B00004XONN|1.0|Huge Radiohead fun. But this album is hard to get into. It's so bad that the band released Amnesiac right after to cover up this failure.
0192802631|3.0|Anne is the middle daughter of a snobbish and foolish lord living in Victorian England.  Her mother died when she was a young teenager, and she has very little in common with her older sister or her younger sister.  Anne's older sister is a carbon copy of their father, and the two of them managed to spend beyond their means, to the point that they now have to rent out their home and move someplace more affordable.  Anne's younger sister has made a decent match in marriage and is now settled into a life that requires near constant attention from others, especially when one of her frequent imaginary illnesses pops up.     Anne is mostly ignored by her family, and they don't know that she once had a brief attachment to a young naval officer, Frederick Wentworth.  A family friend, Anne's surrogate mother figure, thought Anne would be able to find someone better, and advised her to break off her commitment.  Anne took the advice, which resulted in devastation both for herself and for the young man.    Now, seven years later, Wentworth's sister and her husband are renting Anne's family home.  When the now-Captain Wentworth visits, he and Anne find themselves thrown into the same social circle, and spend many months trying to decide if they still have the same feelings for each other that they did so long ago.    I liked this story, with its insight into the amount of effort it took for Victorians to make proper matches and ensure their way of life would continue.  I liked the social rankings and the elaborate rules of behavior, which must have been absolutely stifling for someone living through this time.    However, I didn't identify at all with Anne as a protagonist.  I understand that rules of etiquette were different in those days, and it is difficult for me to read this book without looking through a modern-day filter.  However, Anne had no sense of self-value, and only seemed to see herself as important when she was being \\"useful\\" to others.  It is true that her family treated her as a tool, but I couldn't see how she could see herself that way and still have been attractive to the men who vie for her attention.
B000063UR2|5.0|This is great movie ever! it tell us of darkness can truimph over light sometime. Love is stronger than darkness itself. No one can destroy light nor love. Join the darkness has a price. Break rules can harm others. Unicorn is importnat creature and no mortals is allowed to touch it. Destroy the unicorns will end the world and the horn will remain strong to be a power.
B0002XH9Z4|3.0|Bought this for my husband for father's day.  He liked it, but it did not have all his hit songs on it.  I love Michael's music.  I wanted to hear \\"In the Closet\\", but it is not on here.  I did not care too much for the live concert, it was okay.  He is not very exciting anymore.  His sister has better moves, he needs to change up.  He will always be a lengend though.  They should re-name the title-- it is not ultimate.
B000SNUMC0|2.0|What a boring album. Jon Schaffer has become one of the most boring guitarists. The 1st song sets the tone for the whole album. Palm muted chugging through out. There's one part in the album where it started building up and i thought he was going to blow the lid out, but at the climax he went back to the good old chugging. Get over it Jon. It doesn't work. And how basic is this drummer. Just a boring album for me. I'll give it a few more spins though, just in case i'm missing something!
B00006EXL5|5.0|One word, AMAZING! This is a great cd. Some good tracks are Honey, this mirror isnt big enough for the two of us, Demolition lovers, and Our lady of sorrows. Great vocals and guitar, definatly worth buying!
0143038419|5.0|Elizabeth Gilbert has written such a vivid, engrossing tale that I felt like I was following her around the world, enjoying the amazing food, the spiritual journey and the passionate love along the way.  Her writing engaged not only my mind but all of my senses.  The book was as filling as a delicious meal - I wished it would never end.  I hope she continues writing about her journeys!
B000JBXXZ4|4.0|I loved the song \\"Dig\\" the first time I heard it and it is still a favorite of mine on this album.  I did not know much about Incubus when I first heard this cd, except that they did the song Drive.  Call me old and out of it, but my teenage son actually gave me his copy to listen to because he thought I might like a few of the songs including his favorite Love Hurts.  I had to listen to the cd a few times to appreciate it and now I am totally hooked on Incubus!  I enjoy the unique sound this band has, so much so that I have now become a fan of Make Yourself, have downloaded songs and music videos from i-tunes and am buying their other albums now. My knees turn to mush when I hear A Kiss to Send us off! It does what Stellar does!  Don't know why Earth to Bella (part 1) gets a bad rap from other reviewers but I love all the interesting sounds in it, I could do without part 2 though, that is the only song on this album I could do without.  The rest I LOVE.
0439813786|5.0|Although it doesn't come across as a historical fiction piece, that's exactly what this book is.  Much like the film [[ASIN:6304712936 Amadeus]], The Invention of Hugo Cabret uses real life historical people to create an exaggerated (if not downright false) interpretive biography.<br /><br />Works of this particular genre contain a strange mixture of true and false elements, and are actually good tools for teaching.  True, they may lead to some initial misconceptions, but adequate research after the reading can clear these misconceptions up in a hurry.  I wouldn't make a big deal out of a minor conception though, if in turn you get a wondrous discovery to go along with it.<br /><br />From this book I learned that intricate machines were being invented long before computers and television.  Robots that could draw and write as far back as perhaps the 18th century.  Amazing.  Why aren't we taught things like this in school?  Probably because the textbooks that are issued make people of the past look like complete dimwits when that really isn't the case.<br /><br />The revelation of the existence of ancient robots alone is enough for me to give this book a high amount of praise.  But the artistry in the book brings it to another level.  So much work went into the dozens and dozens of beautiful pencil illustrations that you'd have to be a complete jerk to not give Selznick at least a little respect for his efforts.<br /><br />Often I have to read five or six unexciting books before I get to one that really makes me say, \\"Wow!\\"  This is a \\"Wow!\\" book, and makes a fitting addition to any library.  The risk of constructing it in such an unusual style has greatly paid off.  Books like this are the reason I read.<br /><br />I know I'm not the first one to say this, but this might be the book of the future we're looking at here.
0307237699|4.0|\\"They are out there, I think to myself, those ordinary citizens who have grown up in the midst of all the political and cultural battles.....They are out there, waiting for Republicans and Democrats to catch up with them\\".<br /><br />That statement sets the tone for Senator Obama's refreshingly honest look at policy and politics. In this book, you'll find Obama as open to pointing out flaws in conventional liberal thinking as he is to criticizing his opponents on the right. Likewise, he praises certain aspects of Reagan's policy as openly as he criticizes other parts of it, or as openly as he applauds Bill Clinton's policies. Obama's ability to empathize with a differing point of view, yet maintaining a firm belief in his own position is very endearing.<br /><br />The most interesting aspect of the book, perhaps, is its ability to see today's issues in a historical context. When examining U.S. foreign policy, Obama first walks the reader through the positions taken by Washington, Jefferson, Woodrow Wilson, Nixon, Reagan and others in trying to preserve America's national interests through interventions abroad. Likewise, when looking at the role of faith in American politics, Obama starts by giving the readers a glimpse of the how America's founding fathers thought about these issues, and how the cultural and social changes in the sixties eventually led the religious right to start playing a more active role in politics.<br /><br />Obama also talks openly about his family, and his experiences while growing up, that have shaped him as a person. While talking about racial issues, he is comfortable talking about personal experiences that offer him hope. He's equally comfortable talking about his initiation into faith, having been brought up by a mother who wasn't religious.<br /><br />If you're looking to understand the details of policy that Obama would champion if elected President, this book doesn't offer you a lot. However, what it gives you is the framework of beliefs which shape how Obama thinks about politics and policy. It lives true to its title, and offers hope for a new kind of politics, one that would help us all get closer to the American Dream. All in all, a very enjoyable read, and highly recommended.inks about politics and policy. It lives true to its title, and offers hope for a new kind of politics, one that would help us all get closer to the American Dream. All in all, a very enjoyable read, and highly recommended.
0316067598|5.0|Great book, It really makes you think about politicians and the medias place in a war. After reading this book I understand that our problem in this war is that our guys are not fighting under the same rules. There is no CNN or NY Times that will crusify muslim soldiers.
0143105035|5.0|Daniel Clowes, the artistic genius who brought us Ghost World and Ice Haven, focuses his immense talents to reconfigure Shelley timeless literary masterpiece to fit the boundaries the four-color page.  The result: one of the best comic book portrayal of the monster since Dick Briefer's 1950's horror comic [[ASIN:1419640178 The Monster of Frankenstein]]!  Buy it today!
B0007TKNL0|5.0|The first time I had seen this movie was about five months ago...and I'm STILL obsessed with it.     As an artist, the movie gave so much stunning visuals that inspired me for days. As a musician, the music became engraved in my mind that I still find myself breaking into \\"Think of Me\\" at work.     The movie sent me to tears at the end, and I'm still torn up over the fact that Christine didn't end up with the Phantom (pff...I'm not spoiling anyone, you guys should know the story by now :P).     For you girls out there, if none of what I said has convinced you yet, I'd tell you to just get the movie for Gerard Butler (Phantom) himself!! I found myself gawking like Christine most of the movie, and having watched it about twenty times hasn't stopped me from sighing like a fangirl.
B000P0J02E|5.0|The music on this CD is typical of Hans Zimmer--terrific!  It includes themes from the previous two movies, in addition to new ones, and Zimmer carries it off beautifully.
B0000844M8|5.0|It was made more than 40 years ago, I must have seen it around 20 times in my life and still gets to make me wanna hugh Elsa, the lioness that took the hearts of thousands of people and still is, thanks to home technology. The more I see this movie, the more I understand it's not so much about a naive story, as much as it's about real life for most of us and the values we choose to accompany us throughout our short journeys... if you have a spot in your DVD collection tagged \\"5 star classics\\" put it at the beginning of it...     Wild thing you can't miss to have!
1401201911|4.0|Great read for anyone looking for a creative well thought out twist to the Superman legacy.
B000UX6THK|5.0|I am so happy the box edition is coming out.   This show was so enthralling and smart and quirky and cinematically beautiful. This will be a great ride into my past. Love it, love it, love it.
B000002JPA|5.0|Dream Theater is probably one of the msot influential progressive metal bands and one can easily tell by this album - influenced by 70s progressive rock, but metal. To me this album sounds unique to their later works which are still good, but this one has more of a somewhat \\"true\\" progressive rock feel blending into metal. If you love prog then get this!
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Dexter is a forensic blood spatter analyst by day, and serial killer by night. The trick is that he only kills bad people. Somehow they have found a way to make the character very likeable, even though he is a serial murderer. You can almost overlook it, as you see his interactions with his girlfriend Rita, and his evolving personality over the course of the season.     The only thing I don't like is that his sister on the show has a very annoying character...She's an obnoxious cop. Other than that, I found this first season of this show absolutely engaging.
B0007OY2P8|2.0|I have watched almost all the jane austen movies, pride and prejudice, sense and sensibility, emma, and mansfield park.  I have loved each of these and have and will watch them over and over.  This Northanger Abbey was not as much like her other stories.  It has a little darkness in its story line, something I am not accustomed to seeing in Jane Austen stories.  I must say I will not be watching this one again.
055358894X|4.0|I liked the story.  The world was fasinating and the characters were funny and interesting. It seemed to be a book of flashbacks, which helped in the reading for the slow parts, but my only complaint is that the story dragged a bit here and there.
6305907145|5.0|This is a most entertaining and enjoyable piece of work by Jane Austen.  It is delightful, witty and just a must see!!  I have only had it a little while and all ready I have seen it more times than I can count.
B000RZIGZ4|5.0|I am so glad they put this in HD, I LOVED this movie.  I still think it is one of the best movies Tom ever did...pre-crazy Tom or not.<br /><br />For the stooges who downgraded the movie because it was on HD, get a life.  There are tons of great movies on Blu-Ray that I cannot watch because I don't plan to be the dupe that pays $700 for a DVD player.  That said, I still don't bash movies or studios for choosing one format over the other...it is what it is...<br /><br />So, if you are financially sound-minded, and can afford the >$300 for a HD Player....this is a must have movie!!!
0060853980|4.0|I find a lot of fantasy comedy rather forced, but this excursion into the land of the apocalypse is clever and funny.  It's a case where having two authors involved in a book really seems to have paid off.    The Antichrist is born - and both Heaven and Hell are in a race to make sure he does what THEY want. However, Agnes Nutter, Witch and Prophet has seen all this coming and has got her descendents to make sure that the best well laid plans can be thwarted - or at least twisted into a new shape.    I enjoyed this novel. Its one of those books that the more you think about it you realise that it rips off a lot of well known horror movies and adventure stories and to top it off is packed with relevant social commentary. Having said that though, they don't stop you enjoying a story that will make most people laugh out loud a few times before they know they've even done it.
B0000024ZT|5.0|I reveived the CD in very good condition, on time. I am now enjjoying listening to my favorite group of all time, BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN AND THE E-STREET BAND. I already have the new CD MAGIC on order and am awaitng it's arrival after it's October 2nd release date. I have ordered may CD's from Amazon and have always been very satisfied with my purchases. All have been received in very good condition and exactly what I ordered. My experience in dealing with Amazon has always been a pleasurable one, Phil.
B000TGJ80S|4.0|I think Coppola's Dracula is best-appreciated if you have a good sense of Dracula on film throughout the years.  He seems to have cobbled together many earlier ideas and somehow come up with a very pleasing result.  The expressionistic use of light and shadows harkens back to Murnau's Nosferatu.  The count's aristocratic bearing invites comparison to Bela Lugosi's signature role.  And the more sexual aspects of the character's appeal could have been drawn from interpretations by Christopher Lee or Frank Langella.<br /><br />As someone else has pointed out, I've always had a bit of an issue with calling this \\"Bram Stoker's Dracula.\\"  I won't claim to have seen EVERY Dracula film, but I've seen an awful lot (and a lot of awful ones).  And the fact is, \\"Bram Stoker's Dracula\\"--as a film--just doesn't exist.  No one has ever done justice to the novel, despite many of them--including this one--lifting whole scenes from the book.<br /><br />It seems each new generation gets their own \\"official\\" interpretation of Dracula.  For some of the best offerings of past generations, I suggest:<br />[[ASIN:B000055ZB8 Nosferatu]], [[ASIN:B000GPIPSS Dracula (75th Anniversary Edition) (Universal Legacy Series)]], [[ASIN:B00006G8K0 Horror of Dracula]], and [[ASIN:B000060MVD Dan Curtis' Dracula]].
0670033375|5.0|Amazing book.  He manages to hold my interest while providing a wealth of facts.
0618680004|5.0|Richard Dawkins  an atheist/scientist, writes with factual backing his views of the devastation religion has caused on our planet.    His book will upset many readers,  but will challenge re-thinking about religion.
B000002A46|5.0|Merry Christmas by Mariah Carey has to be the best christmas themed album ever! All ten tracks are excellent, soulful, and puts you in the mood for x-mas. Mariah has never sounded better, her beautiful voice is clear, sharp, and hits every note like it's a piece of cake. My favorite track is O'Holy Night, the way she holds each note is just breaktaking. To me, this is Mariah's last album where she really uses her voice to her advantage. Her voice is so breathy and lifeless now, like she doesn't care or her vocals took a hit and never recovered. Merry Christmas was released in 1994, and after all these years this christmas album still excites and captures my attention. I love, love, love this cd and so will you. Enjoy!
B00005CCA9|4.0|One of the reviewers below wrote that Argerich's recording \\"... exposes the Horowitz versions as stilted and over-mannered\\". I can only conclude that this reviewer has only listened to Horowitz's recording with Eugene Ormandy and the Philadelphia Orchestra in the mid-1970s, which was indeed a stilted and over-mannered rendition, but for understandable emotional reasons which I won't go into here. However, this epithet can certainly not be applied to the Horowitz recordings from the 1930s and 1940s, in particular the recording with Coates and the incredible live performance with Barbirolli on the podium in about 1946 or 47, a recording of which surfaced for public consumption in the 1990s.  The performance with Barbirolli is surely the most stupendous performance of this concerto on record.  I mention this because it seemed pretty clear to me that Argerich's performance was heavily influenced by these earlier Horowitz recordings - the tempos are Horowitz's tempos, the fast passage-work in the 2nd and 3rd movements is very close to Horowitz's, the attack in many places is punchy like Horowitz and not at all like Rachmaninoff's softer attack.      Is this surprising?  Not at all.  For most pianists, Horowitz's readings were the definitive ones - after all, that was Rachmaninoff's opinion and who are they to disagree! Also, Horowitz was the one who put this concerto on the map; its popularity today is in no small measure due to Horowitz's initial championing of it.  Add to that the fact that Argerich is a Horowitz fan and admits to great disappointment that she never met him.     What is impressive is that Argerich alone manages to equal Horowitz in speed and accuracy, well just about.  The speed of the 3rd movement is phenomenal, as is the accuracy of the famous acceleration from the 2nd movement into the 3rd.  However in the lyrical passages she does not sing as Horowitz and Rachmaninoff did, it is all too percussive.  For example, the ravishing beauty of the first theme in the second movement is not brought out in full.    So overall I would say this is a derivative performance.  It doesn't come across as being full of Argerich's own ideas and it is clear that was serious disagreement between Argerich and the conductor as to tempo.  The conductor takes the tutti passages painfully slowly - he ruins the second movement introduction by turning it into a monotonous dirge - and Argerich frequently has to come in at a faster tempo throughout the performance, forcing the conductor and orchestra to play catch-up.  It is still an enjoyable performance but nowhere near the overall polish of the earlier Horowitz recordings.    Also on the CD was a recording of the famous Rachmaninoff Second Suite for 2 pianos, played by Argerich and Nelson Freire, another excellent pianist.  Again, one is struck by the sheer speed of the performance and in their desire to have faster tempos than anyone else, Argerich and Freire turn the 2nd movement into a farce - the sheer pace means that the whole thing is an unmusical blur (save for the slower middle section).  Instead of being a waltz it is more like accompanying music for a Keystone Cops movie. The rest of the piece is very good but again better recordings are to be found elsewhere, in particular the Tamanov and Bruk recording although again, their 2nd movement is too fast.  A surprisingly good version was recorded by John Ogdon and his wife (I forget her name, Brenda Lucas possibly).
B000UNYJXQ|4.0|I think this is one of the most important films ever made.  It will make an excellent holiday gift for people.  Because it emphasizes that the gifts we really need as a society are not under any Christmas tree.<br /><br />Michael Moore isn't totally unbiased in his presentation (hence only four stars), but I found him less lopsided in this outing than in, say, BOWLING FOR COLUMBINE.<br /><br />In SICKO, Moore compares the American healthcare system to various others in the world:  Canada's, England's, Western Europe's, even communist Third World Cuba's.  And in the process we learn that not everyone believes in the philosophy of \\"rugged individualism.\\"  It is implied that certain things, such as healthcare and affordable housing, should not fall into a for-profit sphere.  They need to be largely government-run, to come from taxes, with a progressive taxation system that holds those who have more more responsible.<br /><br />Some level of privation in the healthcare system might be okay for those who can afford it.  But for the many who cannot afford it, a socialized system of medicine (even with its negatives) wins hands-down.<br /><br />These hybrid healthcare systems (containing elements of both public and private) are already common in Western Europe and certainly serve as realistic models.<br /><br />I know that people will say of Moore's philosophy, \\"Well, America is so much more productive than Western Europe [countries such as Germany and France], we create so many more jobs.\\" But they are talking by and large about low-wage, no-benefit jobs. This is a skewed way of calculating economics. For Germany to be the fourth strongest economy in the world and France to be the sixth is still quite admirable when you look at the big picture and what people are getting in return for their tax monies.<br /><br />A Frenchwoman I know was once explaining (along the lines of what the American ex-patriates reveal in the SICKO movie) that everything in France is about the welfare, the well-being of the citizens.  Therefore, a lot more revenue is channelled back into the society itself.  And all the laws in France are designed to protect the employee, not the employer.  Hence, the term \\"welfare state\\" does not necessarily represent a negative notion.  France is very much into this protection system wherein steps are taken to ensure that capital is not away ahead of labor.  My French friend also asks, \\"Why should poor people work when a 10% tax on the rich covers all their needs?\\"<br /><br />In America, over half of every tax dollar goes to the military (and primarily to build expensive missiles).  Meanwhile, the physical and mental health of so many people are being compromised.  And if you can come up with that kind of revenue to hurt and kill people, then you certainly can come up with that kind of revenue to protect and preserve people's health (as astute former Parliament member Tony Benn assesses in SICKO).<br /><br />Moore's documentary also points out that, in France, five weeks paid vacation is the law whether you work full-time or part-time. And it's SIX weeks in Germany.  Now THAT'S an investment in one's physical and mental health that really pays enormous dividends!<br /><br />I applaud Michael Moore for making such a film.  It really takes the words right out of my mouth.<br /><br />(BTW, I enjoyed reading other people's reviews and reflections here as well, especially Dario's from the Netherlands.)e, a lot more revenue is channelled back into the society itself.  And all the laws in France are designed to protect the employee, not the employer.  Hence, the term \\"welfare state\\" does not necessarily represent a negative notion.  France is very much into this protection system wherein steps are taken to ensure that capital is not away ahead of labor.  My French friend also asks, \\"Why should poor people work when a 10% tax on the rich covers all their needs?\\"    In America, over half of every tax dollar goes to the military (and primarily to build expensive missiles).  Meanwhile, the physical and mental health of so many people are being compromised.  And if you can come up with that kind of revenue to hurt and kill people, then you certainly can come up with that kind of revenue to protect and preserve people's health (as astute former Parliament member Tony Benn assesses in SICKO).    Moore's documentary also points out that, in France, five weeks paid vacation is the law whether you work full-time or part-time. And it's SIX weeks in Germany.  Now THAT'S an investment in one's physical and mental health that really pays enormous dividends!      I applaud Michael Moore for making such a film.  It really takes the words right out of my mouth.      (BTW, I enjoyed reading other people's reviews and reflections here as well, especially Dario's from the Netherlands.)
B000UFAURI|4.0|I've been a huge Foo fan ever since their first album, and this cd definitly lived up to my expectations. It's the perfect mix between rock and acoustic. I've always known that Led Zepplin is one of Dave Grohl's biggest influences, and you can definitly hear it in several songs on this cd. Some so-called fans only like the rock side of Foo, but I think the acoustic side of them shows off their real talent. It's not my favorite Foo cd, but it's still really good. Best songs (In my opinion) are \\"Let it Die\\", \\"Stranger Things Have Happened\\", \\"The Pretender\\", and \\"Cheer Up Boys\\".
B000MTPANQ|5.0|This is a must have album for serious Neil Young fans.  It includes early takes on a number of familiar songs that would become hits later, particularly off of Harvest.  The sound quality if excellent, the crowd is enthusiastic, and Neil is Neil.  He takes his time and talks with the crowd, telling stories (his inspiration for \\"Old Man\\" is a highlight\\") and switching between guitar and piano.  The tracks that would later appear on Harvest are a real treat in their unfinished form and there's a few tracks that end up on later albums like \\"See the sky about to rain\\" from the album \\"On the Beach\\".  He even includes \\"Ohio\\" from his CSNY time.  The DVD that comes with this version is a mixed bag.  The actual concert footage is sparse and there are a number of songs with no footage of Neil playing, but rather montages and still sets from the tour, Neil's home, and various stage settings.  But the actual footage is shot on what I'm guessing is old super 8 or another more primitive home video system, so that the footage you watch is actually sped up in order to make up for the missing frames and too synch what you are seeing to the music.  It gives it a sort of off-kilter quality that is noticeable, but not necessarily a complete downfall.  If you are looking for an hour and half of footage of Neil in a chair playing these songs you will be disappointed.  However there are extensive extra features that include live performances from the 70's including the Johnny Cash Show, home footage from Neil's ranch, and footage of Neil going over his archives, plus a lot more.  The DVD would probably be enjoyed by long time Neil Young fans but newcomers will be satisfied with just the album which captures a brilliant evening by a very young artist from one of his peak periods of output.  The maturity of the artist, in both his performance quality and emotional resonance, is staggering when one realizes he was only 25 at the time of the recording.  When you look at the output of contemporary 20something artists, particularly those in the mainstream (which Neil was in during his respective period), you notice a staggering decline in sophistication of song writing, emotional vulnerability, and timelessness, the true marks of a great song.  These songs are as good today as they were 30 years ago, as they will be in another 30 years.  They show a wisdom and maturity beyond the author's years.  Think about that when you're \\"bringing sexy back\\" J.T.orary 20something artists, particularly those in the mainstream (which Neil was in during his respective period), you notice a staggering decline in sophistication of song writing, emotional vulnerability, and timelessness, the true marks of a great song.  These songs are as good today as they were 30 years ago, as they will be in another 30 years.  They show a wisdom and maturity beyond the author's years.  Think about that when you're \\"bringing sexy back\\" J.T.
B000OYC3J8|3.0|The White Stripes have disappointed me with every album after \\"White Blood Cells,\\" but they usually seem to redeem the crap with a few damn good songs... so I keep giving them a chance, hoping they'll find brilliance, `cause it'd be so great if they did.  I'm often irresistibly drawn to the simplicity of their music, so I can appreciate what they're doing on some levels... but I'm beginning to think that they'll never have much to offer in an album except a bunch of ho-hum, derivative filler laced with a few pieces of dung and a few glimpses of simplistic brilliance worthy of finding itself on a playlist or mix cd, but not good enough to warrant listening to the album all the way through.  Kinda bothers me to have to pick and choose which songs to listen to on an LP... it disappoints me more than an album of total crap in a way.  I'd rather see an artist always striving to meet his potential, even if that potential is less than stellar.    Anything specific I could say about the album has already been said by someone else, so I'll just leave it at that, since my history of perpetual difficulty in liking this band pretty accurately wraps up how I feel about \\"Icky Thump.\\"  Just bad enough to frustrate me, but good enough for me to give them yet another chance...
B000TGCR3S|5.0|The film is by the Animation studio that brought us THE ANIMATRIX.    Exquisite Anime with top-notch production value.      \\"The lavish animation, layered with detail and subtext only hints at the complexities and inner character of this bold cartoon epic based on the underground Japanese comic by Taiyo Matsumoto.\\" by Home Theatre Spot.    Blu-ray offers beautiful high AVC bit rate video encoding, frequently even above 30mbs, and many excellent audio tracks, including an English track in 640kbps DD5.1 and also the original Japanese language track in PCM.    This blu-ray release offers lots of special features with Jave-enhanced capability that includes timecode and bookmarking.      EATURES INCLUDE:   - filmmaker commentary   - 11 minute interview with director Michael Arias and British rock duo Plaid   - 43 minute making of/director production diary   - HD trailers for Paprika, Ghost Rider, Final Fantasy, Hostel 2, Underworld 2, and Ultraviolet     Highly recommended!
B00005JNS0|3.0|I know, I know, the middle of this film is actually supposed to be slow, because that's part of the idea: To make you feel what the protagonist felt. But I still think that this film was more of a flop for Pixar... I am grateful that they realized this and brought the magic back in Ratatouille.
1594489505|5.0|I could not put this book down.  It was wonderful.  So real that you felt everthing each character went through.  A real heatbreaker, also a must read.  Don't forget to his first book \\"The Kit Runner\\".
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|I am a huge Jane Eyre fan! It is my favorite book and I've read it several times. This movie is my favorite version that I've seen. The characters are perfectly cast and the setting is beautiful. The length of the movie allows time to develop the storyline, the cast is able to convey the powerful connection between Rochester and Jane. It really makes you FEEL their connection, their love, insecurities, their loss, etc. It does take some artistic liberties, which did bother me a little upon my first viewing, but I've watched it many times since, and I would gladly trade the exact \\"word for word\\" for the passion and feeling conveyed in this movie! The other movies I've seen based on Jane Eyre have been so disappointing. The Timothy Dalton version is probably the most faithful in keeping with the book, however, it really feels like you are watching a play. The William Hurt version is horrible, it was just too short to do the story justice. It left out so much that was necessary to establish any feeling or passion between the characters. Also, it made some major changes to the storyline, especially when Jane Eyre flees Thornfield and her relationship to St.John. It does not show ANY feeling! It did not make you want to cry at their separation because it did not establish to the audience the depth of their love. If you did not know the story at all, you would never know that it was such a powerful love story.
B000AA4JMU|5.0|This is a great set. I had Consider Yourself stuck in my head for a week and I couldn't find the soundtrack anywhere! Then I came across this double pack on amazon and it was just the ticket. Perfect for me and my ipod.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|This movie is boring, far fetched, self serving, has a weak plot, was a waste of my money, has girls that are not as hot as he thinks in it and is just generally dissapointing. This movie could have been great if he made the girls hotter and actually had more than 3 minutes of action in the first hour and 1/2 of the film. Kurt Russell cry's for his mommy at the end and I wanted to do the same because this movie was so terrible. Don't buy or rent this movie, keep an eye out for it in your nieghbors trashcan and watch the last 15 minutes if you want to lose respect for Kurt Russell, then go rent Big Trouble in Little China and get it back again.
0345409671|1.0|I am about a hundred pages from finishing this book and the only reason I am still reading it is because I keep thinking that it will only get better.  I am not a huge Anne Rice fan. I read Interview with the Vampire over a decade ago at the behest of a friend and was not impressed.  When I heard it was going to be made into a movie, I read it again and was still not impressed. The movie was better.  Anne Rice has a huge fan base so I thought I must be missing something and attempted to read Ramses the Damned.  Not impressed. After one hundrd pages into the Witching Hour, I gave up. No more. Recently, a friend of mine at work told me about the story of Memnoch the Devil and I decided to give it a shot because it sounded so interesting. This book sucks.  Interesting concept but very badly executed.  Boring. Why does this writer have so many devout fans? This will be the last Anne Rice book I ever read.
1596680199|5.0|I love this book!!! I'm relatively new to polymer clay and have much to learn. I'd purchased three other books before this one, and while they had some great inspiration, I found them lacking in the how-to's. This book came highly recommended, and I'd say that if you can buy only one book on polymer clay, get this one. The author goes over all the basics, including tools and additional materials, with very clear pictures and instructions. Many other books seem to make it all seem very easy, but leave out some steps not always obvious to the beginner. This book really covers all the steps. While this book is all about making beads, the techniques covered can be applied to all kinds of projects. 5 big stars!!!
1573226521|5.0|Don't be fooled by the poor movie adaptation -- the book is excellent. You won't be disappointed if you're into travelling.
B000RIWAVW|5.0|Why did I wait so long to own this? I have seen this fantastic movie since it came out on the big screen back in the late 70's. Well, it's 2007 and why did I wait so long to buy it? For the most part I have seen it to death, but with the new version by Rob Zombie in the theaters, I guess I just got all excited to see it all over again. But now is the perfect time to pick up this film if you have not yet. There are many releases of this film to pick up now and this version is a great deal for your money if you just want the film without all the extras. Don't get me wrong, if you want a bunch of special features, then pick up the 25th anniversary version. But for me, I only watch special features once. So double disc releases just cost me more money for something that I won't really use. Save yourself some cash and pick up a great film for your collection.
0316067598|5.0|this book shows you what true courage and valor are all about...anyone who didnt give this book 5 stars should reread it then reread it again
0805079831|4.0|Maybe no right wing ideologues get out there any more and preach in the old cold war of ideas that raged so fervently through the last century. Perhaps they no longer see the need - the battle as good as over, the spoils won - the fight no longer worth fighting. Klein shows us that they  may well be exultant at the way a the (self styled) U.S neo-conservatives have taken the ascendancy in the running of thw world's macro economic systems. The world has changed and one may question what relevance a left wing analyst like Klein may have to the modern world - so few must be her adherants. The answer is not about ideologial victory, or even evanglsism. Simply put it's documentation: a documentation of injustice, connected to an ecomonic system that has taken over the world.         Klein does as well as anybody to show the nexus that exists between ecomomic development as it is advocated through free markets guise and the benefits of that development chanelled to the corporite forces in the first world. It's a simple scenario between slave and master, the actions of the latter purely occuring in a context to benefit the former.  Her argument that a single version of economic theory emenating from Milton Friedman and the 'Chicago School' economists is  a direct influence in the removal of elected, or at least benign, governments in Latin America is tenuous. Extreme right economic theory is the natural tool of dictators like Pinochet insofar as it is the means of ensuring that significant money is made, but not distributed equally. Therfore it seems unlikey that Friedman can be attributed anything other than an ideology of influence and certanly nothing remarkable in the ouvre of right wing economic theory. The relationship of free market ideologies to dictatorships isn't cause and effect but a convenient marriage. The U.S didn't care so long as they're anti-communist and corporations are happy to put profit ahead of human rights, think China buddying up to dodgy Africangovernments, it's nothing to to with ideology, economic or ethical, just oil.        The socio-economic situtions of latin American countries pre and post dictatorships is also contentious and unstable territory and Klein doesn't persuade either way that decreasing social idicators for working people and the general torture that took place in Chile, Argentina etc can be related to a perticular perspective of economics, however much one may personally believe her.           Klein shows the the wide progress of social democratic ideas that permeated western societies following WWII and how those ideas were an afront to certain ideologies that have been regressed in the modern globalised world. Her discussion of how the central functions of democracies are antithetical to the desires of extreme right economics is simple and brilliant. Klein shows that ideas, such as the privitaisation of key social services, are harmful to the majory and therefore are not politically expediant to politicians. It then follows that politicians have used extremely traumatic events to implement what would otherwise be political suicide. Her examples include privitised schooling post Hurricane Katrina and an 'outsourced' U.S military operations post S11.         In this sense Klein remains a valubale voice. With the dominant media portraying an overall image of free market development as shop windows of shiney consumer goods and incresing economic indicators in third world countries certain aspects of the story are a little too well rehearsed. This central message has to be questioned. Standing contrary to this message of the trickle down economics is a voice saying this is not a system delivered for the greater good, but a small number of the most wealthy. It is also evident that we need not just look at our own socities (if we live in the West) to determine the degree of inequality but the profoundly disturbing gap that exists between wealth and poverty as it exists between nations. The great benefit of her work is that she is a accessible voice of the left in a world where presenly left and right, in  political and economic spheres are merged.
B00008BXJG|5.0|I don't mean echo the scads of great reviews written here, except to say: This album is a perfect multi-faceted gem.  Whether a Catholic school girl or journeyman builder, Scott, the Youngs, Williams and Rudd seemed to have every one of us in mind when they struck those elemental chords. The effect is powerful, and resonates still.  Best experienced in some social milieu: this is key to a few generations' \\"the first time I heard Highway to Hell\\" stories.  Get one for yourself.
B000VECAEO|5.0|All of these Seinfeld episodes are well done; the plots always come together in the end. This is a must have!!
0735619670|5.0|This book is targetted for software programmers. It advocates that the primary goal of the developer is to manage complexity, and I fully agree with that! It discusses several topics while providing good and bad examples: naming, coding style and organization, code tuning, refactoring, requirements and planning, testing and debugging. I highly recommend it!
B00004Y6O9|5.0|When Gene Simmons spotted Van Halen back in the 1970s, he knew instantly they'd be a hit.  With a party-hearty image, an over-the-top vocalist, one of the most energizing and crazy guitarist ever, and a rock solid rhythm section, he knew they'd turn out some solid rock and roll music.  So naturally he wanted to sign them up as soon as possible.  And that's just what Simmons did.    Turns out Simmons' gut instinct about Van Halen was right on the money.  When VAN HALEN was released in 1978, it put these four young men on the musical map, and also rewrote the rules of heavy metal.  The ultimate frat-boy band was boosted most by David Lee Roth, who was a genius at being one of the premier frontmen in all of rock.  With vocals, squeals, screeches, and an amazing voice, he brought the performance of the band to an adrenaline-driven high, and was an essential part of their early sound.  Hunter S. Thompson, with his gonzo-style journalism, became the embodiment of the over-the-top, wildly inventive rock journalist.  Just as Thompson changed journalism and became a legend in his own right, Roth likewise took the role of lead singer and revolutionized it.  One of the ultimate showmen in rock, Roth was pure genius as becoming a larger-than-life icon to so many rockers.    Of course, the real meat of the Van Halen legacy is, naturally, Eddie Van Halen's guitar.  By introducing finger-tapping into the rock scene, Eddie showed what the guitar could really do.  With spit-fire solos,  that incredible little instrumental they tucked away on this album (Eruption), and some of the most amazing riffs ever to grace a rock and roll record, Eddie stepped into the long vacated shoes of Jimi Hendrix to be one of the most imitated, influential guitarists from the rock era.    Musical virtuosity does not always make for great music, however (browse the Rush canon sometime to see what I mean); fortunately Van Halen had some very strong material prepared for the debut.  Many became radio staples, such as \\"Ain't Talkin' About Love,\\" \\"Running with the Devil,\\" \\"You Really Got Me Now,\\" and \\"Jamie's Crying.\\"  The other songs aren't played as heavily on the radio, but nontheless sport some brisk rhythm work and some great, head banging riffs provided by Maestro Eddie.    And while I don't agree on a moral standpoint with some of these songs or the band itself, there's no denying that when they released this record, Van Halen was one of the most exciting bands out there.  Decades later, the music found here is invigorating, metallic, amazing, and just essential rock listening.  While most of their other records didn't meet this high standard, here the band was spot on.  This was also back in the band's history when there wasn't petty interpersonal politics, inflated egos, and Eddie only going by Edward.  This was released back when it was about the music.  Buy it now.
0803731094|5.0|We received this book as a gift before my son was born. I didn't start reading it to him until he was three months old, but it became an instant favorite. We have to love the books we read to our children and The Gruffalo is so witty and fun that you can't help but love it. Donaldson's rhyming story of a mouse who outwits his predators is rhythmically told and beautifully illustrated by Scheffler. We read it so often that I had to buy a second copy and take it along on trips. Note that the boardbook is worded slightly different than the hardback storybook (we like the boardbook better). I also recommend the Snail and the Whale.
B00004Y6OA|4.0|By 1980, Van Halen were certified rock stars.  They had put two LPs (albeit rather similar sounding to one another) which were massively successful, they were selling out arena tours, and had become one of America's premier hard rock bands.  So when they went into the studio a third time, they wisely chose to branch out their sound and record a much stylistically broader set of songs that had yet been heard by Van Halen's fans.    If you listen to Van Halen's discography in chronological process (a good practice to do with any band or musical artist, to get a glimpse of their career path and musical projectory), WOMEN AND CHILDREN FIRST is one of the most important records to their career, and proved to be both a transitional record and one of the most underrated albums of their career.  Their debut established the `Van Halen' sound, and VH II followed that sound without changing it up at all.  Had they done so a third time, it would have been an artistic misfire and the band would probably start to fade from public consciousness.      Thankfully, Van Halen didn't do that.  Instead, they introduced keyboards (Cradle Will Rock has keyboards processed through a guitar amp), does a bluesy acoustic, almost folk sound number (Could This Be Magic, one of the most underrated VH songs ever), some social commentary (!!) about rock fans and their relationship to their parents and authority figures (Cradle Will Rock), stretches out their musical muscle (Fools), and shows they can write some flat-out great hard rock songs (Romeo's Delight, Loss of Control, In a Simple Rhyme). While \\"Tora! Tora!\\" is more of a riff and an intro to \\"Loss of Control\\" than a real song, the other eight songs prove Van Halen was becoming a much more ambitious band the third time around. It is true that you have to spend more time with this record than the previous two to fully appreciate the music, but it is time well spent, much of it finding the different layers to the music.    What makes WOMEN sowonderful is how natural this expansion of the Van Halen sound is.  They have more musical ambition, develop their song-writing skills, and just manage to churn out one of their most idiosyncratic records.  While VHII sounds simply like VH repeated, WOMEN sounds like the real followup to the debut.  And while I have always found \\"Everybody Wants Some\\" rather sophomoric in the lyrical department, the music itself is outstanding.  On a moral level, I find myself disagreeing with \\"Everybody Wants Some\\", largely due to the sheer promiscuity it promotes, as well as at the very end Roth is propositioning a prostitute (he says \\"Look, I'll pay you for it, what the f--?\\"  \\"In a Simple Rhyme\\", for my money, is one of the best VH songs recorded, and should have been a hit on the same level as any of their other famous material.  I've also always had a partial \\"Could This Be Magic\\", Van Halen's equivalent of Zeppelin's \\"Going To California\\".  What I mean by that is it's a fantastic folk song by a band mostly known for hard rock (though Zeppelin had a huge variety of style and texture to their work as well).    Overall, the music Van Halen recorded for this album is looser, funkier, and covers a much wider spectrum of music than their previous two records.  The music sounds live, lived in, and like the band's been playing this music for that rare period of time when the material is still fresh enough, but more than capable of playing the material, and that point where the band has played the songs so much they just needed a break from it.  Why WACF isn't more highly regarded is beyond me.  I think this is easily their most underrated album.    Interestingly enough, when \\"In a Simple Rhyme\\" ends, a short 20 second untitled instrumental starts.  The name of this instrumental, nowhere listed on the packaging, is \\"Growth\\", and was originally going to be used to as the opening track to WACF's followup.  This followup turned out to be \\"Fair Warning\\", and the original idea was to use \\"Growth\\" as the opening track was unfortunately abandoned.  It has some great, undeveloped potential.     Although the majority of the record may not be as immediately accessible as the biggest songs off the 1978 debut and 1984, overall it is a record that reveals more and more with each listen and reveals itself to be a record with as much lasting power as either of those two titans.  It may take you a little bit to get into, but once you do, you'll be hooked.    Bottom line: Even though VAN HALEN or 1984 or the first two logical places to start listening to Van Halen with Roth was in the band, for the newbies this is a great place to start as well.  Given how underrated it is, it would be nice for new listeners saying their first VH record was this one.  I know a lot of people get nostalgic about records that got them into different bands, and it'd be nice if this was that record for more people than it is now, given its underrated status.
0743201140|5.0|I have not yet read any of the book, but bought it for the key to taking the online Strengthsfinder assessment for a graduate class in career and workforce development.  (NOTE: MAKE SURE TO BUY A NEW COPY OF THE BOOK IF YOU WANT TO GET AN \\"UNUSED\\" KEY TO TAKING THE STRENGTHSFINDER ASSESSMENT ONLINE.)   The assessment alone was well worth the price of the book.  Structuring one's professional development or career pathing around one's strengths (instead of around one's weaknesses) is an energizing way to invest in one's work self.  If you only take the assessment and never read the book, you will have gotten your money's worth.    Regarding the book, my professor tells me it goes a good job at applying the Strengthsfinder to the work world and management.
1594489505|5.0|An amazing story about an equally amazing woman...This is the first book I've read about the middle east and what life is like for families and especially women. I must be honest; if this was not selected by my book club, I don't think I would have read it.  Thank you to Khaled Hosseini for writing this story and giving me a understanding of life in Afghanistan.
B000EMGAOY|4.0|It never ceases to amaze me how a band of RHCP's stature can still be getting new fans all the time and they have been out for over 20 years! I became a fan of the group when i began listening to \\" dani california\\". I thought the song was awesome, so i asked for \\" Stadium Arcadium\\" for my birthday. Overall, the album is pretty good. There are maybe a few songs that really didn't grab my attention at first but they have grown on me. This is defintely a cd worth getting. There are 28 songs so chances are that you'll like a few of them even if you don't like them all.
0380730367|5.0|I love Prayers for Rain not only because it's a great book and you can really see how Lehane is shaping to become more than just a thriller writer but a true literary gem but because Patrick and Angie are really here in fine form. There are a lot of laugh out loud moments, a lot of tense ones too but this book has so much heart, it's amazing. Usually when a writer gets to their fifth book, they start to teeter out, take the high road. But not Lehane. Prayers is great not only for its story and its characters but also its heart.<br /><br />I also hate Prayers for Rain. However, its not the book's fault. It's only because it's the last in the series for right now. And We're left wanting much, much more.
B00003CXIP|5.0|This is an engaging story about a childhood adventure for a bunch of friends.  The original story was from a novella by Steven King.  If you ever had great group of friends as a child and miss them, you will appreciate this movie.
B00000JPH6|5.0|The Dark Crystal is a fantastic puppetmation movie.  You are taken to a whole new world with new creatures.  There truly alien life forms everywhere and that's what makes the movie so special.  It's not just another alien movie because it happens somewhere else.  You actually feel like you're on an alien world.  It's just as powerful now as it was when I first saw it as a kid.
0143038419|5.0|It's a wonderful account of a woman who travels to find herself after a divorce.  I loved her humor and ability to be so introspective.  It was a pleasure to read of her journey towards learning to love herself.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|They did a great job restoring this film.  Each time I watch it I catch something I missed before.  I can watch this movie again and again.  It's a timeless piece of animated history.
B000GY729M|3.0|I waited until now to finally buy this because I'd heard such bad reviews.  Not to mention, Brandon Flowers had given an interview before it was released proclaiming Sam's Town as the best album in the last 20 years.  Quite a statement to make, and Sam's Town doesn't even make the top 200 of the past 20 years.  The vocal styling is downright annoying at times and the songs are over the top.  The Killers seem to take themselves too seriously, and they might be able to get away with it if the songs were better.  It's not all bad - there are a few good tracks (Read My Mind, My List, For Reasons Unknown, When You Were Young).  But it is largely a disappointment cosidering what Mr. Flowers built it up to be.
0316018953|5.0|Starts out a little slow, but picks up speed and excitement. An obvious read after reading Echo park. Harry Bosch is his usual self, why follow the rules?
B000THGR0Q|5.0|Songs from the Wood is music for the Anglo-Saxon soul. This is Tull at their best.
B000UR366S|3.0|I love Joni Mitchell's history of work. This cd has tones and chords reminiscent of her geffen lp's and not always the best ones. The saxophone<br />that runs throughout this set sounds like a kenney G. album. The sparse synthesized environment and Joni's droll synopsis of modern times lick and bleed. Joni used to have a voice that had more color.This voice is gasping more than singing.This cd does anything but shine.Even her cover of Big Yellow Taxi is questionable.It is a so what cover of her ecology hit from a more interesting time of her artistry.<br />I'm sorry if this review upsets fans,but this cd is no reason to get excited.<br />She is still Joni Mitchell and I admire her work to an extent-<br />On the 2nd listen I was able to empathize with her point of view about this vapid greedy cuture,but the cd is like a tombstone to it.
0385732554|3.0|Lois Lowry's The Giver has been enjoyed by generations of young adults, and older ones as well. It is a very good book with superficial and deeper meanings, and is a great study in contrasts and how our society might one day turn out. It just seems basic, written in a simplistic style. It is easy to follow, easy to understand, and fun to analyze. Deeper messages abound, and it has a few morals and interesting lessons about family, friends, and relationships tossed in as well. It also deals with the idea of being different in a world where everything feels the same. It has good development, and I highly recommend it to middle school students and anyone who hasn't read it. An old classic for modern times in a future world, it is truly generation-spanning. Having read The Giver multiple times, I still am not enthralled by it. However, I prefer elaborate stories, so don't be put off it. I myself did not love it, but it's worth being read.
B000OHZL1C|4.0|I have never seen this before but having recently gone all HD I thought it worth a go. Well the picture really is excellent, just what HD was made for ie great photography.  The actual film I also enjoyed although, at slightly over 3 hours, it was a bit of a stretch, maybe perfect for a sunday afternoon.
6305910340|5.0|This has been one of my favorite movies for quite some time.  It is great for the whole family!  I don't know how true to real life it is, but I love watching the evolution the family goes through from start to finish in this movie as they try to find balance between encouraging and supporting their son's love and gift for chess and trying to provide a \\"normal\\" childhood for him at the same time.    The movie is well-acted and has a surprisingly well-known cast considering it is such an unknown movie.
B00005JM02|5.0|This is one of my favorite Pixar movies. The story revolves around a clownfish named Marlin (Albert Finney) who looses his son to a Dentist swimming in the water looking to fill his fish tank. Throughout the movie Marlin meets Dory (Ellen). Dory agrees to hel,p Marlin find his son even though Dory has a minor memory problem. My favorite character is Bruce the shark who is part of a group of sharks claiming to have stopped eating other fish. Will Marlin find his son Nemo? Will the Dentist give Nemo to his fish-killing niece Darla? Will Nemo survive mount-want-to-hock-a-loogie?<br /> All in all this is a great family movie which among the many themes create a good wholesome atmosphere. Fish got to swim birds got to eat!!!!
B000OYC3J8|3.0|This White Stripes album is quite different from their earlier work. Listening to this album is almost like getting into a time-machine and going back to the days of glam rock, it is quite trippy. I admit that this album is quite hypnotic after a few listenings. It is also quite self-indulgent. It is almost Jack White saying \\"I am Jack White and I can do anything.\\" And make no mistake, there is a broad range of sound at work here.
B000NA1OXY|1.0|Not even tracks like \\"When You're Gone\\" and \\"Keep Holding On\\" can save the disappointment in this one. For those not wanting explicit lyrics in their music collection, or in their children's music collection, be forewarned. This version is not as \\"clean\\" as it says. A very offensive and very unnecessary word in her big hit, \\"Girlfriends\\", is more apparent than absent. This album could have been so much better.
B000TLMWLK|4.0|Oh how young they looked and how few of these stars are still with us today. Johnny Cash was the true Nashville rebel, bringing to the country music stage for his TV show such hippy-dippy heroes as Bob Dylan, Neil Young, Creedence Clearwater Revivial, Joni Mitchell and Eric Clapton in their prime along with traditional country stars of the day. The Cash show aired from 1969-1971, right in the middle of the most exciting, dynamic era of America popular culture. The Cash \\"larger-than-life legend\\" has always eluded me, however. I never liked his constipated vocals, the strange haunted look, or some of the twitching mannerisms. I always got the impression the years of drug abuse in the '60s did some lasting damage. The whole Man In Black routine seemed like a cheap gimmick as well, or worse, a sort of messiah complex. Why should Johnny Cash have the weight of the world on his shoulders? (Even Billy Graham is able to wear a blue suit.) So I purchased this video for the guest stars, and they're great! A heavily made-up Bob Dylan does \\"I Threw It All Away\\" and you can actually understand his vocals. It's a definite highlight. Neil Young does \\"The Needle And The Damage Done.\\" A bright-eyed Kris Kristofferson does \\"Loving Her Was Easier (Than Anything I'll Ever Do Again).\\" You also get Loretta Lynn, George Jones, Waylon Jennings, Roy Orbison, Merle Haggard, Ray Charles, Carl Perkins, Tammy Wynette and the Statler Brothers. The most interesting performance for this reviewer has to be Eric Claption fronting Derek And The Dominos on the countryish song \\"It's Too Late.\\" This early 1971 performance was probably one of the last times Clapton was able to perform on stage before his heroin jones put him out of commission for a while. (Check out his tragic showing with George Harrison at the Concert For Bangladesh later that year.) Though it was taped in Nashville, the Cash show had a decidedly urban look, with bright, garish, psychedelic stage sets that really catch the eye. This video has aired on PBS stations across the country but it's certainly worth owning on DVD.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|Es el tipo de pelicula que te gusta o no te gusta. No deja nada a medias.<br /><br />Yo la recomiendo bastante, esta subtitulada al espa&ntilde;ol.
B000MTPANQ|2.0|This is a stellar performance but there is something wrong with the enclosed dvd. First - it doesn't play on my PC but it does on my dvd player. I have a very high level of technical ability and I have tried 2 different discs but there is something wrong with the encoding. Also - some of the dvd is a slide show apparently because someone didn't think the video was up to par. I know the source is over 30 years old but the slide show is cheesy and is not mentioned in the promo material.
B000055WIQ|5.0|Having seen the original \\"Exorcist\\" about a million times, I wasn't expecting much; a few more spasms of pea soup, some more foul language from the smartass demon we all know and love, or maybe Father Merrin going to the pharmacy and getting some heart medication that ACTUALLY WORKS.<br /><br />But \\"The Version You've Never Seen\\" defied all my expectations and then some.  This is better than the original, infinitely better, and I don't say that lightly. It transforms that classic 1973 shockfest/bleak tale of an innocent young girl defiled by forces beyond science and beyond the most extreme of human assistance into a subtle masterpiece which transcends horror and most so called \\"religious\\" films in general.<br /><br />The story is the same but recounted in a manner which is somehow entirely different from Friedkin's original cut: there is a meditative silence to the quietly catastrophic events which put a girl's life in danger and bring two men who barely know each other together to help her:the scene in the doctor's office, when Regan is being given a series of medical/psychological tests, answer in no uncertain terms the question of whether she was possessed or not.  The face that appears momentarily speaks for itself.<br /><br />Father Karras' personal crisis with the insanity and death of his mother and his reaction to it is dramatically altered by the beautifully restored scenes in which he says mass: in the original, he looks from the altar and sees people weeping, broken.  In this version, Miller's character is beginning to realize that Regan is actually possessed and his faith is being strengthened by this new catastrophe, not weakened.  The spiderwalk scene is appropriately foul; it shows that the horror living inside of Regan will not be restricted to her bedroom forever.<br /><br />The images which are spliced within the film are not hoky at all but on the contrary make it more frightening: the ill-fated hypnotist with a serious case of blueballs gets a momentary glimpse of what he is dealing with before Regan chokes the chicken.  The sense of ultimate mystery--an aging Jesuit priest finding an unpleasant relic in Iraq, a tortured young priest who is ready to pack it in and leave the priesthood, the little daughter of a rich and lively actress in Georgetown, and the coagulation of these forces into a disastrous but successful final confrontation--it is all done to better effect here.<br /><br />There is something deeply, deeply disturbing about this movie; while certainly not the \\"scariest movie of all time\\", it is a visceral assault on the senses filled with a strange voodoo subliminal power that does not make for casual viewing.  Unless one is absolutely steeled to whatever one sees, and even then, this will scare the hell out of you, no pun intended.  One of the best horror movies ever made and thought provoking about the most important questions in our lives.s dealing with before Regan chokes the chicken.  The sense of ultimate mystery--an aging Jesuit priest finding an unpleasant relic in Iraq, a tortured young priest who is ready to pack it in and leave the priesthood, the little daughter of a rich and lively actress in Georgetown, and the coagulation of these forces into a disastrous but successful final confrontation--it is all done to better effect here.    There is something deeply, deeply disturbing about this movie; while certainly not the \\"scariest movie of all time\\", it is a visceral assault on the senses filled with a strange voodoo subliminal power that does not make for casual viewing.  Unless one is absolutely steeled to whatever one sees, and even then, this will scare the hell out of you, no pun intended.  One of the best horror movies ever made and thought provoking about the most important questions in our lives.
B000E6FSPW|5.0|This CD is worth the money. From the first to the last song, you will find  yourself singing along.  Excellent CD!
B000B7TLSY|5.0|if it's sitting in a giant theater with hundreds of people, or watching it on dvd with some friends. Just watching the model making skills along with the lyrics of danny elfman bring the story to life. This movie isnt for kids anymore even the movie reviewer has to look at this movie very closely.   And since seeing it in theaters since i was a mere lad to the new 3d apperance, i have followed tim burton's idea for years. and if it's that good on dvd, vhs, laserdisc, 16mm, they i would be really awesome if it was on psp.  plus your psp can double as a dvd player. so it's almost like buying the dvd if you have the right hookups and such. excellenct movie, and i would suggest buying cause i'm pretty sure it's outta print
0143112724|5.0|This is simply one of the best guides available on how to write the English language. Forty years ago, acclaimed author E.B. White edited and refurbished his 1918 English book written by his former Professor William Shrunk. Still in print today, a once dull, outdated textbook has been revamped and updated for the modern era in a colorful, modishly illustrated, succinct edition. The techniques and rules for writing are just as fundamental and undying since first featured in the original addition and are just as useful today.<br /><br />\\"Elements of Style\\" shouldn't be considered a textbook in any sense, the word tends to deter readers; rather, it's best described as a simple compilation of basic rules of grammar and composition guidelines that aids everyone from the lifelong journalist to the occasional letter writer. This little red book contains a cache of rules, definitions, punctuations, and proper expressions condensed into five, clear, user-friendly, concise chapters.<br /><br />\\"Get to the point. Omit needless words. Don't overwrite. Compose an accurate, concise discourse.\\"<br /><br />White demonstrates that the beauty of our language, as demonstrated by himself and other classical authors, is that we can all follow the same formalities of one another yet be so individualistic in style without sacrificing clarity. While the first half covers simple grammatical rules, the latter half of the five chapters is devoted to rules that will foster each writer's own unique ingenuity. In a rare assurance, this is one of the books that promises to change how you see your own words on paper.
B000002UQJ|3.0|Paul McCartney has had a very uneven career over the years.  He has put out some great stuff as well as some pure crap.  This album is one of his better ones from the early 90's, although like most of his studio albums it does suffer from inconsistency.  Some of this album rocks, some of it is cheesy, some of it is spacey, and some mushy.  Paul is in fine voice throughout and the musicians were all members of his touring band so they worked well together.  The really good stuff includes, Hope Of Deliverance, Mistress And Maid, The Lovers That Never Were, Get Out Of My Way, and my personal favorite Wine Dark Open Sea.  The rest of the album is all ok, but nothing spectacular to my ears.  Overall this is a pretty decent effort from Paul and although not essential would make a nice addition to anyone's collection.
1878424505|4.0|This is a compelling book that provides a straightforward, easy-to-understand methodology for improving one's quality of life. In this work Ruiz first reveals the source of self-limiting beliefs that tend to rob people of joy and create needless suffering.  He then recommends a technique for overcoming these beliefs: adopt four new agreements with respect to how they approach the world and conduct their lives.<br /><br />Is this some new, revolutionary technology for self-improvement? No, the fact is in one way shape or form we've all heard these types of admonitions from other sources in our lives. What Ruiz does well is package them in a novel way and provide practical insights into how we can best apply them. Bottom line, even if you've heard something like this before it never hurts to be reminded about good advice you've received in the past.
0876852630|4.0|In FACTOTUM, Charles Bukowski follows his alter-ego Hank Chinaski through a sequence of 19 menial jobs. For each, Buk shows how Hank gets, experiences, and then loses a job, while the core activity in his life is really boozing.<br /><br />Take, by the way, this description of FACTOTUM. Then, replace the subject of menial jobs with the subject of strangely worshipful women. What you get is a decent description of WOMEN, Buk's hilarious novel about the mature and successful Chinaski. For this reader, Bukowski's ability to write in such parallel structures is almost eerie.<br /><br />In FACTOTUM, Bukowski presents the young Chinaski, who is just beginning to define himself as a writer and to gain some recognition for his work. In contrast, Chinaski is an established poet in WOMEN and pursued, to his incredulous delight, by attractive but crazy women, who feed his verse. While WOMEN is hilarious, the humor--in my opinion--isn't really there in FACTOTUM. Instead, this novel is a story about sly but self-destructive integrity, with the young Chinaski willing to live a very marginal existence, since this is the life that makes sense to him. I don't think Bukowski is writing with a message. Even so, young Hank is \\"just saying no\\" to work until he achieves the work that he wants.<br /><br />Once again, Bukowski uses a very clear and direct style in this novel. In fact, I don't remember a single striking metaphor or simile in FACTOTUM. In a way, his writing is the opposite of his poetry (I'm reading THE ROOMING HOUSE MADRIGALS), with Bukowski seldom, if ever, pulling a wry or melancholy or thoughtful subtext out a short poetic narrative. Instead, the style in FACTOTUM is straightforward while the voice is consistently that of an alienated boozer who has \\"realized everything is a hoax\\" (page 61).<br /><br />FACTOTUM is amusing but not hilarious. It is also occasionally grim, especially when Bukowski lets Hank test bottom and, oh, say, soil himself. This is an easy read and a good novel but not for the squeamish.squeamish.
B000UR366S|2.0|I've been listening to and loving Joni's music since the mid-1970's and I own all of her albums. I think she is a brilliant artist and have marveled at her work over and over.  I've been living with Shine for about a week now and have played it start to finish about 8 times.  Sorry to say, but Shine is quite dull.  Where is the music?  There is very little melody here - - nothing that grabs you and asks to you to \\"listen again.\\"  We all know the word is in dire straits.  I just wish Joni had put her wonderful words to some worthy music.  The message she is trying to covey would have been better received.
B000QXDEDG|5.0|a must see if you are even romotely interested in ancient history and filming technology!
B000VDDDY6|5.0|My whole life have I been watching and enjoying this great show.I can remember watching it with my sister on NBC when it was brand new.I loved it then,and I love it even more today.Star Trek has always been something that we hope the world will someday be,something that we wish it to be.It would be so great to be able to \\"beam\\" somewhere-like San Francisco for dinner,perhaps?.No more need for vechicles that pollute the air we breath and foul the very water we drink! Or,how about all the diseases that they have found cures for on the show,cures that are soo badly needed today?Wow! The possibilities are endless!  Unfortunately,we live in a modern world that is filled with greed and advarice.Technology that would free us from fossil fuels is stifled by the oil companies and government so that the oil companies can remain in buisness for just a little while longer and pull in that last dollar that they need soo badly.Diseases that we have been searching for cures for years and years are still with us.Why? I think that it's because the researchers know that if they did find the needed cures that they just might be out of a job.Nobody wants to face the prospect of being unemployed.I like to think that there is a quick cure for the common cold locked in a vault at one of the pharmacutical companies out there somewhere.Think of all the money they would lose every cold season if that cure ever made it to your local pharmacy.The sale of over the counter cold remedies is a multi billion dollar industry.Wouldn't want to ease suffering if it means losing profit.  Here we come ,finally,to the point of this review.Sorry for blathering on there.  Star Trek is a great show.There is no doubt about that.The new remastered scenes are,in my humble opinion,very cool.\\"The Doomsday Machine\\" has always been my favorite episode.What they did was absolutely awesome.Unfortunately,not every episode of Star Trek was soo great.Some of them (such as \\"Spock's Brain\\" and \\"Turnabout Intruder\\")were soo bad that I wish they wouldn't even bother including them in the new DVD sets.Either way,I plan to buy these remastered episodes.I love them and am looking foreward to owning them.I am going to wait until all three seasons are available and for the price to drop first,though.  Star Trek Lives!  Live Long and Prosper!
B00062J00S|5.0|I was never one who liked to watch old, black & white movies until I saw this movie at a Christmas dinner. It moved me to tears. Excellent movie and a classic.
074322454X|5.0|It is an awesome book!  It makes me so proud of what every soldier does for our country and so thankful for what they give up for our freedom.
0143038419|1.0|This book was really disappointing. Don't waste your time. It's a woe is me story, poor thing, have pity. Maybe I missed something.
B000VK7KVQ|4.0|The movie itself was very good.  I didn't know what to expect, but the movie held my interest all the way to the end.    My problem with this particular purchase was the video quality from Unbox.  I downloaded it to my TiVo.  While I know the video quality isn't going to be DVD quality, there's not a lot of fast action or motion, ALL of the motion in this movie had a blurred, staggered effect that actually hurt my eyes and made me feel a little nauseous.    I recommend watching this movie, but watch the actual DVD and skip the Unbox download.
B000UFAURI|5.0|It's been a while since I've listened to a new album, over and over again. I'm a huge fan of the Foo's debut album, which is still my favorite of all the Foo albums. This one, for me, takes second only to the debut.<br /><br />My favorite track on the Album is \\"Let it Die.\\" To me, the track seems to channel the souls of Genesis and YES, and it definitely works. I'm not an audiophile, and I'm sure I lack the proper vocabulary to do this Album justice, but just let me say that the entire album is more than satisfying, and extremely listenable. A welcome return to the roots of Foo, after what I felt to be a sub par outing on the last double-album (so sub par that I can't even remember the name of it).
6304493681|5.0|Ghost in the Shell marks the world as a new vision how technology could affect our lives. Set in a futuristic Japan where man and machine live together. It has many ideas that where later used in the film Matrix and dwells in the thematic of what is the difference between man and machine. Where is the line that defines the soul and self awareness, and if machines could be \\"alive\\".  Definitely a film you must see!
0743289684|5.0|College Club reviewed your autobiography and you put us to shame-your accomplishments despite yourcultural restrictions...searching for a God of Love-You did find yourself- AND courageous enough to take a stand - God does love you and blesses you  You have opened the door for many women and more WILL follow. May you continue your crusade for women;s rights
B000M341QE|3.0|I've always enjoyed Scorsese's work. When I saw the amount of stars in this film, I knew I had to see it (especially because of Nicholson - Jack's the MAN!)    It's a good thing that this film is jam-packed with acting superstars because the story itself just doesn't quite hit home for me. The performances by everyone in this movie is way above average but the story, although very sophisticated and well-written, just doesn't seem to bring the viewer anywhere.    After following the characters and storyline, the film just seems to abruptly...END. Maybe I just didn't get it, but after enjoying the performances of some great acting talent, I just didn't understand what Scorsese was trying to say with this film. When it was over, my response was more or less, \\"Yeah. So?\\"    I guess maybe I expect to come away from a film with a better understanding of it's subject matter, but in this case, it just didn't happen.    In my opinion, if there weren't so many stars giving their all with their performances, this movie would hardly be a blip on the radar. I'm glad I rented instead of buying. Scorsese has done much better work in the past. Maybe there were just so many characters in the story that I couldn't establish empathy with any of them.    Great direction, great story, and great acting....but what was the point of it all?????
B000O76TA4|5.0|One of the best films ever made! Edward Norton and Brad Pitt in what may be the performances of their careers. Dark, brutal, funny and totally unforgetable.
B000002KOO|5.0|First- anyone know the title of the Maxwell Armfield painting that is on the cover? I can't seem to track that down. Now the album itself is fabulous, I've had a copy since I bought the original US release at the time of its original distribution. Greeny is a god, but part of the magic in this music, sadly, is that he is starting the dark descent into schizophrenia (which may have had little or nothing to do with drug use).
0805079831|5.0|I read this book while crossing the Atlantic.  The author has done something extraordinary, the equivalent of Silent Spring for industrial-era capitalism as an immoral form of human organization.  This book is unique but also tightly linked to the books that I list below.<br /><br />The conclusion of the book focuses on how Wall Street has discovered how to profit from mega-disasters and financial melt-downs, and contrary to popular belief, Wall Street makes money from these economic down-turns.  It is the individual, and the indigenous owners who are forced to sell below market, that lose, every time.<br /><br />The author's opening focus is on privatization, deregulation, and deep cuts in social spending, each as mandated by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, with other nasty triggers demanded by the World Trade Organization, that have been systematically used to loot entire nations and their commonwealths--this is apart from the immoral predatory capitalism that uses bribes to clear areas of indigenous peoples so they can steal all the gold or other natural resources, and their only cost is the bribe, while the host peoples lose billions in natural resources.<br /><br />The author teaches us that \\"disaster capitalism\\" is the next step above immoral predatory capitalism, in which wars and disasters have been privatized and the global military-industrial-prison-hospital complex has moved one step closer to displacing all governments.<br /><br />She spends time discussion torture by dictators as a silent partner to the free-market crusade, and this is a good time to mention that the book is a standing condemnation of all that Milton Friedman and \\"the Chicago boys\\" inserted into the IMF and World Bank via their students.<br /><br />She provides a helpful discussion of how believers in Armageddon, including the neo-conservatives, are motivated by the belief that there is such a thing as a clean slate, and that Africa without Africans, or Iraq without Iraqis, are both desirable for that reason.<br /><br />She does a tremendous job of outlining the three shock waves of disaster capitalism:<br /><br />1. Government Disaster/War out-sourced<br />2. Corporate looting<br />3. Police terrorism<br /><br />A portion of the book focuses on the urgency of restoring unions and the middle class, unions because they protect fair wages that create a middle class.  She stresses that the 1970's through the 1990's saw a global (but particularly southern hemisphere) campaign to use the cover of counter-terrorism to murder and terrorize union leaders.  As a graduate of the Central American and Andean wars, I can certainly testify to the fact that government death squads were as about looting and killing opposition leaders, and I for one saw no terrorists, only indigenous people's at the end of their rope.<br /><br />Interestingly the author singles out visionaries as being among the top targets for being hunted down and \\"disappeared.\\"  Visionaries counter the government lies that seek to rule by secrecy, impose scarcity, and concentrate wealth within a small elite.<br /><br />The author damningly documents how eager corporations have been to work with dictators to create police states that eliminate unions and enslave peoples at wages that cannot support a family, much less create a middle class.<br /><br />She focuses on national debt and on government corruption as the two pillars of social destruction.  As a student of E. O. Wilson and Medard Gabel, and many others, I can testify that there is plenty of money for all of us to be virtual billionaires, but it is corruption and greed at the top, enabled by secrecy, that have allowed a handful to create a global class war and impoverish the 90% that do the hard work (see my list on this one).<br /><br />I am utterly blown away by the author's overall assessment, in the middle of the book, to wit, that crisis is now used routinely to side-step reasoned democracy and completely halt political and social reform while furthering the ends of those who seek to concentrate wealth and power exclusive of the larger body of We the People.<br /><br />The author is damning across the board of the failures of neoliberalism, which has been a \\"second pillage\\" of the looting of state-owned enterprises, following the first pillage, the looting of the natural resources of the commonwealth being targeted.<br /><br />As part of this the author explicitly accuses the IMF of deliberately fostering crises in part by fabricating and manipulating statistics, or as the author puts it, \\"statistical malpractice.\\"<br /><br />The author suggests that unlike the Mexican bail-out, when Rubin was seeking to protect Wall Street investments, Asia was allowed to collapse financially because the US wanted to put an end to the prospects of their being a \\"third\\" way that was more balanced than either capitalism for the few on one side, or socialism for all on the other.  This is especially noteworthy because Latin America is today pursuing a similar \\"third way\\" and very likely to succeed.<br /><br />The author declares that Donald Rumsfeld's over-riding objective as Secretary of Defense was the privatization of war.  The author tells us that he declared war on the Pentagon bureaucracy on 10 September (this is the same day that Congresswoman McKinney's was grilling him on the missing 2.3 trillion dollars).  On 11 September the missile won Rumsfeld his war with the Pentagon bureaucracy *and* it destroyed the computers with all the records on the missing money.<br /><br />The author goes on to document how the Bush Administration privatized Homeland Security across the board.<br /><br />As the book draws to a close she reviews the history of corporate-driven foreign policy, summing it up in three steps:<br /><br />1. Corporation suffers set-back in a foreign country<br />2. Politicians loyal to the corporation demonize the foreign country<br />3. Politicians \\"sell\\" US public on the need for regime change.<br /><br />The author scorns political appointees, noting that their \\"service\\" these days is little more than a pre-raid reconnaissance.<br /><br />She concludes by suggesting that disaster apartheid is leaving 25-60% of the populations as an underclass, destroyed middle classes, and creating walled cities for the elite, death and suffering for everyone else.  Dubai is one such walled city.<br /><br />Corporations are red-lining the world, using stocks, currency, and real estate markets to crash economies, buy cheap, and then restore with a sharp re-concentration of wealth.<br /><br />Ending on a positive note, she suggests that We the People are in the process of reconstructing our own world, and while I did not see mention of the World Index of Social and Environmental Responsibility (WISER) or Interra and the other community-oriented systems, I believe she is correct, and that the Earth Intelligence Network, the Transpartisan Policy Institute, the People's Budget Office, are all part of taking back the power and the commonwealth.<br /><br />This is a great and necessary book.  Others (the first two DVDs) listed below reinforce her findings.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0007DBJM8 The Corporation]]<br />[[ASIN:B000BTH4K4 Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price]]<br />[[ASIN:0684862204 The Soul of Capitalism: Opening Paths to a Moral Economy]]<br />[[ASIN:0452287081 Confessions of an Economic Hit Man]]<br />[[ASIN:0470098287 The Global Class War: How America's Bipartisan Elite Lost Our Future - and What It Will Take to Win It Back]]<br />[[ASIN:0156030055 The Cheating Culture: Why More Americans Are Doing Wrong to Get Ahead]]<br />[[ASIN:0375708219 The Working Poor: Invisible in America]]<br />[[ASIN:0312424620 Running on Empty: How the Democratic and Republican Parties Are Bankrupting Our Future and What Americans Can Do About It]]<br />[[ASIN:0785262202 Breach of Trust: How Washington Turns Outsiders Into Insiders]]<br />[[ASIN:1400065763 Vice: Dick Cheney and the Hijacking of the American Presidency]]by suggesting that disaster apartheid is leaving 25-60% of the populations as an underclass, destroyed middle classes, and creating walled cities for the elite, death and suffering for everyone else.  Dubai is one such walled city.    Corporations are red-lining the world, using stocks, currency, and real estate markets to crash economies, buy cheap, and then restore with a sharp re-concentration of wealth.    Ending on a positive note, she suggests that We the People are in the process of reconstructing our own world, and while I did not see mention of the World Index of Social and Environmental Responsibility (WISER) or Interra and the other community-oriented systems, I believe she is correct, and that the Earth Intelligence Network, the Transpartisan Policy Institute, the People's Budget Office, are all part of taking back the power and the commonwealth.    This is a great and necessary book.  Others (the first two DVDs) listed below reinforce her findings.    [[ASIN:B0007DBJM8 The Corporation]]  [[ASIN:B000BTH4K4 Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price]]  [[ASIN:0684862204 The Soul of Capitalism: Opening Paths to a Moral Economy]]  [[ASIN:0452287081 Confessions of an Economic Hit Man]]  [[ASIN:0470098287 The Global Class War: How America's Bipartisan Elite Lost Our Future - and What It Will Take to Win It Back]]  [[ASIN:0156030055 The Cheating Culture: Why More Americans Are Doing Wrong to Get Ahead]]  [[ASIN:0375708219 The Working Poor: Invisible in America]]  [[ASIN:0312424620 Running on Empty: How the Democratic and Republican Parties Are Bankrupting Our Future and What Americans Can Do About It]]  [[ASIN:0785262202 Breach of Trust: How Washington Turns Outsiders Into Insiders]]  [[ASIN:1400065763 Vice: Dick Cheney and the Hijacking of the American Presidency]]
0812975219|3.0|I read the Black Swan and I loved it.  So, of course, I had to read this book too.  It turned out to be a rehash of the same material, but not told with the same conviction.  In the Black Swan he pulls no punches.  Here he has not quite gotten all his material together and you can feel it.  If I had not read the Black Swan I would have liked this book.  But, since he wrote a better one, I would recommend the Black Swan and not this one.
1433203316|4.0|This was a very interesting story, although not at all what I thought it would be. I expected more of an almost 'Resident Evil' style adventure. What  it turned out to be was a brooding, introspective vampire story that took very little from the Bram Stoker world (and I mean that in a good way - I think 'Dracula' is an awful book).<br /><br />I would recommend this to anyone. There are good story ideas here, it was well paced, it had a few legitimately frightening / tense moments, and it help my interest the whole way.
B000A5044C|3.0|I'm sorry, I usually will praise a poignant movie, but this one is so stretched out I couldn't help losing patience and hit fast forward through a great much of it, doing 4x speed. I'd make sure to go to real speed when it was obvious there was dialogue. I don't think I missed much as much of the movie is just microscopic observing day to day to day. It's like something you want to put in the oven to make it shrink whole. Terrific acting, a compelling story, very well made with nice cinematography, but what can I say, it was unbearably long, even in fast forward. Hey, I've got a life to live. I don't need to sit and have the poignant stretched out to almost 2 1/2 hours unnecessarily. I got it. The movie is long because it forces you to empathize with how their life is a long unbearable waiting. I got that at 4x speed, thank you. There's a great many long movies, longer than this one, which I love and don't feel the length unnecessary at all. I suppose every scene here is \\"telling,\\" but please, respect your audience. Give your audience more credit for picking up the nuances without having to make them stare at each one ten minutes at a time. Every little moment is not all that profound just because it is filmed well. The best way to say it is, it was overindulgent in the situation. The cutting room floor does have it valid purposes.    I can only give this movie three stars simply because of the unbearable pace. Otherwise, everything else about it might have made it to 5, at least 4 stars. The boy did deserve his best actor award. I'll get a lot of negative ratings for this review. You always get many negative ratings of your review when you have something not particularly nice to say about a well made movie which a lot of people say they love. I suppose a lot of people think this movie is perfect. Is that true, or are you not being perfectly honest? The length experience is probably very subjective. I can say I watched a very good memorable film with lots of good memorable images and scenes, but it was so so very unnecessarily long in the watching. It's a bit of a paradox for me that way, but you have to be truthful in your reviews. It's a recommendable film, but with a huge warning--it's only for the most patient among us. Guess I didn't qualify.    After you watch the film, do an online search for \\"Affair of the four abandoned children of Sugamo\\" which will turn up accounts of the real story the movie is \\"based on.\\" The real story is a much grimmer reality than what this film depicts. That fact is quite revealing about the movie maker and his intentions. The disparity between the real story and the movie's story raises the question of when you can actually claim, \\"based on a true story.\\" It'd be better to say something like, the idea was inspired by a true story, but apart from that, it's actually an entirely fictional creation with no intention of actually depicting the true story. The movie maker's made up world is a fundamentally different world created for his own purposes. Don't watch this film believing that it's documenting a true story. It's not. You can probably say that about maybe 95%--or probably more--of movies \\"based on a true story.\\" History and entertainment are two practices that should, necessarily, always be in complete conflict with each other. Each has its own path upon which the other will not long happily tread since each has entirely different essential goals.
0761536434|5.0|This book is absolutely great.  The author clearly loves the golden age of the arcade era.  Very well written, a lot of neat insights especially regarding Atari.  I simply could not put this book down.  The best video game/arcade retrospective ever written.
B000NVIXFK|4.0|I've been a Rush fan since Moving Pictures came out.  I'm really a bigger fan of their early material but they haven't really ever put out a bad album in my opinion.  I admit I'm lax on the last few years as frankly I feel the albums have fallen into a pattern or formula.  This album is no different.<br /><br />The production values and recording quality are of course as good as can be made today.  They've always been the best quality.  The laying of instruments on this album is just incredible.  They have really gotten much better over the years at this and for the life of me I don't know how they could hope to pull it off live without a backing track.  This I feel actually hurts them live and they are about as good as it gets live.<br /><br />That being said, the songs in this album are good and a couple are great feats of song writing and recording engineering, first track for one.  Past that the album still sounds like the last 10 years of Rush, probably 20.  I'm getting to  old to remember but to me basically Signals marks the point where they started doing formula albums.<br /><br />This is a very good album for the late Rush era and a great testament to music in the modern \\"not worth hearing twice\\" industry we're now in.  Thank you big money for destroying art.<br /><br />I'm glad I bought it but I would suggest the latest Porcupine Tree album if you want to hear something fresh.
B000QFAJ7S|1.0|I really wanted to like this CD but I didn't enjoy it at all!  I love Kelly Clarkson and I think she has an awesome voice but this CD did NOTHING for me.  I really gave it a chance and listened to it twice but I won't be playing it again.
1400064287|4.0|This is a fun book, full of useful communication ideas.  If you are in marketing or communications there is likely little here that is new. However, for the general reader this is a clear, simple summary of techniques to help you get your points across. They have the traditional way to remember their seven major ideas: SUCCESS. For example, the first \\"S\\" is to keep it Simple.  This is actually better than it sounds because they drill down on the need to find your core message and they give you some ideas about how to do that.  You can pick it up at the airport and it is short enough to read crossing the country.
B00000JXVK|5.0|What more can I say? This is the seminal motorcycle video. It is funny, insightful and very much worth your money. You must have this video.
B000RG1FMO|1.0|Kanye is a sick man. He's insecure in his ways and now it's reflecting in his music.  He obviously was an outsider growing up and now he wants to have the last laugh when in fact no one is listening or even cares about him or his success. He's more concerned about being seen while his music is secondary. His vocal pitch comes off as arrogant and condescending making him PUFFY WEST. Yes, he's the new Puff Daddy. Kanye comes off as a diva that needs attention in order to survive. I can see him doing some harm to himself once he is considered as being a has been, which seems to be right around the corner.     He's a corny and cheesy lyricist and a narcissist. === HE IS BY NO STRETCH OF THE IMAGINATION THE GREAT J DILLA!!! === Kanye can't make a beat to save his life. This whole project sounds like the synthesizer on VAN HALEN'S \\"JUMP\\" and I wish Kanye would JUMP!!! This cd was made for teenage drunk and hot girls, not for hip hop heads. This cd is as soft as it gets and as hollow as it gets. Kanye didn't graduate; he got caught smoking in the boys' room. He should be expelled. His voice is antagonizing and his ability to chop up a sample is absent. There is no creativity with these samples. NONE.  Every sample is easily recognizable and the samples themselves aren't really great. He needs to dig in the crates a whole lot deeper. He should have let DJ Premiere produce this project. This is where Kanye ranks amongst the greater hip hop producers of all time.    1. J Dilla AKA Jay Dee  2. Madlib  3. Dr. Dre  4. DJ Premiere  5. Timbaland  6. The Bomb Squad  7. The Neptunes  8. Havoc of Mobb Deep  9. Organized Noize (formerly of Outkast)  10. Pete Rock   11. Just Blaze  12. 9th Wonder  13. DJ Quik    WOW! Kanye isn't even in the top 13! Is he Michael Jackson or PRINCE? Are you kidding me?!? How can he compare himself to those ICONS?!? What a vain and asinine statement! Common or Jay-Z need to pull this cat to the side and tell him to chill out on the feminine and childish outbursts. He's becoming a hated man by acting like a spoiled brat. KANYE'S GRADE IS INCOMPLETE...HE MUST ATTEND SUMMER SCHOOL.
0679809015|4.0|I too selected book primarily as it was an inexpensive book ( with good reviews) which helped meet a free shipping requirement ! what a gem.. Small yes, but my 14 month old son loves it !.The flaps are beautifully designed into the pictures and it is such a delight to see his face light up each time we lift a flap. .  Yes the flaps are a little snug, but we do it together.. I loosen them as he turns the page and he then thinks he is doing it all alone ! Its nice and small,  so its very transportable. I was looking for more of these... Zoo animals ???
B0002OERI0|5.0|With this album, Green Day evolved from a punk-wannabe not-so-serious group to a social-aware act.  Not only it has some real punk sound, they also explore some \\"symphonic\\" structure for a couple of songs.  This will satisfy old- and new-school punks everywhere.
B000002UZ1|5.0|My god, look at all the classic, utterly unique tunes here. Most bands would be thrilled to write and record maybe three like this. But dozens? Seems impossible, but here it is.<br />Yes, this and the red album should be single cds. But why not buy them, fit them onto one cd each, and then donate the originals to your local library?<br />Maybe some kid will find them and go, \\"Who are the Beatles? Is it better than the rap music I like?\\"<br />And you will have done a great service!<br />It's good to have the b-sides that didn't go on albums, and how can one live without the Strawberry Fields/Penny Lane single?<br />How many hours of happiness did these guys give us? Oh, trillions of hours and then some, I'd guess. Everyone everywhere knows and loves these songs.<br />As well they should. This is the very peak of pop music.
B00013F38K|5.0|This is amazingly accurate for being so old. Few people still realize, even after watching this series, that Shaolin was a Buddhist sect, not a fighting art. Their misconception is understandable as few people also realize that Buddhism in it's purest form is not even a religion but a philosophy. The Shaolin priests used martial arts mainly as a form of meditation, and secondarily as a form of self-defense. Shakyamuni Gautama Buddha was the son of a King of the Warrior Class, therefore there would be no doubt he was trained in all the martial arts of his day. There is no conflict or hypocrisy in preaching non-violence and defending yourself or others from harm when appropriate. The main problem with understanding Shaolin Kung Fu is that English is ambiguous and therefore violence can mean many different things, but in the case of Buddhism, there is no violence in the sense of serious intention to harm, because the intention is only to protect from harm and to turn an attackers moves against him so that they basically wind up hitting themselves everytime they try to hit the practitioner.    The Shaolin Buddhists were very disciplined because Kung Fu -- which means \\"hard work\\" in Chinese -- required lots of concentration, stamina, and balance. They called their particular type of hard work, \\"small thoughts\\" or Shaolin. Whereas in English we might say, \\"We took the lesson in small steps\\", the Chinese would say, \\"We took the lesson in small thoughts\\". The way of the Shaolin Buddhist had to be learned one small, easy-to-digest thought at a time. The way to enlightenment is not easy and not everyone is prepared to understand it. Many will try but few will make it...at least the first few reincarnations around.    The main problem with any depiction of Shaolin Kung Fu is that it was never done for show or to impress, as was done in this series. I think it is a flaw that can be overlooked so long as it provokes some individuals into learning more about the true ways of Shaolin Buddhism.
B00005ATQD|1.0|Watching this movie was like a bad dream.  Nicole Kidman acted and talked like she had been sniffing glue, and Tom Cruise was a bad fit in his doctor role.      I kept telling myself something is going to happen, it's gonna pick up.  Never did.  Skip it.
0143038419|5.0|I highly recommend this to friends, mostly women, but anyone who goes through changes in life.  All of us do.  What I appreciate most about this story is how Gilbert is unflinchingly real and raw with her internal emotions and dialogue.  I connected with several of her anguishes and questions.  While some call this self-indulgent, I believe it is a story of someone learning about themselves.  When we learn, about ourselves and others, we expand the world.  Thank you Ms. Gilbert, for your honesty.
B000QXDED6|4.0|Hi,    I have seen the movie before so it really is a good movie, hence me buying it.     I however have not recieved this order. I normally recieve my Amazon orders about 2 weeks after placement...    Please let me know if there is any problem with the order?    Regards,    Gavin
B000002UYZ|5.0|Let's face it: this music is so much more fun than anything we've heard from anyone in so long...if ever...<br />These many great, truly immortal tunes, in just a couple years? Almost unimaginable. I still love the first few singles; the lyrics are as basic as they get, but there's so much joy in the music. Pure ear candy.<br />It just gets better from there.<br />My Mom gave me these when they were released. My 7 year-old brain immediately grabbed onto She Loves You and Can't Buy Me Love and so many others; great melodies never die, and I still love all of these tunes.<br />It's a trip seeing how fast they progressed. From She Loves You to Eleanor Rigby in two years? Surreal.<br />Maybe not the greatest rock band ever, but beyond question the greatest rock songwriters ever, and maybe the best pop writers, period.<br />Thanks, Mom!
B000R4SMCW|3.0|What they were trying to do is set the thriller genre on its ears, but they didn't quite make it.  We start out knowing whodunit and why.  Ted Crawford (Hopkins) shot his young wife (Davidson) because he discovered she was having an affair with a younger man. Jennifer Crawford hovers in the hospital in a coma with a bullet lodged in her head.    Enter William Beachum (Ryan Gosling) an ambitious young Assistant District Attorney with an impressive 97% win record and a shiny new job with an uptown law firm.  State v. Crawford is Beachum's last case and he figures it's going to be an easy win.    Anything but, ignoring the old saw that \\"anyone who represents themselves has a fool for a client\\", Crawford fires his attorney and not only tries his own case, but Beachum as well.     The tables are turned and this time Beachum not only wants to win, he doesn't want to set a guilty man free.  The resulting story is an interesting character study, but only fast-paced near the end where a life is at stake.      The best part of this film was seeing Hopkins and Gosling face off.  I remember seeing \\"The Edge\\", which was a real thriller starring Hopkins and Alec Baldwin--two enemies who had to rely on each other to survive.  Only the grizzly bear seemed to intimidate Hopkins and he still won.  And that's pretty much how I have felt about any actor's encounter with the man.  Still, Gosling held his own, which makes him someone to watch.     \\"Fracture\\" is a film that I'd suggest viewing as a rental.  If you're a Hopkins fan, or love courtroom drama, this could be a keeper--but there are huge gaps in the center of the film that are slow.  Only Hopkins and Gosling saved this film from obscurity.
B0001UL7RY|3.0|I love that this cd is a little head bang, a little ballad, perfect for all my moods. Rock on Avril!
1594489505|5.0|This book is a page turner and makes you want to read it all in one sitting, but if you can break away and savor the experience do it because a story like this doesn't come around very often.    All I can say is - I hope Khaled Hosseini keeps writing!
B000002KAT|5.0|So much raw emotion and incomparable singing here.<br /><br />Apparently Van sat in a glass booth alone and played acoustic while singing, and the one-off band just followed along. If so, it's even more impressive, but then again Richard Davis' unbelievable bass performance is so free and pure that it almost has to be improvised.<br /><br />This is a song cycle that begs to be played over and over. Even the Vegas schmaltzy strings on Young Lovers somehow fit into the transcendant folk vibe. When Van gets down to it and sings his ass off (Beside You and Ballerina), I get the shivers, and have for decades now.<br /><br />Whatever x-factor is, Astral Weeks is soaked in it and dripping forever.<br /><br />One gets the feeling that Van was in the midst of some experiments here (\\"Slim Slow Slider, the horse you ride, is white as snow\\"; Madame George in general; the album as hymn to astral weeks in the mind? Many lyrics suggest it, and his wailing, unencumbered delivery indicates total release on various levels).<br /><br />However he got there, he got there, and listening to this album all the way through will get you there too. Every time.<br />AW and Moondance are his peaks, but whereas Moondance is a perfect pop record, this is a brand of soul that is uniquely Van's own, neither perfect nor needing to be. No one has ever recorded an album quite like Astral Weeks.<br /><br />Van made it to the top of the mountain a number of times, but this is as high as Van, or most any singer, ever got.
B000PY52EU|4.0|In the racist South, the last thing an African American man needs is to find a half-naked White woman out on the road behind his home.      Yet, that is exactly what bluesman Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) finds when he discovers Rae (Christina Ricci).  The bruises don't just cover her face, but they run deep as well. Rae's a childhood victim of sexual abuse, who sublimates her shame in nymphomania.  Laz is recovering from the ache of discovering his wife, Rose, has cheated on him--with his own brother.      After meeting, the two of them take on a journey of healing together that's harsh, but very real.  There's a tenderness in Jackson putting a chain leash on Rae til she can gain some control over her own feelings--and come to realize what they mean.  You want to cheer when Rae finally confronts her mother asking her--\\"Why did you let him do it?  When did you know?\\"      And Laz as well begins to learn to move on and heal his own wounds.  The differences in the two characters only highlights the fact that we all can begin again.     Jackson is one of those actors who totally loses me in his role.  He can move from the assured FBI agent in \\"Snakes on a Plane\\" to an old, poor bluesman in the blink of an eye.  His performance is so seamless you really don't see Jackson on the screen, but who he's portraying.     And Christina Ricci's part was amazing.  For the most part, she was semi-naked on film--yet her inner character was peeled back like the petals of a rose as she began to regain her dignity and cover her exterior.  This is not a role most Hollywood glam actresses would even want to try because it didn't cast her in a great light, but I think in the end she truly did triumph with her acting ability.      Very well done.  I'm not sure I would want to do more than rent the film as I did.  I would love to own the soundtrack, though!
0061122416|5.0|When I heard about this book from others it seemed a little good to be true. Books/movies are usually overrated by the time I get to them. But this novel lived up to it's hype. This may be because I read it in a time in my life when I needed a little inspiration. But mainly, it's an excellent book with a story that lifts the spirit. Paul Coelho really knows how to create characters you can relate to and root for. It is beautifully written and definitely inspirational. And it's so short you can finish it in no time. I highly recommend it.
B000P0J024|5.0|I had forgotten how good these guys were. When you put five outstanding guitar players and writers together in one room this is the great music they come up with. I just wish they had made more than this small number of songs. It is just great to sit back and listen to what wonderful songs they made.
B000OCXFCO|5.0|IT'S JUST MEGADETH!!!...  I'm a big fan of Megadeth, I have all their records, and everytime Megadeth edit a cd surprise me, this band sounds very good, I will always miss Nick Mensa, Joe Elliot and Marty Friedman, but you don't have to live in the past, I'm 34 years old and if David Mustaine still plays that guitar it's beause he is Megadeth, the heart of the band and he still have a lot to give, listen \\"Sleepwalker\\" to hear thouse beautiful riffs that only Mustaine can do, or listen the great new version of \\"A toute le monde\\" with Cristina Scabbia of Lacuna Coil, buy it if you're a fan or not, you won't be dissapointed, sorry for my english...
B00000G3I2|4.0|Everyone in the cast does a good job in this film, particularly Kevin Kline and Glenn Close as the couple who host a group of old friends for several nights after the death of another friend.  I had seen it years ago, then just again today and, though one might hear some whining now and then, it's not irritating.  The only thing I find intrusive on occasion is the soundtrack, which has great songs but tends to interrupt the narrative instead of to advance it.
0723257639|5.0|This is a wonderful collection of books for me to read to my grandchildren.  A real heirloom for me to pass down through the family.
B000AADYRQ|5.0|I love that Amazon has this \\"Listen to samples\\" of the cd's now so you know what you're getting.  I first heard about Death Cab for Cutie as an \\"O.C.\\" fan.  They are a great band and this is an awesome cd...there's little bit of everything...softer ballads, upbeat songs like Where Soul Meets Body.  It really is a GREAT Cd...if you don't believe me listen to Amazon's samples!!!  :)
B000002GQH|5.0|We were picking music to be played at our daughter's wedding.  \\"Lovely to See You\\" fits in perfectly with all the friends that will be attending, whom we have not seen in years.  Hearing this music again brings back great memories, and I still remember every word to every song.  A band that can combine a philharmonic orchestra with rock and roll, brings me to tears every time.  Excellent.
0563486430|4.0|This was a delightful Doctor Who story.  Well written and a quick read.  The author has a wonderful grasp of the characters.  The ancient Roman setting is presented in an accurate and believable manner and, as ever, The Doctor and Rose will find mischief any where.
0446698326|5.0|I can honestly say this is one of my favorite books (and I don't say that about many).  It made me laugh and cry but mostly cry.  It makes you think about love and life and the choices me make.  I would recommend this book to anyone.  It's a beautifully told story!!
B000UJ48O0|5.0|The OC is one of the best shows of recent years and I enjoyed watching every single episode! Lots of great moments and characters that really develop/grow throughout the seasons. This set is a must have!
B000EVQ5TK|4.0|If you are thinking about which version of Beautiful Intensions to get, get this one it has the added song First Day of my Life. Which is a great pop song.    My favorite is Next Best SuperStar...this album rocks so if your looking for some eclectic styles as found on Reasons, you won't. Rock songs and some ballads...but all good.    I personally like the range she did on Reasons, some horns some reggae...cool.    Worth the buy... thanks Melanie C.      Chris
1569242739|5.0|Amazing! So far I have made the Gingerbread and Vanilla cupcakes which were treated with rave reviews from my initally dubious friends/cupcake critics.  The vegan vanilla cupcakes are far superior to non vegan cupcake recipes- including the one from a famous cupcake bakery that cannot be named(rhymes with Pagnolia)  If you love your cupcakes buy this book whether you are vegan or not-  nothing is better than delicious AND cruelty free cupcakes!
0689859368|5.0|This is a fun book and a quick read, the first in the Spiderwick Chronicles.  As a new family moves into a creepy old house, the children discover that hidden rooms and strange creatures abound.  I liked how this book portrayed one character, Jared, as he is trying to deal with the recent divorce of his parents.  In a rather simple book and storyline, this dimension adds some depth.  Though his siblings aren't as disturbed by the new family changes as he is, Jared has begun to act out at school, forcing the family's move to the country.  I am excited to see his growth through the rest of the books.  On the other hand, I wish that the reader could see more of the mother, who only seems to appear to yell at the children when they are getting into mischief.  The authors resisted painting her as an overbearing adult, though, which can be refreshing in children's books.  This was a fun read, though, short as it is, it might be nice to have the whole series published in one book!<br /><br />Positive Themes:<br />* Children learning to deal with family changes<br />* Encourages imagination<br /><br />Objectionable Content:<br />* Divorce<br />* Some mildly creepy parts<br />* Magical creatures<br /><br />My Recommendations:<br />Readers would enjoy the rest of the Spiderwick Chronicles, and its new sequel series, Beyond the Spiderwick Chronicles.  Also try [[ASIN:0439678137 Gregor The Overlander]] by Suzanne Collins.<br /><br />Audience:<br />* Middle Readers (Grades 4-7)<br /><br />Bookmom - Get involved in your child's reading!
1596912855|5.0|This was a refreshing quick read with a new twist.  If you're a fan of Jane Austen you'll enjoy this one.  Lots of references to past stories in a real life version.  I couldn't put it down and read it in one day!  Nice plot idea!
B000JIHP88|4.0|we love this item, but i'll be better to have A/C power and battery options, battery runs fast if chose lights too. Thanks
0743277457|5.0|As a trial attorney the sense of free fall and coping with moment to moment split second decisions and actions is very familiar and this author captures that reality completely and then gives excellent ideas for coping with the life style as you live it. Ultimately he decided to move on with his life but the truth still stands and the reader who needs his insights will be thankful to have shared them. JPM
B00005JLCI|5.0|To be happy or not to be happy... Of course I'm happy. This movie is amazingly incredible. I've waited 10 years to have it!!!! It's cast, it's music, it's scenario, it's costumes... All is \\"hamletly\\" PERFECT!!!! IT'S A MUST!!!! YOU MUST BUY IT IF YOU FANCY SHAKESPEARE!!!! IF YOU DON'T KNOW NOTHING ABOUT SHAKESPEARE START WITH THIS MOVIE!!! IT'S DELIGHTFUL, IT'S DELICIOUS, IT'S DELOVELY!!!!
B000BFH2S2|4.0|I like this concert very much. Especialy I enjoyed all arrangements for Big band and orchestra. And also all new musicians who played all show very enthusiastic.Great performance!
B000SO7OMA|5.0|TRULY A GREAT PURCHASE,IF YOU LIKE LOREENA, YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS ALBUM. SHE IS AT HER FINEST WITH BEAUTIFUL SONGS AND OUTSTANDING MUSICIANS. A MUST TO HEAR AND HAVE.
B00004XMTJ|5.0|Our two year old loves this musical and watches it over and over again. He has practically memorized all of the moves and dances along with it. The music is enjoyable.
B000I5X824|3.0|I was really disappointed that Fade was not included on the CD.  That was one of their biggest hits.  Perhaps the band doesn't like that track as much.  It would have been a stronger effort with Fade.
1594489505|5.0|Simply an amazing book.  I was not sure he could do better than Kite Runner but he did!  While you instatnly fall in love with the characters, this books tears your heart apart from beginning to end.  It is a must read that will stay with you for a long long time.
B000007MVD|5.0|Look at the cover!  Paul's out of step with the others!  He was already dead before they ever came to America!
075640407X|5.0|If you are fan of High Fantasy, you need to add this one to your reading list. This first book will hook, line and sinker you, and covers practically all the major themes of good literature and what makes a great book. Some of the few detractors out there need to realize; even though that this is \\"book 1\\" it is a WHOLE story that has already been written. AND (like Lord of the Rings)was broken up into a trilogy by the publisher(publishing IS a business afterall), not the author.
B000E5KJD4|4.0|This disc is a must for anyone who has recently purchased High Definition for their home - particularly projection.      Reasons:    1.  The costumes are stunning.  Colors are vibrant and the detail is a feast for the eyes.    2.  The cinematography is takes you through gritty black+white and transforms into full color - very much like Wizard of Oz when Dorothy opens the door after the twister lands the farmhouse on Oz.  The effect is riveting.    3.  It's a great story - one that you could show to both an adult crowd, date movie, or the whole family.  The faint sound you are now hearing is that of Walt Disney turning in his grave.    4.  The soundtrack is ingrained in our collective lexicon, and the performances, enhanced by the latest technology would make it simply if the projector were turned off.    5.  The movie's not perfect, but if you have a home theater this disc is not one to be missed.  This will really show it off.
B00004R99F|4.0|A great movie but one serious flaw: It is not available in the original wide-screen format.
B0002A2WDQ|4.0|Macchio is a young classic guitar player, but he also loves blues. His search for the best blues tune gets him in touch with the Devil... You should find how and why, and also how can he (if) can get out of this.
0312330537|4.0|What's not to love about this book? Well, it took me a while to read it. I'm one of those types that can typically read an average page turner in a day or two at most. This one took all of a week, and I wish I could find more like it.    It's almost an epic, almost a tragedy, and almost a journey in ethics and philosophy. Its almost a romance, but not in a typical sense of one on one romance; more like, a romance on life and living. Its prose is compelling - something you can fall in love with. It's a study in characterization. It's just about everything you could possibly want in a novel, and I'm at a loss to discover what it lacks. It's so much of just about everything.    From an autobiographical POV, it's splendid.    What engaged me the most were the characters. They're the kind of people you can fall in love with, or despise in some cases. But no matter what, they're people you can see and feel as they leap off the pages into your lap as you read. If you love characters and want depth, this is the book for you. From the first line, this book is engaging. I loved it.    E Ironside
B000J3EEBY|5.0|I have always been a fan of Loreena McKennitt's and have long awaited this CD release and can say that I was not disappointed. It sounds quite similar to her last release, Book of Secrets, but is a CD unto itself with new sounds and new stories. As McKennitt herself put it at the concert promoting this CD it is a continuation of the journey and one worth owning. As a side note for any fan that enjoys her music and this CD it's even better live, so if the chance arises go and see her.
B000RZIGUY|5.0|Very complicated plot but the story keeps the \\"good\\" and \\"bad\\" faces reasonably straight. It held my interest. The special effects were excellent. The character development was also excellent for each \\"face\\".  I recommend this movie.
B00003CXC7|5.0|If anyone has not seen this movie let alone own it GO RENT IT NOW.  But if you are a big movie buff and lover like I am YOU HAVE TO ADD IT TO YOUR COLLECTION.  The story is a little perverted and weird but it get interesting.  Grace Kelly once again looks gorgeous(she was alo in To Catch A Thief with Cary Grant)and I actually saw the real CHANEL black/white gown she wore at an exhibit.  James Stewart was much better in this than Vertigo.  I didn't like Vertigo so much.  Do you notice how Hitchcock uses Blondes?  Kim Novak(she was a natural brunette) was in Vertigo with Stewart.  Raymond Burr was very good as the murdering husband.  YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE AND OWN IT IN YOUR COLLECTION.
0575077859|5.0|I didn't know anything about this book when I took it off the shelf. I grabbed it based on the cover.  I read through a bit of the first page and about the book and it sounded interesting.    Wonderful book that left me wanting more at the end.  That last chapter was  was fantastic. I reread it twice.  I want read it again, right now, in work as I type this review.    The characters and dialog make it a good read all the way through.
0307346609|5.0|Brad Pitt's production company has bought the rights to this book but how he plans on doing the individual stories justice I don't know. This book impressed the hell outta me. It was so well done in the mock-u-mentary style  that it had me planning on boarding up the windows if I ever saw someone even slightly limping thru my yard! It had great ideas if you have your zombie survival kit ready and at hand just waiting for the zed's to rise.
0740748475|5.0|Got this as a gift for my wife on her b'day, C&H are her fav comics. she loved it !!! Cant go wrong with C&H.<br /><br />I am a fan of pearls before swine tho' :D
0446691437|5.0|A friend of mine reccommended this book and I am glad he did.  I am a writer at heart even though I never knew I was, this book gave me the courage to start writing and overcome the resistance he talks about.  No matter what your resistance is you can get some great methods and insights from Pressfield.  Put it this way, I am a note taker and highlighter with post-it flags, this book has dozens protruding through the edges!
B00006LHYC|4.0|I'm partial to Laura's Italian stuff and didn't realize that this particular album is all in English - but she still has a great voice. Even though it is not in her native language, I would encourage any fan of Laura Puasini to not let this album pass by.
B000NVIGC0|5.0|This is Wilco at it's best!  I can't get enough of this CD.  The sound is great!  The songs are emotional, but not too sad.  They evoke many human emotions of love, loss, and hope...but especially hope.  Love it!
B000OY8NII|5.0|The first season of Eureka was great, I liked all the characters and how they developed.  As a fan of Sci Fi, this program was very refreshing with it's many humorous plots.  The show is oddly touching at times too.     While the second season of this series isn't out as of this writing, I have seen some of the episodes.  Don't expect the second series to follow the first.  They take some of the characters in completely unexpected directions, which hooked me even more.     If you liked Wonderfalls you will probably like this show.
0312323867|4.0|I really enjoyed this book alot more than I thought I would. I picked up the first installation \\"Something Borrowed\\" while being delayed at the airport. I enjoyed that book so much that I thought I might like this one. Which I have to say is pretty good. It basically is a continuation of the first one and a different viewpoint on what occured in the first book. The story of 2 friends who are as different as 1 can imagine but find themselves in a love triangle with the same man. \\"Something Blue\\" is the story of what follows. I would recommend both books to anyone who likes books about friendship and love.
B00008BXJG|5.0|This was the first rock album I ever listen to back in the late 70's.<br />This album changed my out look on music all together, as I've gotten older I've gone more metal like MEGADETH and SLAYER.<br />I still listen to this album from time to time, this album will always be one of my favorites!!<br />If you are a fan of AC/DC this album is a must have!!<br />I rate this CD a 5 of 5 stars!!
0898159156|5.0|Zeer goed boek,    Het boek is zeer overzichtelijk geschreven, al de bekende en minder bekende soorten zijn in het boek beschreven.  Maar het leukste aan het boek vind ik dat er bij elke plantengroep ook een beschrijving is over hoe je de soort het beste kan verzorgen en vermenigvuldigen.  Ook belangrijk vind ik dat het voor mensen wiens moedertaal niet engels is zeer eenvoudig te lezen en verstaan is    ik heb het boek met veel plezier gelezen!
B0002EXH5O|5.0|I'm not doing the review on the remaster of the album, I'm doing on the album.<br />I forgot how much I love this album, my all time favorite speed metal album.<br /><br />HANGAR 18  10/10<br />TAKE NO PRISONERS  10/10<br />FIVE MAGICS  9/10<br />RUST IN PEACE...POLARIS  10/10<br />HOLY WARS...THE PUNISHMENT DUE  10/10<br /><br />These are the top 5 songs I recommend on this album.<br />Don't get me wrong the whole album is good, but these are my favorite.<br />DAVE & MARTY were a great team on this album, this is the best guitar playing on a album from MEGADETH.<br />And the drums sound like they're about to explode out from the speakers.<br />DAVE's Vocals sounds pissed off as usual, be ready cause THE PUNISHMENT IS DUE!!<br />I rate this CD a 5 of 5 stars!!
B000VHMDZW|4.0|A really beautiful album. There's not much more to say, except that Adams delivers in a manner that I haven't heard since Whiskeytown's second LP a decade ago.
B000A7Q2DM|5.0|This is my first exposure to this group. A friend recommended I check out the song \\"A Beautiful Lie\\".  I did and loved it.  It's an amazing song. He suggested \\"From Yesterday\\".  Also a great song.  I then went ahead and purchased the whole album.  There isn't a single song I don't like.  I don't know why these guys aren't huger in the industry.  It's great music, great lyrics, and really powerful vocals.
B000SQJ27I|4.0|This review is for those of you who don't know Manu Chao.<br /><br />Manu is a 40+ year old world musician, who primarily sings in French and Spanish, but uses Catalan, Eastern European, and Middle Eastern tunes & rhythms in his music.<br /><br />This album, \\"La Radiolina\\" is currently a huge sensation in Europe, primarily because it pays homage to so many varied European styles all on one album. Its great that he's slowly catching on within the United States, because this is another world musician (alongside Susheela Raman) who is huge in Europe but virtually unknown here. In France, this CD played tug of war for the No. 1 spot on the charts (it finally lost to Vanessa Paradis' incredible new CD \\"Divinidylle\\").<br /><br />There are a few tracks worthy of mention. Prime amongst them are : \\"Panik Panik\\", \\"Otro Mundo\\", and \\"Piccola Radiolina\\" (which is more of an interlude, but what an amazing one it is!). I especially liked \\"Y Ahora Que?\\" and \\"Siberia\\". Manu's strength is fusion music, and he does it seamlessly over here. Some tracks just have a tune and rhythm but no vocal. Again, this works to his advantage. For years, Manu Chao used to cruise on his good looks to sell his albums - although he was talented. Its great to see that as he gets older, he's investing more thought and preparation into his music. This CD is his best yet.<br /><br />Heres the thing - this album is severely underrated and unknown within the US. If you're a true lover of world fusion music, get this now. Its unlikely to be topped this year.<br /><br />Also, if you liked this, do check out \\"33 1/3\\" by Susheela Raman, \\"Vol 2 : Release\\" by Afro Celt Sound System, and \\"Gold\\" by Noa. All three are essential world music albums you need to have in your collection.
B000LC4CVA|1.0|I love Celtic women, and in good faith ordered three directly from Amazon to give as Christmas gifts this year. I ordered one for myself and thank Gawd I did not wrap any of them or send them blindly because the one I opened was completely blank - I tested the others and they were completely blank CDs, void of any music. I am really upset about it because I may have easily just stored them until December and then sent them out to people I love - who may or may not have let me know they were blanks. Amazon has not even followed up with me on this, and may well be using the same vendor. BE CAREFUL IF YOU ORDER CDS FOR FRIENDS AND LOVED ONES - TEST ATLEAST ONE FIRST!!!
B000FP2OPY|4.0|I really think that this is the gayest show on television right now.<br /><br />There is even a video homage on Youtube that dwells on the un-subtle sexual tension between lead actors Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles. I don't know if this is true, but when I watched the Special Features (a documentary entitled \\"A Day with Jared and Jensen\\"), it was clear that both the actors had eyes for no one but each other. They hold hands, go piggy-back riding, look fondly into each others' eyes, and finish each others' sentences. Sorry, but I don't remember doing things like this with my best friend - I only did these things with the person I was in a relationship with. Watch the Special Features section just for this - the sexual tension between both actors is so palpable, it would take only the most stoic of fans not to acknowledge it.<br /><br />The show itself is a fine effort. The brothers, Sam and Dean, along with their father, go from town to town facing increasingly macabre and frightful demons and monsters. Some episodes are quite convoluted and a mess (the `vampire' one, especially), and also the one where they're trapped in a mental asylum and go crazy themselves. Some of the supposed-to-be scary monsters aren't very scary either, which I found a huge turn-off. However, the smart writing, and the boys' tumultuous relationship with their never-present father is a great storyline, and these emotions were very well acted out.<br /><br />A Hollywood source on a Jared fansite states that the two actors who play brothers are in fact in a real life relationship with each other. Seriously, I couldn't care less, but even before I knew this, I was struck with the very homoerotic undertones to the entire series. The actors play the brothers more like jilted lovers who run back to each other after they have a fight, and Jensen Ackles' body language in particular should be seen to be believed. If there was ever an actor who was `into' a fellow actor, Jensen is the one. I seriously think they should have slapped on a few kissing scenes to get it over with.<br /><br />Not everyone would share my opinion in this review, but I do think that the love affair between the lead actors leads to some fine chemistry. The documentary only proves this. On screen, it translates to some great timing and in-sync acting from both. Jared Padalecki in particular is especially good when he has dialogue with Jensen Ackles. At other times he looks a little lost and directionless. In fact, the producers' attempts to pair these actors off with women in some of the episodes look very `forced'. And their heterosexual romantic scenes here are not very interesting.<br /><br />Its funny, because I got this thinking it to be a fine horror/mystery type television show, but its one big gay lovefest. Not that that's a bad thing, its just that I didn't expect it. I just hope that they tone down the homoerotic overtones in Season 2 because seriously it was inappropriate considering the two leads in love are playing brothers.<br /><br />Three Stars.ve slapped on a few kissing scenes to get it over with.    Not everyone would share my opinion in this review, but I do think that the love affair between the lead actors leads to some fine chemistry. The documentary only proves this. On screen, it translates to some great timing and in-sync acting from both. Jared Padalecki in particular is especially good when he has dialogue with Jensen Ackles. At other times he looks a little lost and directionless. In fact, the producers' attempts to pair these actors off with women in some of the episodes look very `forced'. And their heterosexual romantic scenes here are not very interesting.     Its funny, because I got this thinking it to be a fine horror/mystery type television show, but its one big gay lovefest. Not that that's a bad thing, its just that I didn't expect it. I just hope that they tone down the homoerotic overtones in Season 2 because seriously it was inappropriate considering the two leads in love are playing brothers.    Three Stars.
B000NA2BEU|5.0|Veronica is really one of a kind. The setting is during her high school and college years.  A great detective she is. and she helps everyone who needs her help.  The next season is coming out soon. and I definitely waiting for it.  Thanks Veronica.
0780622650|5.0|First of all, I am a huge fan of anything sci-fi. That said, chances are that if you liked \\"Serenity\\" and \\"Firefly\\", and if you could imagine those movies/shows with a lot more humor and camp, then \\"Lost in Space\\" is the movie for you. I had never seen the TV Series as I wasn't born then, but the film is a delightful confection, one that you will surprisingly keep remembering days after you've seen it. This one is a panned film, with negative reviews all around, but for me it succeeded as pure sci-fi escapism and entertainment, and it surpassed my wildest imagination.<br /><br />William Hurt is good in anything, and he was great here as the father who loves his work more than his family. The dialogue, which most people found inane and juvenile, is certainly nothing to write home about, but its servicable. I would say that if they had a better screenwriter the film would have probably done better business all around.<br /><br />My only 'problem' with this film is the monkey-like alien that they suddenly introduced. They get this off a deserted space station in a hyper universe. The moneky names itself Blarp. Yes, you heard that right. The CGI on this is especially bad as it looks like it belongs in a much different, much less sophisticated film. If the monkey were removed, this would have been an even better film.<br /><br />Matt LeBlanc was 31 years old when he made this, and he has never looked better either before or since. I was quite surprised that Joey looked 'this good' because frankly looking at him today is a task. The same cannot be said of Heather Graham who has a very weakly written role. Mimi Rogers has the worst lines, as some sort of neglected housewife who just happens to be a pro at interplanetary travel. Whatever. This all worked for me, no matter how convoluted it sounds.<br /><br />The best way to watch this treat is to leave your brain at the door and take it for what it is. This is a fine slice of sci fi heaven, and definitely better than other more serious films of the genre like 'Red Planet'. And since this DVD is full of features, I'd suggest buying this as soon as you can (it went out of print officially in early 2007 - no idea when its going to be back).<br /><br />Five Stars. HUGELY entertaining, and I could watch this over and over.like 'Red Planet'. And since this DVD is full of features, I'd suggest buying this as soon as you can (it went out of print officially in early 2007 - no idea when its going to be back).    Five Stars. HUGELY entertaining, and I could watch this over and over.
6305882592|2.0|I was really disappointed in this CD.  It reminds me of the psychological happenings like in the sixties and seventies.  Cat Steven sings the songs through out the movie.  If you are looking for a Dark Comedy, this is the one.
B000QUCNP4|5.0|How incredible is this movie? As a huge fan of the serial killer movie genre, I was quite shocked that they got Jake Gyllenhaal to play the lead here (he was great in \\"Donnie Darko\\" but that's the only time I really found his acting believable), but consider that the ensemble piece has Robert Downey Jr and Chloe Sevigny. This is a masterpiece of movie-making, and yes, it IS three hours long, so do be advised before getting engrossed in it.<br /><br />\\"Zodiac\\" is in many ways better than the film it is often compared to - \\"Se7en\\". That Brad Pitt film had everything going for it, but it was still far too mainstream and commercial for my liking. \\"Zodiac\\" corrects that. This is like watching an independent film unfold - slow, languid pacing often builds up to rushes and intelligent plot developments. Real Life events and situations are narrated with precision and clarity. This was especially difficult to do, I am sure, since the entire Zodiac case was too complicated and convoluted in real life, there was no way they could fit all of it into a three hour film and still make sense of it. Still, they achieve the impossible here.<br /><br />Words cannot describe the amazing direction of this film. The actual serial killer scenes are perhaps the most affecting - I can only imagine the amount of research that went into it. Then there are the scenes where the cartoonist (Gyllenhaal) begins to decipher the codes, leading him to a lifetime obsession with the case. The timeline of the film begins in the 1960s and reaches way into the 1980s.<br /><br />Dear Reader, do not be dissuaded by the running time, or the middle of the road reviews here. I call this movie what it is : a masterpiece. In fact, the day I watched it, I was under a cloud of fever, really sick and hacking away, but I went to the movie anyway. When it finished, my symptoms had vanished and I had never felt better. In fact, my interest in all things Zodiac were rekindled and I could perceive things with far more clarity than before. For fans of the crime genre, this particular killer has been of huge interest to us for years, and to watch his story brought to the screen with such love and devotion to the craft of film-making is a welcome gift indeed.<br /><br />Lastly, a word about Jake Gyllenhaal. This is not the most striking man around, nor the best actor, but its his everyday normality that makes him the perfect fit for the role here. Of special note is Downey Jr's amazing performance - this man needs to be nominated for an Oscar. And what about Chloe Sevigny? This woman is luminous in almost anything, and her act as the bookish nerdy housewife here should win her major accolades. In fact, if this is shut out at Awards season it would be a travesty. This has OSCAR written all over it. Amazing, amazing movie.<br /><br />Five Stars. At last a crime thriller with class, sophistication, and worthy of every cent of the hype.r fans of the crime genre, this particular killer has been of huge interest to us for years, and to watch his story brought to the screen with such love and devotion to the craft of film-making is a welcome gift indeed.    Lastly, a word about Jake Gyllenhaal. This is not the most striking man around, nor the best actor, but its his everyday normality that makes him the perfect fit for the role here. Of special note is Downey Jr's amazing performance - this man needs to be nominated for an Oscar. And what about Chloe Sevigny? This woman is luminous in almost anything, and her act as the bookish nerdy housewife here should win her major accolades. In fact, if this is shut out at Awards season it would be a travesty. This has OSCAR written all over it. Amazing, amazing movie.    Five Stars. At last a crime thriller with class, sophistication, and worthy of every cent of the hype.
B000067FP8|4.0|Doesn't have quite the mood or atmosphere of the first one but it is still a lot of fun and Gizmo's animimatronics are better than the first one.
B00005JOFQ|5.0|Wow. This is a film about two people who honestly do love each other. Does such love still exist in the world? Ennis and Jack's story proves that you don't need to be married to the person you love, and you don't even have to see them everyday to still be in love with them. Their story elevates love to a whole new level, and the sexual aspect of it becomes secondary.<br /><br />This is the sort of pure and divine love story that I wish Schools would show their kids to teach them about real life. The world would be a much better place if kids watched things like this growing up - they would certainly be more grounded individuals and more true to their hearts. Its about time we all woke up and recognized this film for the pure slice of heaven it is.
B000UR366S|4.0|I was very excited to learn a new Joni Mitchell album was due to drop in a matter of weeks.  Even more intrigued to learn she was releasing it on Starbucks \\"Hear Music\\" label.  And, after listening to it in its entirety a few times this past weekend, I have to agree with Amazon's review in that Shine \\"[will] register as a fans only milestone\\".<br /><br />I hear a few cuts that could ultimately receive some radio play, but I don't anticipate it receiving much.  Please don't get me wrong here, I am most certainly a fan, and I will purchase ANY album of new music that Joni graces us with.  But did it rekindle ecstatic memories of discovering the intricacies of albums such as Blue or Court and Spark or Ladies of the Canyon?  Not so much for me.<br /><br />Her intricate compositions and melodies are there, her gifted lyrics are there too.  But somehow I kept coming back to feeling I was glad to have another entry in my Joni Mitchell catalog and discography than I was to purchasing a new Joni album that was going to spend a LONG time in my home system or in my car.<br /><br />I also must say that I'm a huge fan of Joni's work from the 80's and 90's, which many disagree with me on.  Wild Things Run Fast, Dog Eat Dog, Chalk Mark In A Rainstorm, Night Ride Home, Turbulent Indigo, etc.  There was something about the production, tighter guitars, beefier drums, more keyboards and synths and samplers that did additional justice to her music for me personally and I miss that.<br /><br />With that said, there are a few standout tunes on this album, such as \\"If I had A Heart\\", \\"Shine\\", \\"If\\" and \\"Hana\\", in that order.  I felt these were the strongest tracks, or at least for me, which stood out from the rest on this album.  As a musician myself, I have always been enthralled with Joni's work - the sanguine and the depressing intertwined to play out metaphors that were very visual to me.  Her amazing ability to sing melody lines I couldn't even conceive of in my head or behind my instrument; the mix of folk and jazz song structures and timing signatures that at times left me breathless; and in the 80's and early 90's, the amazing production assisted by Larry Klein, Benjamin Orr, and Thomas Dolby.<br /><br />This album is an excellent production, and Joni seems to be concentrating more on piano than guitar on this release.  There is other instrumentation such as pedal steel [which has never been a favorite of mine] as well as sax and percussion and very limited drums.<br /><br />While this album may not be destined to become a favorite of mine personally, it deserves a place in every fans collection.  Her voice aged like fine wine, her mind sharp as she voices confusion and resignation over what man has done to this planet.<br /><br />Joni is someone I'd love to sit on the patio with, drinking espressos, smoking cigarettes and talking for hours.  Hopefully though, we could listen to cuts from Dog Eat Dog or Chalk Mark in a Rainstorm as background as opposed to cuts from this album.  Notwithstanding, I still give it 4 stars, and it probably deserves 5.  But most of all, while not an instant favorite, my respect, admiration and allegiance has not diminished a single iota.  Respectfully submitted.jazz song structures and timing signatures that at times left me breathless; and in the 80's and early 90's, the amazing production assisted by Larry Klein, Benjamin Orr, and Thomas Dolby.    This album is an excellent production, and Joni seems to be concentrating more on piano than guitar on this release.  There is other instrumentation such as pedal steel [which has never been a favorite of mine] as well as sax and percussion and very limited drums.      While this album may not be destined to become a favorite of mine personally, it deserves a place in every fans collection.  Her voice aged like fine wine, her mind sharp as she voices confusion and resignation over what man has done to this planet.      Joni is someone I'd love to sit on the patio with, drinking espressos, smoking cigarettes and talking for hours.  Hopefully though, we could listen to cuts from Dog Eat Dog or Chalk Mark in a Rainstorm as background as opposed to cuts from this album.  Notwithstanding, I still give it 4 stars, and it probably deserves 5.  But most of all, while not an instant favorite, my respect, admiration and allegiance has not diminished a single iota.       Respectfully submitted.
1594489505|5.0|A well written, insightful, disturbing book I couldn't put down.  A must read for everyone in this day and age. The characters come alive and the lives they live are eye-opening horrors.  It enlightens the reader to oppression of women in the middle east and although it is a novel, it's factual in its essence.  If you don't read anything else this year, be sure to read this.  I bought the book and it's a keeper.
0060899220|5.0|I would have never thought to pick up this book... I actually would have never thought he took writing serious enough to write a book!  On TV, I love his style... his crass personality... and how his humility shines through when you least expect it!  This book is the exact same way!  My co worker let me read it and I have not been able to put it down.  Classically written ... personal and professional about the business without being all over the place... 5 STARS!
B00005JPD0|3.0|Deja Vu is a good Movie. I recomend it, if you like stuff about time travel, a good ending, and Denzel Washington you 'll like this movie. I only gave it three stars because it's not the kind of movie I would like to see over and over again.
B000TSUCAQ|3.0|May be a fun novelty for anyone under 10.  was expecting a bit more from this book.
074356619X|2.0|The fundamental message of \\"The Power of Positive Thinking\\" is lost in the silliness of the claims and presentation.  Good for a laugh.
0143038419|1.0|Despite a great title and a decent premise, this book is both disappointing and aggravating from beginning to end.  The author is self-absorbed and irritating, and her 'insights' into the people she meets and the places she goes are shallow and annoying.  The endless reflection on the horror of a marriage that didn't seem that horrible to me, and the quest for spirituality that has Gilbert chatting with God in India made finishing this book a torment.  Finding out that she got the book advance before heading out on her journey made total sense; the trip fit into the book proposal rather than the other way around.  The fact that her giant spiritual journey to learn how to be alone ends with her pairing up with a Brazilian expat was the final straw; I certainly don't believe she grew or learned anything at all about herself on this quest.  Get this book from the library if you have to read it; I'm seriously annoyed that I helped fund this venture by spending money on this drivel!
0307346609|5.0|I must begin this review by saying, I had no idea what to expect when I picked this book up!!  It was recommeded to me by a friend, that knew I'm a sucker for a good zombie story!  The subtitle of this book is \\"An Oral History of the Zombie War\\". And that's exactly the way it's written. A few years after the Zombie World War, a UN postwar Commission Report was written. The author (unnamed) was upset because the report he submitted was not the report that was presented. All the \\"human\\" element was removed. This book is a compilation of that human factor. Divided into sections detailing different aspects of the war, the author gives us a look at what happened through interviews with survivors. We learn a little about the initial outbreak of the Zombie epidemic that started in China and spread rapidly worldwide. We hear horror stories from survivors of the \\"great panic\\", and what each had to do in order to be telling the tale today. We learn about different countries and how they chose to turn the tide of the war. And we learn about heroes worldwide and how they stepped up to help their fellow man survive an attack like the world has never seen.<br /><br />It's hard to review this book, because there are no central characters, no plot lines, no big finishes. It is written as if it is a documentary, detailing events and people all the way down to little footnotes of \\"historical\\" fact. And it is indeed chilling. Early on, I had expected this to be a funny book, taking a stab at the paranormal genre. What else would you expect from the son of Mel Brooks, but something of a parody?? World War Z isn't like that at all. It is a well-thought-out and carefully plotted book, that goes into such detail, it's hard to believe World War Z is just fiction!! Each little \\"interview\\" tells it's own little story, and Brooks ties them up nicely in his presentation. Not too much drama, but just the facts. Brooks also throws in a lot of political references in how he perceives the world would change if such a catastrophe occurred. Can you imagine a world in which Cuba is the new commerce capital? And yet, he does it so smoothly and believably, it's really hard to see it as fiction! Kudos to Brooks for such a unique and down-right fascinating book!! If there ever IS a Zombie epidemic, I know who's doorstep I'm going to show up on!! Max Brooks can lead us to Victory!!nge if such a catastrophe occurred. Can you imagine a world in which Cuba is the new commerce capital? And yet, he does it so smoothly and believably, it's really hard to see it as fiction! Kudos to Brooks for such a unique and down-right fascinating book!! If there ever IS a Zombie epidemic, I know who's doorstep I'm going to show up on!! Max Brooks can lead us to Victory!!
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|This was a great movie.  This movie is what sold me on going back and checking out the Firefly television series that it is based on.  The movie has great dialogue and character development and breaks away from traditional sci-fi.  If you haven't seen it...why not?!  Go see it.  Even if you think you won't like it, you will!
B00009ZYC1|5.0|Great graphics, dialog and voices.  Great choice of Eddie Murphy and Mike Myers for Donkey and Shrek. The jokes were terrific. Extremely amusing.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This has to be one of the best sci-fi series of all time.  The strength is in the amazing character development and dialogue.  This is truly a sci-fi series suitable even for non sci-fi fans.  This is a don't miss!
B00008438V|4.0|It was one of my children's favorite movies. It is somewhat juvenile in outlook but it is fun.
B000AYEL6U|4.0|this movie is a must see! if you are ready for another elizabeth bennet and mr darcy love story, then you won't be disappointed! this movie is long(I must warn you) and it could have moved a bit faster.. BUT! on a cold rainy day, get out the hot chocolate, a warm blanket, and put the movie on! North and South is worth the purchase and worth seeing it... remember it's another pride and prejudice.
1878424602|3.0|Chopra is a master story teller and doctor by profession.  He presents traditional eastern religious views in most of his writings.  He hardly presents anything original.  If you really like to seek the truth from religious and scientific point of view, I will recommend: \\"Science, Religion & Spirituality\\" which is now available on Amazon.  Enjoy!
1400063515|2.0|I found this book highly entertaining. I love the way he writes, his sense humor. But I was very disappointed to see him press repeatedly his complete rejection of the Christian/Judeo understanding of the history of man, the history of God's plan for man's salvation.  Ok, he has not the gift of faith. That's ok, perhaps one day.  But when I purchase a book on the markets, economics, etc. I expect just that.  Not repeated remarks (page 100, 118, etc.) about the non-existence of miracles, how the human race is a mere accident.  Why should he be selling this ?  Why should I accept his assertions ?  On faith ?  He's a good man wrapped in a self-contradiction of skeptiscism.  I just wish his editor had filtered these things out from the final MS.
0553378384|5.0|I was sceptical at first, what could possibly be different than all the other books...boy was I surprised! I felt as if someone knew me so very well and that the book was written for me! I asked friends to read and it was also unbelievably accurate for them as well. This book came at the right time as my weaknesses were in black and white at the moment i needed them. Buy it, read it and be amazed...a true wonder.
B00005QGAT|5.0|Classic MJ breakthrough album, just cannot have enough of it, QJ interview   is a plus.  Listened to it 15 years ago, now it is even more tasteful.  Gets me going every single time.  Highly recommended.
0312323867|5.0|I've decided that this is my favorite book of all time....okay, that is after I read it's prequel, \\"Something Borrowed\\"....<br /><br />Both books are fantastic. Easy to read, easy to relate to. Not too descriptive, where some books outshine the characters and go on and on about the colors and smells... it's hilarious, but you could totally see yourself being one of the characters, if not a few of them. Personally, I related well with Rachel and had total disdain for Darcy. After I got to chapter 21 in \\"Something Blue\\", I knew I found my new best friend, Darcy to be very uplifting and real.<br /><br />Giffin's natural writing style made it so easy to flip page after page and I found myself calling my girlfriends begging them to buy all 3 books so they could relate as well. I am very impressed, and now find myself impatiently awaiting the arrival of her fourth book this coming year.
B00005JPUL|1.0|Where to begin...    When I sat down in the theater I thought this would be GOOD, though it Began with a scene from about halfway through the movie and backtracked.     It begins very well, with the space shuttle coming down the hard way and bringing some uninvited guests with it. I Also liked the idea of the gender reversal of the roles from the original.    Then...    I am going to give away a plot point here, so if you are desperate to see this film (Uhm IF that is the case, then maybe You ought to get out more) stop reading now.    Spoiler Alert:                      The reason they call this one \\"The Invasion\\"?    No \\"Body Snatching\\" ever really takes place!     Yesiree! What we have here friends is the Wimpifying of the SF/Horror culture (Much like Spiderman 2...) \\"Invasion\\" it is, without a pod person in sight, they \\"infect\\" you by vomiting into your drinks (among other things) and worse, due to the current \\"I like Everybody, don't you all like me\\" vibe going through most movies, the \\"invasion\\" is treated like a (n easily cured) virus - making it possible to reach the end and have (almost) everyone \\"Invaded\\" be all honky-dorey.    Suffice it to say, I felt cheated... If they Had to do it this way they could easily have gone back to the first movie or the book for a more upbeat ending.    Get any one of the first three.    This one, - pay Me and Maybe I'll take it off your hands for you.
B000VDDDY6|5.0|I'm waiting for Paramount's recent contract with HD-DVD to end and Blu-ray versions to appear before buying.  By then, hopefull they will have all three seasons out on Blu-ray.<br /><br />The other thing I wanted to point out is that many episodes of Star Trek used a blurring lens on them for a \\"romantic\\" look.  I doubt very much that sharpness will be any different than the last set on standard def. However, the color gamut and clean up of the negative should have a huge impact now that it's on hi-def.<br /><br />I own the last 3 color DVD set.  They are the last remastered version that's unadulterated. So for the purests, you need to get that version.
0894803123|4.0|The first time I tried a recipe out of this book, it was way too icy. The next time, I took the time to read the intro and all the technical information and the next batch of ice cream was way better. They tell you ways to make your ice cream more or less rich. I have only tried about 4 of the recipes but first time was the only time I was disappointed.
B000HEWEE4|3.0|Warning: SLIGHT Spoilers Ahead!!!<br /><br />The best part of the movie was the very end of it. For once, Sandra's character, who was a doctor at a local hospital is actually happy, and her and Keanu's character's souls are together! But does it only last 2 years and then he's killed? I was confused about that as well as a few other aspects of the movie.<br /><br />The movie itself was alright. I liked how two strangers wrote each other, taking their time to get to know each other, and ultimately feeling emotionally attached to each other by the end. I loved the emotional parts where Keanu's character pretty much lost it. Before that, he even admitted to his friend that she was, \\"The realest thing I know.\\"<br /><br />About 20 minutes or so afterwards, you see Sandra's character in tears because Keanu's brother informs him that he is dead. She rushes out of the office, down the steps and out into the city to find him. She eventually does (how, I don't know) and eventually, they are together. FINALLY.<br /><br />Would I re-watch this? Probably not. It wasn't exciting enough. But I did however like the part where Keanu and Sandra's characters met for the second time, and they were talking and stuff and ended up having to cover up a kiss they had when some girl who's into Keanu's character and Sandra's mate come back into the picture. Sandra makes up a lie something like, \\"He was telling me about the lake house...\\"<br /><br />LOL. You lyin' fool, you! :-)<br /><br />Worth watching, and at least renting if you're into modern \\"chick flicks\\".<br /><br />3.4 stars
0307277887|4.0|The book arrived in perfect condition in a timely manner, but just wasn't for me. It was interesting but I was expecting something a little different. However, if you like dry, macabre humor, this is the book for you!
B000Q6GUTI|2.0|The plot was boring, the characters were stale and the dialogue was nothing spectacular. It even had me snoring before the end. I had to pop it back in to watch this disaster piece from the beginning.<br /><br />Mark Wahlberg was hot as usual, but next time he should read the script before jumping into a movie such as this one!<br /><br />Not recommended and should be avoided!<br /><br />Rent something more exciting and relate-able, Perfect Stranger for the former and American Beauty for the latter.<br /><br /> 2 stars.
B000OLGCI4|5.0|Mary Poppins is considered by many to be Walt Disney's crowning achievement, combining almost everything he had developed in one movie, and rightly so. But after watching this new double-disc DVD release of THE JUNGLE BOOK, I think a case could be made that it also is the culmination of almost everything Walt and his studio developed in the field of animation.<br /><br />Now, The Jungle Book is not the most innovative, lavish, dazzling or detailed animated feature in the Disney library. It even has those \\"scritchy lines\\" that my brother and I used to dislike when the studio switched to Xeroxing cels in the 1960's. But like Poppins, no other animation studio could have produced a feature with the kind of character animation; storytelling and musical interweaving that Disney could in this film.<br /><br />There's a reason that the master animators and directors of today who you'll see interviewed on the second disc were influenced by The Jungle Book in their youth and used the animation as reference for their work. When I saw and heard the songs and story ideas that did not make their way into the film (and they are plentiful on this release) because Walt changed them, it will make you wonder how post-Walt movies might have been different had he lived to supervise them.<br /><br />I love good audio commentaries, and disc one has a nice one with composer Richard Sherman, animator Andreas Deja and voice of Mowgli Bruce Reitherman. Thanks to Mr. Sherman, I finally found out that George Sanders does not sing the last line of \\"That's What Friends Are For.\\" It's Bill Lee, whom Tim and I discuss at length in Mouse Tracks. (And speaking of records, the gallery contains a shot of a store display filled with Disneyland Jungle Book LP's.)<br /><br />Musically, you can hear seven songs Terry Gilkyson wrote for the earlier, \\"darker\\" version of The Jungle Book. It's fascinating stuff. One of the songs sound like it should have been in a Rankin/Bass special. And the original demo of \\"The Bare Necessities\\" is very different from the version we all know.<br /><br />We finally get to see what the \\"Rocky Rhino\\" sequence might have been like before Walt deleted it. It's also amazing to hear what \\"That's What Friends Are For\\" might have sounded like had The Beatles or the had either done the voices for the vultures or, after they declined, had Walt not changed his mind about having the vultures sing like them anyway. My feeling is that Walt was right about it being dated. An unintended example: Entertaining as The Jonas Brothers video is that also appears on this disc (from DisneyMania 5), if this young group actually sang \\"I Wan'na Be Like You\\" in the movie it would have the same era-specific pop music effect.<br /><br />Disney fans will want to glory in the fresh batch of special features on disc two. Detailed examinations of how the story evolved from Bill Peet's vision to Walt's, nods to the voice talents with anecdotes about them (how everyone thought Walt was crazy for considering Phil Harris for Baloo), and lots of new and archival footage of everyone involved. Frank Thomas, Ollie Johnston and Wollie Reitherman are especially showcased, with a special look at Wollie's son Bruce's career as a nature filmmaker with an affection glimpse of his relationship with his \\"Popper.\\"<br /><br />I can't think of any DVD release with such a touching exploration of the loss of Walt for the people he left behind at the studio, since this was the last animated feature with his personal involvement. In a section at the end of \\"The Making of The Jungle Book,\\" there's a lot of sincere sentiment from those that knew him, loved him and were influenced by him.different from the version we all know.    We finally get to see what the \\"Rocky Rhino\\" sequence might have been like before Walt deleted it. It's also amazing to hear what \\"That's What Friends Are For\\" might have sounded like had The Beatles or the had either done the voices for the vultures or, after they declined, had Walt not changed his mind about having the vultures sing like them anyway. My feeling is that Walt was right about it being dated. An unintended example: Entertaining as The Jonas Brothers video is that also appears on this disc (from DisneyMania 5), if this young group actually sang \\"I Wan'na Be Like You\\" in the movie it would have the same era-specific pop music effect.    Disney fans will want to glory in the fresh batch of special features on disc two. Detailed examinations of how the story evolved from Bill Peet's vision to Walt's, nods to the voice talents with anecdotes about them (how everyone thought Walt was crazy for considering Phil Harris for Baloo), and lots of new and archival footage of everyone involved. Frank Thomas, Ollie Johnston and Wollie Reitherman are especially showcased, with a special look at Wollie's son Bruce's career as a nature filmmaker with an affection glimpse of his relationship with his \\"Popper.\\"    I can't think of any DVD release with such a touching exploration of the loss of Walt for the people he left behind at the studio, since this was the last animated feature with his personal involvement. In a section at the end of \\"The Making of The Jungle Book,\\" there's a lot of sincere sentiment from those that knew him, loved him and were influenced by him.
B000QUCNP4|3.0|Jake Gyllenhaal and Robert Downey Jr. are both attractive actors so maybe you should watch it just to see them. But if I was to tell you that this movie was exciting and thought-provoking, I'd be lying through my Kool-Aid-stained teeth!<br /><br />It has a plot and follows it, and in the beginning it creates the illusion that this movie is gonna get good. And it does but they only serve it to you in small spurts.<br /><br />Eventually, Jake's character gets so hooked on this case and the Zodiac, the he starts heavily neglecting his family and their lives. But it could've been worse: he could've been an abusive drunk who every morning, noon and night, went upside his old lady's head. Thank goodness that that wasn't the case.<br /><br />Anyway, the movie has a few decent parts, takes a few interesting turns but ultimately leaves you bored. And they never find the killer either.<br /><br />3.5 stars.
0805079831|5.0|How did you feel on 9/12?<br /><br />So stunned you couldn't figure out a next move? Desperate for an explanation, any explanation? Filled with a desire for someone powerful to do something big --- or as New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman would later say about the invasion of Iraq, \\"What they needed to see was American boys and girls going house to house, from Basra to Baghdad, basically saying, `Which part of this sentence don't you understand?'\\"<br /><br />Most of the people I know in New York experienced all that. But only briefly. And then --- although our city got the worst of it --- we were flooded with empathy, eager to unite and help, and, above all, desperate to understand. Which is, I believe, why the book most bought --- and read, and discussed --- in my crowd in the weeks after 9/11 was Ahmed Rashid's \\"Taliban: Militant Islam, Oil and Fundamentalism in Central Asia.\\"<br /><br />Maybe you felt as my friends and I did.<br /><br />If so, Naomi Klein sends you congratulations --- you are likely to see through (and, later, resist) the business-take-all power grab that she says is the likely follow-up to any disaster, natural or political.<br /><br />If so, Naomi Klein warns you to be damn careful. If our government doesn't leave you to save yourself (as in New Orleans), an outsourced army like Blackwater might decide you're trouble and decide to re-educate or kill you (as in Iraq).<br /><br />Either way, if Klein is remotely right, you can pretty much kiss goodbye your fantasies of American \\"goodness\\" and \\"good will\\" and even \\"democracy\\" --- when the interests of an American corporation that's tight with the government are at stake, the usual rules don't apply. Terror, torture, mayhem, murder: The techniques are technicalities. All that counts: the triumph of business interests, a continued flow of money and power to the inner circle.<br /><br />And this will happen more and more, Klein says, if \\"disaster capitalism\\" --- that is, \\"orchestrated raids on the public sphere in the wake of catastrophe\\" --- continues to prevail.<br /><br />In her book, Klein asks how this happened. Her answer: an alternative history of the last 30 years. The tightly-reported, intensely-sourced story she tells is not unfamiliar to people outside America and to progressives here at home. Still, to see her connect the dots between Pinochet in Chile and Bremer in Iraq is dazzling and disturbing --- this book will be an eye-opener for some, a mind-closer for others.<br /><br />A cast of thousands sweeps through the 466 pages of her book, but only two men are key.<br /><br />One is the economist Milton Friedman.<br /><br />The other is Dr. Ewen Cameron, a Canadian psychiatrist.<br /><br />Even people who know almost nothing about economics have heard of Milton Friedman. He taught at the University of Chicago and influenced generations of students. He advised Presidents and world leaders. He won the Nobel Prize. When he died, in 2006, the obituaries were glowing.<br /><br />Friedman's big idea was free markets. He was beloved by conservatives not for his opposition to Marxism but for his rejection of Keynesian economic theory. Unlike Keynes's liberal disciples, he believed government should, if possible, never meddle with the economy. But Friedman's views were actually more complicated. \\"Only a crisis --- real or perceived --- produces real change,\\" he said. And he advised government leaders in Chile and England to do more than meddle; he urged them to use crisis to introduce radical political and economic re-engineering.<br /><br />Almost no one can identify Ewen Cameron, but in the 1950s, he did important research for the CIA. Using electroshock, LSD, sustained isolation and other techniques, he showed that he could inflict sufficient shock to a patient's brain to erase memory. And then he could build a new personality in its place.<br /><br />Klein's thesis in \\"The Shock Doctrine\\" is that exceedingly clever disciples of Friedman saw how Cameron's psychological techniques could be used on entire countries. Let's say a new government comes to power with an ardent pro-business agenda. Instead of changing policy one piece at a time in the hope that it can legislate significant change before anyone notices, new governments should trumpet their agenda. And then they should use whatever muscle is necessary to shock the population into cowed acceptance.<br /><br />Klein's no fool; she emphasizes that it's impossible to hold ideologues directly responsible for crimes committed by their followers. At the same time, like anyone with an overarching theory, she connects dots that are unrelated and ignores exceptions. My guess: Most readers will have trouble with her large perceptions:  In South America, the greatest supporters of \\"free market\\" capitalism have been dictators; in the United States, war profiteers are the government; in Iraq, Saddam's real crime was signing oil contracts with the Russians and negotiating with a French company. I suspect what readers will remember are the facts they've never encountered before.<br /><br />Samples:<br /><br />-- In 2001, there were two security-oriented lobbying firms in Washington. In 2006, there were 543.<br /><br />-- \\"Shock and Awe\\" was literal. In the 1991 Gulf War, the United States dispatched 300 cruise missiles in 5 weeks. In 2003, we fired off 380 in a single day. Between March 20 and May 3, we dropped 30,000 bombs and launched 20,000 cruise missiles --- 67% of the total number ever made.<br /><br />-- In Thailand, within 24 hours of the tsumani, some developers sent private security guards to fence in beach property they did not own so they could build luxury hotels there.<br /><br />-- In New Orleans, FEMA paid a contractor $175 a square foot to put tarp owned by FEMA on the roofs of houses. The workers who actually applied the tarp got $2 an hour.<br /><br />-- In the first year of deployment for Iraq, Donald Rumsfeld cut 55,000 jobs in the departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs.<br /><br />-- Lockheed Martin doesn't just build aircraft. It sorts our mail, cuts Social Security checks and counts the census --- it \\"writes more code than Microsoft.\\"<br /><br />One fact in particular jumps out: The Defense Authorization Act (2006) gives the president the power to declare martial law and use the Armed Forces and National Guard to restore order in the event of an emergency. What's new about that? Previously, the president only had that power in the event of insurrection. If you've got a paranoid imagination....<br /><br />A depressing book? Well, sometimes reality's a bummer. But the end is not at all doom-and-gloom. Around the world, Klein says, people are understanding how disaster capitalism works --- and fighting back. Obviously, she hopes her book will start that process here.<br /><br />[cross-posted from HeadButler.com]with an ardent pro-business agenda. Instead of changing policy one piece at a time in the hope that it can legislate significant change before anyone notices, new governments should trumpet their agenda. And then they should use whatever muscle is necessary to shock the population into cowed acceptance.     Klein's no fool; she emphasizes that it's impossible to hold ideologues directly responsible for crimes committed by their followers. At the same time, like anyone with an overarching theory, she connects dots that are unrelated and ignores exceptions. My guess: Most readers will have trouble with her large perceptions:  In South America, the greatest supporters of \\"free market\\" capitalism have been dictators; in the United States, war profiteers are the government; in Iraq, Saddam's real crime was signing oil contracts with the Russians and negotiating with a French company. I suspect what readers will remember are the facts they've never encountered before.    Samples:    -- In 2001, there were two security-oriented lobbying firms in Washington. In 2006, there were 543.    -- \\"Shock and Awe\\" was literal. In the 1991 Gulf War, the United States dispatched 300 cruise missiles in 5 weeks. In 2003, we fired off 380 in a single day. Between March 20 and May 3, we dropped 30,000 bombs and launched 20,000 cruise missiles --- 67% of the total number ever made.     -- In Thailand, within 24 hours of the tsumani, some developers sent private security guards to fence in beach property they did not own so they could build luxury hotels there.    -- In New Orleans, FEMA paid a contractor $175 a square foot to put tarp owned by FEMA on the roofs of houses. The workers who actually applied the tarp got $2 an hour.    -- In the first year of deployment for Iraq, Donald Rumsfeld cut 55,000 jobs in the departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs.    -- Lockheed Martin doesn't just build aircraft. It sorts our mail, cuts Social Security checks and counts the census --- it \\"writes more code than Microsoft.\\"    One fact in particular jumps out: The Defense Authorization Act (2006) gives the president the power to declare martial law and use the Armed Forces and National Guard to restore order in the event of an emergency. What's new about that? Previously, the president only had that power in the event of insurrection. If you've got a paranoid imagination....    A depressing book? Well, sometimes reality's a bummer. But the end is not at all doom-and-gloom. Around the world, Klein says, people are understanding how disaster capitalism works --- and fighting back. Obviously, she hopes her book will start that process here.     [cross-posted from HeadButler.com]
B00005JOHC|5.0|Just bought these for my husband.  He is a big fan of the show and is looking forward to seeing the shows he missed in the first season.
B00000JRTX|4.0|I have pretty much all of Hugh Grant's movies, so this one is another one in my collection.  It is not my absolute favorite, considering all his others and Love Actually being my all time favorite movie ever I think!  But this is definitely worth watching and owning if you like Hugh Grant.  It's mostly a story of a group of friends and events in their life with a subtle focus on Charles (Hugh Grant) and Carrie (Andie MacDowel), who seem to keep meeting each other at these seemingly unrelated events, but also seem to be falling for each other.  But there is a little twist in there that I'm not going to give away here.  You must watch it!  It is definitely a charming British film!
0394533054|4.0|Nihilism...existentialism...theory of the absurd...I don't which category this book technically falls into, all I can say is that it made me squirm. The protagonist of the novel was a very calm person, quite detached in fact, but ironically it is his calmness which unsettled me.     Is this what life really is all about? Does it have no meaning, no purpose? Are there no morals? No God? I don't know...I'll let the philosophers and thinkers debate that. I can't alter my beliefs now, but the book provided me a window into all the things which I don't believe in.     I would certainly recommend it to anyone and everyone.
B000MQC9H4|5.0|This is such a cute and well-crafted romantic movie--after renting it, I knew I needed to own it!  I put it right up there with Love Actually, so if you liked that, you will like this as well. Jude Law plays a very cute part and is gorgeous as always; Cameron Diaz also plays a great part and is a great actress.  I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by Kate Winslet and Jack Black.  Both played wonderful parts and Jack Black brought a depth to the movie that was very unexpected considering the parts he usually plays.  If I could give this 10 stars I would!  Buy it, you will not regret it!
B00008K7AM|3.0|I'd give this two stars really, though I stuck an extra one in for Rob Schneider's performance.<br /><br />Cheesy ancient treasure in modern times causing a 'body swap' between a middle aged man(criminal) and a high school girl(tramp).  Until the actual 'body swap' happens, you'll have to put up with about 30 nearly intolerable minutes of high school cheerleader crap, watching girls go to the mall and shop and act like the complete airheads they are supposed to be.  If you haven't turned it off by that point (it was a close thing for me) then it does actually start to get funny, once the 'accident' happens.<br /><br />This movie is a light hearted comedy that doesn't take it self at all seriously and can be amusing to watch in the same way that other Sandler/Schneider films have been.  Though I wouldn't consider it one of the better of the \\"Happy Madison\\" productions; its forgettable.
B00008NRI8|5.0|I pretty much own all of Hugh Grant's movies, so this is just another one in my collection, however it is a very cute romantic movie with Hugh providing his typical subtle little one-liners.  Sandra Bullock is another of my favorite actresses and the two of them have a wonderful chemistry together.  It's just a really great film and it's one that you want to just watch over and over.
B00005JO9J|5.0|I'm anti-TV.  I wont even get it hooked up to anything (power on = static); as in the past I've found very little to commend about television programming in general.<br /><br />So imagine my surprise to seeing a couple episodes of this show at a friends house and enjoying it enough to go seek out the box set.<br /><br />Grey's Anatomy is not a 'chick' show (my extremely anti-chick flick boyfriend also loves this series).  It is not a soap opera.  It is not a 'medical show' - while there is some technical stuff in it, you don't need an MD to understand what's going on.<br /><br />Grey's Anatomy is a show about people in the competitive medical field.  Their loves, fears, friendships.  The dialogue is clever, the comebacks are witty, and the characters are extremely lovable.  This series can make you laugh and cry more than once within the same episode.  Its incredibly good.  I was predisposed to DISLIKE this, and I ended up loving it.  Definitely worth a try ;)
B000053VAZ|5.0|Benny and Joon is one of my all time favorite movies. It is romantic without being sappy and the charecters are far from being a princess and a Knight in shinning armour. I love everything about it. The scene in the park is beautiful and Johnny Depp is simply suberb.  Aiden Quinn is excelent as Benny. He is decent guy who unfortunatly as to cope with a sister who is far from normal so how he handles regular society is sort of lacking.  All in all, on of the best off beat comedies of all time.
6304493681|5.0|\\"What is it to be human? How much of you could you replace with machine and still be human? How much humanity can we impress upon an AI and have it still remain non-human? Where do these two meet in the middle?\\"
B0000X61VE|5.0|This is an old exercise program. I've been using it for years. Now I bought the DVD because I don't own a VHS anymore. It has helped me throughout the years to tone and reduce inches when combined with a balanced diet. I know it works so I stick to it. It's challenging. I have to go bit by bit until I can do all the repetitions. I've purchased many exercise videos and DVD's but this one always does delivers.
B000UFAURI|2.0|I have been a hard core Foo fan since the beginning and I have to say that this album was a disappointment.  I was looking forward to some non-skin and bones stuff, but it seems that Dave wants to be a singer and not so much a rocker.  I would buy it again and it has some hard rockin tracks, but be prepared for the married with children Grohl sound too.
0156027321|5.0|Love all the literary elements in this story.  I especially love that this story can evoke so much conversation at a book club which is why I had the pleasure of reading it.  Highly recommended for a book club reading!!!
B000UR9TQO|5.0|To all the sheep who have written what amounts to the same review of this film I would say only this, go wash out your ears and listen to the soundtrack cd again.  The shows are Zeppelin at the top of their game, and Jimmy Page's live playing was never better than his performance on The Song Remains The Same - with or without the soundstage additions. Trust me - I saw them at Knebworth in '79 and own plenty of live cd's and I firmly beleive you wont get better live Zep, audio or video, anywhere else. Buy it. And then buy the zep 2disc box set too.
0446698326|5.0|In this book there is a love like no other.  This love goes above and beyond The Notebook.  This shows there is a such a thing as unconditional love no matter how unlikely it may be.  Not many people at all can be so unselfish.  I couldn't put this book down.  The story is so well written and the characters kept you involved in the story.  There were times you want to scream, laugh and of course i cried at the end.  To anyone who is a Sparks fan you will not be disappointed.
076792603X|5.0|This book is the perfect solution for people that want to follow along (checking out the paintings and such), without having to read at your computer googling every couple pages. The first time I read the normal edition (that I had borrowed from the library), but when I went to buy my own copy I saw there was an illustrated edition and bought this one instead. There is no comparison - I enjoyed the book even more with all the extras I could want right there in front of me and can't imagine reading it any other way now.
B000K7VHQ4|1.0|This movie was a sad retaliation to The Prestige. The acting was decent but the story was worthless. It jumped around constantly and pent up all of the secrets until right at the very end when they precede to dump all of the explanations on you in a matter of mere seconds. Not only are you left with a feeling of \\"What just happened?\\" but the explanations them selves are non-cohesive and make little to no sense. If you are in the mood for a good thriller, please, pass this one by.
6305263248|2.0|I always found this film boring.  Aside from a great chase sequence, there's really nothing too memorable about it.  The title has always irked me.  There's a reference to the 47 Ronin here, but the only reason that I can think of as to why it was included in this film was just for the screenwriter to make himself feel superior.  The story of the 47 Ronin has nothing to do with the characters here.  Ronin is a term meaning masterless samurai.  It initiated between 2 Lords, Asano and Kira.  Kira was an older master, and he treated Asano very shabbily.  Asano had tried to please Kira, but lost his temper and attacked Asano with a dagger.  Asano did no real damage, but an attack like this was forbidden by the laws at the time.  Asano was ordered to commit seppuku, which he did, but Kira escaped punishment.  Out of Asano's 300 Samurai, 47 decided to take revenge for this injustice.  They killed Kira, and then they themselves were executed, but they became heroes and remain heroes to this day in Japan and around the world.<br /><br />The story of the 47 Ronin is much more complex and powerful than anything in this film.  This film is really a mediocre thriller that has a great chase scene in it.  You can safely skip this one, and read a book on the 47 Ronin...
B000NDIAWY|5.0|This is one of my most loved CDs. I just love the diversity of rhythms, guitar, and her voice.
1878424602|5.0|[[ASIN:1424308089 Powerful Attitudes]]<br /><br />Amazing book! Get it, read it, apply it, live it! A masterpiece of quantum success!<br /><br />Michael Murphy<br />[...]
B000VNMMRA|5.0|this is quite simply the best Die Hard movie there is, nay, the best action film of the summer (I didn't' see the third Borne movie so I can't compare it to that). sure the action is over the top, sure the story may be a bit of a stretch (I hope) and sure the whole daughter thing may have been a bit cheesy, but it's all worth it to see McLane shoot himself though the shoulder to hit the bad guy behind him. Classic.<br /><br />What's not to love about this movie? Unless of course you want realism in which case you may be out of luck. McLane blows up a Copter with his car, some Asian chick keeps fighting after being rammed against a wall with an SUV, our hero takes a ride on the outside of a flying fighter jet, but hey, it's all in good fun. As long as you don't think about it too hard, this movie will definitely make you sit on the edge of your seat. Enjoy. if you read this review, please leave a comment.<br /><br />Replay value; Very high.
015204907X|5.0|My sons (ages 3 and 5) love this book.  They can read along and love when we get to \\"but where is the green sheep?\\".      I highly recommend it!
B000002UAU|5.0|and show everybody how well I rebel against the establishment....sorry though, been done already. This is a great album, the greatest - really.
1592332803|5.0|My favorite hobby is vegan baking, followed closely by collecting vegan cookbooks.  I have tons and tons of vegan cookbooks, but none that are of any quality that are devoted entirely to baking a variety of vegan treats, like cookies, pies, cakes, and other sweets. Vegan cupcakes have truly taken over my world, so this is the cookbook of my dreams for baking all sorts of wonderful things!  The recipes are for all the classic baked goods and don't require any hard-to-find ingredients.  This is dessert, so thankfully there is no overt effort to make it healthy (except for avoiding ingredients with transfat), which has been a problem with vegan baking cookbooks in the past.  The recipes I have tried are easy to follow and the book itself is gorgeous with many large, color photos.     Destined to be a classic!
B00005JPCF|5.0|This HappyFeet movie, was a Gift for my Grandson,on his birthday.He watches it every chance he can get.
B000ULQV0W|5.0|This is a great album. Eddie Vedder provides an emotional and powerful soundtrack. It's nice to finally hear a complete solo album without the band. This album demonstrates his style, which is prominent in the Pearl Jam sound, but not alone. His bandmates contribute much to the style of Pearl Jam, so it's nice to hear what is left when you strip away their hard rock influence and we get to hear what Eddie Vedder is presently all about. His guitar playing is better than ever. His singing is as awesome as ever. The songs, some by him, some by others, are appropriate for the story, not just a little bit, but dead on what \\"Into the Wild\\" is all about. Overall a masterful record that belongs in your library.
B000UFAURI|4.0|I agree that \\"Let It Die\\" is an amazing song and definitely my favorite from the cd.  Overall I really like the first 5 songs, and it's a solid comeback for me from In Your Honor which I was dissapointed in.  In ranking it with other Foo Fighter CDS I'd have to say its probably my 3rd or 4th favorite with \\"One By One\\" being number one on my list.
0142501123|5.0|We love this book so much, I just can't keep myself from adding yet another review to the long list already here.  We got this book two years ago when my son was in pre-school.  Now he's in kindergarten and we still can't wait to get out all the Halloween decorations, just so we can read this book!  We read this book every night between now and Halloween (along with the some other Halloween books) and we look forward to it every day.  My son is almost 6 now, in kindergarten, and my daughter is 4 and they just adore this book.  Since the characters are all so kind, and the pictures non-threatening, they have never been frightened by the dragon or the witch, or anything else in the book.  When I was a kid, I would look each year for fun books to read themed around Halloween, and none ever really seemed to fit the bill.  This one is a home run.  You won't regret reading this book - it has become our Halloween tradition.
B000GTJT0W|5.0|I saw this movie on HD DVD and i was really good ... the video and audio were great ... the visual style of the movie was vivid ... the actors did a decent job .... the story was promising ( its not LOTR but what do you expect ?)....its a must buy for anyone who wants a movie like Indiana jones or 007
B000PFU7OO|5.0|This CD is fantastic and so is the movie!  Amazon is great: good prices and quick service.    Thank you,  Asil
B000LXH0AE|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised at this very well-done film with a highly likeable Will Ferrell as Harold Crick who is a character in a novel by Emma Thompson (I forgot her character's name) that Emma has scheduled to die.  Somehow Crick's watch does something to make him real and he can hear Emma's narration of her novel as she types it.  Crick starts to realize that all Emma's observations about him are accurate, so when she says that a certain event will set things in motion that Crick will die, he panics and seeks out help.  First he visits a psychiatrist who then sends him to a literary college professor (Dustin Hoffman) to try to determine who the mysterious author is.    Crick had led a very boring life until he meets a highly exciting woman who owns a bakery.  Crick was auditing her for the IRS and thoughts about her change his whole \\"ordered\\" life.  Crick enjoys his new life and goes from wearing \\"stuffy\\" suits to wearing more casual clothing and playing guitar.  His new-found happiness makes him even more desperate not to die.    Emma is also and interesting character.  A chain smoker whose big thing about her books are \\"dreaming\\" up creative ways for her main characters to die at the end of her books.  She is assisted by a very serious literary agent (Queen Latifah) who is showing that she can be a multi-dimensional actress.    I found Harold to be the most likeable character of any role that I have seen by Ferrell to date.
159562015X|5.0|I found the Strengths Finder 2 to be a great, dinamic tool to helping my team find their talents. The good thing about this version, compared to Now Discover your Strengths is that it has guidelines and activities you can do to change the talents into strengths.
B000LC55F2|5.0|`The Prestige' opens with the death of magician Robert Anglier.  His chief rival Alfred Borden is standing trial for his murder although it appears he's innocent.  As `The Prestige' unveils its many layers the audience is taken deep into the lives of these two men, into what made them who they are, what drove them apart and into rivalry and what ultimately will become of each man in the end.  At doing this `The Prestige' excels masterfully.  Director Christopher Nolan is building quite the reputation for himself.  He expertly crafts this film, layering each newfound discovery about these men so that the audience is completely entranced.  He uses his cast as they should be, allowing them to shine yet never overpower the brilliance of the film or give away too much of themselves too soon.  `The Prestige' is one of those near perfect films that comes along only once in a great while, a film that one can truly adore, stand behind and find fascinating with every viewing.  That's one of the greatest things about `The Prestige'.  With each and every viewing the audience is able to spot more pieces of the puzzle, things throughout the film they had never caught before but now know to look for.<br /><br />The storyline is engrossing as well, and that as we know is truly the most important facet to a film of this caliber.  The film follows the lives of two rival magicians as I mentioned, Robert Angier and Alfred Borden.  Robert and Alfred at one time worked together as assistants to another well known magician.  Despite what some of the reviews would have you believe, they were not friends.  In fact it's quite obvious that Robert does not trust Alfred, not in the least.  When a mistake on the part of Alfred's costs Robert's wife Julia her life he vows to avenge her.  As the magicians go their separate ways Robert's obsession grows.  He sabotages Alfred's shows, and Alfred retaliates likewise.  Things truly take a turn for the worse though when Alfred incorporates an act in his show that cannot be understood or duplicated.  This drives Robert mad and he desperately works to uncover his secret.  In search for answers he develops a nifty trick of his own thanks in large part to a scientist named Tesla, and with his new trick firmly in tact he sets out to destroy Alfred once and for all.<br /><br />The climax of this film, which takes us back to the beginning almost and unveils the mystery behind Anglier's death, is utterly orgasmic, at least to me and everyone who has watched the film with me so far.  The film is slow paced yet entrancing and so when the ending creeps up on you after strongly built anticipation you'll be kicking yourself for not picking up on it.  The greatest thing about the conclusion is that after the credits start to roll you'll be trying to place all the pieces together and will desire to watch the film once more to see if you missed something, which most likely you have.<br /><br />The acting is brilliant as well, especially on the part of Christian Bale.  Bale has always been one of my favorite actors but he never seems to pick a movie that is as well crafted as his skill.  In films like `American Psycho' and `The Machinist' he proves to be the best part of the film and without him the movie kind of falls apart.  Here though he finally found a film worth his talent.  He is so commanding, so engrossing and just as intriguing as the film itself; most definitely best in show.  High Jackman is also quite impressive.  He had a great year in 2006, and while I preferred his performance in `The Fountain' I must say that I was blown away here as well.  Michael Caine, one of our finest working actors, a true legend, does not disappoint and delivers an outstanding supporting performance as Cutter, a mentor to either men at one time or another.  There are a few women in this film, and each of them hold there own.  Piper Perabo proves in her very limited screen time as Julia to be an actress we should see more of.  I don't knowwhat happened to this girl but someone needs to book her as a lead and let her talent truly shine.  Scarlett Johansson is fantastic as always as Olivia, assistant to either men at one time or another.  She perfectly balances her own sexuality with a commanding aura.  She is, without question, one of our most talented working actresses.  It's Rebecca Hall though that really stands out for me.  As Sarah, Alfred loving wife, she perfectly shifts between infatuation and intolerance, between admiration and impatience and dire frustration.  Her performance is heartbreaking to say the least.<br /><br />In the end `The Prestige' comes very close to making my top five films of 2006 for there is not a moment within that I am bored, dissatisfied or lost.  It's one of those rare gems that just seems to fit in every possible way and soars high above the rest of the competition.  I have a feeling that we are soon to see some spectacular things from director Christopher Nolan, even more spectacular then the brilliance he's already dealt to his audience.irl but someone needs to book her as a lead and let her talent truly shine.  Scarlett Johansson is fantastic as always as Olivia, assistant to either men at one time or another.  She perfectly balances her own sexuality with a commanding aura.  She is, without question, one of our most talented working actresses.  It's Rebecca Hall though that really stands out for me.  As Sarah, Alfred loving wife, she perfectly shifts between infatuation and intolerance, between admiration and impatience and dire frustration.  Her performance is heartbreaking to say the least.    In the end `The Prestige' comes very close to making my top five films of 2006 for there is not a moment within that I am bored, dissatisfied or lost.  It's one of those rare gems that just seems to fit in every possible way and soars high above the rest of the competition.  I have a feeling that we are soon to see some spectacular things from director Christopher Nolan, even more spectacular then the brilliance he's already dealt to his audience.
B00005ASHM|3.0|I was looking for the upbeat poppy beach boys...this is definetely not it...b vitamins... st johns wort...psych drugs...anyone?
B000R7HY0K|1.0|I watched this movie because I like Kurt Russell and Rosario Dawson.  This movie is BORING!!!  The action, and true grindhouse aspects of this movie, can be trimmed down to less than 15 minutes.    If I want to see character development, I will watch a movie with Anthony Hopkins and/or Emma Thompson.    Please ignore the rave reviews by the Tarantino lemmings.  I lose more respect for Quentin Tarantino after each movie directs.  He is just a step away from directing the next Pauly Shore movie.    As far as the minimal action is concerned, kudos to the stunt drivers, but I felt as if I was watching a rerun of \\"The Dukes of Hazzard\\" series.    This movie mentions, and aspires to be, the same level of movie as \\"Vanishing Point\\" and \\"Dirty Mary & Crazy Larry.\\"  \\"Death Proof\\" fails.    If you want to see a GREAT movie that shows a sense of speed in a car chase scene, watch \\"Jeepers Creepers.\\"  (Francis Ford Coppola was an executive producer for that film.)    There is a reason this film went in & out of the theaters in the blink of an eye... it is truly bad.    Please do not be lured by the \\"UNRATED\\" aspect of this movie.  It is probably unrated because no one in the MPAA could stay awake til the end of the movie.    Quentin Tarantino needs to learn the definition of \\"grindhouse.\\"  When it comes to being a grindhouse movie, this film is anemic.    If you must see this film, please RENT it, do not buy it.  You will thank yourself.
0066620996|5.0|\\"Good\\" is not \\"good enough\\".  When organizations and/or individuals settle for \\"good\\" as \\"good enough\\" they set themselves up to become obsolete.  \\"Good to Great\\" looks at those organizations that decided never to settle for \\"good enough\\" and became \\"Great\\".  How about you?  Are you striving to become great at what you do, or have you settled for being good enough to get by?  Does the organization that you work for have a plan to move from good to great?  Are you a part of the change that will take your company to the next level or do you believe that your company is \\"good enough\\" right where it is?<br /><br />I believe there is more value to be gained by pushing good organizations to become great than trying to turn mediocre organizations into good ones.  The data presented in \\"Good to Great\\" shows just how much value can be gained by those willing to make the leap to Great.  The book also shows you what principles of business those companies that made the leap had to adopt.<br /><br />My favorite chapters are chapter two (Level 5 Leadership) and three (First Who...Then What).  Level 5 Leadership address the benefits of having personal humility combined with a strong will to build something great.  We have to many leaders at the top that have let their egos become more important than the organizations they run.  \\"Good to Great\\" explains how the leaders of those companies that made the leap avoided the ego trap while having great ambitions for building something exceptional.  Everyone who wishes to become a leader that makes a difference should read this chapter.<br /><br />\\"First Who...Then What\\" does a good job of showing how great companies put \\"talent\\" at the top of the agenda.  Any leader who wants to build a strong organization must put \\"talent\\" at the top of their agenda.  Jim Collins address two critical issues companies need to address when it comes to recruiting and developing their talent.  He shows us why it is important to get the right people on the bus and the wrong people off the bus.  And then goes on to explain how great companies get the people in the right seat.  How many people in your organization are in the wrong seat?  How many should be taken off the bus entirely?  Companies are not good at hiring the right people and then are terrible at assigning them to the right job.  This chapter is a must for anyone involved in the hiring of talent.<br /><br />I also recommend spending some time at jimcollins.com.  I have visited and revisited this site to get more information on the concepts presented in \\"Good to Great\\".  Buy the book, then go to the website and start your own journey from good to great.<br /><br />Larry Kevin Adams<br />theactionator.comple off the bus.  And then goes on to explain how great companies get the people in the right seat.  How many people in your organization are in the wrong seat?  How many should be taken off the bus entirely?  Companies are not good at hiring the right people and then are terrible at assigning them to the right job.  This chapter is a must for anyone involved in the hiring of talent.    I also recommend spending some time at jimcollins.com.  I have visited and revisited this site to get more information on the concepts presented in \\"Good to Great\\".  Buy the book, then go to the website and start your own journey from good to great.        Larry Kevin Adams  theactionator.com
B00015YVD6|5.0|The script was rewritten several times, but in the version used for the screen tests (which are included on the DVD) we can tell that fresh water will change Madison back to her mermaid form since she is afraid of rain.  In the version I saw when it was first released in theaters, fresh water did not change her.  The marine biologist twice splashed water on her to no effect.  He later realized he needed to use salt water, which explains why he had to carry a tank of water under his jacket at the presidential dinner, and why Madison added table salt to her bath.  Having been splashed twice before by someone who knew she was a mermaid also explains why Madison wants to leave the dinner when she recognizes him.  That it had to be salt water is mentioned in some of the original reviews.  In the DVD version, it was changed back to fresh water.  The woman the biologist splashes water on is someone else he mistakes for Madison, and her escort fractures his arm.  I don't remember how the fractured arm is explained in the theatrical version.  It would seem out of character for Alan to do it, but if he did, it would explain why the biologist was so afraid of him in the dentist's office.
B000TEUSJU|4.0|This new Imperial 3 disc edition of CALIGULA from Image and Penthouse is an \\"everything and the kitchen sink\\" affair.  It should be a must buy for fans of the film, and offers two unique ways of viewing the infamous film known mostly for its peversity.<br /><br />Disc One contains an unrated X-rated version including all the Bob Guccione inserted scenes of somewhat hardcore sex acts.  The editing is a little off as Guccione assembled this cut from what Tinto Brass directed and put some scenes out of order thus blurring the narrative and character development.<br /><br />Disc Two contains a pre-release cut of the film without the hardcore scenes, and a more logical progression of scenes assembled to depict the order Tinto Brass wanted them in.  It runs 3 minutes shorter, and you'll notice alternate footage in many scenes.  Three commentaries are delivered over this version with Malcolm McDowell on one, Helen Mirren on the second, and Ernest Volkman on the final track.  Each are joined by authors and film critics who help keep the conversation flowing and on topic.  Also included are a dozen cut and alternate takes.<br /><br />The third disc contains featurettes, interviews, and archival footage from the production.  A 1980 documentary proves interesting and provides more graphic footage.<br /><br />The transfer is improved, but still looks blurred and lacking in contrast.  The reason for some of this is the movie was shot like a magazine spread with soft focus cameras.  It's never super clear, and there's plenty of grain and digital artifacts to contend with.<br /><br />This is the best the film has ever looked, and has tons of extra material to wade through.  A dream for collectors, and a nightmare for the detractors.  The film is dispassionate and brutal - depicting every peversity you could imagine and then some.  Costumes and sets are amazing - including a five story machine that decapitates heads in a colisseum.  Breathtaking for all the wrong reasons, CALIGULA is about ego out of control.  Oddly enough those that made it suffered from the same malady.ddly enough those that made it suffered from the same malady.
B000002KYR|4.0|While I like the seventies Top better, and think that most of the later eighties stuff was nothing more than plastic... I will say that ZZ Top still had it rocking hard with 1983's Eliminator.<br />ZZ Top always played what ZZ Top wanted to play, so it's hard to accuse them of ever selling out (except for those six albums that were butchered for CD release in 1990... but thats a different story all together...) The band apparently went commercial in 1979 with Deguello (and that album rocks too!)... The sound had slipped into eighties dance club by '81, but wasn't totally noticeable until this album. But that doesn't make it bad... (it does make the two follow up albums, Afterburner and Recycler pretty terrible, but not this one.)<br /><br />The two biggest hits... LEGS and SHARP DRESSED MAN, were written primarily so that hot texas ladies would shake it all over the dance floor. And they worked. To this day, if you happen to follow some chicky with JUICY written on her rump into the dance club, you STILL may be able to hear some ZZ Top amidst the seemingly endless string of crunk.  These ain't my favorite ZZ Top cuts, but they still sound excellent when you crank 'em up nice and loud. Even more so for GIMME ALL YOUR LOVIN' and my personal choice pick from this one UNDER PRESSURE.<br /><br />I give respect to this album. It took the eighties rock challenge and passed. Something few artists of the seventies era could accomplish. And sadly ZZ Top didn't seem to do again. Even when they flew those classic Chryslers into outer space in 1985.
B000UR366S|5.0|this record is for anyone who's heart aches for humanity and mother earth / no record in my opinion since stevie wonder's best 70's work addresses this level of heartache in such a beautifully creative, musical and lyrical way.
B000LPS3B2|5.0|Everytime I get tired of the horror genre in the US, I find another foreign title that blows me away.  It didn't necessarily have any new ideas, per se, but the presentation was great, and truly chilling at times.  Overall, I was very happy with this movie, and I highly recommend this movie to all.
B000UR366S|5.0|JONI MITCHELL SHINE    It is interesting to compare this album with BLUE, from the somber tones of the artwork (these are two of the few of Joni's albums without her vividly colored artwork on the cover) to the presence of James Taylor's guitar (on the title track).  Instead of her umbral visage we have an image of the earth and nameless dancers. Instead of \\"I'm gonna blow this damn candle out\\" we have \\"Oh let your little light shine\\" The reviewers who complain that the tone of her lyrics here is too didactic have never tried to write a song, certainly not one that rises to her standards. It is great to hear her on piano again, and her guitar playing is wonderful. Brian Blade on drums adds a lot to the vibe of the songs he plays on. My only quibble is with the electronic sounds. It says much more to me about what to hope for in humanity to hear musicians like Joni and Brian and James play together than any gloss you could put on it.
B000OQF6N6|4.0|I have personally never bought a Smashing Pumpkins cd myself.  But for some reason i felt interested enough to buy this one and see what its all about.  I dont think i got a whole lot of insight into them as a band.  But i do have a better idea now of what they like and bring to the table.  I find myself thinking about buying something from earlier in their career 1st or 2nd album maybe.  So that way i can make a much more informative review.<br /><br />I will say that i enjoyed the following tracks on Zeitgeist<br /><br />That's The Way (My Love Is)<br />Tarantula<br />Starz<br />Bring the Light<br />(Come On) Let's Go!<br /><br />I didnt really care for the last 2 songs that much...it felt real broading and preachy which i have never been a fan of.  Enjoyed the rest of the cd though and might look to getting another one of theirs in the future.
B000G73UEU|5.0|This is an exquisite tribute to a poet and song-writing genius.  Love all the artists, especially the Wainrights, Antony and that phenomenal rendition of \\"Anthem\\" by Perla and Livingston.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|I really enjoyed this season of Supernatural, because it was adventureous, and very comical. I would recommend this series to anyone who enjoy's exciting action, and HOT guys!!!!!
B00005JPRD|5.0|As someone who was literally a child of the mid - late 60's & and a student of the time period, I first want to thank everyone who had anything to do with the making of this film! Your timing could not of been better! You helped me to remember the fervor, passion and idealism that made up the mid-late 60's. It's been many years since I have burst out sobbing in a movie theater! Thanks for helping to lift the fog a bit! As an activist, you have collectively given me some badly needed renewed vigor!<br /><br />I also feel so very, very sorry for all the critics of this movie who don't have a clue about what  all this means, or whose hearts have grown so hard with such bitterness, cynicism or despair; or have just simply sold-out; or plain no longer care! All your ranting and raving and nay saying won't do a thing to take away one moment of  the adventure, creativity, experimentation, excitement or passion that made this time in history so great!<br /><br />I also what to thank the brilliant filmmakers for paying homage to so many important cultural icons, organizations and events of the period: Walter Cronkite, the greatest  broadcaster of the 20th century. Baba Olatunji, the Nigerian Drummer and social activist, his double looked like he came right off the Drums of Passion album cover! I can now see him smiling from heaven! The tremendous scene with Bread and Puppets, a living, breathing, direct link to 1960's radicalism, warmed my  heart! You even went up to their stronghold in Glover, Vermont, to film part of the scene! Bravo! The SDS (Students for a Democratic Society), which did not advocate violence, and the much smaller splinter-group that morphed into an organization advocating extreme measures, called the Weather Underground. The brave Martin Luther King, Jr. and his intervention in a labor dispute, which cost him his life. The historic occupation of  the Ivy League, Columbia University by its students protesting both the Vietnam war and the intense poverty that surrounded the school.  Ken Kesey and his legendary bus. The Jimi Hendrix & Janice Jopplin characters who show such dignity, and a passion for music. And, of course, the Beatles! Their music reaches deep into my soul. You gave me insights into the meaning of their tunes that after all these years never crossed my mind!<br /><br />I also enjoyed being bathed in all the very colorful special affects. The 60's and early 70's were a time of outrageously bold colors and design. Something brilliantly portrayed in Across the Universe! The only film I intend to purchase on DVD that has been released this year!<br /><br />[[ASIN:1931498199 Rehearsing With Gods: Photographs and Essays on the Bread & Puppet Theater]], [[ASIN:0413605108 Bread and Puppet Theatre (Theater) - Volume 2]], [[ASIN:0882861778 The New Radicals in the Multiversity and Other Sds Writings on Student Syndicalism (Sixties Series)]],  [[ASIN:B00006B1RI Drums of Passion]]the school.  Ken Kesey and his legendary bus. The Jimi Hendrix & Janice Jopplin characters who show such dignity, and a passion for music. And, of course, the Beatles! Their music reaches deep into my soul. You gave me insights into the meaning of their tunes that after all these years never crossed my mind!    I also enjoyed being bathed in all the very colorful special affects. The 60's and early 70's were a time of outrageously bold colors and design. Something brilliantly portrayed in Across the Universe! The only film I intend to purchase on DVD that has been released this year!     [[ASIN:1931498199 Rehearsing With Gods: Photographs and Essays on the Bread & Puppet Theater]], [[ASIN:0413605108 Bread and Puppet Theatre (Theater) - Volume 2]], [[ASIN:0882861778 The New Radicals in the Multiversity and Other Sds Writings on Student Syndicalism (Sixties Series)]],  [[ASIN:B00006B1RI Drums of Passion]]
B000005RTR|5.0|It's sad that most people have no idea that Whitesnake used to be such a great band, and are only aware of the pop material they put out in the late 80s. Whitesnake used to be a clssic hard-rock, blues band, and this is a fine example of the kind of material they put out in their heyday.    This is the classic line-up (Coverdale, Lord, Pace, Murray, Marsden, and Moody), and features some of their best songs--\\"Fool for your loving\\", \\"Ain't gonna cry no more today\\", \\"Love Hunter\\", \\"Take me with you\\", and others.     It goes without saying that you have a great combination here, with Pace's very under-rate drumming, and Lord's powerful keyboard playing. Marsden and Moody make a great guitar team, with some scorching solos throughout this great live concert compilation.    If you like classic Deep Purple, or want to hear what Whitesnake was like in their absolute peak, you owe it to yourself to check this one out. You won't be disappointed.
B000OPPSXK|4.0|Despite their recording age these recordings are marvellously clear, precise and buoyant. I had some of them on vinyl; now long gone so it was a particular pleasure to replace them, together with symphonies I did not previously possess.    Father Philip Miller  South Africa
B000CFLFX4|4.0|I don't know why people are giving this bad reviews of this product.  I clean my house on a daily bases and the battery last to clean all the house, is a big house of 4 bed.  The only problem that I got with this item is that the broom on the side start breaking, so I called the company and they claim that if you don't purchase it from them, they wont do warranty... EYE.... if you want warranty with the product you need to buy it from manufacture, otherwise they do not backup their product.  I return the item just because of the company how bad service they have by not backing up the product (thank God I was in the 30 days return).... I am looking now for another one that is made by a reputable company that does backup their products.
B0000041WV|5.0|These recordings are timeless. Never have I heard music so beautifully played or more rhythmically delineated.That these symphonies still sound so fresh (in spite of some heavy home grown Czech opposition) is a glowing tribute to the memory of Istvan Kertesz and the London Symphony Orchestra.
B000OCZD60|5.0|One of my favorites that I only ever watched on VHS or cable.  My new HD DVD looked incredible, better than I've ever remembered this movie looking.
0743298020|2.0|This book is overrated. The best thing about it, several references to fairy tales, ended an eighth of the way in: (p 34) \\"a single lupine exhalation could reduce it to rubble;\\" (p 40) \\"[the bed] was so lavishly covered with cushions that there could be any number of peas under the mattress and I would not know it...;\\" (p 47) \\"I have cried wolf too often.\\" After an interminably long time, when the contents of the Thirteenth Tale was finally revealed, all I could do was resent the fact that Vida Winter insisted on telling the story in such a painstakingly slow manner (p 52) \\"beginning at the beginning, continuing with the middle, and with the end at the end. Everything in its proper place. No cheating. No looking ahead. No questions.\\" The result being that readers were forced to trudge through the hundreds of pages of nonsense that made up the story of her unlikely life (which appears to include a major theme from the novel Middlesex and several characters who would have fit right in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's nest). The who's who of the family members was a boring lesson in inequalities, and the mental states of several characters only served to confirm why familial relationships are not generally allowed to stray into the forbidden zone. Far from the end, I was tired of learning the details about the reclusive writer's ultra-dysfunctional family members and their pitiable but uninterestingly messed up lives. Better: Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Emma, Jane Eyre, The Woman in White, The Turn of the Screw, The Wings of the Dove, etc.
B000JJSJR8|4.0|This HD DVD is a major improvement over the previous standard DVD, which had the movie spread over two sides of the disk and you had to flip the DVD over to finish the movie.  On the HD DVD version you can watch the entire film uninterupted.  Also the film looks much better in HD.
B000OY8NII|5.0|After looking around for DVD's to buy that were family oriented, fun to watch and intelligent enough to watch, I found the Eureka series. I watched the first episode and have been hooked ever since.  I really enjoy the setting, the acting, and the story lines.  The balance between the humor and drama is perfect.  The content is family oriented and it is one of the few shows I can watch with my kids.  The best thing about the DVD is I do not have to watch any weird SciFi commercials.  Some of them are pretty grose.    I would recommend this DVD to everyone.
158234082X|4.0|Now that Bourdain is featured on TV, this book will probably get a new life. A mind-blowing look at life in the restaurant kitchen - crazier than we could have ever imagined. Lots of really good insight. Anybody thinking of following the culinary profession must read it.
0783230079|5.0|this movie is about 4 people who were killed before their time and so there souls were given the possibility to finish any unfinished things they had to do I feel this is one of the best movies by Robert Downey Jr. It is a warm heartfelt film I just love it
0316113077|5.0|I really like this book.  I bought it after checking one out at the library.  The cakes are adorable.  Great recipes and instructions.  The cakes are not for a beginner.  But you will get great ideas.  These cakes are decorated with fondant.
B00004SVIK|4.0|They did maybe 30 performances between 1980-1981 to packed houses. Barring mishaps (fire that stopped the LA show..) and Roger who had brought a similar but not quite the same show to Berlin in 1990 to celebrate the wall coming down, what makes this worth having has more to do with Gilmour's guitarwork and Roger's venom directed at the audience during \\"In the Flesh\\" than anything else. Anyone who has heard solo Roger or PF without Roger singing songs off of here, you will notice the differences.     I think it's a great listening experience and sounds crisper than the studio version. Roger I think had said he had to compromise a few things like \\"What Shall We Do Now\\", which you can find here. The instrumental prior to \\"Goodbye Cruel World\\" was so the road crew could build the rest of the wall.     These shows have been bootlegged over the years, very popular bootlegs.     When this came out, they had thought about putting a DVD of the concert out, but decided to hold off. I'm not sure if all the shows were filmed or videotaped. The first find was the Nassau Colisseum closed circuit tape, the second Earls Court... now I'm not sure if this was the same footage that Roger decided to make the cult classic movie in lieu of the footage, but all in all it doesn't look bad. They said if technology can improve the film footage, they're going to release it. There was also a recently found documentary shot in 1980 that was taken off the market immediately, so something is in the process.     It does come across as a \\"you had to be there\\" concert, the size of it dominated the arena, which also meant that some seats were sacrificed, and money was lost. Now it would be easier to stage.     In the \\"divorce\\", Roger owns everything to do with \\"The Wall\\", so it's ultimately up to him. But in the meantime, if you enjoy \\"The Wall\\" and want to hear great live cuts of songs you're already familiar with, you can't go wrong.
B000M343BM|1.0|The DVD I ordered has the artificial turf on the cover.  The DVD I received did not.  I already had the DVD, but I wanted the one with the grass on the cover.
B000002868|5.0|This album does not fit into the 1970's fusion bin. You must listen to it on it's own terms. Great music by brilliant musicians and I do find this music far more interesting than some of thier later work. 5 stars
1590171993|5.0|In June 2007, Morris Dickstein wrote a tribute to \\"Stoner\\" in the New York Times Book Review that compelled me to purchase a copy. It is difficult to describe the feelings I had once I finished except to say I was sad to see it end and know that I will read it again. I will re-read it because of William's exquisite descriptions and his ability to create scenes of great passion, conflict, and solitude that truly move the reader. In addition I want to re-explore Stoner, his wife, and all the other members of this fictional universe. Some may focus on dark side of this book but it is also a story of great love and great joy, both painfully and incompletely realized. In addition, if one is interested in the craft of writing this is a superb example of storytelling and use of language.
B0002IU988|5.0|What would I want to know before buying this album?    1.  Is it better or worse than Creed?  Yes and no.  Different strokes for different folks.  Variety is the spice of life.  There's something out there for everyone.    2.  Can Mark Tremonti write a good song on his own without Scott Stapp? Most definately.    3.  Is Alter Bridge here to stay, or just trying to sell a lot of copies of one really gay album to pad their savings accounts before becoming a small-time bar and club band or going to new jobs as gas pumpers, carpenters or store clerks?  No....they're good without Stapp.    4.  Does it sound like Creed?  Well, yes and no.  3/4ths of a band are going to sound like....well, themselves, and they were 75% of Creed for several years, but they definately are not Creed without Stapp, and Stapp didn't write any of their songs, so.....well, no, they don't sound all the way like Creed.    5.  How's the new singer?  Myles Kennedy has got some serious guts.  He's trying to take the place of Scott Stapp, one of the most popular stars in the hard rock/metal/alternative and even pop music industry at the time.  Like his voice or not, Stapp and the boys from Creed were a mega band on the top of the industry for years, and were only showing signs of growing more and more huge if the trend they had been on continued.  He stepped in to take Stapp's place with every fan or anti-fan of Creed just waiting to criticize his every note and lyric sung, and knowing the critics would be waiting to evaluate and criticize relentlessly.  But he didn't try to mimic his predecessor.....he joined 3 new musicians and was himself, and he did well.  He's a much different voice than Stapp, a tenor with great range and likes to show that range off a lot.....maybe a little too much.  But he's a great talent, and he sings great, whether you like his style or his voice or not.....Stapp had limited range, but he sang within his means and Creed's music pleased many fans with him as front man although his voice was also hated and criticized by nearly as many people it seems as liked his voice, and that's that.  Myles Kennedy has made some fans, as did Stapp, and has also been relentlessly criticized and described as sounding \\"whiney\\" and \\"annoying\\" and has definately turned off a lot of people.  Hey, either you like someone's singing or you hate them, we're just as entitled to our tastes as Stapp or Kennedy is to sing their best.  If you don't like them, don't listen to them.    6.  What's better?  Stapp's solo album or Alter Bridge's debut?  In my opinion, unless Stapp gets some help, i think Alter Bridge will outlive him and surpass him as a solo artist.  His solo album seemed to show me who the egotist was in Creed.  His songs are great, and sung with his immense emotion and passion, but.....notice how quiet the lead guitar, bass guitar and drums are.  His voice drowns everything out.  Maybe it's true that Scott Stapp is all about Scott Stapp, and that he craves the spotlight, the attention and wants the praise and glory and credit for himself.  I think Alter Bridge showed that they're capable of making excellent music on their own, and the instrumental performance was nothing short of spectacular.  Everyone gets to show off some, and seems to be able to just play hard and fast and furious and wild and have fun doing what they love.....playing rock music the way they like to.  I think maybe Myles Kennedy isn't quite with the 3 former Creedsters on every song all the time, but they have lots of time to gel.  I think a couple of times they may have tried to show off his vocal range to impress people with his vocals to the point of overdoing it at times and it turned some people off.....but, although they're pretty, the 'oohs' and 'aahs' and 'whoas' in the solos, i admit, can get kind of annoying at times.....it's just too obvious and dramatic, but it's not to the point of ruining the songs, i don't think, and he makes up for it for his overall performance.  Ithink he could do without so many range changes, but at the same time it kind of helps build the song some....but, that's just my opinion.    On a scale of 9 to 10, i give ONE DAY REMAINS a 9.    Tremonti, Marshall and Phillips have obviously played together a long time, and enjoy playing together and being able to rock their own way with Stapp gone.  They could probably find a vocalist more suited to them then Myles Kennedy that would be more globally recieved by a broader spectrum of critics. But Kennedy wails in his own right and should gel with the rest of the guys in time and will continue making great music with Alter Bridge, especially if he quits trying too hard to \\"out-do\\" Stapp, and just sings hard, heavy and strong....just the way the other 3 band members play.  Tremonti definately set himself apart, in my opinion (for what it's worth), from most guitarists and has elevated himself into the pantheon of guitar immortals with this album.  I can't wait to hear more.  Their second album BLACKBIRD, will show us a lot about the future of Alter Bridge, and whether they're up for future greatness or are soon to become just another band out there.  To achieve the rise to glory Creed experienced, BLACKBIRD will have to grab the music fans by the hearts as the follow up album to ONE DAY REMAINS and make believers of many and new fans of others just as HUMAN CLAY did following MY OWN PRISON for Creed.  All in all, Tremonti and his friends are worth listening to just for great music if they can keep building on what they started with this first album.  ONE DAY REMAINS was better than i thought it would be, and i hope they keep pumping out music on the same trend Creed did, always maturing, always evolving, always striving to get better, just to keep one more band out there good enough to throw in the mix and add the same quality variety to the music industry that Creed did for years, something else to listen to that's different from everyone else you love to hear play.    This album rocks!  I want more.
B000065DWH|5.0|I've been listening to Randy Newman's first half a dozen albums, including the obscure live one and Good Old Boys, for 30 years or so. Every note, word and nuance flows in my blood, because he never wastes or over-adorns anything. Sail Away is my favourite - it has 'informed my life' - and the others are warm, witty, comforting friends. Cynics like having cynical friends.  After reading what others said about the bonus disk that comes with this reissue, I had to have it, and it turned out to be nothing less than what I expected from Newman: the real deal. Good Old Boys has always seemed his most tightly conceptual album, and here's why. He intended combining the music with a sort of soundscape to indicate a personal journey of the mind through a region he loves and hates in equal, ample measure. Here he is sitting in the studio, explaining his intentions, and admitting when they are still in the process of formation, while running through many of the songs and a few that didn't make the final cut for the album proper.   If you're interested in the man, great songwriting and the artistic process, it's fascinating. The sound quality is excellent and it's like he's in your living room, giving you a casual, personal preview.  Unlike a lot of bonuses like this - although I don't know of anything else quite like this - I'll play this one again from time to time in the future, and I know I'll always enjoy it. It's a glimpse of the inner workings of a unique man with nothing to prove and everything to say.
B000OLGCI4|5.0|This is one of Disney's TRUE MASTERPIECES!! My son, at just 3 years of age realized this was the BEST MOVIE of all time. He had me rewind it about 13 times a day. He absolutely couldn't get enough. I enjoyed it too.  So....Do I need any big shot telling me that this is a great flick. NO...NO...NO...  The opinion of my son and the millions of others who have grown up with this amazing cast of characters is quite enough, Thank You!!
B000H5V8DG|4.0|The product presentation is very interesting. All the CD's are arranged in a very orderly and compact way.  So far, I had found one CD with a visual scratch, but when I played it I did not find a problem with it. I have not play all my CD's yet.  I am really enjoying the contents. Excellent idea to put all the Seasons in one package.  Occasionally, I like to listen to the commentaries.
0553805460|5.0|I must say in all fairness from knowing most of these characters I had low expectations for the book.  Aside from my low opinions of the Authors moral fabric and his histroy for having a lack of his word as a gentlemen I was willing to look beyond that and give the book a read.    In all fairness, the book was great to read... Could not put it down once I started.  Even tried to talk my mother out of reading it. Her feedback was the same.. \\"Very easy to read, even funny at times\\" \\"did all this crazy stuff go on?\\"     The LITTLE BROWN MAN as he was very well known...has a writers gift of describing his characters quickly and thoruoghly, to allow the reader to imagine them...  This is very hard for first time writers... as anyone who reads more than the comics will understand...    I think alot of the really juicy details were left out... some good character too...  probaly saved alot of guys a beating from their wives... And for the record Mad Max is far, far, nastier than Belfort gives him credit for...  Just ask the broker who got SLAPPED across the face right in the middle of the boardroom for having a s__t eating grin on his face at the wrong time...    Cant wait for the movie, DiCaprio will be a dead wringer and Marty S. knows how to paint the dark side real well...    Credit where it shouldnt be due...  The book was awesome!!!    Very fast, enjoyable reading....
B00006AW2G|5.0|This is the downest dirtiest partyingest meanest rockin'est Stones record of all times.  I rate it over Exile. Gimme Shelter is AMAZING. Richt on the money.  I don't know anything about no DSDs, but I know good rock and roll when I hear it.
B000B0QOJA|5.0|I've been listening to Trane for over 15 years. I have All of his major recordings and even some bootlegs that I found in Europe. Aside from being one of the most exhilarating improvisers in all of music history, he was also one of the most intense explorers in all of jazz. He pushed music the music to regions untouched by any musician before or since! This double CD exemplifies this to the utmost. The Song \\"One up, One Down\\" was easily the greatest performance of the album. Not because the other songs aren't fantastic in their own right! But the 27 minute solo that Trane embarks on in this tune is unparalleled by anyone in my opinion. He states the melody. The band chimes right in. And he begins to take you on one of the most electrifying journeys ever! About 7 minutes into it, Jimmy Garrison and Tyner have dropped out, leaving Coltrane and legendary drummer Elvin Jones to continue exploring the cosmos together. Jones is driving the tempo madly. But with a controlled intensity. He and Coltrane are like two symbiotic organisms, interacting, reacting, responding, and pushing each other throughout the song. At one point in the song, Elvin Jones actually brakes his foot-pedal during his thunderous performance. And for a while he is left with just his hi-hat, snare, floor-tom, and ride cymbals. Trane is playing so many phrases, patterns, sounds, and intricately complex runs that the casual listener, would be completely lost!!! But for those who aren't virgins to Trane's explorations, you will find absolute delight in the things that he manages to do with that Saxophone! The only problem I have with this 2x CD is that \\"Afro-Blue\\" and \\"My Favorite things\\" are cut way too short. You hear McCoy Tyner take off on a complex pianistic flight to boundless lines and harmonies that can put you into a zombie-like trance as he is known to do. Then you hear Mr. Coltrane himself begin his \\"sermon\\". As he begins to climax, the announcer inexplicably begins to talk over the music, broadcasting the advent of future shows!!!! He should have been shot and hung out to dry!!! But I highly recommend this album for Coltrane fans, and those who feel they are ready \\"Late-Period\\" Coltrane...dcasting the advent of future shows!!!! He should have been shot and hung out to dry!!! But I highly recommend this album for Coltrane fans, and those who feel they are ready \\"Late-Period\\" Coltrane...
B00005JPFH|5.0|My 13 year old son and I waited for this movie to come out for a long time. He began looking at the previews online about a year ago so we had high hopes this would be a great movie. We weren't disappointed. If you liked 1 and 2 then you'll love this one more!
B000SFZ05C|4.0|Wow!  This is their best album since Sonic Temple. The majority of fans will appreciate The Cult's new music.  Some of my favorites are Sound of Destruction, Illuminated, and Citizens.  It's a solid 3.5 out of 5.
B000002B35|5.0|Any true fan of Pink Floyd will know that Pulse is by far the very best compilation of their best works.
B000O75F7C|4.0|I have had this CD for a few months and finally found time to REALLY get into, that is, under the headphones and following the lyrics closely.<br /><br />This is NOT something one listens to in a depressed mood!!!  Steve Wilson's depiction of kids isolated from Ritalin, other drugs, TV, Xboxes, ipods, and inattention from parents is the most chilling that I have ever encountered. Sadly, it ends with one of the kids bringing a gun to school and firing it off. This has become a frightening trend in America these days, and you've got to hand it to Steve Wilson for having the courage to address this problem, and accurately portray the feelings of these kids. Unlike other reviewers, I do not think that the lyrics presented here are autobiographical.<br /><br />Why 4-stars for something so depressing? This is truly a great work of art!<br /><br />Why not 5 stars? I won't look forward to listening to this one very often.
014240165X|3.0|I can see why this book and series are so popular-- full of action, cliff-hanger, real danger, technology, and a big story.  I don't fault any of this.  And I don't mind the similarities with Bond, even down to the characatured cast of villians.  But where Stormbreaker lost stars for me was that Alex himself was not enough like Bond.  Alex isn't too perfect; he just isn't heroic enough.  Take the playboy out of Bond and he's still a patriot.  Alex is too post-modern I suppose for that.  But then why go through with the whole mess in the first place?  It's not revenge.  It's not love of country.  Then what?  Alex needs more than fear of eviction to drive him to fight evil.
B00004T9VY|5.0|In general, I think Greatest Hits albums are to be avoided, and nowhere is that more true than with Cat Stevens.  \\"Tillerman\\" and \\"Teaser and the Firecat\\" beg to be listened to in their original form.  Otherwise, you'd miss \\"Sad Lisa\\" and \\"Miles From Nowhere\\".    Other than that, what can I add to what's already been said?  Truly a landmark album, and one of the most sonically important albums of the era.  Want a real treat?  Pick up a copy on 180g vinyl; pure magic.
B000N4SADC|5.0|When I first heard of Hiromi, everyone was raving about it.  With my expectations raised I was still impressed when I finally got to hear her music.  This is a masterpiece CD, if you are a fan of Mahavishnu Orchestra, Return to Forever, Chick Corea, or Screaming Headless Torsos.  This is a must BUY!! Dave the FUZE is unbelievably talented on the guitar and really compliments the virtuawesomeness of Hiromi.  Quit reading this and just get it and listen!
B00006RSM1|5.0|one of the tightest bands from back in the day. idug both eras of the Mac though the mid to late 70's era truly Produced there most memorable jams to me.  so much versatility in the songwriting and overall vocal harmonys that still hold up to this day. some times a hits collection might miss the mark or might not capture a act fully, but his collection nails it down tight.  so much talent in this One Band and so many Musical memorys that are still felt to this day.
B000W1T1JI|5.0|Many people come to the end of the Deep Purple and Black Sabbath catalogs and ask themselves a profound and frightening question, \\"is this all there is of awesome '70s hard rock?\\" While Dio's later work in the 80's is okay and certainly good hard rock continues to be made, there was just something special about gut wrenching Blackmore riffs and devil references that actually made you a little scared (not the cartoon devil of Ozzy- this devil had horns!).<br /><br />And so we arrive at this small window in time where a guitarist needed a voice and a voice needed 130 decibels of power chords and two supporting guys named Ian that rock harder than any 'rage rocker' of today.<br /><br />The themes are simple. Rock and roll should live forever, rock and roll is king, the devil is mean and mysterious and medieval ladies were hot and well mysterious.  Throw in a raunchy song about LA and moody sappy ballad for the chicks (sorry ladies) and we have ourselves one great album.<br /><br />A note of thanks to a good friend of mine from Mendoza Argentina who turned me on to this hidden gem. It rocked 30 years ago (holy cow) and it rocks today.
0440178002|5.0|I loved this book.  The clashes of religion, philosophy, and cultures was exciting and interesting to read.  Clavelle including concepts down to the smallest details like eating meat made this book vivid and real.  You really got a feel for the culture of medeival Japan and how an intelligent European may try to make his own station in such a place.  The samurai were not seen as stereotypes, but possessed common ideals and also their own personalities and concepts of honor.  Someone compared this to Shea's series but Clavelle blows him out of the water.    I wish he would have written a sequal in the worst way.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|I know a prior generation would disagree, but Michael really trumps Sinatra in every way once again.  Before the mobs show up at my door with torches and pitch forks, let me explain.    Sinatra was obviously revolutionary in his time.  If Michael merely mimicked Sinatra he wouldn't have a career beyond a Vegas lounge act for the geriatric set, accompanied by the sound of one-armed bandits and clunking coins.  Instead, he combines what would be considered an old-school sensibility with a very young jazz sound.  The weaving together of these two sounds is really what makes him unique in every way.    Good evidence of this can be observed anywhere on this album.  \\"I've Got The World On A String\\" has every bit of the flouncing bright-shiny gotta dance sensibility that prior versions had with the punchy addition of background vocals in call and response verses similar to old big band swing but packaged for modern appeal.    \\"Lost\\" is absolutely stellar.  The beautiful and deep sense of longing is hypnotic and beautiful. I found myself playing the track over and over again as though it were the only song on the album.      And I'm pretty sure that \\"I'm Your Man\\" may very well cause many to take an unexpected cold shower.    Energy, flair, and hypnotic beauty all are within this album.  Destined to remain a classic.
B000OCXMAE|1.0|They never made a CD that was good from start to finish, but, they do have 7 songs that totally rock the house. This new CD makes a person want to vomit. The only person this could appeal to is someone who knows nothing about talent and/or music and was given this thing as a gift.  If someone gave this to me, I would throw it away. Not even one song is worth puting on the MP3 player. What Happened?
0765316978|4.0|While this novel didn't have the charm that old man's war did, it was entertaining to a point. the political motivations were a bit obscure and never felt real for me.  A large build up in the colonization phase that never fulfills any depth it ends with too neat of a solution for my taste.  I'm trying to not spoil any plot elements here but i think if the universe is a messy place its gonna have some messy endings, no?
0743289684|5.0|[[ASIN:0743289684 Infidel]]This is a fascinating story by a courageous woman and gives us valuable insight into life in many Middle Eastern countries.  I highly recommend it.  At the same time I have visited other Muslim countries and have women friends who have a totally different life with freedom and choices, so I would recommend reading other books about women and Islam.  Many of our Muslim friends are working for peace, tolerance and interfaith dialog here in the US and in other countries.
0792846443|5.0|This movie has been a favorite of mine for a long time.  I can't really put my finger on what it is about this film that I like so much because I am not much of a horror person.  It has a dark theme but I found myself laughing out loud throughout the movie due to the corny lines.  Kathy Bates performance is ofcourse exceptional everything about her character is comical to me especially her impression of Misery her sow.
0380796090|5.0|In keeping with my recent ambition to re-read many books that I've dubbed \\"favorites\\" over the years, I picked up Watermelon for the first time since I originally read the book about seven or eight years ago. I felt it was about time to let some of my favorite books re-prove themselves to me that they could be, years later, indeed worthy of such titles.  And Watermelon just happened to be next on my list.    In reading Watermelon for a second time, I immediately fell in love with the first chapter all over again. It was sharp, quick, and funny. Claire seemed like someone you'd want to get to know and her story seemed like one I'd want to listen to. Many parts of the book were very funny and there were certain quotes and thoughts about life that I found myself nodding at and remembering back from the first time that I had read them years ago.    However, during the journey back through the book, I wavered between liking Claire and hating her. Towards the middle, I wanted to smack her and at certain times right before the book was resolved, I really couldn't bring myself to understand her nativity. I guess when I was in my teens I could accept a little more how she might let her ex-husband try to manipulate her. And I guess I'm happy to say that in my 20s, I am not so willing to let her off the hook for lacking some serious self-respect.    That isn't to say that I didn't like Watermelon, because I really did and, to be honest, I still do. But I don't LOVE it in the way I think I remember I once did.  The story was fun to follow, but way too long; some of those middle chapters (and certainly the ones that didn't have to do with Adam) dragged on forever. And the Adam character still seems too dreamy to believe. I think my teenage self definitely believed a little too much that a character like that could just appear in someone's life, and my older self just wants to shake my head.  (Not that the idea is impossible, but let's admit the fact that it's just not incrediblylikely that one's marriage would completely fall apart and one would meet/fall in love with the most perfect dreamy guy in less than four months!)  However, that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy reading about and imagining just how pretty and perfect he seemed. We all need a bit of that sometimes - myself definitely included!    All that being said, I found that while I had always referred to Watermelon as one of my favorite books, I very much failed to take into consideration just how many books I'd be reading in the coming decade. I've read probably hundreds of books since I had first read the first of Keyes' novels to be printed in America.  Now Watermelon, which at some point might have fit in my top 10 or top 20, might now be more likely to fit into my top 50 or top 100 if I were to make a list that large. And it would certainly make those lists.  I feel at this point (years later) that I'd want to read some of Keyes' other books now that I have Claire's other sisters (like Helen) fresh in my mind. I think it would be fun to see how Keyes' other books tie in the same family. (Note: I had read Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married which was okay, and half of Rachel's Holiday, which I embarrassingly admit I never finished, in the immediate years following my first Watermelon read).    So the verdict has come down that Watermelon is certainly a book that I look upon favorably and with appreciation, but no longer an all-time favorite.  And I'm okay with that. I do have a lot of respect for Marian Keyes and my mission now becomes finding a book of hers that I love as much as my teenage self once loved Watermelon.
0689877692|5.0|My mother purchased this book for my son at the National Gallery in Washington and he loved it! Soon after, his pre-school class visited the Philadelphia Museum of Art and the museum educator shared the book with the children while discussing the museum's Calder mobiles. The kids and the teachers loved it so this past Christmas, I purchased the book for all of the pre-K teachers in his program. They were so pleasantly surprised and really enjoyed it themselves, with their classes and with their own children!    It is a delicate but wonderfully crafted book. The hunt for the little red dot is an added bonus!
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Bruce is in a class by himself and nobody even comes close.  Magic is like all the other Springsteen albums, different and great!  We are lucky to have this amazing rock icon.
B000OLGCI4|4.0|When Bagheera the panther (voiced by Sebastian Cabot) finds a man cub alone in the jungle, his first instinct is to leave it.  But he can't stand to do that, so he makes sure the boy is adopted by a family of wolves.  As a result, Mowgli (Bruce Reitherman) feels completely comfortable in the jungle.  He loves his home.<br /><br />Unfortunately, trouble is brewing.  The tiger Shere Khan (George Sanders) has returned to the area and wants to kill Mowgli.  For his own good, the wolf pack decides to have Mowgli return to the man village.<br /><br />Mowgli doesn't want to go, however, and makes life very difficult on Bagheera, who has agreed to take him.  In his efforts to stay in the jungle, he crosses paths with Baloo, a jungle bum of a bear (Phil Harris), King Louie the monkey (Louis Prima), a military pack of elephants, a boa constrictor with sinus problems (Sterling Holloway), and four vultures with perfect harmony.  But will he leave the jungle?  Is Shere Khan on his trail?<br /><br />The part of me that is still a kid still loves this movie.  It's got some great laughs and lots of fun songs.  The main characters are a little underdeveloped, but they are still fun and lovable.<br /><br />However, watching this as an adult, I do notice some flaws.  The animation is simpler then it needs to be, although they have some amazing shots of water here.  And the voices of some of the supporting characters seem a little flat, like they are reading a script and not really trying.<br /><br />Yes, these are the complaints of an adult looking at the film now.  As a kid, however, I loved it.  And I'm sure today's kids will love it just as much as I did.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|When THE RISING came out in 2002, it was, in my view, Bruce Springsteen's best album since TUNNEL OF LOVE, if not BORN IN THE U.S.A. MAGIC, which came out five years later, is just as great, even if that greatness is more to be found in individual tracks such as \\"Radio Nowhere\\" and \\"Long Walk Home.\\" It has to be said that some songs on this CD, even great ones such as \\"Last To Die\\", are somewhat depressing, but not in the way that Black Sabbath or Ozzy are. Instead, this is an album about the current state of the United States and the world, which may be why I found it hard to swallow at first. However, I've since come to realize that an album like this is necessary because not enough people are willing to face reality. This album is a must-own for every Springsteen fan.
B000OLGCI4|1.0|I picked this DVD up today and got it home to find that Disney had altered the original theatrical aspect ratio of 1.33:1 to make the movie \\"fit\\" on widescreen TVs. They did this by chopping off the top and bottom of the image. This results in the loss of a good deal of character animation (at least the tops of their heads and their feet). Trust me, I own the original Limited Issue DVD of this film and I did a side-by-side comparison as soon as I got the new Platinum Edition home. If you are a purist about original aspect ratios, please avoid this release and petition Disney to start a free disc replacement program. We should at least have the option of watching the original unaltered film the way that it was meant to be seen.<br />***NOTE: There are now user images that can be viewed for this product that illustrate the cropping discussed in my review.
1400063515|5.0|Taleb has a winner here.  The book brings a new slant to what really drives almost every trend.  Often the stock traders and predictors of political events are not just wrong, but dead wrong.  The reasons for these mistakes and others are explained in entertaining fashion in this book \\"The Black Swan\\".
B000OLGCI4|5.0|Disney Studios has become infamous for repeatedly revamping and re-releasing its most celebrated titles.  THE JUNGLE BOOK is the current title on this marketing merry-go-round, and the question inevitably arises: should you replace your earlier DVD with this the new \\"Platinum Edition?\\"  The answer is a firm \\"maybe.\\"<br /><br />Certainly there's no question about the film itself.  Released in 1967, THE JUNGLE BOOK really is one Disney's finest, a very free adaptation of the Kipling tale of a child who is raised by wolves and must break with the jungle in order to enter human society.  Beautifully animated in the classic hand-rendered style and brilliantly voiced by the likes of Phil Harris, Sebastian Cabot, Louis Prima, and George Sanders, this is a film certain to charm children and adults alike--and it is among the handful of Disney films that I have gone out of my way to keep in my library.<br /><br />But do I really need all the bells and whistles of the current edition?  The re-master is nice, but I have to note that THE JUNGLE BOOK was never actually in need of a major restoration in the same way that SNOW WHITE, FANTASIA, or PETER PAN were.  It looks great, yes, but you may not notice much difference in picture and sound between the earlier DVD release and the current one.  As for the special features--I enjoyed the audio commentary and the \\"making of\\" feature; I was also amused by the \\"lost scene.\\"  But I could not care less about the rest of the content, which ranges from the kiddie-silly to the uninspired.<br /><br />Ultimately, your decision to purchase the Platinum Edition of THE JUNGLE BOOK rests on how much of a Disney fan you actually are.  If you can't bear to let a single item go buy, or if you are particular fan of this title, by all means purchase it--you'll find it worth the money.  And if you don't own it at all, or if you're still making do with an old VHS copy, obviously this is the way to go.  But if you do own the earlier DVD edition and you are happy with it, don't feel you have to make this \\"Platinum Edition\\" a priority.<br /><br />Five stars for the film in and of itself!<br /><br />GFT, Amazon Reviewerfeel you have to make this \\"Platinum Edition\\" a priority.    Five stars for the film in and of itself!    GFT, Amazon Reviewer
0142000671|4.0|*WARNING: Don't read this review if you haven't read the book and don't want to know the ending    The book has three surprise events in the ending. The first is Lennie's killing of Curley's wife. This is shocking because Curley's father owns the farm, so Lennie could get into serious trouble. The second is when Lennie is hiding in the brush waiting for George, and he sees and hears Aunt Clara's ghost talking and later a rabbit talking. The third is not when George shoots Lennie, but when George walks away with Slim, as if the two are best pals now. This makes it seem that George did not take his friendship with Lennie very seriously, because instead of mourning his death alone, he hangs on to Slim, as if Lennie is easily replaceable and that Slim has taken Lennie's place now. I thought the ending makes George seem like a shady character, not bad enough to be called the villain, but still not good enough to be called hero of the book.
B000002HMH|5.0|LOAD, it appears, is the true litmus test of Metallica's career.  This is the album where it was tremendously popular with a lot of the grunge listeners, dominated the charts in 1996, and had heavy radio rotation.  LOAD brought in a lot of new fans for Metallica (this reviewer included), but is still highly controversial as it abandoned much of Metallica's earlier trademark sound from the 1980s, and a lot of people stopped caring about the boys after this one.  But this album is not without precedent in the Metallica canon.        The BLACK ALBUM, LOAD's predecessor from 1991, is often seen as the true turning point in Metallica's career.  Taking their progressive metal and incredibly complex songwriting (to the point it was difficult to replicate the music on stage) to its breaking point or zenith on the masterpiece ... AND JUSTICE FOR ALL, Metallica pared back their sound, and ultimately became more commercial sounding.  MTV picked up on the BLACK ALBUM's songs, and featured them in heavy rotation.  While the BLACK ALBUM disappointed some of the band's fan base, without a doubt the album helped move the band into the mainstream of rock, and ultimately greatly added to Metallica's fanbase.    While some of Metallica's long time fans were somewhat uneasy with this subtle change in the band's musical direction, by the time 1996 came around the unease metamorphosed into full-blown hostility.  And it's all due to this album.      LOAD completely changed Metallica's sound, and, for a lot of long time fans, for the worst.  Gone are the pyrotechnic solos, complex songwriting, and thrash metal mentality that carried their first four albums into the annals of rock and roll legend.  The band cut their hair, started writing songs more like alternative rock, and reached out to a new fan base.  LOAD's songs got heavy radio rotation (something that did not happen with their earlier albums), and they had several singles that charted quite high.  Still, a lot of Metallica's fans were not only disappointed but just flat-out angry with the band and quit following them after this record.    And why?  That's a good question.  I grew up with grunge, and love the early 1990s sound.  When LOAD came out in 1996, I knew I had to get that.  It was the first Metallica album I ever bought (though my brother had the BLACK ALBUM which I listened too frequently).  Those two were the first Metallica records I ever listened too      Listening to it, and without knowledge of their earlier albums, I never could understand why people hated it as much as they did.  The songs are great, and while the album is a little on the long side (79 minutes). [ In fact, for the longest time whenever anyone asked me to name a Metallica song the first one I would name \\"Until It Sleeps\\"].  In fact, \\"Until It Sleeps\\" was for a long time the one song I always thought of when I thought of Metallica.  For me, it was their definitive song (though this has changed since then).  Without the context of their career, and responding to the music itself, I loved the music and thought it had a lot of their best material.  I still think so.    Having since gone thru the rest of their albums, I now understand why people have such a hard time with this record.  While it's a great mid 1990s record, sounding very much of the grunge era, I understand now how much of a departure from their previous work it really is.  Their tempos have always been fast and furious, thrash all the way.  And now they release LOAD, and it's all this bluesy alternative metal sounding crap, and they cut their hair, and oh my God aren't they the sellouts?    Well, Jason Newsted said it best when he did admit Metallica did sell out.  They sell out every seat for every concert on their tours.  They rock the house.  And that's what counts.    While LOAD may not appeal to a lot of Metallica's fanbase, for this listener it's got some of my favorite songs from the 1990s.  The album plays like a greatest hits list of 1996, the songs were that big and that popular.  And fortunately, this is the \\"popular=bad\\" equation most people think of.  It has the epics (\\"Bleeding Me,\\" \\"Outlaw Torn\\"), the radio staples (\\"Until It Sleeps,\\" \\"King Nothing,\\" \\"Hero of the Day\\"), an almost country sounding (!!) song (\\"Mama Said), and just some flat out great rock songs (though not necessarily great metal).    Being part of the new fan base the album helped bring it, I shook my head at the Metallica purists who hated it.  Now, going thru the other records, now I understand the purists' frustration at Metallica for such a radical departure that this record represents.  It really is Metallica doing alternative.  And for those who love thrash and speed metal, to have one of the best metal bands ever turning away from that avenue can be discouraging.    Metallica has such a successfully realised metal sound, and their four 1980s albums are all fantastic.  Those records are masterpieces.  LOAD, and its sequel, are not the masterpieces the early albums are.  But that doesn't mean they bad.  Far from it.  To be fair, it's hard to do a follow up to an album like MASTER OF PUPPETS, one of the definitive metal records of the 1980s.  Though LOAD and RELOAD are not as good as the four, there's not very many records that are that good, they set such high standards.    In the ensuing years since its release, my esteem for the album has very slightly lessened, but this has more to do with their success on their earlier records than anything critical about this one.  While their earlier work are unequivocal masterpieces, the LOAD era is a different animal altogether, and Metallica were trying to find a new sonic identity.  They still feeling their way into the new artistic direciton.      While the purists may be right their earlier work is better, it does not change the fact LOAD is one of the best hard-rock albums of the 1990s, and is still probably my sentimental favorite, if not my critically favorite anymore, of all of Metallica's albums.    Chart Positions   Album: #1  Ain't My Bitch: #15  Hero of the Day: #1  Until It Sleeps: #1  Mama Said: #24  Bleeding Me: #6  King Nothing: #6
0440238609|5.0|Ordered this product on a Saturday and it was delivered on Tuesday even with normal delivery.....very satisfied
B00005JPRG|2.0|The one thing I can honsetly say that I did not like was not getting an explanation for what happened during Alice's time with the Umbrella Corporation.Also the notable absence of Jill Valentine or Angela, the doctor's daughter.All in all the movie wasn't bad,but it seems to leave more questions than answers.I would have liked to have seen Alice's powers progress more seeing that in the last movie she was taken away to a facility where she could master them better.Still,it was a good sci-fi horror action movie.
0689870280|5.0|my daughter loves this book!  we used to read a different story each night, but we have been stuck on this book for a couple of months, now.  the story is fun and the pictures are bright, cute and great for kids to look at.  it is the perfect length and works great for our night time reading ritual.
B000EGEVZK|2.0|I bought this out of curiosity how they sounded on live dvd but man skip button is very useful on this one.The sound quality is poor, just stick to the cd box sets and forget about their dvd releases for now.
1416523359|1.0|Steve nearly killed me with LISEY'S STORY.  This 500-page monster could use, no kidding, a 50% reduction...and that could be accomplished by merely removing all the repressed-memory foolishness.  King's written about characters with faulty or erased minds before, but here, the whole \\"Oh no, we MUSTN'T think that, Lisey\\" motif seems included only to bulk up the story-length.  The title character has NO reason not to remember crucial moments in her life/marriage.<br /><br />Made-up language is often annoying with King (e.g.,the DARK TOWER series) and this is a career low.  All the bools, bad gunkies and gomers read like desperate (failed) attempts to create a magical and intimate atmosphere.  All I experienced was the author trying way too hard.<br /><br />Story-threads left untied can be tantalizing and draw one deeper into a story; LISEY'S many loose ends are the result of poor editing, I think.  The novel's stance doesn't jive with unsolved mysteries (what, exactly, is a bool?  Atonement?  Riddle?  Offering?  Clue?  Answer?  Misspelling of \\"boon?\\").<br /><br />Lastly, LISEY'S STORY is frustrating bacause it focuses on the mediocre while--right over there!  Beyond the Sweetheart Trees!--fascinating ideas slide right by, in the shadows, in the corner of your eye, reflected in a glass of iced tea.<br /><br />On the upside, King is publishing as quickly as ever, his last novel (CELL) was wonderful, he's got a new one due in January, 2008 and he's the...king...of the rebound.  Cheers.
B00005MP58|5.0|\\"IT is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife.\\"<br /><br />Will Darcy & Lizzie ever realize they truly love each other? Well, you probably know the answer already, but this 6-hour adaptation of P&P is really the only version that matters to people who love the book. Others have tried, but fail to capture that is great about the book and its time-tested characters.<br /><br />Colin Firth (who is thinner here) is the handsome controlled Darcy whose pride keeps him from admitting that he loves Elizabeth Bennet even though her family is annoying. Jennifer Ehle is lovely and down to earth and makes one of literature's favorite female characters come to life. Watch as she deftly undercuts Mr. Collins' attempts at matrimony and wields a big stick with Mr. Darcy's attempts as well.<br /><br />Six hours may seem like a lot at first, but you'll be glad you watched this. It will make you immune to the 2005 version.<br /><br />You don't have to have read the book to enjoy, but you will want to after you watch this. Other versions to watch: Bride & Prejudice.
0345448162|3.0|I've heard many times how life-changing and amazing this book is.  While MZB is a great writer, and I admire the book, I just can't get myself to like it.  I've tried reading it, and just haven't been able to get into it.  The fact that the most likable characters manage to get bumped off, and everyone is doomed to misery just does not make me want to continue.  I like the depictions of the period, especially the pagan religions, and I liked the instigating Morgeause, but this book felt to me more like a slow painful journey than an amazing read.
B000RJO578|5.0|When I purchased this movie, I had never seen it and that's a big deal to me. It was based on a recommendation from an entertainment board that I belong to.<br /><br />I loved it. My husband loved it. What's NOT to love? Simon Pegg & Nick Frost up to shenanigans again. It starts out slowly but it picks up very nicely pretty early on building until an huge ending.<br /><br />If you like silly American buddy police action movices you'll love this. I love Point Break (for all its cheesiness) and combined with a staid country town, and it's a doozy. Agatha Christie's Miss Marple, it's not.<br /><br />You may need to have the subtitles on just for clarity, but it's pretty easy to understand these guys compared to some of the shows they have on A&E or the Biography Channel (thinking Midsomer Mysteries). It's not going to save the world, but it's great fun for a couple of hours!
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Don't get me wrong--I love Springsteen's forrays into folk and country (\\"We Shall Overcome\\" was one of the greatest country records of the year), but there's just nothing like the power of the E Street Band when they're all on the same page, when the music just flows forth and the electric guitars ring and the sax blazes to unholy life...<br /><br />Okay, so I'm over-dramatizing a bit...but dammit, it's just good to have the E Street Band back again.  MAGIC isn't exactly Springsteen's best record...although I'm sure somebody out there would debate that statement, and rightfully so...but there's something about it that grips you and never lets go.  Springsteen isn't shooting for much lyrically, throughout most of the album; as he cries in the opener and first single: \\"I just wanna hear some rhythm!\\"  Most of the album remains non-political, though it's hard to ignore certain remarks (\\"Don't worry darlin, now baby don't you fret/We're livin' in the future, none of this has happened yet\\").  Still, those slightly-political statements are often followed with catchy guitar hooks, or a chorus of na-na-na's.<br /><br />So whether Springsteen and company are making a statement by NOT making a statement, one thing is clear: they're having a grand old time doing whatever it is they're doing, and you're having a grand old time listening to them do it.  MAGIC kicks off with the charging \\"Radio Nowhere,\\" threads itself through a few other rockers, hits some ballads, and ends with the beautiful \\"Terry's Song.\\"  All along the way it's...well...it's magic.
B000TGJ80S|4.0|Like many who love this movie, knowing that Coppola reportedly had to submit something like 38 different cuts of the film to the MPAA before they'd give it the passable blessing of an \\"R\\" rating, I've assumed that the version released to the public was drastically compromised and that, someday, a \\"director's cut\\" would be released that would be at once more wickedly graphic and cinematically substantial than the theatrical cut.  At the very least, for years I've been hoping that Criterion, who had distributed the film on laserdisc, would put out a new, comprehensive DVD set of \\"Bram Stoker's Dracula\\" with the missing (practically censored, I'd imagined) footage along with extras that would shed light on all the gory details fans have been waiting to sink their fangs into.    Well, as it turns out, that ultra-transgressive \\"director's cut\\" doesn't quite exist as I (and many others) had envisioned.  What we have here is a brand-new transfer of the same movie as it was released in 1992, together with an outstanding commentary and extensive video introduction by Coppola, some great featurettes and documentaries, and that deleted material, which does not contain the reels of censored were-beast ravishment and full-frontal-Monica-Bellucci vampire-bride orgies that I had somehow built up in my mind.    The transfer is noticeably sharper and cleaner, but it does seem overly dark in places, and I expect more fan-boy \\"controversy\\" about how correct the colors are in this print.  (I still have my Superbit copy, and though I haven't compared the two, there's a difference.)  What's more, in a few shots I noticed barely visible transparent horizontal bars scanning across the screen.  It didn't seem to be a problem with my monitor, but some sort of video glitch in the transfer-scan, part of the actual digital print.  At any rate, the new print impressed me in places, disappointed or outright irritated me in others -- far from a reference-quality transfer, with the flaws evidentlyall the more visible on the Blu-ray disc, I have read.    The documentary extras are all beautifully produced.  There is the definite sense that F. F. Coppola and his production company were responsible for all of the supplemental material, not a DVD producer working out of a cubicle at Sony Pictures, and that alone makes this set worth buying.  Even the simple, slim packaging is nicely done.    That's basically my two cents on this edition of the DVD, but I'd like to make a couple of modest points about the film itself.    First:  No, the movie doesn't follow the book to the letter, nor was that Coppola's intention.  All of Coppola's comments on the film illustrate how incredibly knowledgeable he was, and is, about Stoker's novel and the factual history behind the Dracula myth.  The book is a classic, but it is not great literature; it's a gothic potboiler full of clumsy narrative techniques, egregious historical and medical inaccuracies, silly characters and dialogue, a mish-mash of ideas taken from now-forgotten but once-popular vampire stories, etc.  Anyone familiar with Coppola's work knows that, as one of the few filmmakers with a genuine familiarity with and appreciation of literature, it is his custom to include the name of the author in the title of a film he has adapted from a written work (hence, \\"Mario Puzo's The Godfather,\\" the original, complete title of that movie).    Second:  All the above taken into consideration, I believe Coppola's version is the truest in spirit to Stoker's novel (seconded, perhaps, by Guy Maddin's \\"Dracula\\"), even though the storyline is divergent from the book.  Like the book, this movie is a gonzo gothic potboiler, kinky and compelling, and each outlandish exclamation point at the end of virtually every line of dialogue delivered by Anthony Hopkins is an echo of its source material.
B000PFUA9G|5.0|Brad Paisley has quickly proven himself to be one of country's most talented artists.  A true singer/songwriter/musician, he routinely crafts some of the catchiest, wittiest, countriest music gracing radio today.  His voice is smooth and melodical, yet he never hesitates to spoil his nice-guy image by dropping a dirty joke or two (\\"I don't highlight my hair/I've still got a pair/Yeah honey, I'm still a guy\\" he deadpans).<br /><br />5TH GEAR is easily one of Paisley's finest records.  There's not a song on here that doesn't shine in some way.  Even the cliched tunes sparkle; The Trent Willmon/David Lee Murphy tune \\"Better Than This,\\" while a hick anthem, does bring something new to the table (\\"If a bus load of women, really good lookin' women, just suddenly pulled in here\\" Paisley cheers).  And even on \\"It Did,\\" Paisley's performance soars (although, let's face it, soon or later the narrator has got to realize that things really will get better, even if he thinks they can't).  Even the Carrie Underwood duet \\"Oh Love\\" is enjoyable, even if too many frequent listenings will leave you going \\"oh God.\\"<br /><br />The true highlights of the album, though, are some classic moments.  \\"All I Wanted Was a Car\\" is a hilarious forray into adolescent longing, as is the whistful and stellar \\"Letter To Me,\\" and the hysterical \\"Online.\\"  \\"Some mistakes are too much fun to make only once,\\" Paisley boldly declares, then goes into a modern-day outlaw tale of a man on the run for the law (\\"Hey hey, Mr. Policeman/Bet you I can run faster than you can\\").  The gospel number at the end will leave you crooning, and the closing instrumental will leave your heart racing.  Even \\"Ticks\\" is enjoyable...and halfway clever, actually.<br /><br />Paisley's talent is this: he makes traditional country music, but polishes some of it up just enough so that it gets played on contemporary radio.  He's already a member of the Grand Old Opry, he's known as one of country's true traditionalists, and he's made fans of country fans new and old.  5TH GEAR isn't really anything new--but it's nothing short of absolutely great country music, from one of country's true (and far too few) musicians.ew and old.  5TH GEAR isn't really anything new--but it's nothing short of absolutely great country music, from one of country's true (and far too few) musicians.
0143038419|4.0|Most people can relate to the break-up of a relationship and the physical/emotional drain we experience.  I'd recommend this to the singles, the marrieds, and the inbetween.  Straight or gay.  It's not just a book about divorce but self discovery.
0001046314|4.0|Great for a quick tape of the best Bradford book.  Note that it's \\"British\\" english.
0920668372|5.0|It was my Kindergarten teacher who introduced me to this book when I was about five years old. It was a hard time for me at that age because my mom was gone a lot but this book made it a little easier. The song \\"I'll love you forever\\" still rings true today and occasionally I even get a little misty eyed. Looking back I remember singing it to my grandmother who couldn't help the tears that filled her eyes and a slight smile on her face when she hugged me \\"Your right little one and it will never change\\". It's a comforting book about love between parents and yes even grandparents that passes on generation to generation.     This is one of my favorite children's books and will remain so. However I believe that sadly now we are becoming more and more politically correct  and thats unfortunately effecting our children's books. Judge for yourself but remember that sometimes if you look to closely you lose the magic completely :)
0739313126|5.0|Asorbing - you won;t want to stop listening.  (Much more thrilling than reading the book.)
B000H7JD4A|3.0|It's okay but they have yet to top Killers. Brave New World is still the best they've released in recent years. Clive Burr, get well soon. He was the best drummer the band ever had. Nicko's good too, it's just that Clive had a feel that really defined him.
B000TUXL2A|5.0|This album, fifth in an increasingly complex series, has created enormous controversy amongst the denizens of a forum dedicated to Mark Knopfler and his music. There seems to be little middle ground here; there are those who bewail the fact that this album, in its sweet, understated beauty, lacks the drive of Mark's early years. Still others - mostly those who have sailed along on this long boatride with him into musical oldsterism - are charmed by his ever-more-prevalent folksy leanings. It isn't that he doesn't still have it, as anyone who has attended his recent shows can attest - he can still smoke his way through \\"Speedway At Nazareth\\". It seems to be, rather, that he is more interested in exploring the essential roots. He's classed himself as a 'roots music' writer and performer. It doesn't get much more rootsy than this.<br /><br />The album opens with \\"True Love Will Never Fade\\", a song about a tattoo artist (he got the idea from a book called The Electric Michelangelo - a good read, by the way), and it's clear with the first verse that his voice is improving with every album. No longer a growl, it's warm, introspective, affable...and loaded with longing, the vocal equivalent of a fine red wine. The music is gentle, never overbearing, and voice and instruments complement each other. The next song, \\"The Scaffolder's Wife\\", injects flute into the mix, and turns the piece into a haunting word-picture. Further in, \\"Heart Full Of Holes\\" - my favourite - is another haunting tale which starts out peaceably enough until you read all the lyrics and realize the narrator, an elderly pawn shop owner, is a survivor of horrific events that come out fleetingly and elusively through the words he speaks.<br /><br />Mark Knopfler is a master at representation, of portrayal, of spinning a tale you want to hear to the end. I get a picture in my mind of the crafty tinker gathering everyone around him by the fire at night to hear his magical tales. This is that picture. Mark is no longer just to be revered for his guitar work...actually he was always a first-rate songwriter, but the blazing licks he used in the past to bolster his songs sometimes overshadowed the words. Now he is in partnership with his guitar, a meeting of equals, old friends that finish each other's sentences.<br /><br />This is an album to savour, to listen to from every angle. You may be ambivalent on the first hearing, but I almost guarantee you that if you have always appreciated his music in the past, this is an album you cannot help but think about at odd moments in your day. I find myself hearing bits of it here and there throughout my waking hours.o longer just to be revered for his guitar work...actually he was always a first-rate songwriter, but the blazing licks he used in the past to bolster his songs sometimes overshadowed the words. Now he is in partnership with his guitar, a meeting of equals, old friends that finish each other's sentences.<br /><br />This is an album to savour, to listen to from every angle. You may be ambivalent on the first hearing, but I almost guarantee you that if you have always appreciated his music in the past, this is an album you cannot help but think about at odd moments in your day. I find myself hearing bits of it here and there throughout my waking hours.
B00006ZXSK|5.0|Looking at the hundreds of glowing 5 star reviews here, I am glad to see there are very many fans of this smart retelling of Cinderella. I fell in love with this movie since it first came out years ago and I still watch it over and over to this day.<br /><br />Okay, so it's not BBC masterpiece theatre and the accents are iffy. However all the actors are wonderfully cast - Angelica Huston is superbly conniving and manipulative as the stepmother but Dougray Scott and Judy Parfitt standout as the prince and queen mother respectively. The dialogue and storyline is both funny AND smart.<br /><br />Drew Barrymore is quite the revelation in this film. Yes, her character Danielle is kind, intelligent and strong but it's the scenes where she's vulnerable that stands out in my mind.  In the scene where she brushes her stepmother's hair, watch Drew's big luminous eyes shine with hopeful longing for a mother's approval and love. And later in the film when the Baroness coldly rejects her as a \\"pebble in a shoe\\", the stricken expression on Drew's face just breaks your heart.<br /><br />Ok, now to my complaint about this dvd. Where are the extras?! Where are the deleted scenes, \\"making of\\" shorts and interviews? I hope the producers see the all glowing reviews here and reissue this with all the extras!
B000V8I2QU|5.0|I've listened to Bruce since he first started getting radio play in New York before the \\"Born to Run\\" days. This CD is a return to that magic that happens when he performs with the E Street Band (and yes, I really liked The Rising as well). Listening to this album brings back the same type of pleasure when I first bought The River back in 1980 (The River SO needs a remastering job). If you like early Bruce, you're going to like this. It's that simple.
B000UGG3A0|5.0|Here's the deal with \\"The Meanest of Times\\": Fans of Dropkick Murphys' first two albums, the more punk-oriented \\"Do or Die\\" and \\"The Gang's All Here,\\" probably will love this album. Fans of the band's most recent three albums, the more Celtic-oriented \\"Sing Loud, Sing Proud,\\" \\"Blackout\\" and \\"The Warrior's Code,\\" probably will think it's a step in the wrong direction for the band.    Personally, I think on \\"The Meanest of Times\\" Dropkick Murphys finally has found the perfect combination of its punk and Celtic roots. All the Celtic instruments are present, but they're generally played in unison with the guitars instead of by themselves. Also, Al Barr and Ken Casey's gang vocals have never been better than here, especially on the album's blistering first four songs.    Along with Against Me!'s \\"New Wave,\\" it's looking like \\"The Meanest of Times\\" could become one of my favorite punk albums of 2007.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|It's simply amazing.  Bruce, once again, puts out an album of great music that is both thoughtful and inspiring.  This one sounds great at high volumes while driving, while the lyrics can be read like poetry.  These days, when \\"musicians\\" are known more for their antics than their music, it is good to know that Bruce and the E Street Band can still deliver.
B000URDEB0|5.0|I've been a fan of Nightwish ever since Century Child came out. When I read that Tarja was kicked out, I was saddened since I loved the sound of her voice with the heavy metal/rock sound. When it was announced Annette was to join the band, I was curious to know how she would sound with the band...<br /><br />And I'm not disappointed. Dark Passion Play is excellent, perhaps one of their best albums to date. Annette is very different than Tarja in how she sings, and IMHO I think she fits better sound-wise with the band.<br /><br />Highly recommended album!
B000LAZDQA|3.0|Well, a perfectly executed self-performed fellatio sort of begins when you see the movie.(ha). Couples sex therapist Sophia (Yin-Lee) is treating gay couple James and Jamie as they struggle with monogamy. She tells them that she has never had an orgasm, so they introduce her to a club called \\"Shortbus\\" and dominatrix, \\"Severin.\\" One thing about this movie, it actually does have some depth to it.  There is always a penis, a breast or someone or some people have explicit sex some place on the screen and one, two or more exploring each other's sexuality and minds.<br />Just another day in New York I guess.
B000R7HY0K|2.0|Wish I had rented this rather than buy it, solely based on the hype and Tarantino reputation.  I wanted everyone to die a horribly gruesome death by the time this snoozer ended.  Alas, only smattering of satisfaction was to be had. QT should compensate those who wasted our money on this looser by giving us Planet Terror. I can only hope it's not the stinker this one turned out to be.
B000UFAURI|4.0|The album is definitely a natural progression of what the band did with \\"In Your Honor,\\" this time fusing delicate acoustic with rowdy electric within most of the songs, with satisfying results. Still, most of the songs here don't follow the traditional pop verse-chorus structure, and as such aren't immediately memorable. But once you get an idea of how each song unfolds, it can be a rewarding listen.     While it's easily more solid throughout than the longer \\"Honor,\\" there isn't quite a \\"Best of You\\" here. Some songs full of potential for greatness are let down by a rather bland chorus, and repetition of lyrics is another problem in places. Even some of the more consistent tunes are nearly spoiled by outros that don't quite seem to end things on a high note.    \\"The Pretender\\" sports the standard-issue aggressive Foo chorus, but the delayed gratification makes it better, thanks to a great 90-second build-up. \\"Let It Die\\" isn't the first or last song here that goes quiet-to-loud, but the start-and-stop path along the way makes this one stand out. Unfortunately, Dave's primal screams seem a bit forced at the end here, as the music doesn't quite match the ferocity of the vocals. \\"Erase/Replace\\" is a heavier, sober, inconsistent number.    \\"Long Road to Ruin\\" is an addictive pop-rock number that's fairly straightforward, but a lot of fun. A nice change of pace made even better by one of the band's best guitar solos. One of those Foo songs that makes you glad to be alive. \\"Cheer Up Boys\\" is another uptempo rocker that lightens things up after another pair of slower, disappointing songs in \\"Come Alive\\" and \\"Stranger Things Have Happened.\\"     \\"Summer's End\\" is a laid-back, bouncy sing-along that shows off the diversity of the band's sound (think \\"Good Day Sunshine\\"), and another great guitar solo. But it'll probably be a puzzler for the more old-fashioned Foo fan. The instrumental \\"Ballad of the Beaconsfield Miners,\\" while pleasant, isn't quite as adventurous as it could've been.    \\"Statues\\" is part 1 of an excellent 1-2 climax, and possibly the best track here: sweeping, evocative, and moving. The band pulls out all the stops here with an orchestral background, accordion, two delicate guitar solos, and a piano utilized so well it makes you wish they'd use it more often. \\"But Honestly\\" follows it up with the final, and most cathartic, use of the album's acoustic-to-electric motif. Great interplay on vocals from both Dave and Taylor, followed by fun, out-of-left-field guitars and drums to finish things out.    \\"Home\\" is a simple, somber epilogue, heavy on piano but also with some drums and strings in the second half (though guitars would be a welcome addition). The lyrics are rather straightforward, and perhaps a bit too reminiscent of Lennon's \\"In My Life.\\"
B000MNP2KI|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater and I knew I had to own it. Daniel Craig does an outstanding job as James Bond, and as always has some beautiful women backing him up(Eva Green - yummy).  The story line was well written, and all the acting was top notch.  I look forward to many more Bond movies with Daniel Craig and crew.  Get this one if you haven't already!
B0000C8AQM|3.0|I only gave this three stars since I basically purchased this CD for two of the songs it contained. The CD is a compilation of music from the movie. There were only two songs from the movie on the CD that really stood out for me, but my son liked them enough that I was willing to purchase the CD for him. The rest of the CD isn't bad, it's just that the songs didn't stand out enough for me to purchase it if it wasn't for those two songs.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Both artist are now gone but not forgotten, jam on Albert and Stevie, Jam on....
B000BKJ78K|5.0|Great product, great movies and lots of action!! LOve the love story of Han and Leia!!
B000T17ZW6|1.0|bad bad bad... dont buy this CD. the sound is totally distorted, low sound, bad quality mastering! 0 stars
B00005MP58|5.0|I've viewed them all, and no one does it as well as this excellent production. Colin Firth is simply perfect, as is his 'Elizabeth'!
B000I2J6K0|5.0|I absolutely love this video.  I ran marathons before my pregnancy, and was looking for more of a workout that most prenatal videos provide. This was what I was looking for -- the workouts really make me sweat and have toned my body.  I do the partner workout before work in the mornings (you can do it without a partner) and do the entire workout once or twice a week.  I am in my third trimester and I couldn't feel better.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Bruce sounds great on this disc.  I am so happy he reunited with the E Street band.  I bought this CD today after watching the videos for \\"Radio Nowhere\\" and \\"Long Walk Home\\".  \\"You'll Be Comin Down\\"  is a reminder that a person returns to his or her roots at some point in life.  I love the  track \\"Magic\\" too.  It is a beautiful song that features Steven Van Zant on the mandolin and Soozie Tyrell playing the violin.  \\"I'll Work For Your Love\\" is another gem on this disc. \\"Last To Die\\" is a song for the countless number of people who die because of a mistake.  This song is very touching.  \\"Devil's Arcade\\" is a slow visually descriptive song about the little things we love about the person we are involved with.<br />Bruce's harmonica playing on \\"Gypsy Biker\\" is very good.  \\"Girls in Their Summer Clothes\\" is a sweet song about the innocence of youth.  Livin For The Future is an excellent song of hope. I love all of the tracks on this disc.<br /><br />The musicians of the E Street are the best.  Clarence Clemons is superb  on the saxophone on these tracks. Max Weinberg is such a good drummer.  He provides the beat on these tracks.  Bruce's wife Patti provides nice background vocals. The musicians in the E Street Band are so talented.  This disc is the Bruce's best work in a decade.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|After watching the movie (which i loved), I had to go out and get the soundtrack. I've been listening it to it over and over and have let my friends borrow it too. The music and voices are absolutely beautiful and breathtaking!
B000UCEJEQ|3.0|(Note: This is a reposted, expanded version of my original review that includes second-day impressions of Songs of Mass Destruction . . .)<br /><br />I've been in awe of La Lennox for more than two decades and have followed the gorgeous unfolding of her career in real time. Against all odds, she's been perfection--whether with Mr. Stewart or solo. Rationally, I knew she'd eventually miss the mark, but I suppose I envisioned an Annie Lennox collection with a few ragged spots; diminished or flickering perfection if you will.<br /><br />What I wasn't prepared for was Songs of Mass Destruction--Annie's Big, Dumb, In-Your-Face American Album. I'm staggered and, frankly, still trying to wrap my head around the claustrophobic production and multi-tracked self-indulgence. Imagine Ann Wilson being produced by Jim Steinman. The voice remains amazing--but in this case, it's like jaw-dropping John Coltrane solos mashed-up with Bat Out of Hell tracks. Yikes.<br /><br />Perhaps Songs of Mass Destruction will sell truck loads, proving me out-of-step with the majority of her admirers. But paradoxically, one of the main reasons I listen to Annie Lennox is because I never willingly listen to discs like this one. Which probably accounts for this queasy feeling that creative directors at major ad agencies with American car accounts are sitting up and taking notice of these songs: Big, over-the-top soundtracks for Escalades hissing down rain-slicked streets.<br /><br />One of the consequences of production that pushes Lennox two inches off the tip of your nose is that the songs themselves are foregrounded as never before--the only possible use of this collection is for Undivided Listening. Doubtless, that was the intent; I can't imagine anyone reading the Sunday New York Times with Mass Destruction playing in the background. But now that Annie has our complete attention--what's being offered?<br /><br />Overall (and of a piece with the aggressive production), it's a painfully obvious collection--47 brick-through-plate-glass-window minutes of grave sincerity and no nuance whatsoever. It's a succession of Big Moments with Big Labels: Art, Politics, Womankind (her term, not mine), Global Problems, et. al. Not forgetting, of course, that Big Title itself: Songs of Mass Destruction. Someone needs to explain this to me. The infamous \\"weapons of mass destruction\\" were never found--and that means exactly what for this set of songs? That they're similarly illusory? That, like the namesake weapons, the songs are an excuse for (intellectual) aggression? Unfortunately it smacks of grand gesture--a title chosen simply because it sounded Political, Important and Smart in a Sunday-morning-pundit way.<br /><br />Not surprisingly, then, the songs' biggest collective problem is their sanctimony. Though Lennox has been headed this way for a while, with Mass Destruction, she's joined the twee, sloganeering ranks of Bono and Sting. The Entertainment Tonight substitution of celebrity for expertise is on display here. One of the dodgy  arguments seems to be `I have one of the great singing voices of the past 100 years and I've made very popular synth-pop--so listen to me about Feminism.' But I wonder if the logic works the other way? Based on her impeccable credentials, would we equally humor Gloria Steinem if she said `Hey, I'm a guiding light of Feminism--so listen to my new synth-pop release.' I'm thinking probably not . . .<br /><br />I guess I can't shake an annoying tendency to see distinct and important differences between a pop album and a lecture series. I'm not saying that pop can't be bludgeoned into the form of a lecture; unfortunately, it happens all the time. But be honest--when was the last sunny Saturday morning where you woke up, slotted \\"Where Have All the Flowers Gone?\\" and just cranked that sucker up? Yeah--me neither. It's the same reason \\"Do They Know It's Christmas?\\" is notably absent from practically every iPod playlist in the world. Pop, meet Lecture Series--Lecture Series, meet Pop.<br /><br />And natch, all this High Seriousness comes with its own equivalent of a PowerPoint presentation: Apparently the deluxe edition of Mass Destruction features track-by-track Lennox Commentary. The mind reels at the need for an adjunct explanation of \\"I've seen too much/I know too much/I hurt too much.\\" Might I gently suggest that this is not really the same as Ingmar Bergman clearing up an obscure point on a DVD edition of The Seventh Seal?  I'm just saying. Looking back, however, this approach was anticipated by Annie's back-of-jewel-case Cliff Notes that carefully explained the Approved Interpretation of Bare's cover image.<br /><br />Ultimately, Mass Destruction is forcing me to re-examine Lennox's body of work. Essentially, she's been in two long-term artistic collaborations her entire career--Stewart and then Lipson. Has she always been this irritatingly obvious and humorless? Did Stewart and Lipson somehow manage to counterbalance these tendencies? Maybe the big mistake has been hunkering down with Glen Ballard--who's never met a rock anthem he didn't like. Here he functions as an enabler of Annoying Annie, rather than acting as a collaborator.<br /><br />I'll be very interested to see how this recording fares. It seems to fall between a lot of cracks: Too much mainstream California Angst for founding members of her fan base, not rocking enough for the crowd that once bought Heart albums. Too nominally smart for the Middle America and yet too naive for someone like me. From my vantage, Pet Shop Boys' Fundamental is precisely the collection that this release desperately wants to be. That I'm happy to trade Neil Tennant's dusty vocals for the transcendent high notes of La Lennox is evidence that content really is still king--even in pop.<br /><br />Personal to Ms Lennox--Presumably, you still have Stephen Lipson's number in your speed-dial. Please keep it there, and next time, for god's sake, make that call.<br /><br />If you need me, I'll be getting the taste of this thing out my mouth with repeated plays of Bare . . .<br /><br />UPDATE (10-09-07): Songs of Mass Destruction entered UK album charts at #7--the lowest entry for a Lennox solo release to date. \\"Dark Road\\" entered the UK singles charts at #58, making it the first solo Lennox single to miss entering the British Top Forty.<br /><br />UPDATE (10-21-07): In Lennox's second week on the UK album charts, Songs of Mass Destruction dropped 11 places to #18. On the US Billboard Top 200 Chart, Songs of Mass Destruction also fell 11 places; from its Week 1 entry at #9 to a Week 2 spot at #21.<br /><br />UPDATE (10-26-07): In its third week on the UK charts, Songs of Mass Destruction falls 21 places to #39. On the US Billboard Top 200 Chart, Songs of Mass Destruction falls 7 places in its third week to #28.<br /><br />UPDATE (11-02-07): Lennox's fourth week on the UK charts shows Songs of Mass Destruction falling an additional 18 slots to #67. On the US Billboard Top 200 Chart, Songs of Mass Destruction falls 15 more slots to #43., all this High Seriousness comes with its own equivalent of a PowerPoint presentation: Apparently the deluxe edition of Mass Destruction features track-by-track Lennox Commentary. The mind reels at the need for an adjunct explanation of \\"I've seen too much/I know too much/I hurt too much.\\" Might I gently suggest that this is not really the same as Ingmar Bergman clearing up an obscure point on a DVD edition of The Seventh Seal?  I'm just saying. Looking back, however, this approach was anticipated by Annie's back-of-jewel-case Cliff Notes that carefully explained the Approved Interpretation of Bare's cover image.    Ultimately, Mass Destruction is forcing me to re-examine Lennox's body of work. Essentially, she's been in two long-term artistic collaborations her entire career--Stewart and then Lipson. Has she always been this irritatingly obvious and humorless? Did Stewart and Lipson somehow manage to counterbalance these tendencies? Maybe the big mistake has been hunkering down with Glen Ballard--who's never met a rock anthem he didn't like. Here he functions as an enabler of Annoying Annie, rather than acting as a collaborator.    I'll be very interested to see how this recording fares. It seems to fall between a lot of cracks: Too much mainstream California Angst for founding members of her fan base, not rocking enough for the crowd that once bought Heart albums. Too nominally smart for the Middle America and yet too naive for someone like me. From my vantage, Pet Shop Boys' Fundamental is precisely the collection that this release desperately wants to be. That I'm happy to trade Neil Tennant's dusty vocals for the transcendent high notes of La Lennox is evidence that content really is still king--even in pop.    Personal to Ms Lennox--Presumably, you still have Stephen Lipson's number in your speed-dial. Please keep it there, and next time, for god's sake, make that call.     If you need me, I'll be getting the taste of this thing out my mouth with repeated plays of Bare . . .    UPDATE (10-09-07): Songs of Mass Destruction entered UK album charts at #7--the lowest entry for a Lennox solo release to date. \\"Dark Road\\" entered the UK singles charts at #58, making it the first solo Lennox single to miss entering the British Top Forty.    UPDATE (10-21-07): In Lennox's second week on the UK album charts, Songs of Mass Destruction dropped 11 places to #18. On the US Billboard Top 200 Chart, Songs of Mass Destruction also fell 11 places; from its Week 1 entry at #9 to a Week 2 spot at #21.    UPDATE (10-26-07): In its third week on the UK charts, Songs of Mass Destruction falls 21 places to #39. On the US Billboard Top 200 Chart, Songs of Mass Destruction falls 7 places in its third week to #28.    UPDATE (11-02-07): Lennox's fourth week on the UK charts shows Songs of Mass Destruction falling an additional 18 slots to #67. On the US Billboard Top 200 Chart, Songs of Mass Destruction falls 15 more slots to #43.
0375758992|2.0|I read this book before Ms Fuller's \\"Scribbling the Cat\\".  I am the same age as Ms Fuller, and also grew up in small Rhodesian towns.  I found the racism and generalisation that all white Rhodesian are racist very offensive.  Some of my best friends when I was growing up were black children, and if I or my siblings had behaved towards black people the way Ms Fuller and her family did we would have been severely disciplined.  This book made me ashamed to be a white African, and I actually have no reason to feel that way.
1892005034|5.0|I love NVC.  I teach at a community college and used it in a class for Adult High School and also taught it to staff.  I felt unsure of myself and thought it would be better to train to do this in person with Marshall.  However, insecure or not, Marshall's techniques DO work with anyone in my life, when I use them.  One idea of Marshall's was adopted by a fellow teacher in her classes with great success.  A former teenage student came to me and said she wanted to be able to talk to everyone in her life like this, but she can't because no one she knows talks this way and they'll think she's nuts.  sigh.  I also taught Byron Katie's \\"The Work\\" and think these two things have a lot in common and could be used together with great success.    Marshall's book is easy to read, understand, and apply, although as I said, the application is not the way we do it normally. I used exercises in my class from companion books based on Marshall's work like, \\"The Compassionate Classroom\\" and got so much from them as well.  Other books written by Marshall, specifically, \\"Speak Peace in a World of Conflict\\" and \\"Life-Enriching Education\\" need fresh examples and material.  I do so wish that schools would adopt Marshall's NVC.  I wanted my daughter to have an experience in school of being listened to with empathy, but it rarely happens.  sigh.    These books on NVC would be so helpful to anyone who is tired of complaining about relationships that don't work and wants to create an alternative.  Go for it!
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|SOMD (Annie's 4th Solo Recording) is a very powerful album and definitely worth the wait. I've been a fan of Annie's singing since way back in the early 80s'. As all AL's songs have, SOMD strikes right where a song should, track-wise. Track 8 (Coloured Bedspreads) really stands out and caught my attention...and I truly believe it could/should be Annie's next single. The arrangements in this particular song are dramatic and edgy, which remind me very much of \\"How Long\\" from the Eurythmics CD \\"We too are one\\".<br /><br />Over the years, Annie's styles have evolved and I simply adore all 4 solo albums. With Bare and SOMD, Annie uses more of her upper range, which is jsut as powerful, clear and edgy. Her voice still sends chills when I listen to SOMD, and her lyrics are chilling and clever. That's why the woman is a living legend. She makes being an music industry icon look so easy. SOMD has an edge which her previous albums lacked, and the album as a whole, continues where Bare left off. Obviously having Glen Ballard as an inspiring producer has helped.<br /><br />Since \\"Dark Road\\" was available for download online, I've had it on my myspace page...and the song really set the soundscape of my mood and my page for the past few weeks. \\"DR\\" is the perfect opener for SOMD and I believe Annie will gain many new fans because of this beautiful song and video.<br /><br />Package-wise, here's what you'll find:<br />The cd comes in a jewel case with a 12-page booklet. The inside (traycard) has no artwork, so the cd is resting on a dark brown, almost black background. The booklet is fully illustrated, featuring full lyrics & song credits. The recent photos we've seen of Annie on the net are NOT in the booklet. But the 3 photos you'll find in the booklet are all based upon the artwork/style of the front cover. I think these photos are beautiful and showcase Annie as she's rarely been seen before. Dressed in a large tulle gown with gold lam&eacute; halter top, she's looking splendid and fierce. Annie is unlike any other artist in the current music industry, to the point where you can't tell her age. Only Annie can play around with such clever imagry and such.<br />Photography: Mike Owen<br />Design: Allan Martin<br /><br />Emotionally charged, song after song, SOMD pumps out nothing but pure brilliance. Filled with pain and the power to overcome it all, Annie knows how to use her singing/songwriting gift to its fullest potential. Since 2003, she's only proven to us that she's gotten better with time. None of the material on SOMD is transparent or commercial. Everything hits home right where it should. Each song tells its story and has a strong purpose and place on the album. SOMD goes to all four corners of the music spectrum and back, allowing us a fair taste of Annie's fierceness and softer, velvet-smooth side.<br /><br />Fierce is the exact word to describe Annie at this point in her career. Just by looking at the photo of her in the middle of the booklet, you'll see what I mean. Spread the word and buy this album for your family and friends. It's not a forgettable album and is certainly one of those gems which will quickly grow on you. SOMD definitely deserves more than 5 stars.other artist in the current music industry, to the point where you can't tell her age. Only Annie can play around with such clever imagry and such.  Photography: Mike Owen  Design: Allan Martin    Emotionally charged, song after song, SOMD pumps out nothing but pure brilliance. Filled with pain and the power to overcome it all, Annie knows how to use her singing/songwriting gift to its fullest potential. Since 2003, she's only proven to us that she's gotten better with time. None of the material on SOMD is transparent or commercial. Everything hits home right where it should. Each song tells its story and has a strong purpose and place on the album. SOMD goes to all four corners of the music spectrum and back, allowing us a fair taste of Annie's fierceness and softer, velvet-smooth side.    Fierce is the exact word to describe Annie at this point in her career. Just by looking at the photo of her in the middle of the booklet, you'll see what I mean. Spread the word and buy this album for your family and friends. It's not a forgettable album and is certainly one of those gems which will quickly grow on you. SOMD definitely deserves more than 5 stars.
B00002428O|5.0|No point in trying to describe this album, it sounds like nothing else.  Pure dark beauty.
B0009353IW|4.0|I first heard this CD last summer (06) while I was on vacation visiting British friends in France. Ironically, I was reading a book about Robert Moses and the wrecking and paving of neighborhoods in New York City while took place around the same time as the bulldozing of the Chavez Ravine community- why I was reading all this in France is beyond me, but there you have it. I thought, and still do think, that \\"Chavez Ravine\\" is quite beautiful, if a bit odd; it fits right in with the other Ry Cooder records I've heard which are beautifully played, peculiarly written, and often a bit edgy. He doesn't sound like anyone else, which is all to the good.     My favorites on this CD are \\"Poor Man's Shangri-La\\", \\"Chinito-Chinito\\", and \\"Third Base, Dodger Stadium\\"- they are as good as anything Ry Cooder has written that I've ever heard. I don't understand more than a few words of Spanish, so much of the lyrics are lost on me unless I follow along with the translation, but it doesn't hurt the experience. It's beautiful music, and the bittersweet story of what happened adds to it even if you don't get all the words.     Besides, it reminds me of France, and of New York where I grew up. How's that for loose associations?
0345479092|1.0|I bought this book when my baby was four months old.  I tried every technique in there (early waking, cluster feedings) and nothing helped.  I ended up baby \\"Happy Child, Healthy Sleep Habits\\" and he basically debunked all her theories with science and baby sleep studies.  I tried his theories and now I have a great baby who developed into a toddler that sleeps so well!  This book is seriously a waste of time, I need to sell mine or give it away.  This woman has no real or scientific experience with babies, I would love for to come to my house and use it on my child, because I will promise you that her stuff doesn't work.  Plus, at nine months, giving cluster feedings won't help, babies wake up at that age because of habit or neurology, not because they're hungry.  It was just such a waste of money!
B000RZIGZ4|4.0|...for a 20+ year old movie, the original master was preserved incredibly well: the quality of the HD-DVD video is second to none. Loud colors - black detail - perfect for home theater.    Sound is wonderfully mastered, too.    BUT - why oh why - not a single special feature. The menu has a pause/resume option, an audio/subtitles option and a scene selection option. That's it. Would have been a 5* but for that.
0061122416|3.0|I was looking forward to this book, and I must admit I am a bit disappointed with the outcome.  I give three star because I don't want to be too harsh (I think the reader who offered a one star and called this book pure trash is quite misguided!).  Part of my disappontment is a result of my poor research on this book as I did not realize it had some biblical influences, and, although that's all nice and fine, those are not the books I am interested in.  This being said, I did find this story to be rather typical, run of the mill, story about one, perhaps via a godly intervention, following his/her dream and discovering the meaning of life in the process.  I found myself looking forward to the end of the book, just to be satisfied with my having completed it to then put it away.  For a book that is supposed to be very inspirational, I am finding myself rather uninspired by its message.  Perhaps it is a result of my lack of interest in inspirational books.  In any case, I am glad this was a quick read.
0743486285|5.0|To tell you how good this book really is, the first day I got it, I only had a few minutes to read and read about 30 pages. The next day, I started reading the book and save for a few bathroom breaks, didn't stop until I had finished it. To say it is an emotional roller coaster is a *huge* understatement. After reading it, I am surprised, yet *so* thankful that we still have Nikki with us!
B000K15VSA|5.0|...but I will be seeing more BLADE RUNNER than ever before.  The one-star review from the guy in Flagstaff has a point: we're reviewing something we haven't seen.  BUT the serious BLADE RUNNER fans aren't completely in the dark on this project.<br />Just look through the other reviews: they have the entire history of the versions down!<br /><br />I remember watching BLADE RUNNER in Columbus, Ohio in the summer of 1982 to a mostly empty movie theatre.  There was me, my brother and a friend.  And we all loved it and couldn't figure out why more people weren't onboard for it.<br />(Everyone else was at that other summer movie in '82: Spielberg's E.T.  Other complaints I'd heard was that BLADE RUNNER wasn't the kinetic thrill ride of Harrison Ford's previous movie, RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK).<br /><br />When I went away to college, BLADE RUNNER was being screened in the Student Union in the mid-1980s.  When I went back to visit a few years ago, BLADE RUNNER was STILL being screened in the Student Union (talk about a time-warp: sitting there with an ex-girlfriend who still lived there 20-some years later with BLADE RUNNER playing nearby).<br /><br />I know I'll be first in line to get this 5-disc Ultimate Collector's Edition and will watch all the discs.  I've read the excellent \\"Future Noir: The Making of BLADE RUNNER\\" book and recommend it for the serious fan.  There have also been a series of excellent magazine articles this year since it's the 25-year anniversary of the film's release (you can probably google them).<br /><br />There were two movies in the summer of 1982 whose look and influence are still being felt in film: BLADE RUNNER and THE ROAD WARRIOR (MAD MAX 2).
0440418569|2.0|Throughout the Dark Materials trilogy you can see Pullman gradually moving away from great character development and plot, to a virtual manifesto for Atheism. This in itself can't be faulted too much, except these books are generally \\"marketed\\" toward a young audience, however the books characters, events and overall story are sacrificed on the altar of his personal anti-religious agenda.    As others have stated, there are many plot devices and character traits that are simply abandoned: one wonders why they were in the book in the first place (one example: the species the mulafa are warring with).     If you are a \\"free-thinking\\" new-age left-winger, this book is perfect for you. If you are a typical, mainstream, religion-respecting person who enjoys good storytelling, you can do better elsewhwere, and I would not recommend this book to anyone under the age of 15.
B000AAF1U4|4.0|David Spade leads a cast in what is possibly Disney's best animated production; At least for those in the 30+ crowd. Strictly low cal in the moral of (the) story department, the single message is to play well with others. The rest is pure entertainment.
0753820250|4.0|The protagonist, Daniel Sempere is the son of a bookstore-keeper. At the age of 10, he finds a rare book by one Julian Carax in the \\"Cemetery of Forgotten Books\\". After finishing it, he finds out that there's someone who is trying to destroy all existing copies of Carax's books. This is how begins a complex plot that lasts about 10 years, and involves lots of mysteries and original characters.<br /><br />\\"Original\\" is a good summary of this book. On one hand a typical thriller, but on the other hand not quite. There is something special about this book, about the way it is written. It's not a deliberate page-turner like many modern fiction novels aspire to be, although it could be, since it's obvious from the start that the author has the skill to make it so. Instead, its plot unfolds in a more relaxed tempo, spanning over a longer period of time.<br /><br />There are many exciting characters in this book - like Fermin. This guy made me laugh quite a lot, he's a hysterically funny guy. Inspector Fumero is also a very unusual and interesting character, in his own wicked way. Another character is probably the city of Barcelona, where all the plot takes place and that's described beautifully.<br /><br />I like books about books, so \\"The Shadow of the Wind\\" was a delight in this aspect. Additionally, I felt there's a certain closed loop in it - the enigmatic resemblance of Carax's and Sempere's lives. The difference is that Carax's life turned extremely tragically, while Sempere's ended well. There's a strange kind of emotionality hidden in this concept, and I found it very moving.<br /><br />To conclude, this is a very good book. I can't say it's perfect - the author seems a bit inexperienced and there are some omissions and inconsistencies. However, in the whole, I loved reading it and hence recommend it.
B0000T6JH4|5.0|I've never liked LET IT BE.  It's an absurdity: some of the best material The Beatles ever recorded presented alongside... some of the worst.<br /><br />LET IT BE failed in many ways, and not least because it highlighted the central problem in the band at the time - that John was in a creative tailspin and completely absorbed in his affair with Yoko while Paul was immersed in his art and reaching his peak.  What Spector needed to do, he couldn't do.  Given a long recording of the horrendous and embarrassing \\"Dig It\\", he thought he could minimize its damage to the album by cutting it shorter.  No way.  He also thought he could lighten the mood with a bit of charming pub-song.  Not!  Before this project could work, both \\"Dig It\\" and \\"Maggie Mae\\" would have to go.  Now they're gone.<br /><br />LET IT BE... NAKED is essentially three successive groups of songs:<br /><br />1) Paul, John and George blues-rock (\\"Get Back\\", \\"Dig a Pony\\", \\"For You Blue\\")<br />2) Lennon-McCartney retro numbers (\\"Two of Us\\", \\"I've Got a Feeling\\", \\"One After 909\\")<br />3) George, John and Paul \\"spirituals\\" (\\"I Me Mine\\", \\"Across the Universe\\", \\"Let It Be\\")<br /><br />The sequencing of these songs by composer is palindromic - P  J  G  /  JP  JP  JP  /  G  J  P - a subtle tribute to John, who early on did some notable numbers utilizing harmonic (\\"Ask Me Why\\") or structural (\\"I'll Be Back\\") palindromes.  Also, in that the playlist both begins and ends with Paul McCartney (\\"Get Back\\" and \\"Let It Be\\") the new album acknowledges Paul as the driving force behind the project and the principal composer in the Beatles at that time.  Filling out the list and separating groups one from two and two from three are the two love songs - Paul's \\"Long and Winding Road\\" and the newly added alternate take of John's \\"Don't Let Me Down\\" (nice move!).<br /><br />There are some revelations in the newly scrubbed sound. Prior to the release of this disc, I'd never enjoyed \\"I've Got a Feeling\\" at all, thinking it crude and uninspired and the enthusiasm contrived and unconvincing.  Now however, with George's and John's guitar interplay evident, we hear what the guys were responding to.<br /><br />I'll admit I would have been happier with the girls' voices restored to \\"Across the Universe\\".  I also wonder about the decision to keep the Spector extension of \\"I Me Mine\\", but now I'm just quibbling.<br /><br />To those who might say that LET IT BE, as soundtrack to the film, shouldn't be tampered with, I'd say that LET IT BE is not A HARD DAY'S NIGHT.  The guys didn't set out to do a film; they merely filmed themselves rehearsing in the studio.  In 1970, the band, frustrated and out of patience with one another, tossed this stuff off onto Spector and allowed it to be released as a \\"soundtrack\\".  This new disc is the welcome result of the survivors having given up that pretense, and now we have a beautifully edited album which can stand with their others.
0071410945|5.0|Don't let this little book fool you. Although it has only 48 pages, the brisk contents are packed with powerful stuff.<br /><br />According to the publisher, the ideas in the book were first presented to advertising students in 1939 & then published in 1965 - thus having stood the test of time. More importantly, the author, James Webb Young, was a driving force behind the creation of the modern advertising industry, and is one of advertising's most honored educators & practitioners.<br /><br />As the title suggests, the author outlines a simple, easy-to-use five-step approach to idea generation. He also explores the importance of making idea generation a vital part of everything you do.<br /><br />What I really like about this book is the author's principal premise: Ideas are just novel combinations of old elements, & we must keep thinking about them, which give order to new experiences!<br /><br />I strongly recommend you to buy & read it. It will definitely, despite its brevity, coach you to become a better problem solver & a more creative thinker. Best of all, you will also gain a valuable perspective that will enable you to jump start your team's creative juices at work!
B000URDEB0|5.0|I really enjoyed listening to this new album of theirs. I haven't yet seen them live but next week I will. My favorite song from this album would be \\"Bye Bye Beautiful\\" only because it sounds great. The rest of the cd is not bad.
B000SFZ05C|1.0|Ouch!  First, let me say, I've been a Cult fan my whole life, through the line-up changes, producer changes, image changes, et cetera.  But this is the first album I'd call a true disappointment.  Even \\"Ceremony,\\" often maligned as their worst, had enough decent songs to not make it horrible (Earth Mofo, Wonderland, etc).<br /><br />The first thing that hit me... cheap sounding production.  It really sounds like it was recorded on someone's home computer.  And producer Youth, being a bass player, seems to focus the most energy on the bass.  So you've got a band that hasn't had a long-term bass player for nearly 20 years making a bass-oriented groove rock record... with lousy sounding drums.  It's just unfathomable.  Especially coming off the hard-as-nails \\"Beyond Good & Evil.\\"<br /><br />Since The Cult rely very heavily on the overall sound and production, as opposed to classic songwriting, the bad production doesn't allow for much slack.  Ian seems to be left adrift without any real melodies or hooks.  Billy comes in and out, most of the songs being structured around the bass/drum \\"groove.\\"  Yikes!  It really almost sounds like Ian & Billy guesting on someone else's album.<br /><br />Overall, this sounds like a good demo.  There are some good ideas here and moments of Cult-like rock-ness.  Now maybe if they took this demo to Bob Rock, then we could get a real Cult album out of this mess.  What a disappointment.
B000LAZDQA|2.0|A friend bought this film out of curiosity, watched it and was going to toss it but first asked me if I wanted to see it. So I \\"borrowed\\" it. (I eventually tossed it.) My first reaction was that it was laughable. Next reaction, it begs for a new flm rating -- PWP ... or ... PORN WITH PLOT. One reviewer here asked where they could get more films like this ... try an adult bookstore. Another reviewer compared it to Caligua. No comparison. Production values alone in Caligula far outweigh those in Shortbus which are weak and mostly non-existent -- even the Georgina Spelvin \\"The Devil In Miss Jones\\" (1973) had more than Shortbus. There have always been artists (and I use that word loosely here) that try to push the envelope when they create their art. But Mr. Mitchell doesn't.  Robert Mapplethorp, for example, was a brilliant artist. Mr. Mitchell isn't. As far as originallity, I would suspect that the context for singing the National Anthem might be original but then again, it could be borrowed from some legitimate porn film. There's nothing really new about this film that has been done before ... except ... the clutter of hardcore sex in among the plot.    I'll sum up by including a quote from Aisha Tyler:    \\"From the title, I was expecting a film about mentally challenged kids going to school. Instead, it was a film by a mentally challenged filmmaker who should have gone to film school\\"
B000Q6GXW2|3.0|This film is a about a great director and 1 good actor. Butler is great as usual. The rest of the casts tries but unfortunately their trying can be seen. They are simply not natural and lack the charisma. The director's shots are simply stunning. He is going places.
B000Q7ZNEK|5.0|For many DM fans, amidst the chaos and aftermath of Songs of Faith and Devotion, it was a strange era indeed, with most of us wondering what would become of the greatest electronic band of all time?  With the substance abuse problems of lead singer, Dave Gahan, and the sudden departure of key member, Alan Wilder, the future of the Godfathers of techno/electronica seemed highly uncertain.  But as it happened, none of these things would stop the passion of the remaining members from creating more truly expressive and inspiring music...proving, just as they'd done earlier in their career, that despite the losses, Depeche Mode would live on.        Things got off to a rather fragile/shaky start (at first) with what we all refer to now as the \\"Ultra sessions.\\" Actually the original idea was to get together for a proposed short EP release, with only a handful of songs initially being recorded.  But as it turned out, this collaboration went so well that Martin, Dave, & Andy found themselves working together again in the studio with the ideas and enthusiasm flowing and gelling together nicely.  Any previous problems seemed to fall by the wayside.  It was also a nice idea to get Tim \\"Bomb the Bass\\" Simenon to sign onto the project as producer, having previously first worked for the band in the late 80s on remixes of \\"Everything Counts\\" & \\"Strangelove.\\"  Tim's familiar presence helped to keep things steady, which allowed for a much lighter atmosphere, without a lot of stress and pressure.        The first track and first single off the album: \\"Barrel of A Gun,\\" was a very bold choice.  Whether Martin wrote this song with Dave in mind as his own personal influence or not, the song itself seemed tailor connected to Gahan, on many levels.  The music video that would follow only made this realization much clearer...with a rather pale faced Dave blowing bubbles in a bathtub, later found strolling blindly through outdoor corridors with eyeballs painted over his closed eyelids, anda look of cold death upon him.  This was probably the darkest we'd ever seen Dave in a music video...much darker than even any of the videos from SOFAD.  The shots of Gahan staring straight into the camera (with that chilling stare and deathly grin of his) while his hair begins to dance around and change shape into different hairdos is both funny and terrifying all at the same time.  The song itself is richly dark and moody, with a great beat and electronic feel to it that any fan can appreciate.        The second single off Ultra would be the biggest hit from the album as well as hearken back to the band's earlier techno sounding greatness:  \\"It's No Good\\".  With a nicely heavy and fast moving beat along with an electrifying, yet hauntingly surreal sound quality, \\"It's No Good\\" represents Depeche Mode at their very finest.  The music video is another highlight and subsequent standout, showcasing Dave as a has-been front man way passed his prime, who still thinks he's the greatest thing in the world.  There's even an interesting storyline involved, as the band performs at some lowlife dive, while their cash payment is stolen by some guy.  When Gahan rubs his fingers together asking for his money, and the owner just sort of shrugs, not knowing what happened to it, Dave's girls and the rest of the band walk out, with Dave going after them, screaming, \\"C'mon!  It's no good!  Losers!\\"  It's truly a classic music video with director/photographer Anton Corbijn at the top of his game.           Two wonderful lead vocal tracks by Martin Gore can also be found on Ultra, including The Bottom Line (a slow, moody number) and the album's third single: Home.  It's a lovely piece, with a nicely done orchestral accompaniment, along with Martin's very passionate voice work and emotionally affective guitar playing.  Home is definitely one of Martin's personal best and a true highlight from Ultra.  The music video is also a very interesting visual interpretation of the song, with whatappears to be an angel-like figure walking around and observing human interactions and emotions (some happy, some sad), which are all quite thought provoking.        Other standouts from Ultra include Useless (the fourth and final single from Ultra), Sister of Night (which is performed on the album by Dave but has since been performed live by Martin), The Love Thieves, and Insight.  Q does a fine engineering job, while Kerry Hopwood & Dave Clayton handle the program duties for the album admirably.  There isn't too much of a noticeable sound difference between the original 1997 CD release and this 2007 remastered 10th anniversary edition.  But the 5.1 and DTS audio mixes found on the DVD are worthy of purchase all by themselves.  As with all the DM remastered album editions, additional songs (\\"Only When I Lose Myself,\\" \\"Surrender,\\" etc.), live tracks (\\"Barrel of A Gun,\\" \\"It's No Good,\\" & \\"Useless\\" all from London `97) and a documentary (Depeche Mode : 1995-1998 \\"Oh Well, That's The End of The Band...\\") are also included on the DVD.         While some will still say that Alan Wilder's contributions are sorely missed, Ultra still holds its own without him, and shows us once again that Depeche Mode are here to stay, and will continue to do so for years to come.          Stay Devoted!      Ultra (Remastered) - \\"Like a cat dragged in from the rain, who goes straight back out to do it all over again...I'll be back for more.\\" - M.L.Gore
B00005JPFH|2.0|Much has been said about the movie. I am dissappointed that there is no origin of Venom and Sandman feature. The features boast much about the special effects work of the movie. Unfortunately the movie suffers from great effects but poor execution and story line.
B000PDZJ1W|5.0|With their 10th original studio album and first release of the new millennium, Depeche Mode set out with the intention of broadening their horizons by changing directions and subtle music styles.  Best known for their heavy techno & electronica laden music, with many fast beats and strong vocalizations, the Mode, along with producer Mark Bell, decided to leave the more heavy electronic beats and dark melancholy influences of previous DM fare, for a much lighter, dreamier and almost fairytale-esque tone.  Here instead we find Depeche feeling very positive and optimistic about life and love in general.  This would be the template for what would be known as: Exciter.        One of the interesting things about Depeche Mode is the songs they choose for their first single to every album.  It's usually something very different and/or experimental, yet still retains some kind of classic sound that they're known for.  \\"Dream On,\\" the first single off Exciter, is just that.  It's an acoustic guitar driven number, with very light electronic sounds, reminiscent to some extent to that of \\"Personal Jesus,\\" but with a lyrically faster pace and surreal tone.  The lyrics themselves are on the darker side. (\\"You can scratch all over but that won't stop you itching.\\"), while the music itself, which still sounds moody, has a much more positive feel to it.  As the song opens, you hear lead singer Dave Gahan quietly whisper, \\"Can you feel a little love?\\" which is actually quite an interesting introduction to the album itself.  The phrase, \\"Dream On\\" is also a perfect way to describe Exciter as a whole, being taken on some kind of magical journey, as if you're floating along or even flying, in some sort of dream state.        Obviously the more you're willing to accept this musical style, the more you'll enjoy Exciter.  Songs like \\"I Feel Loved (the second single off the album) \\"Shine,\\" & \\"I Am You\\" all reflect this same kind of positive influence.  \\"I Feel Loved\\" is a clear standout, asit is one of the faster tempo'ed songs, with a bit of a jazz feel to it, which is great to dance to.  Along with \\"Dream On\\" the songs that do have a bit of a darker edge to them, lyrically and musically, are \\"The Dead of Night,\\" with its diabolical outlook on life (\\"All that we live for you'll regret...all you remember we'll forget.\\") and \\"The Sweetest Condition.\\" (\\"It's a sad disease, creeping through my mind, causing disabilities of the strangest kind.\\")      As always, Martin Gore provides two lead vocal tracks: \\"Comatose,\\" & \\"Breathe.\\"  \\"Comatose\\" reinforces the idea of a dreamlike state of mind for the album, while \\"Breathe\\" is more of a standout between the two, with its nice guitar and voice work from Martin. (\\"Tell me this whole thing is madness and we're doing fine.\\")  But to really hear Martin get into this song, check out his live version from the \\"One Night In Paris\\" DVD, where he really cuts loose.        The two instrumental tracks: \\"Lovetheme,\\" & \\"Easy Tiger,\\" at about 2 minutes each, are practically over before they really begin, but are used more as transitional numbers than anything else.  Check out the full 5 minute version of Easy Tiger on the bonus tracks section of the DVD to get a much better feel for that song.  The remaining love songs: \\"Freelove,\\" (the third single from the album) \\"When The Body Speaks,\\" (with that great electronic heartbeat-like tempo flowing throughout it) & \\"Goodnight Lovers,\\" (the fourth single from the album) are what make up the rest of Exciter.  Dave Gahan really gets an opportunity to show off his more softer and vulnerable side, as he croons and swoons his way through this lovely set of memorable love tunes.        As one might expect, there isn't really much difference between the original 2001 CD release of Exciter and this 2007 CD version (unless you buy the UK SACD edition).  The real reason to grab this 2 disc set is for the 5.1 and DTS audio mixes of the album found on the bonus DVD.  Listen to Exciter on a whole different level like never before.  Also included on the DVD are additional bonus tracks, including the memorable B-side Stooges cover, \\"Dirt,\\" the single Flood mix of \\"Freelove,\\" and the lovely acoustic version of \\"When The Body Speaks.\\"  For some reason a handful of live tracks from the \\"Live In Paris\\" DVD (about 5 or so) are also included.  I recommend just picking up the `Paris DVD instead, as you'll get the entire concert to listen to.  Finally, there's the documentary: Depeche Mode 1999-2002 \\"Presenting The Delicate and Intimate Side of Depeche Mode,\\" which chronicles the Exciter era quite well, with interviews by the band members and others, and a nice way to conclude Depeche Mode's back catalog of Remastered Album releases.  Looking forward to more continued glories from Martin, Dave, & Andy.        Stay Devoted!        Exciter (Remastered) - \\"No hidden catch, no strings attached...just freelove.\\" - M.L.Gore
B000V8I2QU|5.0|I've been waiting for an album like this from Bruce for a long time, probably since Born in the USA. This is Springsteen doing what I prefer him doing: Straight-ahead, simple yet profound rock. I love every one of his albums but would rather not have him sacrifice song listenability in order to say too much along the likes of some of the cuts off of Ghost of Tom Joad, or the sometimes forced-sounding The Rising. Most of Devils and Dust wasn't this memorable. This album's easy to enjoy with nice melodies, crunchy guitars, and Bruce's voice sounds full and renewed. All in all a welcome and exciting addition to my favorite artist's deep catalog.
032147404X|4.0|my boyfriend loved this book that i bought him. it had great tips and the writer is hilarious!
1594489505|5.0|I've just spent the last two hours reading a large proportion of the reviews here on Amazon for Khaled Hosseini new novel, \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns.\\"  It's been over a year since I read \\"[[ASIN:1594480001 The Kite Runner]].\\" I finished \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns\\" a few days ago.<br /><br />I didn't set out to read so many reviews, but the more I read, the more a pattern started to emerge that I wanted to verify.  This is what I discovered.<br /><br />Most people, whether they rated the book three, four, or five stars, said that they enjoyed the reading experience, and that they would recommend the book to other readers. They were spellbound by the characters and their harrowing tale of emotional and physical survival. It was an eye-opening experience for them to learn about the history, people, and culture of Afghanistan--a country so often in the news.<br /><br />But why the wide differences in ratings from people who all really liked the book and recommended it to others.? And, why did so many readers start off their reviews by saying that they were disappointed?<br /><br />Simply, it comes down to two very different types of readers. The lovers of modern literary fiction were disappointed. The lovers of well-written popular fiction were overjoyed.<br /><br />The popular fiction lovers couldn't help but love both \\"[[ASIN:1594480001 The Kite Runner]]\\" and \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns.\\" These people loved the experience of being submerged in a compelling plot that took them on a journey to a world they knew little about. They were enthralled by the many fully believable, yet totally alien characters, and they were spellbound by the strange other-worldly story lines. These readers cared little about the craft behind the novels. I'm sure they were aware they were reading a well-written novel, but they had no real desire to know why that was so.<br /><br />On the other hand, the modern literary fiction readers believed that they had discovered an exhilarating new author. These folks found Hosseini's prose fresh, open, gentle, perceptive, and intimate. They were eagerly awaiting Hosseini's new novel. When these readers finished Part One of the new novel, they were pleased and thought they were settling down for another wonderful literary treat.  However, that feeling quickly disappeared as they started reading the following three parts. As the structure of the novel began to unfold, these readers could see that the author had taken on a huge literary task, one far bigger than he could handle. Many felt that Hosseini was trying to squeeze what amounted to an Afghani version of \\"[[ASIN:0307266931 War and Peace]]\\" into a brief 350-page tale. In an effort to move the plot along and cover 40 years of recent Afghani history in the remaining three parts, something had to be sacrificed. What the readers started seeing was that the important secondary characters lacked depth, backstory, and believability. They started to appear more like stereotypes. Naturally, these readers were sorely disappointed.<br /><br />Finally, there were a smaller number of reviewers who found significant political dishonesty in the story. They viewed the author as having purposefully managed the story line to avoid anything that might show American intervention in Afghanistan in a poor light.<br /><br />So what do I believe? For me, \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns\\" is easily a five-star winner. Yes, I saw the change in depth of characterization what occurred after Part One, and this disturbed me. Yes, it became obvious to me that the author was carefully crafting the tale to avoid anything that would displease a Western audience, and this disappointed me. So, why was it still so easy for me to rate this novel with five stars? It is because the story was so amazingly spellbinding! It physically and emotionally transported me to a different world. In the last three parts, it was easy for me to let my mind create plausible backstories to flesh out the stereotypes and make these secondary characters more believable, and I did not dwell on the fact that this was unnecessary in Part One. I enjoyed my active participation in the story; it brought me deeper inside the plot. And perhaps best of all, this book taught me a great deal about Afghanistan.t dwell on the fact that this was unnecessary in Part One. I enjoyed my active participation in the story; it brought me deeper inside the plot. And perhaps best of all, this book taught me a great deal about Afghanistan.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|I have several of Bruce's previous studio albums.  I consider myself a casual fan, and while I enjoy his previous work I've never really been grabbed by one like this before.  This CD is just amazingly well written and catchy.  I tend to prefer his more rockin tracks with the E Street band, and there are plenty to enjoy here.  My favorites are Radio Nowhere, Livin In The Future, Gypsy Biker and Last To Die.  If you havent picked this up yet, I highly recommend it.  My only complaint would be I wish it was a Dualdisc (do they still make those?) with the album in 5.1 DVD-audio on the flip side like his Devils and Dust release.  5 star release.
0812550757|4.0|Why Politically Incorrect? Mr. Card's work ends with the piggies firmly choosing to accept the benefits of a technologically superior culture. Freedom of choice is good, according to western standards. However, every choice has a dark side, and, in our modern world, when cultures meet, often the \\"less advanced\\" culture has been severely tainted, or even destroyed, regardless of the benign intentions of the \\"more advanced\\" culture. As a result, there never is truly a freedom of choice for such people, and modern societies are held responsible for the destruction of indigienous cultures, regardless of their good intentions.      To say that the piggies \\"freely\\" chose to pursue the technology and culture that Andrew Wiggins offered is an impossibility. They had no free choice since they could not fully understand the consequences of their actions.       As a result, if anyone other than Mr Card had written this book (with his extensive writing and humanitarian credentails), I cannot help but wonder how this book would have been received.
0743486285|5.0|When I heard that Sixx was putting out his diary as a book I couldn't wait to read it. It was more compelling than I imagined. All the private stuff from his life and the behind the scene descriptions of the GIRLS tour was amazing. I was and always will be a Crue fan. And now with Sixx giving us a glimpse into his tortured head, their songs,(for better or worse) have new meaning.
B000TGJ8CQ|4.0|i saw NEXT last year during screening for crew and stuns people.  i like nick cage's performance and also jessica biel is awesome.  i have no problem watching this movie until the end i ask myself in the screening,what the hell happen? i don't like the ending but overall it is   good action movie.i hope there will be sequel too.
0780624890|4.0|\\"I give her 50/50 do you remember Mr Crispy at the hospital\\" great halloween movie.
B00004X10B|5.0|I use this bag for work, therefore I needed something that I can depend on not to break in the field.  Holds (3) cameras easily.  I know it says two but if you can get creative it will hold (and does) 3.  It also holds three batteries, three SLR (1 digital 2 35mm) two extra lenses, as well as a ton of film.  Again I highly reccommend this bag, my job requires that I am hard on my equipment and this bag is up to the task, but what do I know?  My opinion, buy it I am sure you won't return it.
B0001RVQM8|4.0|This 2005 debut recording from Jonathan Biss immediately displays authority, self-confidence, and a whirlwind technique.  In the two years since its release the young American pianist has gone on to much better things, however, and therefore I'd rate this the least of his current output.  To me, he feels impatient and overly explosive in the 'Appassionata' -- he comes close to banging. The clattery moments mar a reading that otherwise shows real stature -- Biss's later CD of four Beethoven sonatas displays more maturity. The Beethoven Fantasy deserves its obscurity -- it's a rackety, sprawling faux improvisation with too many outbursts and too little genuine inspiration.<br /><br />Schumann is another great strength of Biss's, but I am prejudiced against the Davidsbundlertanze, which provides too many similar segments and no overall unity -- Biss clearly relishes the work, however, and throws himself into it, perhaps too crashingly at ties. In sum, despite his enormous gifts, I think Biss makes the same mistake as many yo9ung pianists given their first big break. He wants to convince us with might and main that he deserves to be heard. Frankly, he didn't have to try quite so hard. EMI's close-up, raucous piano sound doesn't help.
0066620996|4.0|This was a very interesting book for me to read. I have to imagine that I am in a pretty narrow target market for this book, though the concepts may be broadly applied. I work for a small business and can see many opportunities to put this book's findings to work.     The book tells the various stories of companies that made a transition from a market participant to market leader and saw sustained success for at least 15 years. The author was able to identify a few common factors between these companies, and he and his research team present them as a model for us to follow.     I had but one small issue, which is probably not information that contributes to the rest of the research. They detail radical decisions made by upper management, sometimes completely changing the face of an established business. I figure there must be a largely disproportionate number of business that fail when they made the same or a similar move. I would have liked to see some detail behind how those successful companies came to make that decision. The decision itself was largely overlooked.     Like many \\"business\\" books, I feel that much of what was written here was largely common sense. They weren't necessarily ideas that I have had or would have come up with on my own, but as I read them they seemed mundane in analysis. It made the reading slow going, but there was a silver lining -- for instant gratification, each chapter ends with a few pages of main concepts extracted from the text.     There was some very insightful research in Good to Great. The common elements identified were relevant and practical. It would not be an easy model to follow, but if it were it would defeat its own purpose to isolate those corporate characteristics that set successful companies apart. If you have ever wondered what steps you should follow to take your company from Good to Great, this is a book you should read (even if it is just the chapter summaries).
B000NVIXDW|5.0|even if you weren't into his type of music before i bet you will be after you listen to this cd.   this was the first cd that i bought of Michael's and i LOVE IT! it's like having a modern day Sinatra singing.   he can just melt your heart with most of the songs on this cd, by far my favorite though is Everything...you just wish it was you that inspired that song.   if you haven't listened to it yet..check it out...and buy the cd you Won't regret it...i didn't!!
038572179X|2.0|Atonement is a novel about... well, nothing. This book isn't all that thick, but reading it feels like an eternity. This is supposed to be a tale of love, a tale of two characters who are brought apart by horrible circumstances. So why is it that I never actually did find a semblance of love in this story? Or a semblance of plot for that matter? The characters are always interrogating themselves, to the point of being very annoying.    The book starts with an incredible chapter where a young girl is tryin to stage a play for her brother who she hasn't seen in ages. But that afternoon, Briony sees her older sister Cecilia swim naked in front of their neighbour and hired hand Robbie. That event changes her life forever.     And after that? Well, the book falls into an oblivion of tired cliches. A young girl is attacked and Briony falsely accuses Robbie of the crime. Of course, every one believes her even though everyone knows this young girl is a dreamer and has a tendency to lie. Worse, we never actually do feel the love between Cecilia and Robbie. They are supposed to be lovers, and yet Cecilia only discovers her feelings for the boy on that very doomed day? They spend seconds alone together and that makes them lovers?    The book then brings us through a series of cliched war events. Robbie, after a jail stint, is brought to fight for London. Cecilia becomes a nurse. Soon enough, Briony follows in her footsteps. Nothing new is offered here. I'd seen it all before, and much better written. Pages after pages of meaningless battles, of nursing dying patients... in these parts, it's almost as if the first half of the books if forgotten and put aside simply to incoroporate these war events in the story.     There is a very interesting chapter in this novel where Briony has sent a story to a magazine and receives the notes from the editor. The editor tells her that the story was nicely written, but to not 'dwell for quite so long on the perceptions of each of the these figures. Simply put, you need a backbone of a story. Our attention would have been held even more effectively had there been an underlying pull of simple narrative. Development is required.' I wish McEwan would have read his own notes, because this represents the book's problem. This is all talk, all thoughts, and no action. No real plot. No real narrative.     I love literary novels, but I still need an ounce of narrative to make me care about it all. No matter how great the writing it, without a plot, you story means nothing. Strip away all the introspection from this story and you are left with a few pages of plot. That's simply not enough to sustain a novel that is nearly 400 pages long. Atonement has some good ideas, but they are lost in a rambling, repetitive and meaningless narrative.
B000V8I2QU|2.0|Great lyrics and song writing with the usual powerful \\"E\\" Street production.  However, my opinion of the studio mixing is between bad and poor.  \\"Magic\\" would have been three times what it is with normal mixing.  Sounds like the studio mixer had his equipment set up in the basement.  Almost can't listen to it.
B000MZHW40|5.0|I've never been a fan of Leonardo DiCaprio. He has that Tom Cruise curse where he looks like a boy performing in a man's role where he never seems convincing or credible... until this movie. Even if this movie proves not to be very successful in sales, I believe this will be a successful turning point for DiCaprio. This is an oscar performance pure and simple. This does not make me a DiCaprio fan persay... but I definitely will be more enthusiastic about viewing one of his future movies. I highly recommend this film, not only because of him - but for many, many other reasons. It is well written, directed, and acted by all. Probably the best movie I've seen in a long time.  ema  : )
B000002KIK|5.0|Ive heard that Ozzy didnt do much on this album and showed up for single takes.  If thats the case I think its great.  I like all the albums and Never Say Die and Sabotage are my favorites. This is a beautiful album, but thats just my thoughts.
B000002QWD|5.0|This is the greatest Christmas albumn of all time. Period. End of story. Next topic.
B000MV9026|5.0|I really wasn't sure what to expect from this movie but was happily surprised when i saw it...it is cute family humor.   Previous people's entries were right that there isn't a lot of 'typical' storyline meaning behind the movie (there isn't really a villian in it) but the story is easy to follow and there is great singing done in it.   Hugh Jackman, Nicole Kidman, Robin Williams and Brittany Murphy do some of their own singing in the movie as well. for me that was somewhat a shock, when i read the credits and saw that...it made you want to watch it over again just to pay attention to the singing.   overall, i think this movie was worth buying. i've watched it over again a few times.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Not since \\"The River\\" has Springsteen had such a powerful album that has incredible lyrics and great music.  In many ways, it is better than \\"The River\\", which tends to have some fluff (being a 2 cd set).  There are some instant Springsteen classics on \\"Magic\\" that fit in well with his all time classics off of Born to Run and Darkness on the Edge of Town (my all time fav Springsteen album).  My favs are Last to Die, Long Walk Home, Gypsy Biker, Devil's Arcade and I'll Work for Your Love.  I am amazed over the striking lyrics, especially on Gypsy Biker, Long Walk Home and Devils Arcade.  This music will work great live and I can't wait to catch them in concert.  What other artist in history has produced such an amazing spectrum of work, over such a long period of time, with so many different styles?
B000LE1GVW|5.0|Paolo Nutini is an amazing singer.  You will not be dissapointed with this cd.
0743454537|4.0|I couldn't wait to read this book and am happy I did.  Although, after reading it, I decided to put Jodi Picoult away for a bit.  I read 4 of her books in a row and they have a way of getting you where it hurts.  This book was very well written, as usual.  I felt very bad for both sisters.  I found myself emotionally tied to the entire family, with the exception of the mother.  I felt she was very tunnel visioned and couldn't see Anna as any more than a \\"donor\\".  All I know is for someone who doesn't cry, I bauled my eyes out at the end.
B000OY8NII|5.0|funny and cleaver. actor comentary is down to earth and fun to listen to... one of those shows that you would want to watch over and over again and still have the same effect.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|I LOVE THE MOVIE and receive really soon, i can wait to see it    thank you
B000EGEVZK|5.0|this collection is fantastic.  i paid 12 bucks, i would have paid 20 for just the \\"it's alive\\" concert from '77.  that album on CD costs more than 12 bucks.  what you get here is a lot of club concerts, which vary in quality, some self shot style, some three camera and the audio is always so so.  the nuggets are don kirchner's rock concert, the rare vids from pleasent dreams and animal boy, and of course the very first cbgb gig, where tommy's hair is short, dee dee is on the wrong side of the stage and the ramones are still creating their persona.    i was fortunate to see the ramones 8 or 9 times and was at the va. beach club the night marky couldn't show up because he was drunk.  the only gig they ever cancelled i believe.  wasn't happy at the time.  this isn't the same as seeing them live, but you never will have that chance again.    5.1 sound is great, given the sources.  looking back, it's so easy to see how far ahead of the curve the ramones were.  they date back to 1974...when did the clash form, the sex pistols?  '76, '77?  i believe AFTER they saw the ramones.    highly recommended.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|I just got this album and i wasn't disapointed Kanye delivers again and i liked how he kept it nice n short. Standout track :Stronger,I wonder,Flashing Lights.This album is great so just check it out.
B000E6UK5K|5.0|I recently received my DVD of the Remember That Night concert which features the music from this album in its entirety along with many other great songs from David Gilmour/Pink Floyd. After viewing the DVD, I just had to order On An Island. In addition to this album, I highly recommend the DVD to all DG fans. It is as good as, if not better than, Pulse and far exceeded my expectations. The music from On An Island is excellent, and David's voice is as powerful and beautiful as it has ever been! I was happy to see David Gilmour looking so fit, energized, and happy. In fact, the entire cast seemed to be having a great time. Richard Wright played a prominent role in the concert, and it was great to see him looking well and enjoying himself. The new concert DVD differs immensely from the David Gilmour in Concert DVD from 2002. Remember That Night is a polished, high energy concert with great attention to detail and is a big production done more in the manner of Pulse. There is a tremendous amount of material on this 2-disk DVD set with some great footage of behind the scene material taken during their tour which was loads of fun. You will love both On and Island and the concert DVD.
0316010669|2.0|I was about to buy the book, since the subject and the assumed hypothesis look appealing and interesting. Then my Amazon friend Conan wrote a rather lukewarm review and I delayed the purchase. Then I found the book on my daughter's shelf. Thanks to Conan for saving my money.<br />I borrowed the book and read it. In a blink I thought it was as interesting as it had promised. It took me more than a blink to find out, that it does not deliver: you learn some interesting anecdotes about marriage predictions and about malpractice suits (my other Amazon friend Joe Neuschatz will be interested) and such things, but you never really get nearer to understanding what the alleged special rapid intelligence process really is.<br />The book reminds me a bit of the style of articles in Der Spiegel: journalism well short of science. Sometimes entertaining, but mostly disappointing.
B00006AFUR|4.0|\\"Beautiful Lie\\" convinced me to purchase their self-titled debut album.   I played the actual CD in my car several times and found it to be mezmorizing and extremely likeable.  This band does a great job with mixing and sounds even better in a car with 10 speakers and sub-woofers; I can't say that about all bands.   Generally speaking, there is a lot going on in their music primarily due to the synth-melodies they layer behind their rock-metal sounds.   This band really appeals to anyone who likes Rap-Metal, Alt-Metal, EMO-Rock or urban industrial influenced hard rock.   30STM cannot be categorized into just one style.   Several of their tracks are almost pure electronica like \\"Echelon\\", others layer EMO vocals over stronger guitar riffs like \\"End of the Beginning\\".  This multiple crossing-over gives them such mass appeal.      Several critics commented about the lack of interesting lyrics, but lets face it if you are a metal head you are used to bands with simple machismo language.  In fact, simple catchy lyrics are what have made some of the most successful metal and rock songs ever written.  Very few bands have meaningful or insightful lyrics aimed at changing the world, and the few that do have been duly recognized.  At the end of the day the true test is if you can  listen to the album again and again and really feel like you've enjoyed the sound.  30STM achieves that goal extremely well.  That's why fans really love this band and they have had a quick rising star in Jared Leto.     Here are some comments on just a few tracks:    \\"End of the Beginning\\" is one of my favorite tracks on this album. I really appreciate the strong opening with metal-influenced riffs.  I also like when Jared varies his style from softer more emo almost brooding vocals to the more guttural pseudo-screamo all while metal riffs are softly pounding in the back round-this contrast of styles makes the song almost haunting.    \\"Buddha For Mary\\" has some interesting sounds and you can definitely hear a bit of teasing with art rock--trying to imitate the likes of Pink Floyd.  I really enjoy this song because there are several changes in style and tempo--again something I really love about metal.   In may ways although one of the slower tracks, there are more metal vibes in this song plus the lyrics are just really catchy and you find yourself repeating the song title again and again.     \\"Oblivion\\" I like because of the beat change at :53 seconds in.  I particularly like slow to fast tempo changes.   I also like the deep guitar riff that is mixed in the background at a very low tone.  Much of the drumming sounds like a drum machine.  My husband who is a drummer mentioned that.   It sounds like there is a little of both, an actual drummer up front with a synth drum beat in the background keeping the melody.
0385486804|3.0|I first read \\"Into the Wild\\" when it came out in paperback in 1997.  I remember not being all that impressed with the book then and did not think it deserved all the hype it got at the time.  With the Sean Penn movie based on the book set to come out I decided to read the book again.  My opinion of the book hasn't changed over the last ten years.  I still don't see why the story caused such a sensation because Chris McCandless is such an unlikable character and his travels don't seem all that unusual to me.  Krakauer tries and tries to attach some deeper meaning to the story, but I just fail to grasp it.  On the positive side Krakauer is an outstanding writer and his descriptions of the landscapes and various characters in the book are excellent.  I will be interested to see the movie because I don't know how they will manage to make it interesting.
B000RG1FMO|4.0|This album is not as spectacular as how these reviewers make it seem. It does have its weak points as well as its strong points. Strong points: Good Morning(intro) was a nice way to kick off things and Kanye rode the track pretty well. Stronger was not a bad single. Its pretty catchy and I dig that rock sample that he used on it. Cant Tell Me Nothing is another track where Kanye goes off and peculiarly Jeezy's adlibs somehow complimented that track. I Wonder, Homecomiing and Flashing Lights are also highlights and his tribute to Jay-z called Big Brother was cool. Kanye FLOORED Lil Wayne(his verse sucked!) on Barry Bonds and Everything I Am and Good Life feat T-Pain goes in the honorable mention category. Weak points: Champion is velveeta cheesy. The Glory is skippable.<br />Drunk And Hot Girls is the worst track on the album and is good for two things. 1.A good laugh. 2.Giving people who suffer from constipation a severe case of the runs. Bottom Line: While Kanye' West's Graduation is far from flawless, its still a notable release. He is still on point with the production and his rhymes................ he's slippin. Sample: \\"You got these motherf*****/ these Rosie Perez. Standout Tracks: GOOD MORNING, STRONGER, I WONDER, CANT TELL ME NOTHING, FLASHING LIGHTS, BIG BROTHER, HOMECOMING and BARRY BONDS. Honorable mention:  EVERYTHING I AM and GOOD LIFE.<br /><br />REST IN PEACE DONDA WEST
B0006IIPIK|1.0|Good heavens was this movie awful!  What in the world was the point to this unclever completely worthless waste of time!  This movie was boring, the special effects were unimpressive, the characters were not interesting at all(especially the villains),  the story was limp,  Gwyneth Paltrow whom I usually love and have quite a crush on was acting like an annoying bratty little 12 year old always wanting her way,  I got sick and tired of listening to Gwyneth and Jude Law's constant bickering,  the character Dex was one dimensional,  and sexy Angelina Jolie neither could save the movie nor does she look good as a tom-boyish type with an eye-patch!  All in all a big waste of time and money!  Anyway you want to see an awesome groundbreaking science fiction movie watch Battlefield Earth don't watch this garbage!
1592402038|4.0|This is a wonderful book.  If you are a stickler for punctuation, and want a hilarious refresher course, this is the book for you.  Among other topics, Truss covers commas, dashes, and little used punctuation marks.  Her examples are funny and prove that punctuation does matter.  If you are a stickler for punctuation, this is a must-read.  If you are not a punctuation fanatic, you will still get a few laughs and learn something along the way- not a bad deal for a book on punctuation.
B000FWHVKA|5.0|I bought this because it was listed on Pitchfork as the best album of 2006.    I was skeptical, but bought anyway. My music vocabulary isn't extent enough tto describe the layered greatness of this album.  By far the best thing I've heard in the last six months.  If you love electronic beats, get it!
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|Annie Lennox has built up a reputation for releasing some of the most finely-crafted adult contemporary pop that's out there.  So it's not too surprising that she returns with a new album that leaves you in awe.  Songs of Mass Destruction will be an Annie Lennox classic in a way that Bare and Medusa never were.  While those two were fine records, they didn't have that flair that made her Eurythmics material and her debut solo album, Diva, legendary records.  It is Diva that this new record most closely resembles, which is very welcome, since it's almost universally understood that Diva is her very best solo album.  Songs of Mass Destruction is soulful, funky and very powerful.  Most of the songs are generally more upbeat than the ones on Bare, which is also very welcome.    The first single, \\"Dark Road\\" is a nice, pretty song that introduces the album well.  Notable tracks such as \\"Through The Glass Darkly\\", \\"Smithereens\\", \\"Womankind\\" and the hauntingly electric \\"Coloured Bedspread\\" round out the album nicely and show that Annie still has that fire that's made her so amazing through the years.      The culmination of this album, for me at least, is \\"Sing\\".  This song is simply powerful!  Sure, there are 23 female guest-artists on here (all of them well known) and the entire second verse is sung by none other than Madonna, but the song never loses its identity as an Annie Lennox anthem that serves as the crowning point of this album.  It brings to life the recurring theme of this album being a celebration of Womanhood.    By the time the album came to an end, I was literally left blown away, wishing it would never have ended, and moved by the sheer power of this flawless and incredible album.  5 Stars!
B000002WPI|5.0|Wu-Tang's early 90's masterpiece is definiely a feast for the ears.  All of the members bring it, and succeed in putting out a great CD.    There's so many classics I can't even name my favorites.  I wouldn't want to leave out a well deserving song.    Must Have.
B0009PEYGM|5.0|You can hear and feel Mork's (and Bach's) soul in these Cello Suites.  While adequate, Yo-Yo Ma's recording of the Cello Suites is flat and has no soul.
B00005JPQR|5.0|This movie is action packed from beginning to end.  It is not just 'action' packed, but carries a deeply 'in your face story line' imbedded story line.  I've seen the movie twice in theaters and will purchase the DVD for further viewing!    Matt Damon, per the title is at his best!!!
B0001NBMEE|5.0|Such an enjoyable,action-packed movie. I uaed to have this movie on VHS. I jumped at the change to get it on DVD. If you like action packed movies, based on comic book characters you will like this movie. This is the earlier version. It is not the new cable version.
B0000013GT|5.0|ATLiens, in my opinion, is a better CD than [[ASIN:B0000013GB Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik]].  Both are definite hip hop classics, but I have this draw to ATLiens.  I can't explain what it is.    The CD is very different from the first.  Where the first was built around the gangster concept, this CD builds its own concept.  One I have yet to put a name to.    My favorite songs include Two Dope Boys, ATLiens, Jazzy Belle, Elevators, Babylon, Millenium, and Extra-Terrestrial.    Definite Must Have.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|I did recieve a lyric book - got it in the mail 10/20 - better late than never and it's about the size of a small comic book - has some neat shots of the band in the studio in the middle  Do all the copies out there of this include a lyric book? I pre-ordered this from SONY on the basis of a lyric book \\"bonus\\" included - it's nice but it would surprise me if it wasn't included anyway- any help on this?    btw I'm sticking with Amazon for the most part!    And being a Bruce fan since around 1976 - this album is WONDERFUL!!!
0465092764|5.0|\\"The fundamental problem with string theory is that, as far as its central goal of unifying physics goes, over the last nearly 25 years it has not only not made any progress toward explaining anything about particle physics, but, quite the opposite. Everything that has been learned about string theory makes it more and more clear that the original hopes for getting unification this way were just misguided and can't work. The derivative here is the wrong sign.\\" Peter Woit, posted on his weblog September 13, 2007.<br /><br />Some readers may think that this book gets off to a painfully slow start, given the author's long telling of the history of particle physics, particularly as regards work done with particle accelerators/ colliders. But stay with it [it's worth it!]. Woit holds degrees from Harvard and Princeton (PhD, theoretical physics) and has taught both mathematics and physics at Columbia. He happily describes himself as a mathematician, in large part because that is indeed the career he has chosen but also in large part because he is obviously disgusted with the current state of theoretical physics--in so far as the superstring/ M-theory disciples of Witten have abandoned anything resembling orthodox science. Woit shows no hesitation in acknowledging Witten's great genius, but unlike most theorists of recent decades he is not interested in worshiping at Witten's feet, no matter what the cost. And Woit isn't just some disgruntled nay-saying spoilsport (I can't strictly judge the psychological state of someone I don't personally know, but he doesn't strike me in this way at all). His concern is that there are other prospects for a unified theory that have been summarily brushed aside by the popular mantra that \\"string theory is the only game in town.\\" [Federal] research funding, positions of influence notably including department chairs, academic and research hirings, increasingly all have played what we are told (by string/brane theorists themselves) is \\"the only game in town.\\" But after three decades of glowing hype, this \\"game\\"--superstrings/'M-theory'/'brane-world'--has failed to move forward. It has essentially demonstrated that it cannot move forward in any scientific sense.<br /><br />\\"Superstring theory is to a large degree thought of by mainstream physicists as mathematics and by mainstream mathematicians as physics, with each group convinced that it makes no sense within their frame of reference but presumably does within someone else's.\\" pg 204<br /><br />Like so many other armchair theorists, I've read and enjoyed books like Greene's `Elegant Universe' and Hawking's glossy `Universe in a Nutshell'. But any astute reader has to notice that no real connection is made between what we are told are compellingly \\"beautiful mathematics\\" and the physical world we can examine, and, given a sound theory, even interrogate, to any degree at all. It is particularly instructive to consider strings/ brane-world from the critical perspective of pure mathematics, i.e., Woit's perspective in this volume. It seems that the abstract equations ARE strangely \\"beautiful\\" UNTIL the math must be patched to conform to a universe with precisely three large spatial dimensions; as soon as we are forced to manipulate the additional dimensions, the beauty of the mathematics begins to fade. That `beauty' has been fading for 20 years at this writing. Woit finds the equations of strings/branes to be growing uglier at every turn. After decades of contortion, strings/branes are ever becoming less beautiful than advertised. And, as Woit briefly explains with stark, non-glossy frankness, strings/branes are NOT the only game in town, or at least they shouldn't be.<br /><br />Many mathematicians would cautiously agree that strings/branes make for interesting mathematics--if they can be divorced from physics. There may be sufficient cause to suggest, as some have, that strings/branes make for interesting theology as well. But are strings/branes SCIENCE? At this late date it seems that the answer is probably `no'.<br /><br />\\"If someone could come up with a legitimate, distinctive, testable prediction of string theory that gave even the correct order of magnitude for some experimental result, that would be a huge breakthrough.\\"<br /><br />As I have suggested to anyone willing to listen, read Peter Woit's thought-provoking book, especially if you've read Greene, Hawking,  and/or Susskind.hat the answer is probably `no'.    \\"If someone could come up with a legitimate, distinctive, testable prediction of string theory that gave even the correct order of magnitude for some experimental result, that would be a huge breakthrough.\\"    As I have suggested to anyone willing to listen, read Peter Woit's thought-provoking book, especially if you've read Greene, Hawking,  and/or Susskind.
B00005JKEZ|5.0|The Ultimate Robin Hood movie. One of my all time favorite movies. I am so glad it came out on DVD.
B000JLTRJ0|4.0|This is a very well put together film.  It's a nice tribute to our country (US) and the heroes of that day.  Though it's not as moving as other moovies made about the subject, it definitely is a wonderful movie.  Oliver Stone does a good job with this project.    This DVD is excellent.  It has all the features of the single disc, plus an extra disc of content, including plenty of other features that are definitely worth your time.    Highly Recommended.
B000F0UV0E|4.0|Perfect music for looong hauls :) Reminds me good old times while travelling through the US. Cheers from Poland.
0143038419|4.0|This is the only book I have read that I started reading again as soon as I finished it.  I didn't want it to end. Her description of Italians and their love affair with food and life is delicious.  I laughed out loud at her description of all her efforts to overcome her depression.  I could so identify with her analogy of depression and lonliness crawling in bed with her, old friends.  I was a little disappointed in the \\"South Pacific\\"  ending. It left me wondering what was going to happen to her when she returns to \\"real life\\".
B000V801PK|5.0|Best thing Annie Lennox has done. (and I don't throw that around easily, being a life long eurythmics fan) her performance on this new disc is transcendent, evolved, polished, clear and passionate, there is an emotion she invokes lyrically and vocally; a philosophy, an intense intimacy, penetrating and relatable, all encompassing and utterly personal simultaneously. Musically very energetic, full of soul (naturally), authentic, highly danceable to most tracks, especially Ghost in My Machine, Womankind, Coloured Bedspread, Sing... You can decide which songs are best, for they're all fantastic!
B000078DOH|4.0|Freaky Styley is a much improved CD from the debut, [[ASIN:B000078DOK Red Hot Chili Peppers]] still a very good CD.  It improves especially upon every listen.  I can't stress it enough.    George Clinton helped craft one of the most overlooked and underrated CS in their discography, with [[ASIN:B000002MTR One Hot Minute]] being the most underrated.    The CD is full of hits, Jungle Man, Freaky Styley, Blackeyed Blonde, The Brothers Cup, Lovin and Touchin, Catholic School Girls Rule.    A magnificent release.  Highly recommended.
1582701709|1.0|Obviously, we have a degree of influence over our own lives.  That's hardly a \\"secret.\\"  But to elevate the power of our thoughts over obvious objective realities (like being born into poverty or with a congenital disease) is a flattery of the ego well beyond delusional.  Worse, believing that other people's thoughts are responsible for their misfortunes is the very definition of blaming the victim, and incredibly dangerous to society.  If the impovershed and unwell are simply to blame for their own situations, compassion would be a waste of time, wouldn't it?  A child could see the evils of this belief system.  Revolting.
B000VZUT64|5.0|Bridge of Sighs was released in 1974 and it is like a old friend you want to catch up with every now and then.      go to the MP3's and give it a test drive.      fvf
B000PMGS8G|5.0|i remember that this movie used to come on HBO like every week when i was younger, and i loved it.  i'm an 80's buff, loving the movies and music from that decade.  this campy, B-rated movie is right in there with They Live, Cyborg, Knights, Trancers, Night of the Comet, and the horde of other 80's flicks i have in my dvd collection.  i have lot of dvds and a special section for the 80's ones.  if you love the 80's you'll really enjoy this movie.
0307387178|4.0|I bought this book yesterday and read it the same day. It's one of those books that not easy to put down. I stumbled across it when looking through the non-fiction bestseller list and after reading the intro pages I knew it would be something that I would like.    Everyone here has given plot summaries and whatnot so I won't go into that. I will just say that this is a very good book that is hard to put down. The main character is a very interesting lad. I personally found his story and the authors own account of his time in Alaska to be the best part of the book.    Chris certainly has his critics, but while I can't say that I admire him for what he did, I can say that what he did was very impressive. To be able to live in that land for that amount of time with virtually nothing is incredible.    After reading the book I thought of what it would be like to sleep in that old bus in the middle of no-where with no human interaction for that long and to be honest it creaped me out and kept me up a while.    If you like the outdoors and have thought about living off the land or if you just like good nonfiction books, you will like this book.
B000SM7QUC|2.0|First..LOVE THE BOOK!! Bought it and the cd the first day available.I was hoping the cd would be Nikki reading from the book.Those clips are great.But so far, I just dont like the cd.And its not because its not like Motley Crue.Its the singers voice.To me..just bland and very generic rock over dramatic singing.Lots of breathing..reminds me of Trey and Matt of South Park when they sing metal. To each thier own. I will give it a few more spins.
1593083246|5.0|this is a great book for anyone who has never been in love. it emphasizes the fact that first impressions are not always the correct ones or the best ones. you need to get to know someone before forming an opinion. plus jane austen is amusing and witty and insightful.
B00006LSTH|5.0|With new material sucking for years from this band, I thought this release opened the door for an alter new Stones experience.  The sound is excellent too.<br />What's not to like here?
B000PKG6TE|5.0|The late great Lowell George, of Little Feat fame once said, \\"Some of the best albums are those which, at first irritate you, but then later, the things that once irritated you become the things you enjoy the most about the album.\\" If that doesn't describe the Queens of the Stone Age experience, along with this album, nothing does. It is absolutely an acquired taste, but once you get it, it's hard to listen to anything else for very long, before you have to put some more QOTSA back in the player. \\"Misfit Love\\" has got to have the greatest groove that my ears have heard in a looooong time, one of their greatest ever. By the way, if you have a chance to see the video of them playing it on the Henry Rollins Show( You Tube), you have to check it out--the musicianship is spellbinding. \\"Battery Acid\\", with it's jump-start and chainsaw guitar solo; a soulful \\"Make it wit' Chu\\";the hard-driving \\"3'S & 7'S\\", and the bouncy \\"I'm Designer\\" with yet another innovative Joshua Homme guitar solo are the highlights of this album. You won't be disappointed if you keep an open mind and, if you're already a QOTSA fan, well you already know.  Enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000UNYK76|5.0|There is little doubt that Pearl Jam is one of the best live rock bands in the planet, as anyone can confirm by listening to any of the 150+ live bootlegs they released in the past few years.     'Immagine in Cornice' is actually a documentary about the band's tour of Italy. It does a great job showing the backstage activities, together with commentaries and interviews with the band. However, the music is still the most important part, with superb performances of new songs and old classics. It also helps that the italian audience is very enthusiastic - they really make the concerts even better to watch.    Another highlight of this DVD is the picture quality and cinematography. Although the DVD is not Hi-Def, everything was shot in Hi-Def and it pays off - the picture quality is stunning.     You will not be disappointed.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|I love Persuason best of all the film adaptations of the Austen books.  The story is full of distinctive characters and every actor does a wonderful job of capturing them.  At their center is Amanda Root as Anne Elliot who slowly, quietly, hopefully escapes a bleak and nearly friendless solitude to recapture the \\"bloom\\" she lost as eight years of broken hearted loneliness withered her away.  Ciaran Hinds is handsome, hard-hearted,  dashing and tender as Frederick Wentworth.  All of the supporting players are a delight.  Sophie Thompson and Phoebe Nicholls are  Anne's insufferable snobbish sisters, Simon Russell Beale is comical as Anne's long-suffering, clueless brother-in-law,  Corin Redgrave is hilariously narcissistic and pompous and Fiona Shaw plays Mrs Croft with easy elegance.     Also love the way the film looks,  not so highly polished as \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" or \\"Emma\\" , as though there was a lot less money to work with and the happy result is that the audience gets a truer picture of a certain kind  of early 19th century life in England.  Too many great scenes and pieces of dialogue to single out but watch for: the faces of the servants and local folk as the Elliots depart for Bath, hypochondriac Mary on the couch,  Anne greeting Mr. Musgrove,  Mrs. Croft describing her travels to Mrs. Musgrove, the massive oak on the \\"long walk,\\"   Anne and Frederick's voices intermingling as she reads his pleading letter.  A book and film to be read and watched every Autumn!
B000UR366S|5.0|To hear the truth again is sweet!  The title cut has great harmonics and a peacefulness to it ... even more relaxing than \\"Bar and Grill\\".   \\"This Place\\" begins \\"Sparkle on the ocean, Eagle at the top of a tree\\" with Joni's voice sounding awesome.   Pedal steel by Greg Leisz is welcome too and reminds me of the Blue album.  \\"Play what you want!\\", someone from the audience said.  \\"All riiiight\\", Joni replied.  Now Joni's thoughts make more sence as we know so much more in popular media (Inconvenient Truth, A New Earth ....) about \\"crop rotation\\" and life on our planet.  \\"Let your little light shine\\", .... Google 'The Fiddle and the Drum' for more ....From \\"Ladies of the Canyon\\" on the side door of a red VW Beatle in college to this terrific album seems like a short time, along with \\"The Fiddle and the Drum\\" Alberta Ballet, and Joni's \\"Green Flag Song\\" triptych art exhibits, \\"Shine\\" is an awesome start at comprehending changes to come.
B000002UA5|5.0|No time to pen a huge review, possibly later, when I'm dead I'll have the time.  Pink Floyd....need I say more?  Brilliant...absolutely brilliant
B00005ATQ8|5.0|BARRY LYNDON is a film I first saw in Amsterdam in the 1970s. It has always been one of my very favourite films, and I particularly admire Stanley Kubrick for not using artificial light at all. Everything is shot in natural light or a multitude of candles.    I ordered this video back in 2000, but I stupidly loaned it out and lost touch with the borrower, so I reordered it recently and it was glorious. The video had been remastered and there were scenes that were not in the original one. In fact my first BARRY LYNDON video was a single and the new one was 2.    There has been nothing but a smile on my face since I received the wonderful remastered version of BARRY LYNDON, and I watch it weekly!
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|There are few artists that can write something truly timeless, and for thirty years Annie Lennox has been doing just that.  From Sweat Dreams to Dark Road these are the themes that run true for all of time and all of mankind.  Well done Annie Lennox well done.
0374105235|5.0|I read this book on my flight to D.C. a couple of months ago. It was probably the fastest I have ever read a book. It was very easy to understand and painted an incredibly vivid picture in my mind. The content is important and the way Beah wrote his story makes it accessible to all.
0688014291|3.0|Yes, the 1 minute manager method is nice, and it can really work in certain conditions. But the books is too pretentious and the authors wrap the idea in way too many pages, just to fill a book.  This kind of book should have half as many pages and sell for half as much.
B00000DOYL|4.0|IN THROUGH THE OUT DOOR was just a taste of, what would have been, a turning point in the musical direction of this band.   So with that said, what direction were they headed in? We will never know. For now, however, embrace this CD for what it's worth. IN THE EVENING is a rocker with something to prove, CAROUSELAMBRA is a catchy synthesizer drenched tune with one helluva interlude, ALL MY LOVE just a great classic.    A good effort, with some very memorable songs.
1591841666|4.0|Sure, you may not need 'the dip'. But when struggling with the decision to stay or quit a job, the simple concept of The Dip can be useful.  And 10$ is not a lot to pay for an idea, simple or short as it may be, that can make you happier.
0345494997|2.0|I bought this book full of great expectations - Wright was a well known figure - great romance... But I suffered such a let down as to make it difficult to write this review.    To me the true test of good fiction is that 1. It engages the reader, 2. it entertains, and 3. It should be readable.  Loving Frank succeeded in number three.  But...    The danger of writing 'fiction' about such well known figures as these presents the writer with the very real fact that there are living beings out there that 'know/knew' the characters. Fear of reprisals will often lead to two dimensional characters in the story, a flaw I felt throughout the book. I felt the only connection with the characters I got was at the end through the letter to the editor regarding Mamah. THAT had passion. That sounded real (it was.) Unfortunately, although it was about Mamah, it told a great deal about Frank, and that I do not think was the author's intention.     I really wish the author had rounded out Mamah's character more. I could have understood her leaving her home and children if it had been MORE for intellectual development and less boredom and physical attraction. I was left with the feeling that she got herself into something that she would have liked to get out of, but was in too deep. And given Frank's subsequent track record with women, I wonder if the topic would have had any interest at all if it had not ended as it did. I am still trying to figure out why the author wrote the book in the first place.  _________________
B000QQH4YS|5.0|The product was good. It gives you the chance to view both the theater version, and the extended version.
B000URDEB0|3.0|Too many filler songs in my opinion.  Whatever their individual merit, they don't help the album as a whole.  I'm thinking of songs like \\"Sahara,\\" \\"Last of the Wilds,\\" and the two whiny anti-Tarja songs.  I think the new singer is competent, but really she's not very distinctive and vocal distinction is what made Nightwish so compelling on previous albums.  She's also overwhelmed by the music in the mix, which makes her sound that much weaker.<br /><br />That said, you'll get the familiar huge production you've come to expect from Nightwish of late, and the album's opening song is really big and fun.  I wasn't nearly taken with the final song as some of the other reviewers though.<br /><br />All in all, I just \\"wish\\" Anette had been more interesting and Tuomas had written material better suited for her voice.  Alas it seems that version of the band really is gone.
1416523359|1.0|This was the most boring book SK wrote...It did put me to sleep every night, so I will give credit where it's due.  I thought as I kept reading it would get better....???? zzzzzzzzzzzzzz...I failed to even find a \\"so-called\\" love story in the midst of all the \\"smucking\\" words.  I am a big fan of SK for his well-known suspense, scare and thriller books...ummm, didn't find it here!  (I do wonder if he even wrote this book ?!)
B000URDEB0|5.0|The progression of Nightwish is nothing but astounding, each new disc surpasses the one before and their all awesome. \\"Once\\" is a true classic in the history of Hard Rock. Tarja's voice is quite unique in the annals of rock and roll and I two was worried with her loss, but Annette brings a new dinamic to this incredible group of musicians. Each and every member of this ensemble is an accomplished musician in their own right and stand far above the mis-mash that people call rock music today. Thanks Nightwish for another true rock classic.
B000MCIBE8|4.0|Like free jazz and Led Zeppelin, the Doors are one of the most controversial things ever to happen to popular music; they're adored and despised in pretty much equal measure, and for approximately the same reasons. While fans of the group adore Jim Morrison's darkly poetic lyrics and shamanistic persona, detractors dismiss Morrison as a pretentious egoist with a penchant for melodrama and inane faux-mystical rambling. I don't really aim to prove those detractors wrong, nor am I claiming that Morrison was a genius; however, I really do believe that this, the Doors' self-titled debut, is one of the finest albums of the 60s, the work of a singularly talented group of musicians.    I mean, seriously, how on earth can you not like at least some of these songs? \\"Break On Through\\" occupies some weird little no-man's land in between jazz and acid rock, with its swinging-guitar groove and claustrophobic keyboards providing a fantastic backdrop for Jimmy's hyperkinetic vocals. \\"Soul Kitchen\\" is another classic, an evocative swirl of soul and West-Coast psychedelic rock. Ray Manzarek and Robby Krieger (on keyboards and guitar, respectively) positively swing on this tune, while drummer John Densmore holds it all together with jazzy flair. \\"The Crystal Ship\\" is a haunting, atmospheric ballad full of dreamy textures and ominous imagery. Equally impressive is the group's rendition of \\"Alabama Song,\\" which can be described as both \\"strange, sleazy, and cool\\" and \\"darkly psychedelic polka.\\" Now that's an achievement! \\"Light My Fire\\" can probably speak for itself, seeing as how it is one of the greatest singles of the sixties. The instrumental break is just plain wonderful. And then, of course, there's \\"The End,\\" the group's show-stopping acid-damaged Freudian odyssey. This may be the ultimate love-it-or-hate-it song, and I doubt that I'll be able to sway you in one direction or another, but suffice to say that everyone should hear it at least twice in his or her life.     The nice thing about this album is that its best songs are good enough to more than make up for its weaker moments. Still, there are a few sub par tunes here. A cover of the blues standard \\"Back Door Man\\" sees Jim doing a painfully overenthusiastic vocal performance, yelling like a moron without invoking an ounce of the raw sexuality and visceral energy that Howlin' Wolf brought to the song. \\"Twentieth Century Fox\\" is a dull, passionless number whose entire premise is a really cheap pun that only sounds clever the first time you hear it. \\"I Looked At You\\" and \\"Take It As It Comes\\" are faceless, halfhearted, and mediocre, while \\"End Of The Night\\" sounds like \\"The Crystal Ship's\\" underachieving little brother.     The fact that this album gets four stars really is a testament to how good some of these songs are. Taken as a whole, the Doors' debut is the dark, nightmarish underbelly of the Summer of Love, and a wonderful addition to any rock collection.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Flawless Masterpieces  Gypsy Biker  Long Walk Home  Magic  Devil's Arcade    Great Songs  Last to Die   Livin' In The Future  I'll Work for Your Love  Terry's Song  Radio Nowhere    Good Songs  You'll Be Comin' Down  Girls In Their Summer Clothes    Kind of Mediocre  Your Own Worst Enemy    All this = a brilliant album from a brilliant man and brilliant band.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Excelent record with the \\"The Rising\\"'s lyrics style and \\"The River\\"'s  music style. Keep on giving us some magic, Bruce!!
0385522401|5.0|I only finished reading McEwan's diminuitive tome this morning, and my heart is still a puddle in my shoes.  Not only is On Chesil Beach exquisitely written and moving, it is also a beautiful and tragic dance between conflicting dualities.  Modernity vs. Tradition; Rich vs. Poor; the Said vs. the Unsaid; the Mind vs. the Body.  The conflicts are palpable.    McEwan's characters Florence and Edward and his settings, whether in Dorset, London, or Oxford seem as real as can be.  I found myself becoming emotionally involved in the lives and times of these people, and as though witnessing a slow motion train wreck, I wanted to reach into the fiction and mediate, shake the two lovers, and have them kiss and make-up.  This is, in a nut shell, why I am only a humble reader and not a writer, because whereas I might try to polish and Disney things up, McEwan takes us on a passionate and unforgetable journey.
B000000WHX|5.0|Trip-Hop is basically hip-hop with a bit more substance than your average gangster record (those actually do have substance as well), and way more musical merit than any _________ rap artist out there today. Being released in 1991 makes it even cooler, but aside from the ahead of it's time bull_______ (influence had no impact on me whatsoever when deciding to get this), it's an awesome record on it's own.  THe music is just so sublime.  Trippy beats, deep basslines, samples of pianos, strings, effects, paired with dark urban raps, with soulful vocals that soar through the air.  Can't argue with that.<br /><br />The songs on here have the urban vibe that I alwayas mention, but it is very _________ difficult to explain in words.  No worries, the music is great anywhere, Blue Line really comes out in the downtown rain.  IT's also great music that serves as great chilling music.  Don't even treat this as backround music, this may be one of the most enganging albums to actually LISTEN to I have come across this year.  I've listened to quite the many perfect  classic albums this year.<br /><br />This album is always changing, always keeping your interest.  From Safe From Harm, Five Man Army, the masterful Unfinished Symphony, and the coolest of them all, Daydreaming, every song on here rocks.  Definitly a perfect album.  Not a minute wasted.  I prefer it over Entroducing...  by DJ Shadow.  That album also is another great album from beggining to end.  Electronic music really does have soul.  Way more emotion than Nirvana ever will have.<br /><br />10/10
B000UFAURI|5.0|9.25.07 REVIEW:  Foo Fighters~ Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace?    Excellent album.  Very much reminds me of Led Zeppelin III.  Every song does something good for me and hopefully you.  I am very proud of the Foo for crafting this.    1. The Pretender: Perhaps the best all-around song released to radio in their history.  It starts simple and pretty and progressively builds and builds into a dynamic rocker that gets you moving and wanting more.  The drumming in this track is perfect.  Not too much, not too little, but still present.  The song is very good and very hard-charging.  5 stars.  1st out of 12 on my favorite list here.      2. Let it die: I love how innocent it starts and how it draws you in.  It is a very clean song (thank you Gil for allowing us to thoroughly enjoy the elements of the music, unlike the last two records) and you just know something bigger is ahead.  I love the middle of the song when it goes from mellow to crunchy instantly.  Great guitar work, very nice.  I read how Shiflett is all over this record....somebody is, I hope it is Shiflett.  How can you tell if it is Dave or Chris on record?  Obviously Long road to ruin, Summer's end, and But, honestly are Shifty, but this is a little heavier.  I love the idea of the Foo allowing Shifty to have more of a presence here.  These two songs are a great start to an album.  I could do without the blood-curdling screech at the end, but this is a great song.  5 stars.  2nd favorite out of 12.    3. Erase/Replace: To me, this song sounds very TCATS to me.  Eveyone wanted that and I think this is the song that sounds most like 1997 to me.  I do however, think people need to realize this isn't 1997 or 1999 or 2005.  This is a new album.  Don't try to say it is what it isn't.  Accept the fact that the Foo's are doing what they want and doing it well.  Back to this song.  I like the energy here.  Although this is probably my 2nd least favorite here.  3  stars.  11th favorite out of 12.      4. Long road to ruin: Very cool sounding song.  Very Shiflett themed.  I love the bass and the guitar solo is hands down the best we have heard on record from the Foo's.  I am glad they made a song that sounds like this.  People will here this and feel good.  Everytime I hear this I see myself driving with the window's down and the sun visor down with the lady on my side.  5 stars.  4th favorite of 12.      5. Come alive: I was expecting something more, but nevertheless this is a quality track.  The acoustic to electric thing definitely reminds me of Led Zeppelin's finest moments.  This song is similar to Let it die, but not nearly as good. It does, however have a very neat guitar line in its closing moments.  4 stars.  10th favorite of 12.      6. Stranger things have happened: When I read it was just an acoustic guitar accompanying Dave I wasn't excited.  Then I heard the song and fell in love.  This was the first song I wanted to hit \\"repeat\\".  Great lyrics and beautiful guitar work by Shiflett and or Grohl.  This is a masterpiece.  5 stars.  3rd favorite of 12.    7. Cheer up, boys (your make-up is running): I had heard live versions of this song and was really looking forward to hearing it in its studio form.  It doesn't disappoint as this is what every Foo fan loves:  Rocking energy at a frenetic pace while maintaining a great melody.  The chorus is both catchy and slightly disappointing.  I am a sucker for back ground vocals and incorporating all members, but it doesn't work for me here.  That may change the more I here it though.  This is a great catchy rock song that will be played at stadiums near you soon.  4   stars.  6th favorite of 12.    8. Summer's end: Very cool intro and great guitar work throughout.  I really like the lyrics of this song and the guitar work.  Overall it hasn't excited me as much as I want it to, but it will.  4  stars.  8th favorite of 12.    9. Ballad of the Beaconsfield minors: Granted, it is done for a cool reason, but my God-this song is not very good.  I can't play guitar like that, but it just sounds like a bunch of foreign noise.  1 star (only because the Foo deserve a star for making any song).  12th favorite of 12.    10. Statues: I can't understand why people don't like this song much, it is beautiful.  Dave sounds great, the guitar work is very good and the piano is outstanding as well.  I really like the lyrics here too.  Very nice sound that makes you love the Foo even more.  The intro sort of gives off a Peter Frampton thing for me.  I really like the potential this song brings.  4  stars.  7th favorite of 12.      11. But, honestly: Freaking good song.  Really good song.  I love the simplicity and the beauty in this song.  Another song I wanted to listen to again right away.  The electric guitar work in the end is great and feels very mid-summer, sun going down kind of joy.  5 stars.  5th favorite of 12.      12. Home: Very ballsy song in that Dave goes very soft and pulls it off.  I for one actually like the lyrical content of this song and the piano is nice.  It is a good song to unwind with.  3  stars.  9th favorite of 12.     Overall: 11 of the 12 songs are very good with 8 of them being fantastic in my mind.  This may be one of the two most complete Foo Fighters albums and definitely their most wholesome and band-influenced.  All four members shine on this disc and other than the ballad, you never lose focus as a listender.  This may go down as a classic, it does for me.  I can't wait to see these songs played live and I hope they don't hold back on stage with their new music.  Ten years ago I was worried about what songs would be singles, now I could care less, but I do hope people from all realms get to hear this great disc.
B000056NX5|2.0|Andrew Lloyd Webber has always subscribed to the philosophy that bigger is better.  This 2001 made for television production certainly is bigger.  Unfortunately, Webber, the cast and the crew seemed to have put quality on the back burner in favor of sheer volume.  The result is something similar to shiny plastic; colorful, gleaming and fake.
B000UFAURI|5.0|This is now officially my favorite foos album. I have listened to it non-stop since last Tuesday. I don't find a weak song on here. Definitely has the classic rock feel, and in my opinion the acoustic songs are almost more intense than the screamers (especially Stranger Things Have Happened). The only other artist I've ever said that about was Neil Young.
0316067598|4.0|Outstanding first person story of true Amereican heroes.  U.S. Navy SEALS trapped and surrounded by the Taliban in Afghanistan.  Makes me proud to be an American.
B000UR366S|5.0|I first fell in love with Joni Mitchell as a young man when I listened to the album \\"Blue.\\"  A long romance continued over the years with \\"Court & Spark;\\" it was stretched with \\"Mingus,\\" stabilized with \\"Hejira, Wild Things Run Fast\\" and many others. After \\"Night Ride Home\\" I didn't think she could do any better and the romance faded a just a little over the past few years.  Falling in love again with Joni is a great feeling as the romance has now been rekindled by \\"Shine.\\" The more I listen, the richer it gets. Thank you Joni, we needed this. It's time to get off our butts, get our heads out of the sand, wake up, and do what we know we need to do.
0451219597|4.0|One of Follet's best.  Ranks right up there with Pillars of the Earth.  HIghly recommend it.
B000096FUD|4.0|LOST IN LA MANCHA is a rare look at the production team's struggles to bring Cervantes' THE MAN OF LA MANCHA starring Johnny Depp to the silver screen.EVERYTHING GOES WRONG! Knowing people in the  film industry, I realize that this kind of scenario happens over and over;weather cancels days of shooting,sickness ensues,mechanical and technical  devices malfunction,scripts need to be rewritten and plans need to be scrubbed and be taken back to the drawing board.This is is a very interesting,but quite specific documentary that may have very limited appeal.If you open your minds, though,it easily expresses the proverb:\\"Even the best laid plans can go array\\".Recommended as a curiosity viewing on the realistic workings of the film industry.
B000SO7OMA|5.0|If you like celtic music. If you like Loreena McKennitt, You'll love this CD/DVD combo. The concert was recorded in a beautiful ancient setting that leaves the viewer feeling like you have a front row seat and it's in your favorite chair! The music is timeless. You will see talented musicians that sell out everywhere they go. After you finish the DVD, you can use the CD's to relive the concert whenever you can't see it. This is a great musical value.  JW
B00005JPRD|2.0|Just like the Broadway shows of the last few years that string together songs from certain artists to tell a story (some successfully and many not!),Julie Taymor brings us her discombobulated  ACROSS THE UNIVERSE that is not as horrific as her first film TITUS,but once again,with music,she brings us the 1960's to the screen in only the way that she can;overblown and overstuffed with lavish \\"visionary\\" style and underinflated  characters and story.  This film sweeps through an Era with Beatles tunes strung together to tell the story of hippies,flower power,War,draft dodging with characters that are drawn from the songs,but not characters that have an identity apart from the songs.There are so many stories going on in Taymor's film and unfortunately,in my view,none of them,especially the love alliance of Lucy and Jude, is developed enough to make me care about anyone.For me this is another example of Taymor's style over substance.   As someone who was a teen in the '60's, I went into this film with very high expectations;but Julie Taymor is simply too overwrought with her own \\"coups des cinemas\\" that even the Beatles tunes couldn't \\"COME TOGETHER RIGHT NOW\\".Her work is a distraction  for which I have no affinity.  Many people will thoroughly enjoy this film,butI have finally come to a single conclusion that I do not care for Julie Taymor's work on Broadway,THE LION KING or no THE LION KING, and I do not care for her direction in film.She is a three-time strike out with me!You may all press your unhelpful buttons now.  To see a film that chronicles the following 1970's that show results of the 1960 time period I suggest Ang Lee's THE ICE STORM strongly.
B000V8I2QU|4.0|I am serious music lover and Bruce has always been one of my favorites.  Saw him in 1978 for the first time on the Darkness tour and the concert quite literaly changed my life for the better what with his work ethic, standing for something and then sticking up for your beliefs, etc.  However, I am also a serious audiophile and consider sound quality integral and important in helping create the power and ultimate believabilty of music as a magical experience for me and I know many others feel this way too. Love the music of this new album and even most of the production with Brendan Obrian modernizing Bruce's style. But I have never heard a brighter, sizzley compressed high end that makes the cd basically difficult to listen to on a revealing high end stereo.  The Rising had a similar sound but not as bad as this.  All I can figure is it must be intentional what with baby boomers losing their hearing and they say the high frequencies are the first to go.   Otherwise, I love the album.  Go get a copy.  You will be glad you did. I guess I will be listening to my copy in the car which is how Bruce would probably want us to listen to it anyway.
B000Q6GXW2|4.0|The movie was pretty cool. I was not extremely impressed with the quality of the HD though.
0345494997|2.0|For several weeks this book was on the best seller list and I anticipated reading it.  With little knowledge of Frank Lloyd Wright I also anticipated learning something about his life and career.  To the extent that I gained basic knowledge about FLW and his relationship with Mamah Cheney, the book was successful.<br /><br />In some regards I found the depiction of Mamah like many historical novels that impose 21st century feelings and values on 19th century women. Since this is a true story, that statement cannot be totally true. However, I think that the author makes Mamah much more modern in her thinkings and opinions than she probably was in life.<br /><br />While I thought the book was well written, somewhere along the line I missed what drew Mamah Cheney to FLW and what compeled her to have such undying love and to give up so much for \\"the man she loved.\\" Maybe it was just that she wanted to get out of her relationship with Edward more so than a love for Frank.  Perhaps with maturity and looking back in hind sight its easy to second guess Mamah's action.  But she gave much more than he did. Consistent with FLW not paying his bills and taking advantage of friends, in a sense he took advantage of Mamah. He was able to go back and forth between his children and Mamah while she essentially burned her bridges.  I question to what extent he truly loved a woman to ask her to do what she did.  I certainly did not come away from this novel liking FLW.<br /><br />I found Mamah to be a classic of a woman having an affair with a married man and not realizing that she was being screwed both figuratively and literally.  Without Frank she literally had no place to go -no friends, no family. She gave up her children and took advantage of her sister who devoted her life to taking care of Mamah's children to be with Frank.  Was the fox really worth the chase? When Mamah goes back to her house near the end of the novel I got the distinct feeling that she really second guessed her decision and the choices she made.<br /><br />While other readers found this book a page turner, I labored to finish it.  Unaware of Mamah's final demise, I was surprised and saddened by the ending. Even in the end, Mamah got the short end of the stick while Frank was able to go on and have other relationships and other women.  He stayed on at his Taliesin.  I wonder if FLW ever really realized the extent of Mamah's devotion and what she gave up for him.oices she made.      While other readers found this book a page turner, I labored to finish it.  Unaware of Mamah's final demise, I was surprised and saddened by the ending. Even in the end, Mamah got the short end of the stick while Frank was able to go on and have other relationships and other women.  He stayed on at his Taliesin.  I wonder if FLW ever really realized the extent of Mamah's devotion and what she gave up for him.
0385486804|4.0|Without giving too much away, Into the Wild is a true story of adventure travel done by highly competent people going terribly wrong.  I read Into the Wild about 8 or 10 years ago after I read Jon Krakauer's Into Thin Air, about the tragedy on Mt. Everest, and liked it so well that I went to see what else he had written and found the earlier book.  I thought Into the Wild was a very good book, although maybe not as good as Into Thin Air, but ... still a very, very good book especially if you're at all attuned to the outdoors.  When I saw the beginning of the movie preview a few weeks ago, I immediately!! knew what it was and said to my wife \\"they're going to show the bus\\" before it came onto the screen.  She thought that I had lost it.  The story will make an absolutely fantastic movie!  You may or may not want to read the book first ... but if you don't, then you definitely need to read the book afterwards.  Highly recommended ... raises questions worth thinking much more about, later.
B000V8I2QU|4.0|Magic is the most anticipated album from mister Springsteen since 2002's the Rising. The Boss dabbled in side projects without the band for two years after an extensive tour that left everybody hungry for more. Appreciation of both the D&D album and Seeger Sessions, including subsequent tours, suffered from this appetite. But the main course finally seems to be here. The tour is announced, tickets are on sale and Magic leaked early creating quite a buzz.     Question is though if this album will satisfy those enormous appetites fans seem to have. The hunger for Springsteen material is not only fueled by recent project and tours but also by his legendary works as Born to Run and Darkness and their tours. Making Springsteen fans somewhere near insatiable in their expectations or demands from time to time. Appetites are also fueled by the fact that past experiences always seem bigger and greater in our memory. For those who were there both the River and the BITUSA tour seem in their memory unsurpassed since. This is what Magic is going up against, almost impossible odds to satisfy.     Truth of the matter is that Springsteen's albums have always been mixed affairs. Hits and misses characterize his career. Greetings his first featured the very dismal Mary Queen of Arkansas and the Angel amongst brilliant Dylanesque pop songs. With the possible exception of Born to Run and Darkness it has been that way since. To me it makes more sense to hold the new album up to comparison with the River or BITUSA than those two unsurpassed career defining albums. To me the question is how Magic will hold up to those two eighties albums.     Magic doesn't do bad at all in that comparison judging from the first few spins I gave it over the last 24 hours. Some fans will be disappointed without a doubt. Magic is not the full blown rocker some hoped it to be. In fact only the Radio Nowhere single and Last to Die seem to be drop your pants rock songs. Fans expecting more rock will need to adjust their mindsets a little.     Magic is however at first glance a delightful summer record, an ode to pop. The records hold somewhere halfway between Motown, the Beach Boys and the Byrds dressed up in a 21st century jacket. This is not a lyrics album, most songs are light and breezy in the way the River often was. Sherry Darling, I Want to Marry You, Sea Side Bar Song, Where the Bands Are and Loose Ends are songs that spring to mind and of course Hungry Heart. The big difference is though that the album doesn't lean all that heavy in sing along pop songs. They've got a clear pop structure but more effort went into their production.     This is the album where Brendan O'Brien finally found his groove with the Band, even though ironically it didn't become a band album. The production is layered yet subtle. Bells and Glockenspiel is added at the right moments, Soozie, not so dominant on this album, pops up when needed, Clarence adds some color here and there. The album seems to have been build along a core unit playing base, drums and guitars with the rest of the band adding texture. Resulting in an album that is the best sounding record since the River and maybe even Born to Run. This is the album where Springsteen with the help of O'Brien finally seems to have mastered the studio. Nothing revolutionary is happening here but the album is a very respectful wink to the great studios and album acts from the sixties in that respect. The band has never sounded as Soulful as they did here yet never more like a studio band. This will again take some adjusting for some fans but is ultimately the records most redeeming factor.     The albums major flaw are the songs. It is hard to make out the words at times and it seems like Springsteen is continuing the path he chose on the Rising. The way the songs are written are more abstract than what we've been used to. Springsteen has been the great cinematic writer up until Tom Joad even. On the Rising Springsteen took another approach so he'd be able to contain the big emotion surrounding 9/11. This album continues that trend on some songs. Leaving me with some disorientation on how to value the lyrics yet. Girls in Their Summer Clothes and Livin' in the Future seem to be the stronger songs here painting delightful sceneries filled with sun shine. As expected Long Walk Home is the song that stands out most. That song is the most meaningful comment on how to deal with the aftermath of Iraq Springsteen has made, the slow healing it will take, the long road America will have to take. But for most part the album steers clear of heavy politics.     The last minute bonus track added, Terry's Song, written for the late the great is ironically the most disarming song on a record that is a tribute to the pop song, the pop studios and bands. Springsteen strums his guitar, some light instrumentation is added as he bid his farewell and I start to feel that lump again. Terry's Song might be the one that does the best job at what is important in a Springsteen record, making that connection to you.
B000OY8NII|4.0|I was told about this show on SciFi channel by a co-worker, and I had never seen it. I bought the DVD of Season 1 on his recommendation, and I wasn't disappointed. Now I'm recording Season 2 on my TiVo. Previous reviews are right about the crumbling blue potato-based cd case, but if you're really gentle with it, it seems to hold up.
0440243777|5.0|In my opinion this is the best work Grisham has done since A Time To Kill.  In fact, it might be even stronger in the plot development and climax.  My only regret is he leaves you unsure of what actually happened in the end!  It's almost like he's setting it up for a sequel.  If I ever see him around Oxford again I'm going to have to ask his intentions in the final chapter.  It's a must read for anyone who loves great mysteries.
B000URDEB0|3.0|There are the usual fine compositions and excellent keyboard work by Tuomas, and the rest of the band still have their chops, but something is missing.    Annette makes a good try at rising to the occasion, but her pop diva voice just doesn't jive with the band's operatic sound. When the band lowers its sights to more traditional compositions, as in the unnecessarily hate-filled Bye Bye Beautiful, she contributes more, but  then, Nightwish was always great because they WEREN'T traditional.    I like it; I just don't love it. The rest of my Nightwish collection will remain intact. This one's going on the For Sale block.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|You will discover places and living things, on Earth, of which you never knew they existed. The way they are presented is special since it is impossible to see them like this for the majority of people. David Attenborough's narration in his perfect English will contribute to the pleasure of seeing and hearing this excellent documentary.
B000TM1CL0|5.0|Shark is a modern day throwback to classic Perry Mason [[ASIN:B000O59A52 Perry Mason - Season 2, Vol. 1]] with a twist. Woods brings a wiley attorney who after defending the bad guys who really did do the crimes, he starts to work as prosecutor  instead of defense attorney<br /><br />He has all the hockum the modern day Mason would have. A courtroom in his basement to have him and his team to practice it. Think of the X-Men's DANGER ROOM  for attorneys. A sexy boss (Jerri Ryan) who always try to put him, down and he rises above her. A team of  lawyers who all seem wet behind the ears.<br /><br />This show and Boston Legal are better than any Law & Order show. It does not need ripped from the headline cases to make this interesting. It just makes you watch<br /><br />One side note, Wood's Stark character is saddled with a teenage daughter. so  beyond the  legal work, you also have Bachelor Father thrown in for good measure. This sometimes takes away from the case at hand, but it is a nice touch<br /><br />This show is taylor made for the talents of Woods. Someone should have given him a TV vehicle long ago..THANK GOD, someone did this time! it is good Television, better than most reality programing. A show with a brain, cuz a mind is a terrible thing to waste!<br /><br />Bennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
B000EGEVZK|5.0|Just broke the seal on  this baby and I can confirm its the real deal.  After years of BS home movies and other poor documentation of this ground breaking group we finally have a definitive video collection. Sure some of the footage from some of the gigs is rough..but so were The Ramones and there is plenty of first rate footage like the show from The Rainbow.  If you are a fan this is really an incredible deal (Best Buy at $11.99!)...so do not worry about rip offs...this is worthy!    Oh...and there are BONUS features...interviews..videos etc..  truly a first rate package.
B00008PX8P|5.0|My favorite part (of many) is the 1969 Paris TV show footage.    Oh, you know, Zeppelin are 19 year olds, just tearing their music to pieces on a short set of Communication Breakdown > Dazed and Confused.  In front of Paris kids and grandmothers, a studio audience who had NO idea WTF had landed from outer space in front of them.  As the audience watches horrified, Led Zeppelin lays down a twisted, sick perfect set in beautiful color 400-line resolution footage.  It could not be any more perfect or more disruptive.  Watching a young John Bonham hit the drum fills from over his shoulder is a camera angle of spectacular good fortune for the modern viewer.  The 15 minutes of Paris footage is worth the price right there!
B000GPIPVU|5.0|I am so glad Amazon suggested this cd. This is a perfect cd for just about anything you are doing. Riding in the car, housecleaning, being with that special someone, it puts me in a perfectly wonderful mood. I hope to see more from him in the future.
B000TUXL2A|3.0|I never thought it would come to this.  My having to write that one of my guitar and lyrical favorites has put out a \\"status quo\\" record.  \\"Kill to Get Crimson\\" does not break any new ground.  After just 3-4 listens, it seems too laid back, too sublime and too smooth.  Let's face it, if you are into Mark it means that you are into great, up front guitar playing by one of the best and most unique guitar players alive today; and really interesting lyrics from a master storyteller.  He seems to be moving away from being a lead man to being a member of an ensemble (I hope that does not hold true in concert).  I appreciate his generousity to the other musicians but the guitar needs to be much more in the forefront.  He was more laid back on Shangri La but the tremendous stories he told make it a very good album.  \\"Kill\\" seems to lack that lyrical spark.  The music is good.  It's easy to know that you are in the presence of folks that know what they are doing instrumentally but it all seems kind of bland.  The vocals are a little too smooth kind of like Mark drank honey before singing.  He has a great voice but it's much better without the polish, just as Dylan's voice is better thay way.    I have a feeling that \\"Kill\\" may grow on me with more listens but so far I am not really very inspired to give it those listens.  I hope I'll pick back up on it and appreciate the \\"subtlety\\".
B000I2J6K0|4.0|I am a fitness novice.  I bought three prenatal dvds b/c I want to be more fit through this pregnancy than during my last, and to be able to bounce back easier.  I think this one should really help in achieving my goal.    The first time I did this workout I found the music a little annoying and my furniture layout wasn't quite right.  She does tend to go right into moves without a lot of explanation beforehand but, it was generally easy to pick up the moves.  Except during a couple of exercises that have you looking down and she's either not speaking or it is very soft.  After my first session I spent an entire weekend in agony, it really left me sore!     The next time I did the workout it was a bit easier and I felt pretty good afterward.  This really works a lot of muscles!  It's more challenging than some of the other prenatal workouts around & I highly recommend it.
1582701709|3.0|\\"The Secret\\" is a book where a good idea has gone wrong. It takes positive thinking to an ultimate and absurd extreme and in the process cancels out deeper introspection.     This book silences examination of unsettling emotions for fear of giving power to them in your life. In psychology we know that psychic material needs to be examined and integrated into our personality in order to achieve mental health. \\"The Secret\\" intends to offer benefits of positive thinking but it lacks a balanced approach, which requires the capacity to meet the ups and downs of life rather than living in denial of self-imposed positive thinking.    The more we deny something in our life such as unsettling emotions including doubts, fears and even anger the more we give them power. When we can learn to deal with these essential aspects of life then we can make progress in our life. In Nexus: A Neo Novel Chandra Singh, a spiritual teacher, instructs that negative and positive aspects of life are like two ends of a stick. When we pick up a stick of life we also pick up both ends.    The challenge of living is not about running away from life into a fortress of positive thinking rather it is about inner growth that comes from the ups and downs of life. We need to feel fully and also learn to let go in time. This is the real secret.    This quote from Nexus: A Neo Novel nicely sums up the process:    \\"I need to start listening to my body again, to my heart's deepest feelings, my higher guidance, and then I'll know my way, without any fear for what might happen.\\" - Sarah McMaster    A more balanced approach would allow us to honestly examine our body for tension and stress, look at our emotions even unsettling ones with honesty and curiosity, and then trust that we have the capacity to grow. Freedom comes not from running away from life and what we define as \\"negative.\\" A mature attitude looks for growth in the very material offered in daily living.     Escape offered by walls of positive thinking is only temporary. Real growth requires a deeper transformation at the level of psychological integration of the ups and downs of life.    \\"Just as clouds drift by casting shadows upon the ground, similarly negative emotions have their moment when they cast an oppressive shadow on your perception.\\" - Chandra Singh from Nexus: A Neo Novel
B000ULQV0W|3.0|I can basically echo what everyone else is saying about this album.  The songs are too short, and the vibe and energy of the album is amazing.  I am looking forward to seeing the movie, if this is the music inspired by the film.<br /><br />What that said, I have trouble giving this album 4 stars.  The album is 30 minutes in length, and the only reason it's 30 mins, is because 2 songs, \\"Hard Sun\\" and \\"Guaranteed\\", equal 14 minutes.  The rest of the 9 songs are 16 minutes in length.  That's an average of about 1 mins, 45 seconds per song.<br /><br />\\"No Ceiling\\" is without question the best song on the album.  It's in a class by itself.  It's one of the most moving songs I've heard in quite some time.<br /><br />This album is very good, but very abbreviated.  There are a few stinkers on here, as well as a song that's just an instrumental.<br /><br />All in all, a very positive listening experience.
B0000CDJPQ|5.0|It works on a MacBook Pro. I used it with a Seagate External HardDrive and also a Mini-DV Camcorder. Both worked fine. And it was a good price.
B000QQFKYE|1.0|Just awful.  A series of surreal vignettes with no meaningful connection.  Laura Dern looks very confused; she must have tried reading the (nonexistent) script.  And while it's true she plays 'confused' very well, that doesn't carry the film.  David Lynch finally made a boring film.
B000URDEB0|5.0|1st off Personally I like Anettes voice alot. The music is awesome, out of all the songs on this cd, there may be one or two that I'm not crazy about, but all and all this is an excellent cd, production wise it's one of the best I EVER heard! man my sub got some workout! the orchestra sounds perfect, and the compositions are awesome. I know alot of \\"DIEHARD\\" fans may not like Anette's voice as much as Tarja, well that's their loss, just remember to keep an \\"OPEN\\" mind when it comes to music and change in music. One of the best cd's of 2007!
0307276902|5.0|I too read this book on a lark just to see what all the fuss was about.  I found it very difficult to put down dispite all that I had heard about it.  I went into reading it knowing that the book was not completely factual and still enjoyed it trememdously.  There were a couple of parts in the book which were difficult to read (i.e. - my teeth hurt for a while afterwards), but whole book was definately worth it.  I think JAMES FREY may have inadvertantly fell into a new career for himself.....author of fiction.
B000G73UEU|4.0|Watched the special on Sundance Channel as I'm a huge U2 fan and saw them in the commercial for it.  I had never heard of Leonard Cohen previously.  I am now a big fan as a direct result of this special (U2 and Leonard sing the last song on the cd \\"Tower of Song.\\")  So the soundtrack is as awesome as the special, however one disappointment was that the song Hallejulah was not on the soundtrack cd.  But never fear buy the Essential Leonard Cohen as well and you will not be disappointed in the least!  Hallejulah and all the others are there and much, much more.  I am now a lifetime fan of Leonard Cohen and am sharing the experience with all my music friends!
B000P12LWY|2.0|Others have done a fine job of pointing out the multitude of inaccuracies; this is nothing but spiced-up, Hollywood-ized junk.    The real story of Henry is far more compelling and interesting than this Tudor \\"Entourage\\" in Burger King costumes.    Even though it is nearly 40 years old, the BBC production, \\"The Six Wives of Henry VIII\\" is still fantastic, and infinitely more interesting and accurate.
B0002CHIJW|1.0|A pretty lame \\"shock\\" movie. I wanted to see it because growing up it was always talked about in such verboten tones. It wasn't well done at all really...and there have certainly been movies done about rape and revenge that were much much better, but this was made in the seventies so I guess I can understand why it was so offensive and shocking to people at the time. Basically a waste of time from any objective or artistic point of view.
B000UCEJEQ|4.0|I was surprised at the content of this album - it harkens back to the \\"big\\" sounds of Diva, and even some of her late 80s material with the Eurhythmics, but it's also odd and sometimes confused. Many of the songs are hauntingly beautiful, raw and deeply moving, while others are frantic, overproduced, too pushy and noisy. After hearing \\"Dark Road\\" before the album was released, I assumed the remaining tracks would be in the vein of Bare, and I was wrong. While I'm not disappointed with the album overall, and no one can contend with Annie's extraordinary voice and musicality, I was hoping for something different, an evolution of her amazing talent. Maybe next time!
0743496728|5.0|Stark.  Honest.  Blunt.  The truth hurts and Picoult reveals it whether we want to know it or not in her wrenching novel about a school shooting and the aftermath.  As a former student-turned-teacher, I have been on both sides of the educational fence, and was curious about this latest offering from one of my favorite authors.  Picoult so thoroughly captures the thoughts and actions of today's teens, to the extent that we feel like we are dwelling amongst them.  The greatest feat she has accomplished here is that we truly don't know who to side with.  At least for me, I found myself feeling an unexpected amount of sympathy for the shooter (ha - see?  I almost typed victim).  Who IS the victim of this alarming tale?  Maybe it's all of them - the shooter, his parents, the deceased, the survivors, the rest of the community.  Whatever the case, I urge all parents - heck, any member of a community - to read this book.  It will open your eyes to what you think you know about teens and schools and what's REALLY behind those perfect, plastic Barbie-doll smiles.  I cannot praise Picoult enough for her courage in tackling such sensitive subject matters.  She is a truly gifted writer who sure knows how to pack an emotional punch in all of her novels, this one definitely more than the rest.
0061124265|4.0|I read this book in English soft cover edition and finished it last week.  This is the first book of Paulo Coelho that I've read.    Paulo Coelho tells empathically and very beautifully stories of different characters that converge into a one coherent and thought provoking novel. I have a problem with the title (Veronika Decides To Die) as naming it amongst your favorites might indicate that you might need to be looking for psychiatric assistance too :)    I did not like the ending as I found it to be of lesser standard than the rest of the book, but maybe it's just a matter of taste.  I have no doubt I'll try another one of his very soon...
0143038419|2.0|I thought the writing was entertaining and very genuine but not mature enough.  I couldn't wait to finish the book .... I had to scan through the last few pages.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|This movie is absolutely amazing! The quality is astounding, especially for only a Masterpiece Theatre \\"made for television\\" movie.  This movie fallows the story well but is also a wonderful movie for movie's sake.  It has climbed to the top of my favorite movie list.  There is so much sexual tension whilst being fairly modest.  I recommend this movie to any hopeless romantic or period film lover.  If you like Pride and Prejudice (either version) you will LOVE this movie.     Being an actress myself I am always moved by the quality of anything BBC/PBS/Masterpiece Theatre produce. They know how to produce a film whilst being true to the muse which created the idea for their present movie.  Bravo!
B000UCEJEQ|2.0|Annie Lennox is a fantastic performer, probably the best female performer from the 80s!     This CD has way too many slow slongs and not enough electro-pop.     I gave a song by song review on the discussion board. Because I am a huge Annie Lennox fan I gave the songs way better scores, but to the casual listener he or she might be bored with this cd.
0316018953|4.0|This is a short and punchy read, focusing on the execution style murder of a physicist and the theft of radio active material which had been meant for the treatment of cancer patients. The prospect of terrorists being responsible for the theft, with the horror of the material being used to create havoc, sends the police into shock so, when Harry Bosch is sent to investigate and runs into Federal Agents, headed by persons from his past, both sides try to seize control. It's very cleverly written and I must admit to being caught in total surprise at the ending. If you enjoy a suspense thriller which can be read in a night's sitting, this is just for you!
B00001U0E1|5.0|Incredible movie, I just dont know how can be people so stupid that can give 1 or 2 stars to the movie.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|A new album by Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band always qualifies as an event, but one as great as \\"Magic\\" is nothing short of a gift, like manna received from heaven. The record is an extraordinary piece of work especially coming on the heels of \\"The Rising\\", a record where Bruce answered a hurt America. Easily America's greatest songwriter since Bob Dylan, he has never wavered from telling the truth, brutal as it sometimes has been, about his beloved homeland.<br /><br />Springsteen more than often seems intent on reinventing himself, taking pains not to be typecast, almost as if he has avoided making Springsteen-sounding records just because that's what is expected of him. The sheer joy of \\"Magic\\" comes from just the opposite - he practically revels in what he does best: strong vocals, clattering guitars, pummeling drum machines, the squealing saxophone rising inexorably out of the dense, charging instrumentals; his slurred howling shooting the curl of the band's tidal wave of sound; the Dylanesque metaphors and heart-tugging punch lines.<br /><br />On an album that recalls \\"The River,\\" the sprawling 1980 two-record set on which he polished his pop sensibilities and perfected the trademark style he had introduced so definitively with \\"Born to Run,\\" Springsteen mashes together whooping vocals, clanging guitars and pounding drums into a joyous, pulsing mulch. Magic is, musically, one of the most upbeat, accessible records he has made, even as its themes and stories may make it one of his most political. Springsteen himself said elsewhere that in writing the songs for \\"Magic,\\" he had experienced \\"a reinfatuation with pop music.\\" He says \\"I went back to some forms that I either hadn't used previously or hadn't used a lot, which was actual pop productions. I wrote a lot of hooks. That was just the way that the songs started to write themselves, I think because I felt free enough that I wasn't afraid of the pop music. In the past I wanted to make sure that my music was tough enough for the stories I was going to tell.\\"<br /><br />The production of Brendan O'Brien really shines throughout Magic, in helping to create an update version of the E-Street sound that is contemporary & fresh and at the same time, letting Bruce to experiment with his vocals in a way he has not done in years. This refreshing unique sound of E-street is evident throughout and Bruce is in top form. The album takes you back in time with Bruce, E-Street band and their music. What a pleasure it is to bathe in the sheer exultant sounds of towers of song such as \\"Livin' in the Future, \\"Long Walk Home\\", \\"Gypsy Biker\\", \\"You'll Be Coming Down\\" or the lead track, \\"Radio Nowhere,\\" with its surprising echoes of the Clash.<br /><br />\\"Radio Nowhere\\" is a straight-away thrilling rocker having a real anthemic quality to it. This is a song that needs to be heard in a Cadillac speeding across the desert or something for maximum impact.<br /><br />\\"You'll be comin' down\\", a grim adage about getting older, is a solid mid-tempo rock ballad from Bruce, with a seductive chorus to hook you.<br /><br />\\"Livin' in the Future\\" is perhaps the most rousing song on the record. Sounding like an outtake from The River, it feels so reminiscent to \\"Hungry Hearts\\" and \\"Tenth Avenue Freeze Out\\". It's a great song with catchy tune that should bring the house down in a live concert.<br /><br />\\"Long Walk Home\\" as his manager Jon Landau says, is one of Bruce's great masterpieces that he's done in a long time. A song about coming home, it's mournful, but also hopeful. It has very introspective verses and then he opens up lyrically as the song progresses, hitting you in a real great spot.<br /><br />\\"Your Own Worst Enemy\\" has the twinkle piano trademark E-street band start and reverberates with the vocal harmonies and orchestrations taking you to Brian Wilson 60's era, with violin, piano and harmonica all mixing so well.<br /><br />\\"Girls in Their Summer Clothes\\" where a young Springsteen atthe beach would watch and gaze at the beautiful girls who walk by, sounds like a vintage from the '60s and is probably one of the best tunes he's come up with in decades. I think there hasn't been probably a more beautiful and breezy song written this year.<br /><br />With \\"Gypsy Biker\\", the band kicks back into high gear with a swelling, anthemic roots-rocker about a small-town hero coming home from war - in a coffin. While the revving guitars and piercing solo on the song are outstanding, it is the haunting harmonica that emits the most lonesome sounding wail heard on a Springsteen record since \\"The River\\".<br /><br />\\"I'll Work for Your Love\\", an upbeat rocking number, is a lovely ode to blue-collar love tinged with Catholicism. It begins with Roy Bittan on the piano, drawing comparisons to such classics as \\"Thunder Road\\" and \\"Jungleland\\".<br /><br />And nobody can hear the thunderous, full-throttle \\"Last to Die\\" without thinking about the war in Iraq. It's a wrenching, drenching, propulsive, explosive outing for the Boss and the boys, long overdue but not a minute too late.<br /><br />\\"Devil's Arcade\\", a lament from a wounded soldier's wife, is the closest Springsteen gets to his haunting Western gothic style. It's a slow brewing beauty of a song too, with melodrama and magnificent imagery. It would be a great last song on any album, but on Magic, it's a bridge to something more somber.<br /><br />Magic ends with the bonus track \\"Terry's Song,\\" a heartfelt tribute to his longtime friend and assistant Terry Magovern, who passed away in July. It's beautiful, lyrical and moving. He sings passionately \\"When they built you, brother, they turned dust into gold\\". One line brings into focus one of the many reasons why his music is so special: \\"Love is a power greater than death.\\"<br /><br />But don't be deceived. The lyrics on the album show Bruce's love for stark images and subtleness in handling political issues. Even the brightest songs on the album have dark and murky lyrics. The war in Iraq, while never addressed explicitly, can be felt in many songs on the album. Springsteen, never interested in ideology or polemics, instead delves into the cost of the war in human terms - of death, sorrow, anger and cynicism. In the explosive \\"Last to Die\\", he asks :<br /><br />\\"Who'll be the last to die for a mistake/The last to die for a mistake/Whose blood will spill/whose heart will break/Who'll be the last to die for a mistake\\"<br /><br />and then gives the answer in the later lines :<br /><br />\\"Darlin' your tyrants and kings form the same fate/Strung up at your city gates/And you're the last to die for a mistake\\"<br /><br />Somewhere in the song, he laments :<br /><br />\\"We don't measure the blood we've drawn anymore/We just stack the bodies outside the door\\". Then he points out \\"The wise men were all fools/What to do\\".<br /><br />In the roller coaster \\"Living in the Future\\", he declares:<br /><br />\\"My ship Liberty sailed away/On a bloody red horizon/The groundskeeper opened the gates/And let the wild dogs run\\"<br /><br />The lines in \\"Gypsy Biker\\" say:<br /><br />\\"The favored march up over the hill in some fools parade/ Shoutin' victory for the righteous but there ain't much here but graves\\"<br /><br />The song \\"Devil's Arcade\\" has the satirical lines:<br /><br />\\"Heroes are needed/So heroes get made/Somebody made a bet/Somebody paid\\"<br /><br />In \\"Long Walk Home\\",  Bruce suffering from alienation vividly paints the pictures of indifferent faces in the street he's passing by :<br /><br />\\"In town I pass Sal's grocery/ Barber shop on South Street/ I looked in their faces/ They're all rank strangers to me/Well Veteran's Hall high upon the hill/ Stood silent and alone.\\"<br /><br />The title song is a stunner full of shivery mandolins, spectral vocal echoes, and dark menace  where he's playing the part of an enigmatic illusionist who seems a little too eager to \\"cut you in half, while you're smilin' ear to ear.\\" He's probably gettingallegorical about leaders using the War on Terror to pull off some sleight of hand ala a magician. He says \\"And the freedom that you sought/Driftin' like a ghost amongst the trees\\". \\"Trust none of what you hear/And less of what you see\\", he warns. Then in a hushed voice, he prophesies a bleak conclusion to the \\"tricks\\" at hand:<br /><br />\\"There's a fire down below but it's comin' up here/ So leave everything you know, and carry only what you fear/ On the road the sun is sinkin' low, there's bodies hangin' in the trees/ This is what will be.\\"<br /><br />But perhaps the album's most concise expression of the notions of identity confusion, betrayal and collective guilt comes in \\"Your Own Worst Enemy\\", where an anxious Springsteen observes, \\"Your flag it flew so high/It drifted into the sky\\".<br /><br />At this time, there may be people who opine that his anti-war views prominent on \\"Magic\\" are exaggerated or even unpatriotic. Infact, when Springsteen was recently reminded of this, he answered his critics, who call his anti-war sentiments unpatriotic, by saying that the real sin against patriotism is saying nothing while your country is being harmed. Springsteen says \\"I believe every citizen has a stake in the course, direction of their country. That's why we vote. It's unpatriotic at any given moment to sit back and let things pass that are damaging to some place that you love so dearly and that has given me so much.\\" I feel that everybody has a right to express his views in a democratic country. If Springsteen thinks he can do service to his nation by expressing his views through his music, then he should be allowed to do so. No one should have any problems with that. It is upto you to either accept it or reject it.<br /><br />I also wonder at some of the negative reviews slamming the album before even getting to the core of it. If you are trying to look for a \\"Born to Run\\" or a \\"The River\\" in every Bruce Springsteen record, then you are not being fair. You are probably behaving like a child who never wants to grow up. Let me ask you how many records could be like them? If records like them could be made every now and then, they wouldn't be called classics at the first place. Do you want to rule over the creativity of an artist and dictate terms to him as to how he should make a record? I think we must understand and appreciate that every artist grows with time and so does his perception and outlook with changing times. Rather than putting them into prisons made of our self-devised standards and judging them by that, we must learn to understand and respect the point of view they are trying to get across. It's not fair to keep judging every newly released Bruce Springsteen album with \\"Born to Run\\". Listen to this new album without any preconceived notions, prejudice or bias and you will enjoy it as much.<br /><br />That said, Magic is an album that should rank among Springsteen's greatest music - and whether you listen to it for fun or pore over the lyrics in every detail for their interpretation, what emerges is both the brilliance and commitment of an artist who continues to grow musically and emotionally; an artist whose values remain intact and who continues to fight the good fight - even in the face of these badlands. Magic definitely deserves a place in the same shelf as his earlier classics like Born to River, the River, Darkness on the Edge of Town and The Rising. With Magic, the Boss has arrived big time. It is a piece of work waiting to be discovered by faithful listeners all over the world who have probably forgotten what true rock 'n roll is made of.  Let us once again rediscover what rock n roll is all about!gsteen, never interested in ideology or polemics, instead delves into the cost of the war in human terms - of death, sorrow, anger and cynicism. In the explosive \\"Last to Die\\", he asks :    \\"Who'll be the last to die for a mistake/The last to die for a mistake/Whose blood will spill/whose heart will break/Who'll be the last to die for a mistake\\"    and then gives the answer in the later lines :    \\"Darlin' your tyrants and kings form the same fate/Strung up at your city gates/And you're the last to die for a mistake\\"    Somewhere in the song, he laments :    \\"We don't measure the blood we've drawn anymore/We just stack the bodies outside the door\\". Then he points out \\"The wise men were all fools/What to do\\".    In the roller coaster \\"Living in the Future\\", he declares:    \\"My ship Liberty sailed away/On a bloody red horizon/The groundskeeper opened the gates/And let the wild dogs run\\"    The lines in \\"Gypsy Biker\\" say:    \\"The favored march up over the hill in some fools parade/ Shoutin' victory for the righteous but there ain't much here but graves\\"    The song \\"Devil's Arcade\\" has the satirical lines:    \\"Heroes are needed/So heroes get made/Somebody made a bet/Somebody paid\\"    In \\"Long Walk Home\\",  Bruce suffering from alienation vividly paints the pictures of indifferent faces in the street he's passing by :    \\"In town I pass Sal's grocery/ Barber shop on South Street/ I looked in their faces/ They're all rank strangers to me/Well Veteran's Hall high upon the hill/ Stood silent and alone.\\"    The title song is a stunner full of shivery mandolins, spectral vocal echoes, and dark menace  where he's playing the part of an enigmatic illusionist who seems a little too eager to \\"cut you in half, while you're smilin' ear to ear.\\" He's probably getting allegorical about leaders using the War on Terror to pull off some sleight of hand ala a magician. He says \\"And the freedom that you sought/Driftin' like a ghost amongst the trees\\". \\"Trust none of what you hear/And lessof what you see\\", he warns. Then in a hushed voice, he prophesies a bleak conclusion to the \\"tricks\\" at hand:     \\"There's a fire down below but it's comin' up here/ So leave everything you know, and carry only what you fear/ On the road the sun is sinkin' low, there's bodies hangin' in the trees/ This is what will be.\\"    But perhaps the album's most concise expression of the notions of identity confusion, betrayal and collective guilt comes in \\"Your Own Worst Enemy\\", where an anxious Springsteen observes, \\"Your flag it flew so high/It drifted into the sky\\".    At this time, there may be people who opine that his anti-war views prominent on \\"Magic\\" are exaggerated or even unpatriotic. Infact, when Springsteen was recently reminded of this, he answered his critics, who call his anti-war sentiments unpatriotic, by saying that the real sin against patriotism is saying nothing while your country is being harmed. Springsteen says \\"I believe every citizen has a stake in the course, direction of their country. That's why we vote. It's unpatriotic at any given moment to sit back and let things pass that are damaging to some place that you love so dearly and that has given me so much.\\" I feel that everybody has a right to express his views in a democratic country. If Springsteen thinks he can do service to his nation by expressing his views through his music, then he should be allowed to do so. No one should have any problems with that. It is upto you to either accept it or reject it.    I also wonder at some of the negative reviews slamming the album before even getting to the core of it. If you are trying to look for a \\"Born to Run\\" or a \\"The River\\" in every Bruce Springsteen record, then you are not being fair. You are probably behaving like a child who never wants to grow up. Let me ask you how many records could be like them? If records like them could be made every now and then, they wouldn't be called classics at the first place. Do you want to rule over the creativity of an artist and dictate terms to him as to how he should make a record? I think we must understand and appreciate that every artist grows with time and so does his perception and outlook with changing times. Rather than putting them into prisons made of our self-devised standards and judging them by that, we must learn to understand and respect the point of view they are trying to get across. It's not fair to keep judging every newly released Bruce Springsteen album with \\"Born to Run\\". Listen to this new album without any preconceived notions, prejudice or bias and you will enjoy it as much.    That said, Magic is an album that should rank among Springsteen's greatest music - and whether you listen to it for fun or pore over the lyrics in every detail for their interpretation, what emerges is both the brilliance and commitment of an artist who continues to grow musically and emotionally; an artist whose values remain intact and who continues to fight the good fight - even in the face of these badlands. Magic definitely deserves a place in the same shelf as his earlier classics like Born to River, the River, Darkness on the Edge of Town and The Rising. With Magic, the Boss has arrived big time. It is a piece of work waiting to be discovered by faithful listeners all over the world who have probably forgotten what true rock 'n roll is made of.  Let us once again rediscover what rock n roll is all about!
B000002MY3|5.0|I was only 10 when this CD came out but it's still one of my favorite albums of any artist.  Jagged Little Pill may be older but it's still worth every penny.
0743454537|5.0|I loved this book. fast moving, glib, cerebral, lovely and eloquent Jodi writes with a fierceness and simultaneousl eloquence.     I can't wait for the next book. If it's half as good as this one I'm a new fan.[[ASIN:038533348X Cat's Cradle]]
0330244078|4.0|Following in the tradition of Graham Greene, who wrote spy novels contemporaneous with his own, John LeCarre uses his experience in the foreign service and MI6 to add realism to his tales of espionage. Green, however, remained a friend of traitor Kim Philby and continued to send his novels to Philby after Philby defected to Russia. LeCarre was betrayed by Philby to Russian agents, and his career was ended. This betrayal gives added realism to his novels, which show real disillusionment with the system and, sometimes, with its agents and officials.<br /><br />Written in 1974, this novel draws on the real life of \\"LeCarre\\" (real name David Cornwell) and many of his associates who were unmasked by Philby and the \\"Cambridge Five.\\" Here LeCarre creates a vivid and morally probing story in which his hero, George Smiley, is called out of his enforced retirement to unmask a Soviet \\"mole\\" high in the British secret service, referred to as \\"the circus.\\" Five men (as in the real betrayal) have been suspected of aiding the Soviets. Drawing on his friendships with some of the agents who were dismissed when he was, Smiley investigates the security leaks which have led to humiliation for British intelligence and real danger for some of its agents. As he tries to identify the mole, he receives peripheral help from Sir Oliver Lacon of the British Foreign Office.<br /><br />Written in formal and polished prose, the novel is full of Cold War complexities. Karla, the legendary head of Soviet intelligence, continues to control a small group of Soviet \\"defectors\\" and \\"disillusioned\\" Communists, whom the British mistakenly regard as double agents providing them with secret information. At the same time, British Control (who is never identified by name) is trying to uncover the Soviet mole (nicknamed \\"Gerald\\") within their own agency. Jim Prideaux, who appears in several Smiley novels, is working on this operation in Czechoslovakia when he is betrayed and almost killed, his entire operation shut down, and many of his agents executed by the Russians.<br /><br />Smiley's investigations are decidedly prosaic, not the exciting shoot-'em-ups of James Bond novels. Slogging through mountains of paperwork, interviewing reluctant former agents, and doing his own legwork, Smiley works at unmasking Gerald the hard way. The complexity of his character (and of the other characters here) make up for the relative lack of dramatic action and highlight LeCarre's skill at creating intriguing characters who see the \\"grays\\" in an otherwise black-and-white world. His dialogue is quick-paced, often witty, and revelatory of subtle character traits, adding to the depth of the portraits and to the intricacies of the world of spy/counterspy.  Mary Whipplend many of his agents executed by the Russians.     Smiley's investigations are decidedly prosaic, not the exciting shoot-'em-ups of James Bond novels. Slogging through mountains of paperwork, interviewing reluctant former agents, and doing his own legwork, Smiley works at unmasking Gerald the hard way. The complexity of his character (and of the other characters here) make up for the relative lack of dramatic action and highlight LeCarre's skill at creating intriguing characters who see the \\"grays\\" in an otherwise black-and-white world. His dialogue is quick-paced, often witty, and revelatory of subtle character traits, adding to the depth of the portraits and to the intricacies of the world of spy/counterspy.  Mary Whipple
B0002IQNAG|3.0|Okay people, call me stupid, call me crazy, call me whatever you want, but to be completely honest I don't think this movie is anywhere near as good as Romero's other Living Dead films, and that includes Land of the Dead (Unrated Edition) and there are a few reasons for that.<br /><br />Night of the Living Dead (Millennium Edition) is better because it captures the racial tensions of the time much more effectively than Dawn of the Dead. In Night, the black and white characters fight with each other constantly, ending up bringing about the destruction of both parties. The acting in Night was far better than what we got in Dawn, and the films time was used more effectively, and by that I mean there wasn't any filler in it.<br /><br />Day of the Dead [Blu-ray] is better because it is easily the scariest of the four, has the best effects, and really shows in a chilling way the way people collapse without any outside authority and order to keep them in check. It explores the zombie virus much more than Night and Dawn and sheds some light on just how bad the situation is for the survivors. The underground setting is very chilling. The lighting, the enclosed halls, the chained up zombies in every other room just gives you an overall sense of dread. Dawn of the Dead was mostly in the open in a familiar setting (a shopping mall) and with the lights always being on. Plus the zombies were hardly scary with their blue face paint and their swaying back and forth.<br /><br />Land of the Dead (Unrated Edition) is better because out of the four its probably the darkest and creepiest one of all. it shows the world of the undead in a very depressing and hopeless way and how the few survivors left take advantage of each other in order to enhance their own standard of living.<br /><br />Dawn of the Dead, although good, is not a great movie. As a pure horror movie, it fails to deliver enough scars and frights to keep modern horror fans interested (and before you go off on me, know that i found Night of the Living Dead very scary). The setting is too bright and wide open, very few times are our characters actually caught in an enclosed and dark place, and even when they are it's normally one or maybe two zombies chasing them. As a social commentary, Night of the Living Dead blows it completely out of the water. Race is hardly an issue in this movie, and although I understand it's about consumerism, consumerism just isn't that big of a deal anymore so it dates the movie considerably. Where this movie really shines is in its hummer. Ironically the movie that so many call scary is funnier than it is frightening. Zombies being hit in the face with pies and beer bottles is funny no matter who you are. As all three put together, horror movie, social commentary, and comedy, it's a pretty decent movie with its good and bad moments. it may not be great, but it is a must see for any zombie fan. if you've read this review, please leave a comment.<br /><br />Replay value; mediem.Dead very scary). The setting is too bright and wide open, very few times are our characters actually caught in an enclosed and dark place, and even when they are it's normally one or maybe two zombies chasing them. As a social commentary, Night of the Living Dead blows it completely out of the water. Race is hardly an issue in this movie, and although I understand it's about consumerism, consumerism just isn't that big of a deal anymore so it dates the movie considerably. Where this movie really shines is in its hummer. Ironically the movie that so many call scary is funnier than it is frightening. Zombies being hit in the face with pies and beer bottles is funny no matter who you are. As all three put together, horror movie, social commentary, and comedy, it's a pretty decent movie with its good and bad moments. it may not be great, but it is a must see for any zombie fan. if you've read this review, please leave a comment.     Replay value; mediem.
1416523359|2.0|I pushed to get through this. By the end I was glad it was over. Didn't like it at all. The story was slow and complicated with all the made up language. Not my favorite book!!
B00005JPUL|5.0|First off, I'll let everyone here know that I've never seen [[ASIN:B000QQJ3Q0 Invasion of the Body Snatchers (Collector's Edition)]](shame on me) and so cannot compare it to that movie. I've never seen a re-make of it before, nor have I read the book. I went into this movie with (mostly) an open mind expecting some virus fun, and that exactly what I got.<br /><br />Walking out of the theaters on opening night, I remember my sister calling Invasion a \\"glorified zombie movie\\" and I could not agree more. No, this is not a \\"Zombie\\" movie in any strict sense of the word. The infected talk, drive cars, never show emotion, and remember their past lives. They do not try to eat their victims, and cannot tell right away who is and who isn't infected. That said however, there is just something about the way they move, the way they don't require nourishment, and just walk around mindlessly infecting others with their alien virus that makes them very zombie like. They're not [[ASIN:B0002IQNAG Dawn of the Dead (Ultimate Edition)]] zombies, and they're not [[ASIN:B000TJBN80 28 Weeks Later (Widescreen Edition)]] zombies either; these binges are a completely new sort of zombie, sort of the Stephen King zombie for those of you who've read [[ASIN:1416524517 Cell: A Novel]].<br /><br />Anyway, to the movie. It starts out pretty awkwardly to be honest. The shuttle crashes and from the very beginning we can tell that something is wrong, other than the guy turning into goo in his bed. we start to notice, very slowly, that some people are just... not acting like people. Their smiling too much, their too nice, they start throwing up in your coffee, you know, friendly stuff like that. at first everyone thinks there's some sort of flue going around but pretty soon we start to realize that something terrible, or maybe not so terrible, is going on.<br /><br />The real horror is that some alien virus has infected most of the world's population without us even being aware of it. this virus, with is passed from one person to another though bodily fluids much like in 28 Weeks Later, changes a humans personality so that they become very mellow, emotionless, and their only drive is to infect others and kill the immune. As the virus spreads, instead of worldwide chaos and anarchy that we see in most virus movies, wars and violence seem to stop everywhere it goes. US troops pull out of Iraq, Israel and Palestine end years of fighting, and President Bush meets with Chavez from Venezuela. Almost all the world's problems end overnight as this virus takes a hold.<br /><br />And that's the terror and dilemma of Invasion. Is this virus something that should be stopped at all cost, or is it a god given cure for out aggressive tendencies? Is it the cure for violence, war, and poverty? Should we fight this change in our human nature, or should we accept it? That question is always in the back of your head while watching this film, but at the same time once you look at the infected, you know you don't want to be one of them. Even though you know that the world would be a much safer place if we were all like them, you still know that it is better to be violent and human than peaceful and infected.<br /><br />The only real problem I had was that the ending was a little too convenient and abrupt. I mean, I liked the concept that they were going for, but they needed to milk the ending more than they did. The movie was going on all cylinders and then, with little warning, it ends. Despite this though, I found the movie very enjoyable. I walked out of that theater praising Invasion as much as I could, and you should too.  if you read this review, please leave a comment.<br /><br />EDIT: Okay, I've finally gone back and seen the original Invasion of the Body Snatchers movie as well as its 1978 remake. As much as I loved this version of the classic tale, I have to admit both those versions are much better then this and can understand why some older fans would give this one a negative review. This Invasion is no where near as good as the older versions, but that doesn't make it bad. It's still a very good film, if one can somehow put the original movies out of mind while watching it.<br /><br />Replay value; high.good as the older versions, but that doesn't make it bad. It's still a very good film, if one can somehow put the original movies out of mind while watching it.    Replay value; high.
1592332803|5.0|This book is perfect for people who have either just transitioned to veganism or would like to in that it is chock full of recipes that result in food that doesn't taste radically different from what the average meat-eater is accustomed to. The photos are gorgeous, the writing is great and no matter how much you think you know about baking, I promise you'll learn something.    This is not a \\"health food\\" book, although the recipes are cholesterol-free, lactose-free and healthier than the average non-vegan recipes. Instead, it's a book that helps you understand how easy it is to bake without eggs and dairy.    My favorite part of the book is the section on milk, butter and egg substitutes, some of which do indeed make the recipes healthier (e.g., using ground flax seed and water rather than egg replacer, using almond milk rather than soy milk for those of us trying to minimize our intake of soy, or using date sugar rather than white sugar). There are loads of tips and \\"Food Lore,\\" which are interesting trivia tidbits that provide a historical context for the food. Perhaps most helpful, however, are the \\"Troubleshooting\\" pages that list the most common problems and their likely origins. Finally, the Appendices will save you a lot of time because the author has already organized your pantry and utensils for you and tells you exactly what you will need (/need to buy), and she includes a glossary, lists of what to substitute if you don't have the pan that's called for, and most fascinating to me, a section on the difference between baking soda and baking powder (I always wondered about that).    I've made the corn bread, the pancakes, a couple of smoothies, almond milk and the chocolate mousse because I had the ingredients lying around, and I look forward to trying my hand at chocolate chip scones this week. Then off to the serious holiday stuff so I can bring something yummy to every party I attend--so that I have something to eat (and share) at every party I attend.
B000SFZ05C|3.0|At times on the new Cult album, they sound like a band that's trying to imitate the Cult rather than the real article themselves.  Sure, they can still kick it from time to time, and the guitars blare and drums pound throughout Born Into This, but the CD mostly seems to be missing that indefinable something.  Whatever it was that made albums like Love and Electric so powerful, it's mostly absent from Born Into This.  As for singer and band leader Ian Astbury, he's in fine form on the occasional winner like \\"I Assassin,\\" but more often he sounds like he's holding back.  I wondered if his time spent playing Jim Morrison took more out of him than we know.  The songs mostly just blur together -- I have the feeling that if I heard these songs in concert, their sameness would put me in some kind of daze that only a Cult classic like \\"Fire Woman\\" would snap me out of.  The one song that's a little different, \\"Holy Mountain,\\" has Ian crooning in true Elvic fashion against a piano & acoustic guitar backdrop.  It's more amusing than entertaining, and also highlights another unpleasant aspect of Astbury's current vocal style, which is excessive tremolo.  At times the quavering notes distract the listener and obscure the melody.  Another thing that annoyed me about the CD was the sometimes harsh sound, especially on the 2nd track.  I played the CD on two different set-ups and the bad moments sounded equally bad both places.
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|After a year of very poor cd releases....some of them, joni Mitchells Shine, Tori Amos Doll posse, just to name two, along comes Annie Lennox, WOW. i am so inpressed. this cd i think is one of her best. i didnt care for Bare too much, was very depressing, hated the cover. But with mass, she holds nothing back. songs like dark road, ghosts in my machine, womenkind, , her voice never sounded so good. i love the very eurythmics coloured bedspread, outstanding. I couldnt say enough good things about this cd. One of the best releases of the year. So all you other female artist out there...take heed. theres a new diva in town. And she is gonna blow you away. thanks Annie. your the best.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Thank you MUCH for ROCKING AGAIN! In a time when much of the \\"music\\" that is called \\"rock\\" today is either lame \\"covers\\" or \\"ear candy\\"...This CD really stands OUT. I'm a forty-something music fan. I listened to Bruce and the East Street Band since I was in high school. I've seen them<br />in concert numerous times, and I never tire of hearing \\"anything\\" Bruce<br />does...even with the recent releases of the Live in Dublin CD or<br />the Pete Seeger tribute CD. This CD ROCKS like nothing by the Boss or<br />the east Street Band in a LONG TIME.<br />  I'm ususally skeptical of new releases by my rock heroes from my youth. I was thrilled when I had heard Bruce and the band recorded Magic, and I'm going to see them on tour. The CD is fresh, and I think its the first of \\"anything\\" I've listened to where every song is \\"GOOD\\".<br />It makes you think and it fires you up. The cover shot of Bruce reminds me a lot of my favorite Springsteen album \\"Darkness on the Edge of Town\\",<br />and I am reminded of that album, and the River whne I listen to the CD.<br />  There are eleven songs which are not \\"filler\\" or \\"tired\\".<br />I've played it over and over today, and it will probably remain on my car stereo for months. For long time fans of Bruce and the East Street Band its GOOD NEWS, and CLEAR PROOF that true ROCK LIVES! Rock on, BRUCE!
B000002J1U|5.0|You forget what a good old friend is like until you see them, or in this case, hear them again.
B000NVIXFK|5.0|I'll keep this fairly short given that this is one of about 500 reviews (which in itself says something about this band).  This album rocks!!!  Definitely their best in 20+ years.  But more so it's just not the type of album you hear these days.  There are 3 instrumental tracks on this album, all of which are being played on their current tour.  In fact, counting a new (and great) drum solo from Peart the group performs 5 instrumental songs on their new tour.  Who does that these days?      Aside from loving this album, I love the seemingly throwback idea that it's the music that matters - and that's what's being put upfront - on the album and on tour.  And for a band that's been around this long to be creating NEW music that is this good, this progressive and this energetic is incredible!!!
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Yes, my friends, it's true. Bruce and the E Street crew are back in glorious form!  I could barely contain myself, driving around listening to the album for the first time. This is the most effortless, organic Springsteen album since \\"The River\\". It is, in a word, spectacular.    The album opens with the thrilling \\"Radio Nowhere\\". Guitars, check. Drums, check. The band, which we must now admit is on the very short list of \\"best bands ever\\", builds the whole track, piece by piece, like a well-told suspense thrillier. There's surprise, drama, mystery...all in the first song. We're just getting started and Bruce has already laid out his plan of attack. I'm back. We're back. We aim to blow you away. Period.  It's that obvious.  Come on...he's even decided to use his classic concert line, \\"Is there anybody alive out there?\\" in the body of the song! This one of those songs where you immediately think, \\"Man, THIS is gonna sound GOOD in concert!\\"    Next up is \\"You'll Be Comin' Down\\", a mid-tempo, head-bopping number with a nice, little sax break swooping in near the end. You'll start to notice that Bruce's singing is markedly different than his last several albums. Gone is the \\"Joad\\" mumble, or the \\"Devils\\" rasp. His singing is clear, confident and for the first time in decades, smooth and pure. Think \\"Hungry Heart\\" or \\"My Hometown.\\"    \\"Livin' In The Future\\" will create a smile on your face from ear to ear within seconds. It's bright and sassy, with great back-up vocals and a too-cool-for-school vibe. Masters Federici and Bittan create a sweet, melodic foundation, and Clarence drops in from the heavens to bless the proceedings with some pure sax love. It is around this time when you will say, for the first time, \\"I can't believe how good this is...\\"  It will not be the last.  I have always said a song with a rousing verse of \\"na-na-na's\\" cannot be all bad. This is amazing.    \\"Your Own Worst Enemy\\" opens up a widescreen image with all those cool, dramatic keyboard thingsthat we remember from \\"Born To Run\\"...pianos, glockenspiels, whatever...and then there's Bruce's voice.  It is here where you may utter your first four-letter word, preceded by the word, \\"Holy\\". The verses are simple enough, but the end of the song will have you thinking of Roy Orbison.  Yeah...that's what I said. It's epic.    Then comes \\"Gypsy Biker\\", opening with a familiar harmonica riff, then gallops into a full band, \\"heading on down the highway\\" anthem. Loved the haunting harmonica wail leading into a lacerating guitar solo. This rocks as only the full-band E Street can. Again...his voice is exemplary. In previous albums, he'd probably slur or mumble for dramatic effect, or be judicious with melody to emphasize the lyrics. Not here. Oh no, not at all. I can't get over how good his singing is on this record...    Which brings us to \\"Girls In Their Summer Clothes.\\" When did Bruce ask Brian Wilson to join the E Street Band? Seriously, the opening reminded of something off \\"Pet Sounds\\", and again, the singing is simply astonishing.   This may be the song you will play to non-Bruce music fans; they'll re-assess their opinions instantly.  By this time, I'm thinking, Springsteen hasn't made an album this consistent, this enjoyable, this all-around wonderful since \\"The River.\\"  Sure, \\"Born In The USA\\" was awesome, but it is a document of it's time. \\"Tunnel of Love\\" is somewhat painful (too personal?), and the E Street Band only visits from time to time anyways. \\"Nebraska\\", \\"Joad\\" and \\"Devils\\" all serve their purpose in the Springsteen canon (\\"Nebraska\\" still blows my mind) but they don't elevate your spirit like, say, \\"Out In The Street\\" or \\"Cadillac Ranch\\" did. Do. Still.  The non E-Street \\"Lucky Town/Human Touch\\" had their moments, and \\"The Rising\\", as good as it is, is not exactly a \\"feel-good\\" record, if you know what I mean. Its' pleasures are more emotional and cathartic, less purely musical. The Seeger Sessions Band...or \\"the 1920 E Street Band\\"...did some unbelievable things, but it's a lark. A wonderful lark, but one nonetheless.    Back to the record.    \\"I'll Work For Your Love\\" is a terrific, old-school Springsteen story song; briskly uptempo, cascading pianos, insistent drums (Mighty Max!) and easy on the ears.    \\"Magic\\" opens in a way that'll bring back some of the hushed tones of the quieter songs on \\"The Rising\\" or \\"Devils & Dust\\", but \\"new\\" elements weave their way in...a mandolin, soft strings...and Bruce again sings well. On those earlier records, he would sound like he's \\"reporting\\" as opposed to singing. I don't know if that makes sense, but for those type of songs, it added a sense of immediacy. That's not necessary here.    A linear guitar/string line tease us into \\"Last To Die\\", a serious \\"No Surrender\\"-ish rocker. The strings add all sorts of drama to what is \\"one of those songs Bruce used to do\\". We can't say anything like that anymore.    \\"Long Walk Home\\", another galloping rock song, continues the hit parade. I find it fascinating how all the parts fit together so well. The harmonies. The background lines on the guitars. The keyboard flourishes. The solos. The rhythm section so enmeshed, it borders on something preternatural. Pay attention to the fade out. Springsteen fans will be so tickled they'll vibrate.    \\"Devil's Arcade\\" ends Bruce's best album in a quarter century with a serious, drop-dead classic. It's quiet, but \\"big\\". Intricate, bold. A slow build to an exhausting, anthemic, epic end.    Wow.    Being totally serious, I haven't been this impressed with an album upon first listen in a long, long time. I'm thinking the first time I heard \\"Nevermind\\". \\"London Calling.\\" \\"Born To Run.\\"    There will not be a better album all year.    The magic is back.
1594489505|5.0|Splendid read!!  I lived in Kabul, Afghanistan from 2005 through 2006.  This book was completely realistic from every perspective about life there.  It accurately portrayed the lot of women and girls there and men's attitudes toward them.  Under Islam, women are the property of men and are treated as such.  The stories Afghan women told me of their suffering was heart-wrenching as were the broken bodies of beaten women treated in our international hospital.  This book is a must read.
1594489505|5.0|the price was right, shipped and received in time said it would, arrived in great condition. would buy from here again.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|Regarding the \\"Death Proof\\" movie.. I am so glad i borrowed this garbage from a friend (of questionable taste). Some reviews suggest that the long boring dialogs of the girls made them feel some kind of bond with the characters; please spare me... the acting was poor, the script worse... even the barely tolerable first crash scene was ruined by the over use of instant playback... The effect of watching the same scene 5 times from different angles did little more than remind me how fake the scene was and what a bad filmmaker Tarantino is... the final 3 minutes are the only part of the movie worth seeing... sadly there is no lower rating available...
B00008OE4W|3.0|you get to the end and they make it into a kind of joke.  This is unfortunate:  you get a very scary plot, of this chip that is so valuable in what it can do that holders of it are automatically offed, but then they decide to, well, you have to see it to lose your faith in the film's plausible impossibility.  (OK, I don't want to be the spolier, but criticism is due).<br /><br />Before that silly ending, the suspence is wonderful and believable.  Redford is totally convncing, as is his old friend (Kingsley), who went to prison insead of him by chance.  They have this wonderful duality that you find n fiction, good and bad from experience and luck of the draw, and are now deadly enemies.  You get these wonderfully unorthodox solutions, such as the blind man helping Redford to find where he had been taken by the sound he remembers while blindfolded in a car trunk.  There are many touches like that, splendid details.  Then there is the caper, which is complex and frightening, with bad guys you could believe you would want to avoid.  It is great - 5 stars -  right up until the ridicoulous finale, which ruins the whole thng.<br /><br />Recommended, but skip the last 2 minutes.
B000N3ST7K|1.0|put together create a mood without visuals . Maybe it will work With the Movie of which i am sure it will ...
B000UR9QIK|4.0|Just got done previewing it after purchasing it today and it's easy to see the improvment in quality of the picture.  Well worth the upgrade although the makeup doesn't age to well but what do you want for a 30 year old film?  Still worth picking up.  Enjoy!!
B000OYC3J8|5.0|into genius kid does humble mastery with rock music and interpretations of Life in the Beginning of 21rst Century Ending of Comsumerism but not Stupidity which seems can not Be Helped ...
B000UR9QGW|2.0|Do not upgrade. Picture has a fuzzy quality to it. Not saying it's horrible but really there is no reason to upgrade from the dvd version.  I also purchased Dawn of the Dead and there was an immediate quality difference, well worth the upgrade.  Unfortunately there just isn't enough of a quality upgrade for Evil dead 2 to make an extra dip worth it. Real Bummer.
0374105235|5.0|This book is truly amazing. It is almost unbelievable to read about the lives of people like Ishmael, but it's true, and it's happening today. Yes, in some parts it is certainly hard to read, but it's worth it. It is better to be shocked and scarred by this book than ignorant to it. Ishmael is a wonderfully optimistic person, and I think we can all learn a lot from his courage. In his own words, Ishmael is not an expert on the history of Sierra Lione, but by putting a face and name to this story, you will still learn a lot from him! I recommend this book to anyone and everyone!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Bryan, do you ever get the feeling you're missing something, something that everyone else knows about.    I can't even begin to express the significance of this album not only to my personal life but to the music industry as whole.  And it seems I'm not alone in my experience.  I would challenge anyone reading this to try and find another album with as many 5 star reviews and as few 2 and 1 star reviews.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I've been wanting to get this DVD set since \\"Friends\\" ended but I didn't want to pay $300.00 for the series.  The price broke me down and I couldn't resist getting this show.  What's better, it arrived a day earlier than I was expecting it.  My boxed set arrived in perfect condition.  I'm glad I stumbled across this bargain!
B000001ABD|5.0|This product was great. It was a blast from the past and I enjoyed it tremendously.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|Awesome awesome movie I loved it! Im ushually a chic flic kind of movie watcher and wasent sure if i would like it but Rose Mcgowan is my fave actress so I figured it was worth a shot. Im so glad I watched. It was compleatly entertaining and even though Rose dies withen the first half it was still a great movie.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|\\"Magic\\" builds on the introspection and creativity of \\"Devils and Dust\\" but adds the booming sound of the E Street Band to make a totally new sound that manages to evoke memories of old Bruce.  There is alot of the \\"wild and the innocent...\\" and \\"Darkness\\" in here.   A fantastic bit of story-telling and rock-n-roll.
1594489505|2.0|I loved Kite Runner and couldn't wait to read this book about Afghan women. As alive as I found Kite Runner to be, I found this one forced and mechanical, not written from that place deep inside but an intellectual artifact. Well, I confess I took it back to the library at the end of the first part. But this takes nothing from the wonderful talent of the author. He's just not a woman! Keep writing Khaled!
0316067598|2.0|A heroic and unbelievable story tripped up by a bunch of Limbaugh-like media bashing, W loving, and some serious repetition. The author rambles on about the media, how awesome the SEALS are, and a painfully drawn out account of BUDS training.  We know the SEALS are the best, and that BUDS is tough, but that's all another book.    His co-author oughta be shot, this could've been a great book if Marcus'd had a real professional steer him through it. The book doesn't get into the meat of the story till it's almost half done.  Maybe less BUDS, and more about the heroes who died in the rescue helo and the successes they all had against the true terrorists, Al Qaeda and the black hats.    I'm a little curious about the love for W, when he's never had our backs. He's been happy to let Dick and the girls mire us, undermanned and ill-equipped, in a police action in Iraq due to a criminal lack of expertise in the Executive branch, instead of prosecuting the righteous war in Afghanistan against our real enemies.  Where's Osama, George? Enjoying his recruiting success, that's where.   See? there's my review's example of the type of political BS Marcus gets mired in in the book.
B000E97HIA|3.0|Prince has been pumping out albums for about 30 years and like so many others that fall in to this category people buy it because it is familiar.  When listening to this album you are obviously listening to a Prince cd.  It could have been written in 1986 or 1996, or in this case, 2006.  It isn't a bad listen but he has done it all before, he just does it a little different here, changes a few things here and there and releases it as new material.  Don't get me wrong I think Prince is one of the best musicians \\"artists\\" in the past 30 years but he could have stopped some years ago and the musical landscape wouldn't have noticed or been altered.  He once shocked and awed us with his genius, now he is complacent with doing the same old thing...too bad. With that said, I would never miss the man live, if you haven't seen him, go see him and enjoy.  I am originally from Minneapolis and have seen him countless times.  This album is not worth your time if you like to hear new sounds and creativity unless you have never heard a Prince album, skip it and go to a local indie bar and hear some new sounds.
B000URDEB0|5.0|Tarja left, big deal! She didn't write anything in Nightwish, you can tell because this album is probably the strongest they've ever released. The music is topnotch and memorable, emotional, its everything you can ask for in a Nightwish album. The vocals I like alot more then Tarja, I never really liked her operatic voice, I just learned to deal with it cuz of how awesome musically this band is, now I feel the new singer fits perfectly. People giving this album anything below 3 stars don't know a thing about great music.
1401300529|5.0|Korea truly is the forgotten war. Halberstam has left us a masterpiece.  The last of his legacy of an observer of history hits the mark. A conflict of such complications and political absurdities cannot be done justice in a single volume, but the material Halberstam covers gives us a crisp, clear and honest view of events more than a half century past.    When Halberstam died so tragically those of use who are familiar with his work knew that a true artist had past, and the thought that there would be no more books knew that the loss was magnified. Fortunately he had provided one last journey into our history that is more than we might ever have hoped for.    Not only is the research done with expert care, the writing is so smooth and natural that the pages fly by, and the end result is a work of non-fiction that will stand the test of time, and Halberstram's reputation is increased exponentially. This is a must read for the true history buff, but especially for those who work in Washington and have yet to learn the lessons of history.
0316067598|5.0|One of the best books I've read in years. The grueling rigors of Seal training exceeded anything I'd imagined. The battlefield and escape chapters detailed the bravery and skills of these men.      It was not surprising to see Marcus' disdain for some bureaucrats and a media that second-guess the military at every opportunity.
B000E1ZBGS|4.0|This film does take liberties with the book but keeps true to the spirit of the story and the characters.  A lovely movie and worth adding to your collection.
1599869470|5.0|Excellent Book!  The best I've read in a long time...The newer ones are just saying what this said over 80 years ago...  Something you have to stick with...Kind of like workingout....
B000V8I2QU|2.0|Aside from the sometimes cryptic/sometimes in your face war commentary, this album is basically nothing more than comfort food- nothing ventured, nothing gained.  The thing about comfort food: sure, we all want chicken fingers sometimes and we can sit at a low-end hole like TGIFridays and find them delicious for a minute- but then we look around and see the union workers, middle management office crap and their nowhere women who don't mind being referred to as baby or darlin' in a Bruce song because all they have ever learned of is relationship and family- yes, the same barren babes that will listen to \\"I'll Work for Your Love\\" and find it anthemic.  THESE are the people who the comfort food was made for, not you!  Get out of the restaurant!  Hurry or you will become one of them. Bruce sounding 35 again?  maybe- but he certainly can't write those old lyrics again without resorting to his own cliches.  I'll bet this will sell quite well, more than the superior Devils and Dust for sure, becasue that record was uncomfortable- those same acid washed jean wearing women can't bear to hear a song about their hero in a hotel room with a hooker, can they?  Also they can't support or condemn a war beyond their own everyday cliches like \\"support our troops\\" blah blah blah.   Bruce needs to resume writing for the educated not the downtrodden.  Nothing on here is \\"Lost in the Flood\\".
B0000542D2|5.0|This film was long overdue in DVD.  The quality is superb and I am more confident with the longevity of the DVD over my older VHS copy. Yes, they did tinker with the screen ratio aspect of the original film to make it appear as if it is widescreen.  Remember that at one time the same thing was done with GONE WITH THE WIND to make it appear as if it was Cinemascope. I forgive the current A HARD DAY'S NIGHT release for this commercially targeted ploy based on the high quality of the rest of the movie.<br /><br />In my opinion this is the best of the Beatles films.  It is a fictionalized version of a day in the life (pun intended) of the Beatles in those early hectic days.  Inserted into the mix is actor Wilfred Brambell playing the part of Paul's mischief prone grandfather. The dialogue comes off so naturally that many assumed there was no script at all.  In fact, the film was carefully scripted by screenwriter Alan Owen after he spent several days with the Beatles.  The movie was directed by Richard Lester (The Three Musketeers).  Lester was an up and coming director with several short films to his credit already.  A HARD DAY'S NIGHT and HELP! provided him a golden ticket to later productions.<br /><br />The great thing about A HARD DAY'S NIGHT is the boatload of trivia associated with it.  There are so many interesting tidbits that you could fill an entire book discussing them.  This is a film you have to watch several times to catch everything that is going on, for example:<br /><br />-The \\"Clean old man\\" reference to Paul's grandfather is a comical reference to Brambell's character in an unrelated British television show.<br />-Look for a copy of John Lennon's IN HIS OWN WRITE in the dressing room.<br />-Ringo was actually hungover from an evening of partying during the \\"This Boy\\" sequence.<br />-There are coat hangers from the New York Plaza Hotel in the background of one scene.<br />-A cameo appearance by Tony award winning actress Anna Quayle (probably most remembered as the Baroness in CHITTY, CHITTY, BANG, BANG) talking with John Lennon on the staircase.<br />-Director Richard Lester accidentally walks into two performance scenes.<br /><br />My one negative criticism of the DVD release is that the original mono soundtrack (at one time found on the United Artist release of the soundtrack album) was replaced with stereo during the movie's lengthy restoration.<br /><br />In the mid 1980s Walter Shenson made the mistake of allowing A HARD DAY'S NIGHT to be restored for re-release in theaters.  He was also planning to do the same thing with HELP!  As with most classic theatrical re-releases, A HARD DAY'S NIGHT  appeared in only a handful of obscure cinemas across the country. As ususal, none of the selected theaters were anywhere within a few hundred miles of where I was living at the time.  Surprise:  The film's limited re-release was considered less than successful and A HARD DAY'S NIGHT went straight to video and laser disk.  A later restoration of HELP! skipped the wide screen completely and went straight to the home video market.<br /><br />I bought the original VHS video tape by mail order catalog as soon as it was available in the late 1980s.  By that time A HARD DAY'S NIGHT had largely disappeared from broadcast television.  For several years  during the late 1970s the local New York City ABC affiliate, WABC, aired A HARD DAY'S NIGHT every New Year's Eve.  It was at that time that I captured the entire film soundtrack on cassette tape.  In lieu of the film I subsequently played the cassette soundtrack over and over again.  As such, I just about memorized every line of dialogue, the music, and the accoustic peculiarities of the old mono recording.<br /><br />Yes, there is a point to this personal flashback.<br /><br />Upon receiving my copy of A HARD DAY'S NIGHT in its clamshell case I spent a Saturday afternoon -- with specific instructions to not be disturbed -- enjoying the film from beginning to end.  The qualityof the VHS recording was superb.  The solitary aspect that irritated me was the fact that stereo versions of the Beatles music were substituted for the original mono tracks. In doing so the overlay of the stereo tracks upset the original quality of musical number scenes. The two most notable alterations are that the lip-synching is not as well timed as in the original film.  Secondly is that the new stereo tracks eliminated the original background sound. This is most notable during the final concert scene where the cheering of the fans is basically a repeated loop of the audience cheering before the performance and during the short break before the Beatles begin 'She Loves You.'<br /><br />The more recent DVD release is an improvement over my aging VHS copy.  The picture is crisp and clear.  As noted in other reviews the DVD copy allows us to hear more of the movie dialogue. Unfortunately the out of place stereo tracks remain just as they were in the 1980s video release.  I would have preferred that the film was restored back to its 1964 appearance rather than try and improve upon the original.  Unfortunately \\"improving\\" the original (ala George Lucas and the STAR WARS films) has been the trend for almost a decade.<br /><br />The DVD release is great.  Hopefully a future release, and there are always new special editions of every film released in time for the holidays, will become available with the original soundtrack intact.ct that stereo versions of the Beatles music were substituted for the original mono tracks. In doing so the overlay of the stereo tracks upset the original quality of musical number scenes. The two most notable alterations are that the lip-synching is not as well timed as in the original film.  Secondly is that the new stereo tracks eliminated the original background sound. This is most notable during the final concert scene where the cheering of the fans is basically a repeated loop of the audience cheering before the performance and during the short break before the Beatles begin 'She Loves You.'      The more recent DVD release is an improvement over my aging VHS copy.  The picture is crisp and clear.  As noted in other reviews the DVD copy allows us to hear more of the movie dialogue. Unfortunately the out of place stereo tracks remain just as they were in the 1980s video release.  I would have preferred that the film was restored back to its 1964 appearance rather than try and improve upon the original.  Unfortunately \\"improving\\" the original (ala George Lucas and the STAR WARS films) has been the trend for almost a decade.    The DVD release is great.  Hopefully a future release, and there are always new special editions of every film released in time for the holidays, will become available with the original soundtrack intact.
B000002ULO|5.0|Throughout McCartney's career his studio albums have been very hit and miss. Vary rarely has he put a full album together of quality songs.  Flaming Pie is an exception to this.  I think it is probably one of his best solo albums and there really is not a bad song on the disc.  McCartney collaborates on this one with several notable people including former Beatles producer George Martin, Jeff Lynn (ELO, Traveling Wilburys), Steve Miller (Steve Miller Band) and even former band mate Ringo Star.  The result is a collection of songs that show off the many sides of McCartney's writing talents and presents some of the best post Beatles material he has done.  There is an air of sadness about much of this album as Paul's wife Linda was battling cancer at the time (she would eventually pass away from the disease), yet he also manages to includes some bouncy rockers that are instantly hummable.  Highlights for me include The Song We Were Singing, The World Tonight, If You Wanna, Somedays, Calico Skies, Flaming Pie, Used To Be Bad (a duet with Steve Miller), Beautiful Night (with Ringo Starr singing lead vocal on the chorus), and the album closer Great Day.  If you are a fan of McCartney and don't have this one, it is definitely worth picking up.
B000V8I2QU|2.0|i use to be a big fan of springsteen's,but this is a over produced disc.  bruce needs to dump his friends and let jack white produce his next record.in short buy the born to run ressiue!!!!
B000R7HY0K|5.0|THE PUSSIES WHO CANT UNDERSTAND Q.T. ARE LOST IN THEIR PLAY IT SAFE P.C. WORLD. THIS IS A GOOD FILM AND FUNNY.  YOU GOTTA UNDERSTAND THE GENRE---WHAT SIMPLETONS WE MUST ENDURE AT TIMES:-((
B0000C6K09|5.0|There isn't one sinlge track in this whole 4-disc compilation that isn't worth buying. Great purchase, totally recommend it.
1594489505|2.0|Not sure why this is a best seller. I was a little disappointed with this book. I bought it after reading all the reviews but it was a sure let down. I gave fiction a try after a while...maybe thats why? The story however sad and close to truth is very common. I have read plenty of blogs and newspaper articles with similar story line. Why the special treatment for this book?
B000URDEB0|5.0|The most obvious change to this band has been the lost of tarja and the addition of the new singer, Anette.  She is a totally different beast (so to speak) than tarja so you really can't compare them.  At any rate, I really like her vocals and I actually think they fit in with the band much better.  Marco's vocals have become much, much better and they interact with the female vocals much better as well.      Now, onto the music. Most of the time, this album is typical nightwish.  There is a mainstream song (amaranth) on here but i'll get to it later. I feel this release is much, much, better than their previous efforts, once and century child, although I do enjoy those releases greatly. Quite simply, there is just so much variety in this release. It's got celtic influenced songs, an instrumental, a 13 minute epic, some heavy hitters, some catchy tunes, and one of the best closing tracks ever.    1.  The Poet And the Pendulum - great and a classic nightwish tune.  it was really smart putting it down as the first track because it contains elements from the whole ablum.  Anette gets really high pitched during this song and shows off her pipes.  The riffs in this song are great and the chorus is awesome.    2. bye bye beautiful - this song is awesome and very similar to wish i had an angel but it's more..violent. Anette's vocals are awesome and the chrous is great, marcus shines here.  The galloping, heavy, guitar beat is catchy and I like the keyboards behind the riff.  the lyrics make the song truly special.  also, the last part of the song where anette is \\"cooing\\" behind marco's chorus is awesome.    3. Amaranth - one of the more mainstream songs from here but it's so frickin catchy with shining vocals and an awesome chorus that you'll never want to skip it.  Tuomas didn't want this song on the album but the record company forced him to do and make it the first single.  It's not a great, epic, masterpiece, but he shouldn't be ashamed of it either.    4. Cadence of her last breath - The guitar is heavy and good, especially the bridge towards the end.  The vocals really shine on this song. What a great song, cool solo, great vocals, great backing vocals from marco, and a great thrashy bridge with the guitar.    5. Master Passion Greed - easily nighwish's heaviest and most brutal song.  The guitar playing is awesome and the lyrics are good.  Like i mentioned previously,  Marco's vocals are getting better.  There is a certain venom to them that you cannot deny.    6. Eva - this is the only song on the album that could be considered a ballad. Nighwish have done songs like this before so it's really no surprise.  The highlight is Anette's soulful vocals and the amazing keyboars and symphony.  The last time they play the chorus, the guitar comes in heavy and the symphony really kicks in.    This song isn't anything great and not a good choice to be the next single.  The only track on the album I skip.    7. Sahara - a song with middle eastern influence.  Every metal band ever wants to write one of these so it's no surprise that nightwish did.  Great song though, another classic.  The vocals are amazing and the symphony sounds are great.      8.  Whoever Brings The Night is the next track and it's really frickin' great.  One of several the songs on this album that I would call a classic. Very awesome guitar parts.     9. For The Heart I Once Had - if this song was fleshed out more and giving more parts to it then it would have been special but as it stands it's a good listen but it won't blow you away.  I like the melodic guitar riffs and the vocals once again are awesome.      10 The Islander - it's a soft track but the music is intricate and amazing.  I really can't describe this track.  The bass player actually sings good on this one.  Another classic.  Sounds similar to the carpenter, for all you fellow old school nighwish fans out there.    11. the last of the wilds - like the track before it, this is celtic influenced and it's great. a very great instrumental.  will be great live, another classic!    12. 7 days to the wolves - another great, classic song.  the vocals, the instrumentation, it's all good.      13. meadows of heaven - an epic track, with breath taking vocals.  When the songs gets a little heavy towards the end with the chorus of people, it really gets good. This is the song that Higher Than Hope, from once, tried to be.  one of the great songs ever written by the band.    So there you go.  I wouldn't say this is their best release (that goes to wishmaster, their truly only great effort IMO) but it's much better than their previous efforts.  If your'e a nightwish fan then I don't see why you wouldn't want this in your collection.      The following tracks from this albums, at least in my opinion, are classics in the nightwish catalog:  The Poet and the Pendulum, Cadence of her last breath,  Master Passion Greed, Sahara, Whoever Brings The Night, The Islander, last of the wilds, 7 days to the wolves, and meadows of heaven    all in all, it's a good release and worth the money for nightwish fans.
0393927547|1.0|On the strength of the first edition, I ordered the second edition for a course.  The second edition is missing five pages from Chapter III of the 1890 version of the novel.<br /><br />I have tried contacting Norton.  Their feedback page did not work.
B000002UVX|5.0|At the time Jimi was very sensitive to his image. He was concerned about the expectations of putting on a show. Burning his guitar etc. ,when all he really wanted to do was roll up his sleeves and play guitar.I can't put it into words , but that is what he did. He just played his guitar. Which, by the way he did it like no one else , so dig this recording 'cause it's Jimi at his best.
B000URDEB0|3.0|Dark Passion Play is very much an album of two halves. A thundering and bombastic first 8 tracks (with the exception of the ballad Eva) suddenly gives way to the more sensitive, celtic-influenced second part of the album. I'm not going to say much about the new singer, everyone needs to form their own opinion about that. Anette is fine as far as I'm concerned.    To run through the tracks very briefly...The Poet and the Pendulum is a decent opening track, although I feel Marco Hietala's screaming session in the middle of the song spoils it a little. I have nothing against Hietala, he has a very good voice for metal and he fits the band well, but the problem lies in the parts written for him - there's no melody to engage the listener, it's just a guy screaming. Exactly the same thing happens on Master Passion Greed.     Bye Bye Beautiful is a decent hard rocking track. Amaranth probably features one of the band's catchiest choruses ever, although the rest of the song sounds a little over familiar...basically a standard Nightwish track. Cadence Of Her Last Breath is a good, but not particularly noteworthy track that sort of goes by without you really noticing.    The real slump on the album is started by Master Passion Greed - an angry track, but also a wasted one in my opinion. Again, there's little to engage the listener as Marco Hietala rages through the lyrics with little melody to speak of. The album wouldn't have been any poorer without this track.    This is followed by Eva, a mediocre ballad but at least a break in the bombastic onslaught of the preceding tracks. Not much else to say about it. You can listen through it without discomfort, but you probably won't feel any urge to hit the repeat button. Sahara and Whoever Brings The Night adds to the album's list of forgettable tracks - by Nightwish standards, these are quite simply boring tracks.    From this point on the album starts picking up again with For The Heart I Once Had, more of a pop song but it possesses a charm that was sorely lacking in everything that came before it. Being a fan of Celtic music I particularly enjoyed the next two tracks: The Islander, an acoustic number, followed by the excellent instrumental Last Of The Wilds, which anyone not into the Celtic sound probably won't enjoy.     The mood is darkened again by 7 Days To The Wolves, once again a track that struggles to rise above average. The album ends with Meadows Of Heaven, which is the best ballad on the album, although Anette's voice perhaps doesn't quite do it justice.    Dark Passion Play's major downfall is the lack of distinctive and memorable songs. A lot of the tracks on this album falls into the solid, but unspectacular category, and some are just plain boring and forgettable. This is indeed probably the loudest and least melodic Nightwish album ever, although the return to some subtlety with track 9 onwards helps a bit in this regard.    Let's hope when the next album comes around Nightwish is a little less angry at the world. They'll do well to have a listen to Delain's album Lucidity. If you compare Marco Hietala's vocal work as a contributing artist on that album to the mindless screaming he engages in on in this album, it's quite clear that Nightwish has lost the plot just a tiny bit. They can, and have, produced much better music than the majority of the material on Dark Passion Play.
1581806574|5.0|My kids have always been frustrated with \\"how to draw\\" books.  I don't know what it is about how Neon explains things, but not only can they get the instructions, but the results are great!  Conversational tone, can-do attitude?  I'd expect something with two heads, four limbs and wings to be harder to draw than your basic horse, but they can do it!  Brava!
B00092ZMDY|5.0|I Hated the Eagles circa Hell Freezes Over. Hated their blandness, their no risks way of doing things. Hated them the more with that unplugged version of Hotel California in Hell Freezes Over with an introduction resembling \\"el Cndor Pasa\\" versioned by any native south american andes folkloric group. Hated the Henley slow ones.    And suddenly it is 30 years after, and wow, whatta surprise. Of course I still resent the absense of Messrs. Leadon, Meisner & Felder.    But I'm still surprised, first of all, they were not so bad as I used to think. This DvD pushed me back in the years to rediscover a couple of gems: the 1st, self-titled album \\"Eagles\\" and \\"One of These Nights\\" both masterpieces with less Henley's whining voice smearing the proceedings. Thanks for the trip back to high school years.    And, regarding this concert DVD from Melbourne I summarize the pluses and minuses:    1- Sheilas on the front row singing along. I wish there would be more of them nice ladies to compensate the geriatric view of the artists themselves, specially that brunette one with dimples and sweet smile in \\"Peaceful Easy Feeling\\" around the first \\"i'm already standing on the ground\\" and in the same song the one who's singing and dancing \\"...i may never see you agaaaain\\" among others as nice as them: 5 stars  2- Glen Frey is in good form and does a fine job as a front man, the show highlights are the song sung by him. Peaceful Easy Feeling, New Kid in Town, Lyin' Eyes, Tequila Sunrise and mostly Take It Easy: 5 stars.  3- Joe Walsh, you know the axeman gives some strengh to the Eagles' blandness, but this time just a couple of songs reach the top notch: Walk Away, Rocky Mountain Way and Funk49, the other ones are average: 4 stars.  4- Don Henley, his performances are the show downers, save for the gem: One of These Nights, Hotel Califoria (liked the mexican horn intro) and Dirty Laundry (Murdoch's a bar stewart) but the rest of them rate zero stars, averaging: 3 stars  5- Tim, timmy,tim tim, superb bass playing, although in country rock not much space to develop his skill, still solid foundation for the band, the entire concert, but his songs are on pair of those Henley's boring ones: 3 stars.   6- The rest of the band: too many keyboards and synths, Felder's replacement is fit as guitarist and background vocals; the horn section is good, but too noisy sometimes: 4 stars.  7- Packaging minus extras and Sound (just 2channel old-stereo, don't intend buy a dts player): 4 stars.    So, on average: 4, yes, Four Stars. Cheers.
0292701934|5.0|we have all seen the finished products of any artist but knowing what goes through their mind is fascinating at times. It shows us the human side of the artist which makes him more complete as a person - very nicely done
B000V8I2QU|5.0|I've listened to the album all the way through twice now, and it grows stronger each time.    I was very impressed by the album from the very start, although not all of the songs grabbed me. They all seemed to be solid... but I thought that none of them were exceptionally unique except for \\"Radio Nowhere,\\" \\"Livin' in the Future\\" and \\"Long Walk Home.\\"    But now, less than twenty-four hours after buying it, the other songs are already reaching out.     Like most Springsteen products, this album is deeper than it appears on the surface, and it's not for people wanting an easy-to-swallow dose of shallow pop music with nothing to offer but catchy choruses.    This is very good rock music with enough thought and depth to make it great.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This film, along with \\"Schindler's List\\" should be shown in all the classrooms in the world. It underlines what family is about and to what lengths a father goes through to protect his son from the madness of the world. A real example of Love.  What courage it took Roberto Benigni to write a story which mocks the extermination camps without denying respect to those victim of it. There should be more movies like this around
B000R7GKQE|5.0|I enjoyed Season 1, so I decided to see what happens in Season 2.  It was a good season, but not as good as season 1. The writers of the show could have done more with the last 2 episodes, but I'm looking forward to Season 3.
B000QXDED6|1.0|Too much violence, too much in your face bloodshed and not enough dialogue to interest me or make me care about the characters. This movie would have been Rated X in the 70's and 80's, and probably should be now.
1932907009|5.0|If you think this book is just for family-film-oriented writers, you missed the big picture. Blake Snyder has hit the ball way, way, way, WAY out of the park with this one. Take the analytical tools he provides and unleash them on any mainstream movie from any genre from JAWS and SAW to E.T. and BACK TO THE FUTURE. I guarantee that the ones that follow his structure most closely are the ones that not only struck a chord with viewers, but laughed all the way to the bank.    Want to write a nice indy flick that you and your twenty closest friends can watch in someone's basement? Ignore Blake Snyder. Want to write a loud, crash-and-bang, content-missing movie people will forget in five years except to laugh? Ignore Blake Snyder.  Want a movie you won't be able to pitch in five HOURS, let alone the five minutes you'll really have? Ignore Blake Snyder.    But if you want to write/direct/produce a film that satisfies on every level from the superficial to the sublime, then this is the book for you.    I never had a single offer on my work until I followed his advice.    SAVE THE CAT. Live it. Love it. Learn from it. Buy extra copies, 'cause if you're smart, you'll wear out the first one.
B000V8I2QU|4.0|To my friends Chris, Duffy, Doug, Christy, Cathy C, Josie, Cathy G, Cindy, Tom and the whole AU Crew. We rocked on \\"E\\" street when it all began. They were the best of times...with the aurora rising behind us. This album is fun and at times reminds me of the early days. Especially the songs 'Girls in their summer Clothes' and \\"I'll work for your love'. These are classic Springsteen tunes that really remind me of the fun we had together. Now I am Fat and old...and rich (thanks Howie). Who can ever forget those early days in McDowell Hall. Remember when Bruce, Clarence and the crew came to visit? Where was I? Drunk probably. Well you guys really rock and I miss the good ol days. What ever happened to Crazy Dave's cat? Thanks for the memories. Thanks Bruce, Little Stevie and the \\"E\\" street band...and, of course...the Big Man..    The General
B00005ATZT|4.0|An excellent version of the original David Janssen character and story. Tommy Lee Jones and Harrison Ford are both terrific in their respective roles of hunter and hunted. As an added bonus (for Chicagoans or people who love Chicago) the film provides a realistic view of the city where most of the story unfolds. This should be in most action/drama/suspense fan's flim collection.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|Top 5 Hip-Hop album of all time.    1.  Ready to Die  2.  Aquemini  3.  The Marshall Mathers LP  4.  Blueprint  5.  GRADUATION    But besides that, check this out:    YouTube's newest comedy series, 'The Birds' premieres October 15.  [...]
B000MR9D5E|5.0|For me and my wife, this series reveals more evidence of the diversity and sheer creative genius of Jehovah. From the cuddly to the terrifying, not only the creatures themselves, but the variety of ways they live and interact with one another to produce a wonderful balance attest to a loving creator displaying wisdom that is very humbling to contemplate. If this is, as the bible says, just a whisper of His ways, how little we know, and how much there is to discover!
0596007124|1.0|I just felt the strong urge to write a review. I usually don't write reviews. My opinion about this book is either you will love it a lot or hate it to the core. I hated it. Their writing style is not conventional. So please go to a book store and read a few pages and see if you like this style of writing. Even though when I first read, I thought I liked it, I realized I don't like this style of writing for a technical book
B000QUUD60|4.0|Well, i'm only 30 s when Elvis died i just started to born.. However it's absolutely impressive the effect of the image and music of elvis even on people who never saw him... This documentary was made by MGM using images from a couple of shows in Las Vegas on 70's.    It's a very good stuff and you can see why the music and the image of this sing is so popular even decades ahead.. In this movie you'll see some important moments before, during and after the show.. In my opinion, the best version of Heartbreak Hotel is on this DVD.    However, well, you know, the perfection doesn't exist... : (( I bought this DVD because I'm so interested on the music Bridge Over Trouble Water... It's a fantastic song and it's very terrific to listen it on the voice's king.. But i really couldn't understand why this song, and the rest of the second DVD is on MONO VERSION? It's horrible to see a company like Warner selling the stuff on this way... You can feel that this company wasn't so honest as you think..     But even with these problems i gave a four stars because he's Elvis..
B000I0RR76|5.0|If you have a HD DVD player this film should be in your collection if you love the Technicolor experience of the 1930s.  This is not only a great film but a feast for the eyes.  The audio is typical of the era but you will enjoy the story, the extras, and the high definition cartoons.  This is really a treat that the whole family can enjoy.
B000V8I2QU|4.0|From the \\"867-5309/Jenny\\"-like opening chords to 'Radio Nowhere', the Boss has announced that he's back with arguably both the best classic-sounding and subtly political album he and the full E-Street Band has made in...well...since Born In the USA.    It's not just the '80s 1-Hit-Wonder, Tommy Tutone he pays a subconscious homage to though; Springsteen appears to have paid some homage to Himself as well.      While the charging 'Radio Nowhere' is perhaps an updated '57 Channels', the 2nd track, the stately 'You'll Be Coming Down' however, is Bruce circa TODAY.  It's a classic slice of \\"Bad Girl gets Paid Back.\\"  And there's another for-real Clarence Clemons sax solo.  There will be several on this album.  Welcome back Big Man.    'Livin' in the Future' sounds delightfully like living in the past...'10th Avenue Freezeout'-like past.  But its message is something subversively about today.  \\"My ship Liberty sailed away on a bloody red horizon/The groundskeeper opened the gates and let the wild dogs run.\\"  Okay I don't completely get the total lyrics either.  It's like Back To The Future or something.    'Your Own Worst Enemy' comes in with orchestral pretensions, but the lyrics make it work.  Me suspects this is to all the people out there who voted for Dubya: \\"Your flag it flew so high/It drifted into the sky.\\"    'Gypsy Biker' sounds like a wonderfully updated 'The River' -- mournful harmonica blowing like a long lost freight train, but with a fast acoustic guitar.  Bruce is telling a story about someone -- a soldier? -- not coming home to ride his bike.    'Girls in Their Summer Clothes' doesn't take off.  It's not quite an homage of the same lyric as the Stones' \\"Paint It Black\\" (\\"I see the girls go by dressed in their summer clothes\\"), but aspires to be Spectorian (or Brian Wilson) in just an okay way.    'I'll Work For Your Love' starts off like a continuation of 'Jungleland'.  Even in this straight forward love song, Springsteen slips in, \\"now our city of peacehas crumbled/our book of faith's been tossed.\\"  It's not 1 of the strongest tunes on this album.    The most impressive title track, 'Magic' is Springsteen's \\"Strange Fruit,\\" the haunting Billie Holiday tune about murder.  Its lilting tune is misleading as by the 3rd stanza, Bruce ominously sings about \\"I got a shiny new blade/all I need's a volunteer/I'll cut you in half/while you're smiling ear to ear.\\"  Later he chillingly notes \\"their's bodies hangin' in the trees/that is what will be/this is what will be.\\"    \\"Who'll be the last to die for a mistake?\\" is asked in 'Last to Die', Springsteen's powerful flat out anti-war tune.  He drops the subtlety here.    'Long Walk Home' continues on the soldiers-as-cannon fodder theme.  It's also passionate and powerful; Classic Bruce. Yet very Relevant Bruce.    The haunting 'Devil's Arcade' is next -- proof positive that Bruce Springsteen, circa 2007, ain't living in 1977.  Just visiting.  It's another powerful Bruceian tale of love, longing, good and evil.    The \\"hidden track,\\" 'Terry's Song' is a tribute to the late Terry Magovern, Springsteen's longtime friend and personal assistant who died just 2 months ago at the end of July.  It's just Bruce and his guitar.  No, it's not the Terry in 'Backstreets'.    No true fan wants Springsteen to keep recreating the \\"Big 3\\" (or 4 albums if you include Born in the USA) of his most excellent past.  So Magic has a few references to Born To Run; Darkness on the Edge of Town, and The River.  It still manages to turn the trick of both looking back, and then forward to the future.  No small feat.
B000BEZPQE|4.0|The album itself was perfect   if the cover did not have a tiny crack   ,which must have happened during the delivery/transportation  of the package, It would have been worth 5stars
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|We loved it. Loved the star from SIX FEET UNDER and knew he would be great in this. Another show where you are pulling  for the bad guy. LOL......
B00005JPQL|5.0|This is one of my new favorite movies, and is disappointingly VERY underrated! A lot of people were disinterested by the previews, and didn't go out and see the movie. You really ought to think about the big names that are involved in this movie, and there was OBVIOUSLY a good reason for them to get involved... possibly a great story line?!?! Definitely.
B000V8I2QU|2.0|I was anxiously awaiting this CD.  I think that Bruce is one of the greatest songsmiths in the business today.  But, this (IMHO) has to be one of the muddiest sounding albums in recent memory.  I can't understand the vocals (sure I could read the libretto however that's somewhat difficult while driving) and the instruments of this phenomenal group of seasoned musicians are indistinctly mashed together.  It's almost unlistenable and somewhat frustrating as I ask myself why anyone who can certainly afford the best would put this out as is.  My disappointment is not with the content but with the presentation that clouds what should be an exciting release.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|Director F.H. von Donnersmarck does an incredible job of revealing the machinations of the Communist system practiced in 1984 East Germany.  In this subversive, totalitarian society people must be careful in their every utterance, as prying ears are everywhere.  Wrong thinking or ideologies often resulted in draconian measures.<br /><br />\\"The Lives of Others\\" revolves around the whimsical surveillance of highly approved playwright Georg Dreyman played by Sebastian Koch.  The Minister of Culture Bruno Hempf played by Thomas Thieme had become enamored with Dreyman's girlfriend renowned actress Christa-Maria Sieland played by Martina Gedeck.  He commissioned the Stasi, East German secret police. to bug Dreyman's flat to find anything that would imprison him and get him out of the way.<br /><br />The job of surveillance was given to Captain Gerd Wiesler played wonderfully by Ulrich Muhe.  Wiesler was a formidable and relentless interrogator who actually schooled young Stasi agents in technique.  Wiesler's boss and schoolmate Lt. Col. Grubitz played by Ulrich Tukur made sure to point out that their careers depended on the success of their mission.<br /><br />Wiesler with typical Aryan efficiency began compiling massive files on Dreyman but could not find incriminating evidence.  Slowly he began getting wrapped in the lives of Dreyman and his girlfriend Sieland.  When an article smuggled out of East Germany was published in the prestigious and widely read West German Stern magazine denouncing the government and attributed to the watched playwright, Wiesler had a decision to make.  Introspectively he began examining the veracity and worthiness of his mission and the sanctity of an individual's privacy.  He was now forced to take action, but what would he do?<br /><br />\\"The Lives of Others\\" started slowly but as the magnitude of the premise of the plot became clearer, my appreciation of the statement the film was making grew greater and greater.  An exposing film such as this would have not seen the light of day had not the Berlin Wall toppled in 1989.ght of day had not the Berlin Wall toppled in 1989.
B000003FMY|5.0|It is difficult to put into words how much I enjoy this music.  While I realized that this had been recorded in the 50's and I was prepared for some background noise, what I received instead was a kind of majesty and purpose that is difficult to find today in an orchestra or its conductor.  There is no doubt about the glorious interpretation of this music and the orchestra is likewise single minded.  I freely admit that I purchased this CD realizing that my only copy on digital vinyl left me tied to my listening room at home.  I also freely admit that I purchased this with the intent on revenge against the Mustangs playing what passes for music these days, a cacophony of filthy lyrics and vulgar pounding.  I have to say that the result is both worthwhile and pleasurable, watching people with their baseball caps on backwards cringe at the sound of a real orchestra. Such is true delight!  In addition, I have found that when I arrive at a destination with this CD, I almost always finish listening to the selection before exiting the car, even when it makes me a few minutes late.  There are few pleasures in life beyond music that, even though hopelessly romantic and idealized, stirs the soul and helps us focus on greater things. If nothing else, this recording is a sharp contrast to the shoddy values of the modern age, both in content and execution.
B00007AJF9|5.0|I have read two biographies of Elizabeth and went back recently to check some facts. The movie has Liza meeting the Duke of Anjou early in her reign. Actually she met him when she was forty five years old and I had no indication from the text that the duke was a queer cross dresser. The movie also depicts him as a drunk. During scenes of Mary Tudor's reign everything is ugly and dark. The rooms are lit with ugly short stumpy candles, the furniture is nasty. As soon as Liza comes to the throne she gets much nicer rooms to live in. All natural sunlight comes in from the ceiling, white pillars and beautiful \\"marble?\\" floors appear. Liza must have redecorated extensively. This is not Tudor architecture.  I loved this movie but I wish Directors would read books. They also portray her wearing that hard white makeup in her twenties which no portrait of her at that age can verify. She didn't do that. She didn't wear wigs presumably until about the age of forty. Grey hair or whatever prompted this change. The actor cast as Dudley looks nothing like him but Kate is the image of Elizabeth. I guess they thought the real Dudley wasn't cutey studly enough. They have a ridiculous scene of a lady in waiting dying of poisoning after trying on a dress. What? When is this recorded?
0618680004|3.0|The first half was great.  I never finished it, though.  I felt like I was reading someone's dissertation.  Nevertheless, I still keep it on my bookshelf hoping maybe I'll complete the reading sometime soon.<br /><br />Probably not, though.  There are better books out there.
B000V8I2QU|1.0|I should have known better than believe all the hype which was probably generated by Bruce's record label and his own P.R. people. This cd is weak with little inspiration. I thought if I just turned it up really loud it would sound better. I was wrong.
B000008JUM|5.0|I purchased this when it was released, (on cassette), listened to it so much over time, not even re-spooling could save it and I actually morned its passing. To find it so many years later on DVD was like Christmas morning. So many talented artist.
0345494997|5.0|The probable story of these real people was facinating.  I grew up in Wisconsin during his days at Talisen East  and met him when I was a child.  I have always been facinated by his work. I have alwys visited his buildings abroad when I travelled.  This book just gave me a look at how far women have progressed.  It was a good look at the times 1920s and our culture imparitives for women.
0143038419|1.0|Her writing style is fluid, but her precious self-indulgence made it a painful read and embodies the entitlement \\"all-about-me\\" vein in the current culture in North America. That this book is currently #4 on the Amazon best-seller list is disheartening because it reminds me of how this generation of women in America could make a difference but instead are focused on getting their lattes in their SUVs on their way to yoga class. Me, me, me! Try reading \\"Three Cups of Tea\\" by Greg Mortenson to see what one person can accomplish in the world as a stark contrast to Gilbert's self-centered story.
1594489505|5.0|Exciting story about women in other cultures.  Could hardly put it down.  Love does triumph.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|The film tells the story of the 300 spartans who stood firm against the might of the Persian army of over a million soldiers. In the style of the Frank Miller (Sin City) comic books it works very well. The action scenes are very well done and the story is a damn good romp. I think that Gerard Butler is excellent as King Leonidas \\"This is Sparta\\" The blue ray edition is an essential purchase if you like sword and sandle epics like Gladiator and Troy, crystal clear picture great sound what more could you ask.
B000EHRVP6|1.0|There are controversial movies that live up to the promise of being something unique, something different, something that captivates an audience that while revolting them or surprising them it still becomes a movie that you can recommend to others. This is not one of them.<br /><br />The film tells the story of two American friends, Paxton and Josh, who are backpacking their way across Europe. Picking up a Scandinavian friend, they move from hostel to hostel (popular youth hotels that are fairly inexpensive) seeing the sights and doing everything in their power to bed as many European beauties as possible.<br /><br />While out on the town one night seeking women, a local tells them of a hostel in a nearby country that caters to American's seeking action. He leads them to believe that once their accents are known, women will be basically tossing themselves at the two. Off they go in search of naked European women.<br /><br />Arriving at the hostel they discover they must share a room. It turns out their roommates are two voluptuous women who begin the day by changing while the boys enter the room. Hitting the town, the next morning they find their Scandinavian friend gone, leaving with no message. The next night, both are on the town with the two girls (who each has bedded) when they begin to get dizzy. While Paxton passes out locked up in the local bar's stock room, Josh wakes to find himself chained to a chair in the dingiest of basement cells.<br /><br />Thus the promise tales of HOSTEL begins to unfold, where we find that it has all been a set up luring young men and women to this country where lawlessness runs rampant. So much so that for the right price, you can actually kill and torture someone. Which is what happens to Josh. Slices, dices, ankles cut to prevent running away, gouges and more are in store for anyone who is taken to this den of depravity.<br /><br />So much for Josh. Paxton wakes to find his friend now missing. Searching high and low, he too is captured only to escape. But in true heroic fashion, he must attempt to save his friend as well as the young Japanese girl the two met in the hostel.<br /><br />This movie yearns to churn the strongest of stomachs. The effects are realistic but not to the point of causing any realist to think they actually performed these gory acts. While these scenes are not numerous enough to satiate the most deeply disturbed gore hounds, they are enough to cause a bit of nausea in the normal filmgoer.<br /><br />What is truly disturbing about this film is less what is seen on the screen as considering those sitting and watching it. While the film attempts to show how depraved a society we have become where we can find amusement and entertainment in the death and destruction of a human being, it in itself does just that, attempting to entertain us with scenes of torture and bloodshed.<br /><br />Interviews with director Eli Roth (CABIN FEVER) have stated that he found the idea from a web site he heard about on the internet. And he wanted to make people feel disgusted with what they saw, make them realize how terrible people could be, how low they cold sink. He does this in spades. But at the same time, he caters not only to the morbidly curious but the blood loving sadists as well. In showing us the worst he can dream up with people interested in killing someone for entertainment, he does the same by making each viewer a part of the same group.<br /><br />Subsequent interviews with Roth have heard him talk about how the fault of both HOSTEL films lies not with the director or manufacturer of the film but in audiences who just don't get it. This is always a good argument when someone's movies aren't well received (the 2nd fell flat at the box office). Have I missed the boat when Hollywood hails films like this as artistic? Give me entertainment over artistic any day.<br /><br />This film may be interesting to some, and certainly if you are one who feels the need to see controversial films to discover what the hubbub is all about (unfortunately I include myself in this group), you will be satisfied. But for most it will be a reviling experience that leaves you feeling the need for a good hot shower.self in this group), you will be satisfied. But for most it will be a reviling experience that leaves you feeling the need for a good hot shower.
B000UR366S|5.0|There has been much written about this album and I would like to add my praise.  I think Joni Mitchell came back with an interesting album both lyrically and musically.  I particularly like the title track.  It has quickly become one of my favorite songs.  The album, as a whole, is great from start to finish.
B000NVIXFK|5.0|I have listened to this record over and over again and I love it.  The pulsating bass and guitars are strongly evident with its opener, Far Cry.  And Neil can certainly do his thing on drums as he did when he was in his late 20's.  These guys seem to play with a bit of chip on their shoulder and as a listener, I don't mind that one bit.  I do like the fact that this band has decided to inject some acoustics and a little bit of a folksy sound ( Recall \\"Trees\\") in some of the songs later in the record.      Getty's voice really has matured nicely, in my opinion, and he sounds better in Faithless than in any other Rush single.      I do agree with an earlier poster who said that \\"The Main Monkey Business\\" falls short in terms of a typical Rush instrumental and it was a bit long. I do think that Malignant Narcissism is a better instrumental and represents more vintage Rush.     Vapor Trails was a slight disappointment but this record represents the Rush band we've grown to know and love.
B000000W5L|5.0|1972....Mick hadn't, as yet, begun sticking his nose into \\"pop\\" muzak to where it influenced/distracted him greatly; Keef's smack-habit hadn't disabled him yet (indeed, it made him, that year anyway, just about tops of the \\"Great #1 Cosmic Guitarist\\" heap; Mick Taylor was just peaking (listen to him at the very, very end of \\"Rocks Off\\"); and the #2 Rhythm Section of all eternity, Bill Wyman and Charlie Watts, were human metronomes (the #1? Al Jackson & Duck Dunn of Booker T & The MG's).  So what more needs to be said? how 'bout: YOU CANNOT IMPROVE ON PERFECTION.
B0001LJCMK|5.0|I cannot believe no one has reviewed this special find.  I came across these guys because of Josh Homme.  I loved it from the first listen.  EODM combines fast moving licks with playful lyrics to tickle your fancy as well as your funny bone.      I don't know about anyone else, but I will always give a band a chance that takes their music - rather than themselves - seriously.  But don't blow them off as a gimick.  The music is solid with surprising resilience.  Check it out.  You won't be sorry.
1932907009|2.0|The book should've been named \\"How to take the joy out of screenwriting.\\"    Although Blake Snyder is at the top of the screenwriting industry (he has had two spec scripts that have been made into movies), it is fortunate that he wasn't born during the Renaissance and wound up teaching artists how to precisely paint.      Perhaps everything he states in the book may be the absolute gospel in Hollywood (ala Syd Field/Robert McKee at al), but Blake Snyder believes all screenplays must be severely structured:  - The script must have precisely 40 scenes for some unknown reason  - the theme of the script must be made by page 5   - the catalyst (a life-changing event) must occur precisely on page 12   - the hero finally making the decision to act must be on page 25 (end of act one)  - the B story of a script must begin around page 30   - there must be an identifiable midpoint (exactly on page 55 of a 110-page script) where the hero peaks or the world collapses all around the hero or vice-a-versa  - the hero's \\"All is lost\\" scene must be on page 75  - and so on.    True, he reveals previously unknown industry secrets such as all scripts must have a terrific logline, a great title, a likeable hero (thus the title of the book), and must have conflict.    On the plus side, the book is certainly well organized and extremely well written.  Is it worth shelling out 3 bucks on E-bay?  Check your public library.
B0000509C4|4.0|Oh boy! It's Sid the Elf here saying to Creepshow 2, \\"You ready to get reviewed now baby?\\" We saw this movie long ago and thought it was really good as a younger elf. Well, it still holds up today. Some other reviews panned the Creep vol.2 because \\"it wasn't scary and the acting is bad.\\" Um, guys? It's an 80's horror movie. If the acting wasn't horrible enough to make the movie laughable, Sid wouldn't touch it with a pink turkey baster. Don't take us wrong, we still thought it was very very good and even a little creepy to the point where you would say to yourself, \\"Man, that would be not cool\\" when watching this movie. But, let's face it, even for the most avid horror fans you don't actually get scared by these movies. And if you do, chances are you have some serious issues and will grow up like Eclipse kissing pictures of girls in magazines. So, let's all relax on the fact that this movie wasn't SCARY. It was highly entertaining and extremely creative. I mean, a cigar store Indian comes to life and scalps some dude. And if you don't love the guy who says, \\"I feel the need the need for weed,\\" you shouldn't ever be reading one of Sid the Elf's reviews.<br /><br />Creepshow was definitely not the typical horror movie. It has 3 stories that were roughly 30 minutes with not a wasted second. We greatly prefer this to a killer stalking his victims for an hour then spending the next 30-60 minutes finishing them off. We've already established these movies couldn't possibly scare anyone, so wouldn't you opt for something a little creepy and highly entertaining than a Freddy/Jason/Halloween ripoff every time out of the gate? Well, Sid would. That's why he gives Creepshow 2 the Sid the Elf Seal of Approval.
B000001FSP|5.0|I have owned \\"Broken English\\" on vinyl since it was released nearly thirty years ago and am now enjoying the CD.   What a brilliant masterpiece; Marianne's voice never ceases to amaze me.   Not one to like covers of other artistes work I have to say her rendition of John Lennon's \\"Working Class Hero\\" is nothing short of brilliant.  Keep on rocking Marianne.  English Cathy, Tucson, Arizona
B000UFAURI|5.0|Few words ever describe an entire album but this is just an amazing example of music, lyrics, and great artistry. Enjoy it all, every last note. Can not wait to see it live soon !
B00008GKEG|5.0|Gave this as a birthday gift to my dad who is the ultimate Beatles fan. Although I gave him the set last month he has yet to stop raving about it. I agree 100% with all the other reviews that this is the most in-depth bio you will ever find regarding the Beatles history. It is a MUST for anyone that is a Beatles fan or knows someone who is. You can't go wrong buying this set.
B000OYC7A8|5.0|Musical ICON's like Gilmour are rare. Just look at all of music over the last 20 years. Can you name one artist that has changed music,or is still around? This dvd is a time piece of unmeasurable magnitude. It very well may have been his last tour. And he made it large. To see and hear Gilmour AND Wright together doing ECHO'S is worth the price of this package alone. Gilmour and Wright were obviously at peace in their lives doing that show. Their performance was unbelievably better then any show I can remember. Dating back to the wall tour I saw in Germany. (band intact)  vocal harmonies by David Crosby and Graham Nash were angelic. And a cameo from David Bowie doing Syd's tune arnold layne and comfortably numb was interesting. They do include Richard Wright's versions on disk 2. It is amazing to me that Gilmour could at his age elevate to the level he did at this show. At sixty something to maybe perform your best show is personally moving.  If you've lost track of Gilmour,you will be moved. It's like going back in time. Only better.ps. On an island is best listened to in a comfortable chair with your eye's closed. It will take you there.  Addendum: Funny,I didn't read any reviews here before buying or listening to it. And after listening, posting my comments. I concede stealing about everyones opinions. This being said, I think it strongly indicates the deep quality and magic Dave and friends along with the filming crew captured. I only hope he tours in the USA again. I will NOT miss that one.
B00005JPRF|4.0|It is the month of September, and like clockwork another Resident Evil movie has been unleashed in the theater. This go round Alice and the gang this head out of their familiar territory of Raccoon City and into the real world in Resident Evil: Extinction.<br /><br />Last time we saw Alice, she had just escaped from the Umbrella Corporation with new found powers and abilities. Now, five years later, Alice is one of the few humans (if you could still call her that) left on earth who are just trying to survive.<br /><br />Each Resident Evil movie has its own twist on the zombie genre and this one is no exception. We start the movie with Alice coming to an abandoned town looking for survivors, with the film having the aura of the Road Warrior rather than a horror film. Don't worry, young zombieites, very soon all hell breaks loose and there is no doubt this film has all you come to expect with a Resident Evil film, action, horror, and more....<br />Apple Store<br /><br />Along with our old friends Alice (Milla Jovovich), Carlos Olivera (Oded Fehr), L.J. (Mike Epps) returning for this third installment we are introduced to a new band of survivors led by Claire (Ali Larter) who is most recently known from her role as Niki Sanders in the hit television show Heroes. However, the character Jill Valentine, the second female lead from Resident evil Apocalypse, is for some reason missing from this film entirely with no explanation. But all hope is not lost as Larter's character fills the shoes with ease.<br /><br />For this outing film producer, Paul Anderson, choose Russell Mulcahy (of Highlander fame) to direct the film and his exceptional directing skills shows. The Resident Evil series has never been one to focus that much on plot or drama. The series usually relies on it's great action and hyperkinetic filming to be the focal point. However, this time the film actually has a very cohesive story and takes time out from the action to focus on character development.<br /><br />All in all this third film is a great addition to the Resident Evil series and you can be sure there will be more to come with the way it performed at the box-office this weekend./>All in all this third film is a great addition to the Resident Evil series and you can be sure there will be more to come with the way it performed at the box-office this weekend.
0807126063|4.0|This book, i think, is generally over rated.  Dont get me wrong, it is funny and memorable.  However it was awarded the Pulitzer posthumously and I feel that it does not rank up there with the best work produced in the last century.  It is likely that Toole might have produced such a book had he continued writing though.  Perhaps his suicide has granted the book an aura of pathos that has helped it along the path to greatness.  The book tends to make caricatures out of the characters, including Ignatius (who is the only real character in the book).  Because the book focuses on the personal scale of things, this defect in itself hurts it the most.  Would I read it again, probably yes, but I would have enjoyed it more had i not expected so much of it.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|I have a friend who swears by Quentin Tarantino.  Regular readers of my reviews will note that I was disgusted by the violence and nihilism of Tarantino's \\"Kill Bill\\" movies.  Why, you may be asking, have I spent nearly two hours of my time watching \\"Death Proof\\"?  Simple: Kurt Russell is a fox.  And my friend sort of made me watch it (in order to get a free meal).    So imagine my confusion when I realized Kurt Russell is practically absent from the movie.  It's true!  The man only has maybe one-quarter of the total screentime.  What a rip!    With only a few exceptions, this movie is (thankfully) free of the mind-numbing, soul-crushing, hedonistic violence that is such a hallmark of Tarantino's horrid filmography.  But the endless profanity more than makes this one unsuitable for church parties.    The movie is basically two segments - the first half and the second half.  And only the first half has the \\"grindhouse\\" look (i.e. intentionally grainy look, scratches, missing footage).  The second half looks like any other crappy movie.  Oh, and there is a pointless black and white segment dividing the two halfs.    Basically my feeling is that his is Tarantino's attempt at making a \\"chick flick\\" - how else can all the inane girl-talk be accounted for?  I'm not kidding when I say that more than half the movie's running time is given to meaningless chit chat.  I asked God for forgiveness after I heard all the vulgar profanities.
0060512806|5.0|I'm willing to allow for taste - I'm certain there will be many who dislike Stephenson's style. If you are not captivated by the end of the first few chapters, don't continue. Really. It's not for you.    If you want a \\"tightly edited\\", \\"page-turner\\", \\"techno-thriller\\", this is not the book you're looking for either. Go read Clancy again. Nothing wrong with that.    If you are anxious for a challenge that has nothing (much) to do with the vanity of the author (in contrast to Ulysses, for example), and/or an interest in (choose one or more) economics, WWII, mathematics, submarines, submarine cables or the underlying motivations of the denizens of a technological society, look no further.     This book is a GREAT pleasure. I dislike profanity and usually set aside books that use it. I love this book in spite of abundant profanity.     It's even more fun when one finds smart people using sly Cryptonomicon references in various prominent forums.     This is a sprawling, ramifying book. It is not a tight drive to a fixed destination, but an inclusive look at its topics. Think Melville, not Danielle Steele.     Finally - if you feel like the story cut off early (and some commentary seems to tend that way), you really didn't understand what was going on. I'm sorry you missed the big payoff. The author wasn't lazy - he was spot on.
6304698682|5.0|clint eastwood at his best ,pale rider is the 90's  shane !<br />  it also stars the lawman from the early 60's JOHN RUSSEL !
0553805460|5.0|This is by far one of the most gripping stories and with the end of each chapter leaves you craving to read more.  Jordan's ability to open his life to others and expose the raw nature of both his highs and lows leaves the reader only to want to hear more as if we are captivated by the same drugs which took control of him.    The means in which this book is written is as if he is speaking directly to you and you can feel the power in both his success and later demise.  This is one of the most powerful stories and I strongly encourage others to explore The Wolf of Wall Street.
B000RF1QDI|5.0|I have never heard of this movie.  I read about it here on Amazon and bought it (also right here).  I would actually give the movie 4.5 stars but I rounded up.  The movie gets 5 stars for visual/scenary.  I wish I could give more.  It is artistically stunning.  In addition, I give the acting 5 stars.  Robin Williams and Annabella Sciorra are believable and well cast for this movie.  The  chemistry between them is right on.  I give the directing 5 stars.  I would have like to see this set live.  All you can say is WOW!   The heaven and hell scene is amazingly well done.  At times I asked \\"How did they do that?\\"  Some scenes are pretty freakin' Cool.  But please keep in mind,  this is a movie.  It has great values and is safe for most of the family (the hell scenes might be too much for little ones) but this movie is not biblically based.  The author believes in reincarnation, finding your soulmate, personal heaven and eternal damnation.   Don't expect to see Jesus, but do expect to see great artwork, great entertainment and possibly even shed a tear.  There are some very deep parts to this movie, and it leaves a lot to your imagination.  At times you have to put scenes together to understand the flashes from past to present, but the movie does flow very well.   This is a very good movie for its entertainment value.  It has believable characters, it focuses on personal choices, following your heart, breaking your heart, losing a loved one, saving a loved on, family bonds where no one is perfect and in doing whatever it takes to get your loved ones back.  I am not going to give away the ending, but Robin makes the right choice.  Cuba Gooding Jr is also in this movie.  It is not his best work.  He plays an Angel.  Well ... a reincarnated angel.  You will have to watch it to find out.  Two Thumbs up!
0440418569|1.0|While I liked the Golden Compass and really enjoyed the Subtle Knife, I like many other reviewers here, was entirely underwhelmed by the Amber Spyglass.<br /><br />All the carefully crafted storylines that were so compelling in the first two books came to a very unsatisfying conclusion.  The final big battle is very short, unclear, and a good 100+ pages before the end.  After that the book just sort of putters out into ridiculously maudlin conversations and make-out sessions between the two very young protagonists.  I just couldn't help thinking \\"That's it?\\" at the end.  After all the build-up, I expected something more.<br /><br />And additionally, there were lots of storylines and characters that were just sort of dropped or never fully explained.  I was really intrigued in how Lyra was the new Eve and would have to remake the decision in Eden, but I don't really see how that was played out, or how another character served as the snake.  If it was in there, it was very unclear.  Other characters, like the villain Mrs. Coulter, have very uncharacteristic - and frankly, ridiculous - motivations for their actions in this book.<br /><br />And as religion seems to be brought up in many of the reviews, I would like to address it briefly too.  Everyone is entitled to their beliefs, of course.  But Pullman spends so much of this book talking about how close-minded and judgmental organized religion is, he just comes across as close-minded himself.  All his characters who believe in religion are evil, corrupt, ignorant, or stupid.  It just seems very hypocritical to be so judgmental about religion when he is preaching open-mindedness.  His belief in atheism is fine, of course, but he allows it to overtake his story, and the plot suffers as a result.<br /><br />All in all, it is a disjointed story that does not live up to the potential of the first two.
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|Once again, Annie has managed to touch the mind and heart with the selection of songs on this new cd.  Yes, the subject matter may be dark, but at least Annie is singing about things that matter in this world.  Anyone who has listened to Annie's previous solo efforts as well as the Eurythmics catalog, knows that she is not simply \\"pop fluff\\".  Her music is cerebral and thought provoking and always has been.  Toss in the lush sound of her voice and suddenly the subject matter doesn't seem so dark.  To those of you that say the cd \\"could have been better\\" clearly need to give it another listen.  Annie is a true artist in every sense of the word!  Stand out tracks for me are--dark road, love is blind, ghost in my machine and SING, featuring a choir of amazing female artists) Viva La Lennox!!
B000OY8NII|3.0|I like the show and think it is a really original show, and original plot. But I give it three stars based on the actual packaging of the show. It was not a plastic dvd case, but was instead a styrofoam like substance. The DVDs did not stay in the case at all and I was disappointed with that aspect. Like I said, great show, crappy product.
B000A6T262|5.0|The product came quickly.  The movies look so much better than my old VHS copies.  I really enjoy the special features as well.
1582701709|1.0|This book is a sad, desperate philosophy of life- at best.  At worst, it is a bizarre way of thinking about the world which leads to feelings of guilt and inadequacy for self and lack of compassion for others.      I know a woman, still reeling from the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, who devotes herself to the Laws of Attraction and believes she attracted it into her life.  How sad!  And how arrogant!  I am confident that not all victims of Katrina would agree that they \\"attracted\\" a natural disaster to themselves. And I don't believe the woman practicing 'the secret' is more powerful than the cumulative total of the other victims- who did NOT attract a hurricane into their lives!    Few people would dispute the idea that healthy attitudes are a classy and beneficial thing. But to say that we all attract that which we have is ridiculous.  So the cancer patient and mother of a murdered child should have paid more attention to what they were attracting to themselves so that they wouldn't be dealing with their hardship now?  Wow.  Who wants to associate with these idiots?  Forget The Secret.  Don't make these hucksters any richer.  Buy instead Barbara Sher's books on how to find success with supportive people.  And if you have a good attitude and still got hit with some of life's hard curve balls, don't spend a moment feeling inadequate because you didn't do \\"the secret\\" right!  Read instead When Good Things Happen to Bad People, by a very kind, much wiser person.  Who, by the way is also wealthy and happy.
B000FGGE68|5.0|Everything I need to say about this movie is stated in my title.  I do find it interesting that the first review the had up was from someone who hated the movie, but they took the time to write a 12 page essay about it.  He/She also seems to know more about the movie and it's origins than any other reviewer. Hmmmmm
0743486285|5.0|I was surprised by how good this book turned out to be.  Usually when you find these types of books they are mediocre at best.  I was moved by Nikki's diary.  It gave me an insight into the rock star persona.  No matter how much money and fame you have, it doesn't buy happiness.  I consider this book a \\"must read\\"...
B000000XB9|5.0|I ordered a cd  and it was shipped faster than I was told and there was nothing wrong with my cd. I dont believe you could ask for anything better.   Could you?!  It's where I'll go to order my CD s from now on.  THANK YOU AMAZON!    RODNEY    in Oklahoma
B000PFUAO6|3.0|I love Dream Theater, especially their albums Images and Words, Awake, A Change of Seasons, Scenes From a Memory, Octavarium, and 6 Degrees of Inner Turbulence.    For this album, I was expecting the next AWESOME Dream Theater album, like the magnitude of SFAM, just amazing, beautiful, awe-inspiring. Not really there... I understand they're moving into a different \\"phase\\" with their music, but it is a bit bland comparing to what I know they're capable of. Also, Dream Theater has also been a giant blend of influences, particularly Metallica and Rush, and lately stuff like Muse, U2, and Opeth. This has always been pretty easy to detect in their music, but it was too obvious this time. For example, The Dark Eternal Night is so obvious that it's Pantera-influenced that it's screaming in my face. Constant Motion is obviously Metallica. Prophets of War is practically nicknamed the \\"Muse song\\". There's a giant difference between drawing from other bands and copying.    Now I'll go through each song.    In the Presence of Enemies    This one's probably my favorite on this album. Great lyrics, Pure Dream Theater, just a bit on the drawn out side. overall, a 5/5.    Forsaken    I like the music, but it's a bit on the poppy/commercial side. Dream Theater is obviously not going to top the charts. Never. Why attempt it?  As for the lyrics, I can't stand it! I don't mind fictional lyrics, in fact, I love fiction! However, it needs a ground in reality. What's with the vampire thing?!? I understand that they are getting older and have a normal home life of a 40ish year old man when they're not touring, and that they're \\"old farts\\" according to one of their pre-release interviews, but there's inspiration for reality based lyrics everywhere you look, at any age or circumstance. Vampires? Get real! One of the best things that Dream Theater can offer is their amazing lyrics, which derive their power from life, real life. 2/5    Constant Motion    pretty good song, but it's too obviously influenced by Metallica. Too repetitive. Good lyrics though.3/5    The Dark Eternal Night    I love the intro, despite the fact that they're playing the \\"name the influence\\" game again with Pantera this time. However, I can't stand how they \\"chanted\\" the lyrics with distorted vocals. Either scream it or sing it, guys. James LaBrie, I know you can do better. As for the lyrics, they're even worse than the Forsaken lyrics. Cut it out with the fantasy thing, John Petrucci! You are not, repeat, NOT Symphony X or Dragonforce!! You can do a lot better. However, musically, they really nailed it on this song. After their 23 years, they master and control their all out, all over the place, jam at the speed of light thing they do in the middle of their songs. It's all related to the song and ties it together. 3/5    Repentance    Great song, I like how they echoed the \\"This Dying Soul\\" intro at the beginning. The lyrics are really good. However, the song is a bit on the long, drawn out side. Also, it obviously sound like Opeth. They also could have done a lot more with the piano and bass. Sounds a bit synthetic. 4/5    Prophets Of War    I like this song, a really nice departure from the fantasy thing. However, sounds too much like Muse, but in a good way (in comparison to Never Enough from Octavarium). Great use of rapping. (It worked this time!) 5/5    The Ministry of Lost Souls    This one is probably my second favorite from this album. It's simply beautiful. Also, out of all the songs Dream Theater's written, the \\"jam\\" in the middle of the song is entirely relevant to the song, isn't too long, and keeps to the same emotional themes. The influences are more incorporated. Also, this is a great example of John Petrucci's lyrics when they are tied down to reality a bit. Amazing. 5/5     In The Presence of Enemies Part 2    A so-so finish to a majestic epic. Musically, it's trailing off from the first part. The lyrics are about as cheesy as The Dark Eternal Night. However, the theme has boundless potential. Look a bit farther, John. Not the kind of finish you want to have on the end of an album. Seems like they tried too hard to put some \\"balls\\" into it.
B000I5SY9Q|2.0|I wondered if it would hold up and unfortunately, in my opinion, it didn't. It appeared dated and simply silly that there were three networks and that was that.Some decent performances but I was disappointed, hoping for more.
B000BKDOCA|5.0|I have just about every Britney CD, and I was very pleased to add this one to my collection. Instead of just creating a compilation of Britney's remixes from over the years, they put alot of work in and created all new remixes (except for Baby one more time). Most of the songs are from the \\"In the Zone\\" album, and I actually like most of the remixes versions better (such as \\"touch of your hand\\", which is far superior as a remix). I also liked the \\"everytime\\" remix, so much that I purchased the \\"everytime\\" import single (which I recommend).
B000V8I2QU|3.0|Don't get me wrong, this is a very good album with great song writing but I have to agree with others who have complained about the sound quality of the album.  At first I thought I had screwed up the settings on my ipod but after I played the songs on my stereo with the same results, I was really disappointed.  It's really a shame because with a good sound mixing job I think this would've been a truly great album.  As it is now, I can barely listen to it without getting a headache.    All those great riffs and lyrics get buried in an avalanche of noise.  I can only guess that this was done on purpose for some reason.  I guess it does make the album seem more nostalgic but it comes at the cost of making the album painful to listen to.    My favorite song on the album is \\"Girls in their summer clothes.\\"  Like Bruce, I often look back on lost youth and yearn for those days again.
B000U0F7RG|5.0|i sold all my others on ebay so i can buy this i can't wait to get it. i love the Glimore Girls i send 200.00 plus for them
B000V8I2QU|2.0|I'm surprised at the good reviews that this album has received. This sounds more like Eddie & The Cruisers than Bruce Springsteen. Several of the songs sound as if they came from an Eddie Money album of the late 70's.    Springsteen has put out a pop album, not a rock album. I heard that when the disco-based Rolling Stones album 'Some Girls' came out, several Stones purists grabbed it off the turntable and smashed it against the wall.  I get the same feeling listening to this. Unfortunately, I can't  get the indestructable CD to smash against the wall.    It's overproduced and almost unlistenable. It has violins. Violins on a Springsteen album!!!!!    Plus, Springsteen repeats several choruses over and over and over and over. I think he repeats \\"Your own worst enemy\\" about thirty-five time during the song. It's boring, annoying, and repetitive.    Yes, some of the songs are catchy, such as \\"Radio Nowhere\\", but they sound more bubble-gum than rock. Leave this pop music to Tiffany and Brittany Spears.    I am a fan of Springsteen's \\"River\\" era, along with 'Nebraska' and even \\"Tunnel of Love\\", and I enjoyed his \\"Born in the USA\\"  period, but this new album just doesn't do it for me. I wish it did.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|This is the best show on television right now!! Dexter Morgan a blood splatter expert for the City of Miami Police Department is also a part-time serial killer. You think he is the bad guy but once you get to know his background and how he can to be this way you will fall in love with Dexter. This show is very well written as well as funny you will love it.  I love Deb Dexter's sister and Sgt. Doaks who is the only one that is suspicious of Dexter's strange behavior!
B000FVQYYK|5.0|i figured ever since i heard the first single from this cd come out that all the songs were going to sound the same. well...they do...but in a good way. They are all unique, however have enough in common to where the songs flow seamlessly from one to the next. very impresive.
B000002UAU|5.0|Oh, it may run a dead heat with Blonde on Blonde, but if albums/CDs were individual pieces of art, Christie's would start the bidding for this one somewhere well up in the millions.  I hadn't listened to it all in one sitting for years, but bought it last weekend to have a permanent CD copy and I've been playing it ever since.  It's impossible to choose a favorite; each song is distinct, striking, funny or moving and when it's all over after the final chord of A Day in the Life, that diversity coalesces in the mind to a perfect whole.  Songs whose quality had sort of slipped from my mind through the years include She's Leaving Home and the larky Good Morning, Good Morning.     Sgt. Pepper, that old codger, taught the band very well indeed.
B00026WU7I|5.0|This is one of Bob Dylan's best works.  It appeared after a couple lame works and a so-so album.  It marked a wonderful \\"comeback,\\" if you will.  There was an acoustic sensibility that worked.  His harmonica playing worked well.  His voice was, to the extent that it was possible, in good form (sometimes, his vocal rendering of songs becomes somewhat strange).<br /><br />\\"Tangled up in Blue\\" is a terrific song, one of the best on this CD and one of the best he ever did.  The images come, one on top of another.  A powerful work.<br /><br />\\"Idiot Wind\\" hearkens back to an earlier day, when his singing was explicitly political.  This is an angry song, and it works pretty well.  The line when he remarks that the idiot wind interacts with \\"the Capitol\\" (sung in a compelling way) highlights this cut.<br /><br />\\"Lily, Rosemary, and the Jack of Hearts\\" remind me of some of his offbeat, strange, metaphor-riddled works such as \\"Desolation Row.\\"  Images emerge one after another from this piece.<br /><br />\\"Shelter from the Storm\\" is a laid back, evocative tune.  It ends up with an upbeat, optimistic feel to it.<br /><br />And on it goes.  No need to mention each song in its turn.  But most of the cuts on this CD are fine pieces of musical art.<br /><br />In short, one of Dylan's best.
B000M53GQS|4.0|City to City is by far the best of the two. Come to think about it, Gerry never put out better songs than the ones found in that album. I am not saying that each and every song in City to City is great but when you consider Baker Street, Right Down The Line, Whatever's Written In Your Heart, perhaps The Ark...I guess I am totally partial to those songs for a lot of great reasons and I think he was at its best when he recorded this album. Those years I will never forget and everytime Baker Street came on the radio it was cause for rejoicing! And how about Right Down The Line? Another All Time Hottie!!!  Nighe Owl I had never heard before and is easy to tell the talent was there but this album lacks compared to City To City, in my modest opinion?  There are some cool tunes but some of the instrumentation (very popular for the era, I guess) doesn't stand the test of time. Still, two in one CD is always music to my ears.   Orange County: going to the beach on hot summer days, night life filled with stars and fast lanes, romantic moments that will never be duplicated due to age and energy, beautiful Southern California Sunsets, parties and cars in a never endless quest for fun, it all seems far and distant now so this One For The Memories that will never come back is priceless indeed, and Gerry Rafferty more than earned his right to belong right in the middle. The favorite songs can not get any higher score, the ones so so equals a 4 Star, no disrespect, Gerry.
B000V8I2QU|2.0|As a huge Springsteen fan, I've been very excited to hear \\"Magic\\", especially considering the great advance buzz the CD has received in the press.  Reviews have called it a return to the glory days, and I've heard several comparisons to \\"The River\\".    Sorry, but not even close.  Anyone comparing this to \\"The River\\" needs to go back and re-listen to tracks like \\"The Ties That Bind\\", \\"Jackson Cage\\", and \\"Two Hearts\\".  Those were propulsive rock tracks that swept up the listener in the amazing energy of Bruce and the band .  Sadly, there's nothing on this new CD that lives up to those tracks.  \\"Long Walk Home\\" probably comes the closest. It's a moving and slowly-building anthem with a memorable chorus and some lovely lyrics (it reminds me a little of \\"Land and Hope and Dreams\\", although lyrically LOHAD is a much better song).  The rest of the songs are mainly mediocre pop songs that could be outtakes from \\"Human Touch\\".  I think he's going for a sort of Beach-Boys-meets-the-Jersey-Shore sound that doesn't really work in my opinion.  A song like \\"Girls in Their Summer Clothes\\" definitely has a \\"Pet Sounds\\" feel to it.  And while it's a catchy pop song, it's certainly no great addition to the Springsteen catalog.    I am still glad to see this new release, as anything that gets Bruce and the band back out on tour is ok by me.  But I would not call \\"Magic\\" a triumph or a return to the rockin glory days of the E Street Band.  Bruce is older, and mellower, and perhaps the band is too.
B0009R1T7M|2.0|Sufjan Stevens \\"Illinoise\\" is not worth the price of admission to this so called tour of Chicago. His main strength is his musicality and for that he gets 2 stars since he decided to start singing along with the music. By the time I got to the song about the crazy killer clown the world knows as gacy I had already formed my initial opinion, which is: Bland Music, uneventful, and certainly not cutting edge! Dedicating a song to this clown somehow made me think less of Mr. Stevens, his lyrics a little muddled, who cares where he drew his inspiration for this particular tune when in the end it sucks big oranges! Let's just say that is not one of those albums that you proudly play to everyone you know! There are far too many Hotties out there that Mr. Stevens is gonna have to sit this one out. And I hear he is going around the country picking different locales for his concept albums? Good Luck with that plan but I must go, Sam, where the grass is greener and the sun shines above the pounding waves. Give me music with Soul anytime of the day, is what I say! For those who treasure Sufjan Stevens, and of course everyone is entitled to their own opinions, may I suggest not rated so high next time? Just kidding! I bought it therefore is a keeper and will listen to it again when it gets mixed with a 1,000 other songs and who knows? Maybe the Blandness will reveal itself to be something more complex and appealing but at this juncture 2 stars for Sufjan Stevens. Why did I ever think it would even compete with the best out there? Probably by the so many kind reviews it received! PS: Today is February 2008 and even though this might mean very little I have to say that upon further listening to this CD I have changed from 2 Stars to 4 Stars. Yes, it did get to me and since fair is fair I rate it now 4 Stars, even if no one else notices this revision or cares, for that matter. Not too Shabby, not too shabby....
B0000019PA|5.0|This is one of the best albums I've heard.  Very different, perhaps too different for some people.
B000O77SOK|4.0|[[ASIN:B000O77SOK The Practice - Volume One]]   Why, why, why has it taken so long to release this TV series on DVD? How long will we have to wait for the remainder of the seasons?  We loved watching the first season, again!  The DVD play setup could be better.
B00004R99F|5.0|good, fast service.  came as described.  Would do business with this vendor again.
B000SFZ05C|4.0|When I first listened to this CD, I was kind of surprised by the sound as it doesn't sound like any other Cult record I've heard. It wasn't what I expected to hear, but I guess one should never expect the same ole same ole from the Cult. Perhaps listening without expectation and with an open mind is the best way to listen to any record. The songs that truly stand out to me and are my favorites are Savage, the Sound of Destruction, Tiger in the Sun, however, the more I listen to this CD, the more I hear and the more I love and appreciate it. The songs are perhaps more mature and meaningful than songs from their past. Do plan to hear that awesome rocking sound on many of their songs, though, especially on Savages. Thanks guys for another Great Record.<br /><br />**** After posting this review, I received my Special Edition version with the extra CD. That extra CD is Fabulous! I believe there are a couple of different versions of the songs on this cd, and they are just plain good. Just wish it was longer. My recommendation is to get the Special Edition. ****
075640407X|5.0|I read a lot of fantasy, as much as I can get my hands on, I'll give almost any book or series a chance.  Sadly, most good fantasy falls short of true literary distinction due to issues of pacing, prose, overly heroic characterization, or editorial discipline.  Over the past 30 years the genre has matured significantly, producing a few extraordinary books characters and series, Name of the Wind stands out among these as an elegantly crafted book.  The prose is excellent the pacing and characterization never feel forced, and the world building original.  The hero of the story Kvothe, though exceptional, possesses many humanizing and frustrating flaws.  His motivations and mistakes drive the story forward dynamically.  He is not some scion of prophecy nor is he simply at the right place at the right time to take on a cascade of events that will alter the world forever.  He feels alive, he makes decisions he makes friends... he makes enemies.  Basically, he appears to have free will.  This is a rare thing in this genre since plots tend toward the epic leaving little room for characters to influence their existence and environment.  When characters take part in events that shape, save, or change the world it often seems like they are merely surfing on wave of events improbably manufactured by the author, making the logical decision the heroic decision or in the case of some authors the most cynical decision possible which yields an all too predictable result: massmarketed canned fantasy.  These types of stories can be captivating and entertaining and have their place but ultimately lack craft.  A French aphorist once said: \\"An original writer is not one who imitates nobody but one whom nobody can imitate.\\"  This lofty characterization might eventually prove applicable to Patric Rothfuss if his future work conforms to the high standards set by his first.  [[ASIN:075640407X The Name of the Wind (The Kingkiller Chronicle, Day 1)]]
B000V801PK|5.0|I've been a fan of Annie Lennox since her first Eurythmics album.  She's still at the top of her game. Her voice is strong, and each track is a pleasure to listen to (remarkable since she wrote every song). She is a major talent, sorely needed in today's sorry music industry.    This special edition contains an extra disc, which repeats the entire album, and has Lennox comment on each and every song (similar to a director providing commentary to a movie).  I believe this is the first time an artist had done this. There is also a music video for Dark Road, but it can ONLY be accessed with a computer.
B0006GAI6O|5.0|This is definitely a chick flick. Richard Gere is a middle age man with a mid-life crisis going on, worn down by his unexciting day-to-day life. He's always wanted to learn ballroom dancing but hasn't for fear of what others might think, particularly his family. On a spur of the moment inclination, he decides to sign up for lessons and finds himself with an interesting assortment of characters who are also taking dance lessons. The students' goal is to ultimately compete in a dance off, which they do, with varying results. Gere's wife in the movie feels betrayed when she finds out what he's been doing, as she doesn't understand why he's been taking lessons. The fact that he has a young, sexy instructor doesn't help matters any. Gere and his wife reconcile at the end and women watching the movie wish they were the ones that Gere was looking at \\"like that.\\"    This is a movie to watch when you want something light and to just have a good time.
B0002OERI0|5.0|Certainly perfect album. I'am sorry for  I perceive this album yet.    I listened to 8.track (boule...) on the raido. But very beautiful all songs at album.
0064400557|5.0|This is a timeless coming of age story and an all time classic good read. Farmgirl Fern saves the pig Wilbur, the runt of the litter. She raises him like one of the family as much as possible. Wilbur is horrified, afraid and lonely when he's sold to Fern's uncle. To help him through this difficult time, Charlotte the spider becomes his friend and undertakes the writing challenges of her life when she spins words into her web to help save Wilbur's life. Meanwhile, Fern is growing up, becoming interested in boys and spending less time with Wilbur. Wilbur is taken to compete at the county fair and Charlotte goes along, even though it's the twilight of her life. She gives her all for Wilbur at the fair and in return, Wilbur saves her egg sac and takes it back to the farm with him upon her death. The next spring the little spiders hatch and begin to leave and Wilbur, who desperately misses Charlotte, believes he's destined to be alone. However, three of Charlotte's offspring decide to stay at the farm with Wilbur, insuring that he will have friends in the future. Wilbur welcomes them to the farm and tells the baby spiders about their mother and her legacy.    Along with the main characters, there's a cast of additional farm animals that help move the story along. It's good read for kids, and I've reread it as an adult. I liked it just as much then as the first time I read it. So will you.
B000URDEB0|2.0|Having bought all of the previous Nightwish albums, I was excited when I heard the news of this new album.  But those news were overshadowed with the news that Tarja was leaving the band.  So I thought that maybe with a new lead singer it would be something more exciting. Boy, was I wrong.  I'm not exactly sure how to describe this new album, to me it's too mainstream.  Annette's voice doesn't exactly fit the music, she's more of a pop singer.  Tarja will definetly be missed and I'm sure a lot of fans are sharing the same feelings.  The verdict, listen to the demos before you decide to buy. My recommendation is save your money and instead get Epica's The Divine Conspiracy.
B000000XCH|4.0|Great CD for CCR fans and those who may not know them. Classic Rock n Roll.   Delivery was fast!!!
B000LRY9PY|5.0|I heard Corinne Bailey Rae singing \\"Put your records on\\" while I was eating lunch in my truck at work last week. I waited to the end of the song hoping they would say who the singer was. When they said her name I wrote it down to see about looking up her music. That afternoon I bought her new (Dlx-2CDs) set. The sound is great and not since Carol King in the early 70's have I heard any women be able to sing with the talent put forth by this Lady.  While reading the footnotes I learned that she does all her own backup singing. The mix of the voices is the best I ever heard in my 53 years. I asked my oldest daughter who is into music as much as me if she ever heard of Corinne and she said no - after I lend her my CD I know she wil apperciate her \\"Great\\" sound also. I'm not a fan of most modern music as my roots are really in Western Swing, Classic Country, Bluegrass and Southern Gospel but when I hear someone who can fabricate her own music and sing at this level she surly needs to be recongnized by the music lovers of this world !!!                  \\"Enjoy\\"  Joe Kopeck / Parkville MD
B00000DUE7|5.0|Test of a little meeting. When Antionio Vivaldi 1741 died in Vienna, he left a stately spiritual work. A large part of these compositions which were not sighted yet or still not authorized for the publication to this day was sighted only approx. 90 years ago in which one knows, the Vivaldi still had set many further spiritual works to music. The spiritual work contains a variety of compositions to Latin Messlyrics, Psalmlyrics, hymns, motets and the received Juditha Triumphanes. Robert King succeeds in an extremely colorful, vigorous and nevertheless deeply hearty religious account of the known works Vivaldis with this Complete Sacred  Music . Conductor, choir, orchestra and soloists have taken the excellent sacrale music of the great master almost 13 hour music to the sounds on 11 CDs here, altogether. An absolute one must for every enthusiast of good music. Uwe from herford in westph. germany
B000UFAURI|5.0|You know what to expect from a Foo Fighters album: catchy riffs, belted out choruses, and some acoustic guitar here and there.  Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace has all that and a little more.    1. The Pretender 10/10:  This song was amazing the first time I heard it, but subsequent listens made me realize there really isn't more to it than I heard on the first listen.  It's still a really great rock song, very radio friendly.  2. Let It Die 9/10:  Following in the steps of \\"February Stars\\" and other Foo Fighters songs that start soft and end screaming, this song would be perfect if the lyrics weren't so repetitive.  3. Erase/Replace 6/10:  I didn't like this one the first time I heard it.  The verses aren't bad, but the chorus really doesn't work.  It is starting to grow on me a bit though.  4. Long Road to Ruin 7/10:  These days, subtle war songs work better than obvious ones, and this song works; I suppose.  5. Come Alive 8/10:  The \\"Come Alive\\" constantly in the background toward the end help to ruin the potential this song had to be one of the Foo Fighters' best.  The demo version on \\"The Pretender\\" single isn't as good as this album version, just in case you were planning on buying \\"The Pretender\\" single.  6. Stranger Things Have Happened 9/10:  Gee, you think Dave likes to smoke?  Though rather mellow, it's a very catchy song.  7. Cheer Up Boys (Your Make Up Is Running) 8/10:  Makeup is one word.  While we're at it, there should be a comma after \\"Patience\\" in the album's title, and no comma after \\"But\\" in \\"But, Honestly.\\"  8. Summer's End 9/10:  The classic rock influence is very obvious here.  The lyrics have the same meaninglessness as the Foo Fighters' first album, but it's still an enjoyable song.  9. The Ballad of the Beaconsfield Miners 2/10:  An acoustic instrumental, yeah... that's why you buy a Foo Fighters album.  10. Statues 5/10:  It's an okay song, but it's just not my thing.  11. But, Honestly 6/10:  It's an okay song, but it's nothing special.  12. Home 3/10:  This one is way too artsy.  Much like \\"Friend of a Friend\\" from the last album, it attempts to impose a greatness that it really doesn't have.    In general, this album has two weak points:  * Some of the songs just aren't very captivating, namely the last four  * Just about all of the songs are rather repetitive, but that's nothing new  It's still a really good album, and it's rather versatile, but it's not really a legitimate candidate for the Foo Fighters' best.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Lets face it folks. Bruce Springsteen's last efforts haven't been very good.  Let's start back in the late 80's, with Tunnel of Love. Lame. Human Touch and Lucky Town. Boring. The Ghost of Tom Joad was a record with an acoustic guitar and a mumbling man. Devils and Dust wasn't all that impressive either, but THIS. THIS is magical.    Springsteen hasn't sounded this good since 1984/5. Every cut is solid, and will have you wondering why he ever decided to split with the E Street Band.  It will leave you satisfied. Buy it, now.
B000P2A256|4.0|This was a great album. During the first few tracks, it seemed like they were breaking away from their old stuff, from their 10x-platinum album, Songs About Jane. Their first single from It Won't Be Soon Before Long, \\"Makes Me Wonder\\", was in my opinion, wildly popular. Every time I turned on the radio, that's what would be playing. When I first heard the song, it was extremely catchy and infectious (don't you hate those?). The entire album was more upbeat than Songs About Jane, but the material matter was a little less cheery. But overall, the album was very good. The execution and the vocals were top-notch. The only thing that stopped me from giving this a five-star was, it kind of lacked a certain something. I can't quite explain what it is, really. Perhaps, the complete lack of ballads? They're definately more edgier with their music, but they shouldn't forget about what shot them to superstardom in the first album...slow songs.
B000003TAB|4.0|I enjoyed most of the songs from Incesticide. Been A Son, Big Long Now, and Aneurysm are my favorites from this record. Not a big fan of Hairspray Queen though, but it's definetely different. The covers of Molly's Lips and Son of A Gun are pretty good as well. Oh, and how could I forget Sliver? Kurt Cobain had the ability to make a song that had so few lyrics sound meaningful.
B000QUEQBI|4.0|i bought it for a friend so i did not get any feed back yet
B000IU3XTW|5.0|I love foo fighters!!! The actual song \\"Skin and Bones\\" rocks!!! Also \\"Best of You,\\" dave just sreams the whole thing, just him and his acoustic. Sweeeet!!!
B00006LLLN|5.0|I first heard about AKUS about 4 years ago, when I watched their videos \\"new favorite\\" and \\"the lucky one\\" on CMT. Well, they intrigued me but I was not by any means a fan of blue grass. I'm just your average 22 year old, I like pop and R&B and such.    I picked up their live album at a Borders store. It took me a while to get used to this style of music, but, let me tell you, they have become my most favored country band and Alison Krauss my most favored country singer, EVER!      I had the pleasure of watching Alison Krauss and Union Station perform live just a few months ago when they came to New Mexico. Their live performance is amazing. Alison has true talent. She sounds just as great live as in the recording studio, heck, she may even sound better! How many artists today can claim that?    Alison Krauss has the most beautiful voice I think I have ever, EVER heard. Her fiddling skills are equally amazing.  This live album blew me away! I've never heard ANY band that sounds so great live. This album is a nice compilation of their hit songs and if you are new to their music, its a good way to become familiar with the band. This album is simply a must have!
B000V8I2QU|2.0|Folks, just one day into the release, and I see a LOT of negative comments about the sound of this album.  I agree completely.  The audio is severely over processed, extraordinarily shrill in the upper mids, making it PAINFUL to listen to at high volumes.  I don't think we can point the finger at Bob Ludwig who's mastered a zillion of these, but someone on the production side needs some assistance with their hearing aid !    This album NEEDS TO BE REMIXED !    BTW, the music is GREAT !, and when they fix the audio mix it'll be a great record.  Amazing to me that such an important artist with an important album release could be treated so shabbily.  Columbia Records should be ashamed of themselves.
B000002MTU|5.0|This has got to be the best all around Blues cd I own it has an excellent mix of Blues music. MR.CLAPTON is bar none one of the Best ever Guitar player's there is. He can perform anything with the highest degree of excellence. I truly believe when he was born he came out of the womb with a Stratocaster in his hands. If you love the BLUES you must have this one.
B00012FXB8|4.0|Most of the comments on amazon.com about the extended \\"Alien 3\\" praise it over the first version.  The reviewers emphasize that the film studio screwed up by interfering with the director's vision.  However, they make no mention of Carrie Henn's comments.  (Carrie Henn played Newt in the 2nd film.)  Henn, years later, told \\"People Magazine\\" that there was no way to explain why her character was 7 years older and that she was done with acting by then.      Since I love the film, of course, I didn't mind seeing more of it.  However, the extended version adds a bunch of religiosity that I thought wasn't needed.  I thought the character Golic was annoying, so I didn't mind seeing less of him in the first cut.  Unlike Paul Reiser's character in the second film who is punished for helping the alien, one never sees Golic's being punished.  The scenes where we learn of Newt's death and Ripley's are anti-climactic as well.     I am an African-American male concerned about media images of Black men.  bell hooks, an African-American feminist scholar, once asked a class of college students to name positive African-American male characters in film.  The only one the college students could list was the main character in \\"Brother from Another Planet.\\"  If I were posed that question, I'd immediately say Charles Dutton's character in \\"Alien 3.\\"  He was humble, though a leader.  He was selfless.  He protected Ripley from sexual abuse.  He didn't stray from his moral convictions.  However, in the extended version, he stated that he could not care less if the alien moves beyond the prison planet.  In that version, he cares about the other prisoners, but no one else.  The extended version tarnishes the image of this outstanding character.  Because it makes Dutton's character less positive, I'm not particularly pressed to honor the director's cut.
B000E994KE|4.0|I had heard of Finland's Amorphis for years, and had often heard them described as one of the originators of melodic death metal, as well as being a band who likes to experiment with folk, '70s-style progressive elements, and other \\"non-metal\\" stylistic devices. I also had read quite a few reviews indicating that they were all over the map depeding on which album you listened to, which is fairly common for bands who like to experiment with their sound...<br /><br />After listening to some samples of this incredible album, I had to pick it up on amazon, and I highly recommend this release to any fan of either metal or prog-rock; so well does this Finnish band straddle the line between the two without sounding contrived. Using both melodic vocals as well as a \\"gruff\\" death-metal style, sophisticated arrangements incorporating folk and world music and the progressive tendencies of such bands as Pink Floyd or Porcupine Tree, as well as modern metal and rock, this album is absorbing and addictive from start to finish. Lyrically, they also manage to be quite poetic and interesting. I'm off to pick up the new release from this band and explore their back catalog....highly recommended!
B000ULQV0W|5.0|This is an amazing original piece that captures the mood of the film and story.  But, itunes has the album availible for $9.99 with 4 bonus tracks included.  I bought both.
B000BNX3B4|3.0|Charming characters, adorable fluffy dogs, chatty dialog, heartwarming interludes, strings plucking a happy little tune in the background...Movies like this make me cringe.  I picked up Must Love Dogs thinking \\"chick flicks can't all be bad.\\"  After all, this one has John Cusack and Diane Lane.<br /><br />So-called \\"date\\" movies or chickflicks are unsettling not just for the cutesy content.  They perpetuate the destructive myth that Sir Gallahad is out there somewhere, perhaps on an online dating site, waiting to swoop into your life and make everything peachy.<br /><br />Sir Gallahad must have the \\"unique constellation of attributes\\" to transform a woman's life.  Sensitive but not weak, handsome but not a pretty boy, strong but not domineering,  kind and considerate buy not wimpy.  He must be have the drive and determination to be successful but not so much that it hinders his unstinting support of his woman's myriad interests, which will be covered daily in cheery discussions (happy strings plucking).  He can't be brainy (too distant, lost in thought), but he must have a \\"fine mind.\\"  He needs to have a good but not Chippendalish body.  Etc. Etc. Etc.<br /><br />Must Love Dogs opens with her big lovable movie family gathered around Sarah Nolan (Lane), who has been divorced for eight months.  The family is trying to convince her to get back in the swing of dating.  They give her pictures of prospective Sir Gallahads.  Already my finger is moving toward the stop button on the DVD player.  I remind myself not to be closed-minded.  I'll see this through.<br /><br />This should be a time of blissful freedom for a middle-aged woman whose marriage ends because her husband inexplicably stops loving her.  A character as charming and good-looking as Sarah doesn't need to be in any hurry to find men.  Lane is not believable as a divorce victim moping around and licking her wounds.  I'm not sure Cusack is comfortable in a traditional leading man role.  He plays Jake, a heartbroken builder of racing sculls.<br /><br />The early scenes establish the pervasive desperation that will be resolved by the feel-good payoff everyone knows is coming. We still have to see all the bittersweet misunderstands and missed connections that plague the budding romance right up to the glorious climax.<br /><br />We have to see just how desperate things can get on the singles scene.  Sarah's well-meaning but meddling sister enrolls her in an online dating service.  The result is a string of dates with assorted wierdos and losers. The movies are making up for all of the unflattering bimbo portrayals we have seen over the years.  Soon Sarah is cheerfully creating her own single ads with all the flair of a Cosmo art director.<br /><br />If you set out to design a movie to score high on the heart-warming scale, there must be a  \\"unique constellation\\" of lovable characters.  Well, let's see.  How about an adorable gay couple (a scrumptious hunk and a lovable schlub)?  How about a quirky older gal (Stockard Channing), an internet-addicted guru of singles advertising?  How about a venerable poetry-spouting dad (Christopher Plummer) with his own heartache to deal with.  Dermot Mulroney does a good job as the too-good-to-be-true single dad who lives at the Whispering Breeze trailer park.<br /><br />The movie builds to a joyous crescendo as we watch Sara jump in a lake. That's right, the elegant Diane Lane takes a header into water that looks laden with pond scum. At this point, many viewers may want to jump too. But Sarah isn't jumping out of desperation. She's swimming toward destiny.<br /><br />Already we have seen the seeds of the relationship's potential undoing.  God forbid Sarah ever finds out that Jake went to a topless bar.  Sir Gallahad doesn't do topless bars.ulls.    The early scenes establish the pervasive desperation that will be resolved by the feel-good payoff everyone knows is coming. We still have to see all the bittersweet misunderstands and missed connections that plague the budding romance right up to the glorious climax.    We have to see just how desperate things can get on the singles scene.  Sarah's well-meaning but meddling sister enrolls her in an online dating service.  The result is a string of dates with assorted wierdos and losers. The movies are making up for all of the unflattering bimbo portrayals we have seen over the years.  Soon Sarah is cheerfully creating her own single ads with all the flair of a Cosmo art director.    If you set out to design a movie to score high on the heart-warming scale, there must be a  \\"unique constellation\\" of lovable characters.  Well, let's see.  How about an adorable gay couple (a scrumptious hunk and a lovable schlub)?  How about a quirky older gal (Stockard Channing), an internet-addicted guru of singles advertising?  How about a venerable poetry-spouting dad (Christopher Plummer) with his own heartache to deal with.  Dermot Mulroney does a good job as the too-good-to-be-true single dad who lives at the Whispering Breeze trailer park.    The movie builds to a joyous crescendo as we watch Sara jump in a lake. That's right, the elegant Diane Lane takes a header into water that looks laden with pond scum. At this point, many viewers may want to jump too. But Sarah isn't jumping out of desperation. She's swimming toward destiny.    Already we have seen the seeds of the relationship's potential undoing.  God forbid Sarah ever finds out that Jake went to a topless bar.  Sir Gallahad doesn't do topless bars.
B000P2A256|5.0|This CD is fantastic! Some CDs take warming up to, and need to be listened through a few times before they can be fully appreciated. This CD had me hooked the first time I listened to it. It seems like their first album came  out forever ago, but this CD makes up for the long wait. Every single track on this album is excellent and if you haven't heard it yet you need to stop reading this review and buy it already. You won't regret it!
6305781427|3.0|When I first saw this performance on PBS in '93, I was blown away by the sheer majesty of the music. Yanni's music had always bored me to death, but this live performance packs such a wallop to his music like never heard in the studio. Adding in the Royal Philharmonic gives much more stamina to his music. And you know his core band members are so into this that they put so much more energy into the performances that just couldn't be captured in the studio.    I bought this on VHS right away and played it until the VCR was smoking and eventually blew up! Later on DVDs hit the medium and as I saw and heard the visual and sonic potential of these little CD-like discs from earlier releases like the DTS enhanced Eagles \\"When Hell Freezes Over\\", I knew this concert video would be a prime candidate for a major DVD concert release.    Sadly, this release ended up being the most disappointing DVD I ever bought. The 5.1 mix is absolutely horrendous. Instead of utilizing the 64 track digital audio master tapes, they simply used the 2 track video soundtrack and artificially created some sort of surround mix that's completely out of balance. The rear channels seem to only come out of one side, so you're not getting a true multi-channel mix. The only way to reasonably listen to this is in the 2 channel PCM mode. Still sounds good, but the potential was completely wasted.    From what I've understood from Yanni's website, was he had no control over the production of this DVD. We can only pray that a complete re-master will eventually be done with his supervision. What a waste!
B00006L3S3|4.0|Again this album is good, not great. A lot of nice jams on it. He could have accomplished so much more if he wasn't shot in 1980.
B00005CDNF|4.0|Many critics date Abba's ascent to super pop stardom from 1976's \\"Arrival,\\" but all the ingredients were already there on this album, which surpasses \\"Arrival\\" in variety.  Lyrically, there are some silly album tracks (as there were on all the early albums), but \\"Hey, Hey Helen\\" and \\"Tropical Loveland\\" show some real range, delving into rock and reggae.  I give this four stars because I feel that Abba's last three studio albums--\\"Voulez-vous,\\" \\"Supertrouper,\\" and \\"Arrival\\" really are their most complete achievements, but \\"Abba\\" is a great classic pop album.
B000AYQLX6|4.0|Could have been five stars but why in the world is the cover changed? The cover isn't bad but you don't change album covers. Thats like changing a painting. I don't get Yoko Ono.
B000UCEJEQ|3.0|I know this won't be a popular review, but I find this album largely disappointing.  Annie Lennox has been the voice behind a lot of great pop music over the last 30 years, so she has a big reputation to live up to--both as the voice of Eurythmics and solo.  \\"Diva\\" and \\"Bare\\" are both superior albums to this one.  There are some highlights here--\\"Dark Road,\\" \\"Sing,\\" \\"Love is Blind,\\" \\"Coloured Bedspread.\\"  She is strongest on the uptempo tracks.  It isn't that I don't like ballads--\\"Bare\\" was full of beautiful ones, but it is on slower numbers that her voice is showing it's age.  She simply has trouble holding her pitch in softer voice--\\"Fingernail Moon\\" is a case in point.  Some will think that adds character to the music--I do not.    Annie Lennox's commitment to activism is admirable--pop musicians speaking out does make a difference.  I just wish she would take a more activist stance in her lyrics.  She falls back mostly on old familiar themes of the devastation of love and personal grief--which she used to marvelous effect on \\"Bare.\\"  I would just like to have heard more of a new direction from her.    On the whole, enjoyable, but we all know that she is capable of more.
0897500482|5.0|OPEN YOUR MIND, be a better person.    Yes we have to pay for education.    If you can read Chinese, go to page 40 and 41, the secrets and rules of  DIM Mak from Wing Chun Shaolin, Tai Chi, and Praying Mantis schools are revealed.  My sifu never taught me these rules.  Thanks to Bruce Lee, who went to many schools to learn their secrets,  is sharing these knowledge with us.
B000RZIGVS|3.0|There are several important inadequacies you should know about this set before you buy:    1) The discs are in cheap, brittle trays -- easily subject to breakage -- rather than in well-built cases.    2) These trays are not labeled, and amazingly, there is no insert describing -- or even listing -- the episodes, or which discs they are on. Episode titles are printed on the disc labels, but that's all the info you get, so after spending $300, a buyer has to flip through the 49 discs like file cards, to find the episode s/he wants.    3) The discs are stuck into three unweildy clumps -- of either eight or nine trays, each -- that are held together by inexpensive adhesive tape. This tape seems likely to decay, and the result will be 26 individual, unlabled trays scattered around your living room. (Most trays have two discs).    4) The tray configuration leaves some discs uncovered, unless the whole awkward mess is stored together...a problem which will get worse when the trays inevitably separate.    The lone advantage is the bonus disc. Most of the features on the disc appear to have been meant for, and for some reason never made it onto, the original releases of seasons 4 - 7. That doesn't mean they're not worth watching; some of them are quite good. Of the three new features, the best offers interviews with several of the series' writers and producers. (However, it only tangentally deals with its supposed subject -- introduced by John DeLancie -- about Star Trek's cultural impact.) Less successful is the roundtable of visual effects wizards; it has interesting moments, but it did not explain enough for a layman, nor did it go into enough detail for an expert. The Will Wheaton-hosted \\"Legacy\\" looks at how Star Trek ideas have shown up at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, but it's pretty vapid (not Wheaton's fault).     To be honest, I'm torn. I'm glad to have the bonus disc (the features on Q and Lwaxana were touching) but part of me wishes I'd purchased the previouslyreleased conglomeration of individual seasons, \\"Star Trek The Next Generation - The Complete Seasons 1-7\\". The price of that set has decreased to compete with this new, and somewhat inconsiderate, release...and the packaging of the old set is far easier to deal with.
B000EOUSJU|5.0|Song by song for my money, this is a superior album to \\"Mott\\". It may not have the more guitar heavy tracks associated with some of MTH's Mick Ralphs era, but the songwriting is top-notch.  In fact, were it not for the \\"Mott\\" tracks Drivin Sister, and I'm a Cadillac/ El camino Doloroso, it's essentially a very similar album.     It's not that this record is generally disliked, but it lives in the shadow of it's predocessor, not to mention that albums' predocessor, All the Young Dudes.  It just seems unfair when you consider all of the unsung brilliance on this album. Anyone who knows Mott will tell you Golden Age of Rock n' Roll is right up there with All the Way from Memphis, and Marionette is considered by Ian Hunter (not to mention myself) to be the greatest thing Mott ever recorded. Then of coarse there's the Mott classic Roll Away the Stone, always great (though the albums legacy may have faired better were the track presented earlier in the sequence letting Through the Looking Glass end the record.    But aside from the more well known tracks on the album, there are two particular songs that really bring the whole piece together. The first is Alice, a very upbeat signature Ian Hunter pop gem complete with a quirky verse, two pre-choruses, and a very solid chorus.      The other is my favorite MTH song next to Whizz Kid and Marionette- Pearl and Roy (england). An incredible energy that reminds me of a great rowdy band playing in a pub (mostly because of the rowdy pub crowd noises at the beginning of the song.) Amazing guitar work you'd almost not even notice if you weren't listening, awesome piano riff, and a perfectly singable chorus.     Everything else here is perfect as it needs to be, the weakest track being Trudi's song, however indisposable.  The bonus tracks on the import are excellent and very essentiall if you don't already have them on another MTH or Ian Hunter set. Especially the Single a-sides Foxy, Foxy,  and the Mick Ronson on guitar shouldabeenaclassic Saturday Gigs.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This documentary is amazing and looks fantastic running from my PS3 (which by the way is the best AND cheapest blu-ray player on the market).  If you own a blu-ray player w/ hdtv, this is a great way to show it off.  Also the documentary itself is just great.  Cheapest price I have seen also, good buy.
B000EGEVZK|5.0|It's indeed a shame that this will never happen again. We'll never see these guys take the stage, never hear Dee Dee count in that first tune. We won't get slammed by the sheer volume and power of it all. We won't get to hear Joey's between-song banter and think, \\"didn't he say exactly the same thing before this song the last time they were here?\\"     But even with three Ramones gone for good, THE RAMONES live on, larger and more famous than they were in life, their tunes in a million movies and TV ads, their T-shirts now worn by, well, pretty much everybody. Which brings us to this big, reasonably priced 2-DVD set of Ramones live footage from damn near the very beginning of their career to damn near the very end. Over the course of about four hours (!!!), we see the band's evolution from scrappy up and comers at CBGB to consummate pros filling a stadium somewhere in South America. But take heart: whether they were playing to 60,000 people in 1996 or a few dozen in 1974, these guys - save for the early stage screwups - BARELY CHANGED AT ALL. In other words, they got it right early on and knew better than to ruin a good thing.       The sheer volume of material makes this set a solid winner, but it's those little moments and details that diehard fans will love most. The chance to see Johnny play a guitar other than his white or blue Mosrite. Getting to hear/see such seldom-performed-live classics as \\"Needles & Pins,\\" \\"Don't Come Close\\" and \\"I Want You Around.\\" Watching the evolution of Dee Dee's hair. The cornerstone of the whole thing, though, is the multi-song segment of the band's performance in London on New Year's Eve, 1977 - the concert during which the 2-LP \\"It's Alive\\" was recorded. Thirty years after the fact, we get the visuals to go along with one of the greatest live albums ever recorded, and they represent the Ramones at perhaps their very peak. Footage of dozens of other concerts and TV appearances varies in quality, but there's a treasure trove of goodstuff to be found.     And as for the lower-quality footage? That shot-on-video, black & white stuff with the crappy sound? Hey, it's still the Ramones! Which, of course, makes it cooler than pretty much anything else out there right now.
B0000C9JCM|2.0|I walked down the aisle to the Canon years ago, such a masterful and beautiful piece.  Most of these versions just don't do justice. Sorry.
B000EHRVP6|1.0|Just a warning - bad acting, terrible pacing, dreadful script. This is a train wreck of a movie. The incompetence shown by the entire cast, crew, and producers is the only truly horrifying thing here. And there really should be consequences to contributing such a pile of dung to existence. By the time you understand why everything is happening, there is little chance you care. Yes, there are some gory parts, but it is scary? NO! Something has to be believable to be scary.
0446698326|4.0|#1 I read reviews to see if people with similar taste in reading liked or disliked a book. I read the reviews of Dear John and realized that about every third review gives away an important plot detail. Kind of like people telling you parts of a movie before you see it. Please don't ruin the experience for others.    #2 Nicholas Sparks is an amazing author. He is the king of romance, however he is not a soldier.  He does not know the military, and while I praise him for the dedication of the book, his lack of knowledge is painfully obvious to the 3 military guys who read his books. It isn't that bad, and if you aren't in the Army or haven't been to Iraq, his descriptions are just fine. Above all, the story is incredible. It's a heart wrenching, tear-inducing, smile provoking, unconditional love type romance that he is famous for and does so well. It does leave you wanting a part two. The end is bittersweet and you don't know weather to be happy, sad, or both.
B000NA2776|5.0|It's always very exciting when you buy a CD hoping it'll be good, but you really have no idea whether it will be or not. It was not only as good as i had hoped but even better than that! Very few modern artists know the art of making a good album, but he does, and you won't be disapointed
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|SONGS OF MASS DESTRUCTION finds Annie Lennox in the best form of her solo career! Gone is the outdated, somber synth-laden production from Stephen Lipson [Lipson produced '92's DIVA; '95's MEDUSA and '03's BARE]. Instead and wisely Lennox decided to work with producer Glen Ballard [most famous for Alanis Morissette's \\"Jagged Little Pill\\"] and the results are stunning! Sure, this is a genre-jumping collection but it still feels consistent & coherent.   The first single \\"Dark Road\\" opens the album; this somber, slow burner jumps into hook-laden, high-gear for the bridge and the results are nothing less than spectacular. Will \\"Dark Road\\" prove \\"too dark\\" for radio? Probably. Other highlights include: the Bluesy-Rock infused \\"Love is Blind\\"; swampy-Zydeco riffs take \\"Ghosts in My Machine\\" to unexpected places; a funky feminist Rap [provided by Nadirah X.] gives \\"Womankind\\" the perfect 21st century feel [so sorely missing on BARE]; \\"Coloured Bedspread\\" is sexy, seductive Electronica; \\"Sing\\" gathers Annie's so-called \\"Choir of 23\\" to deliver a powerful message on HIV/AIDS without sacrificing a sing-a-long melody and \\"Big Sky\\" addresses Annie's planet...finding it dark, deeply troubled but still holding-out a glimmer of hope. The most familiar, i.e. classic Annie tracks are: \\"Smithereens\\"; \\"Through the Glass Darkly\\"; \\"Lost\\" and \\"Fingernail Moon\\"...all uniformly well-written & performed but without any real surprises.  SONGS OF MASS DESTRUCTION is such a fresh, exciting sound...one almost feels as if she/he is hearing Annie Lennox for the very first time!
0060723513|1.0|Please, if you read this book (and I recommend that you DO NOT) consider it complete fantasy. Yes, it has been labled as \\"fiction\\", but the author claims it is based on her actual experience. Google her name, or the book title, and read the controversy surrounding this book.    Aside from the controversy, it is poorly written, and the author's racist language is offensive. Don't buy it, and don't read it.
B000SFZ05C|5.0|And with a vengeance, if I may say so myself! Of course, this record is not going to change the world or sell a gazillion copies (the record industry as we know it is dying a sweet, slow death...), but it should make most long time `Cult fans happy, and maybe convert a few new ones. Indeed, \\"Born into this\\" is The Cult's first record since 2001's \\"Beyond Good and Evil\\", which itself was at the time a strong, heavy comeback record after a similar hiatus. And while it has been a long time in the making, I firmly believe that the wait has been well worth it. Apparently the band, and Ian Astbury specifically, wasn't fully satisfied with the end result of their last record, produced by long time collaborator Bob Rock (who manned the mixing desk for Sonic Temple and The Cult, in addition to his work with countless other rockers such as Metallica, Bon Jovi, Skid Row, Motley Crue, etc),feeling that it was \\"overproduced\\". In order to fix that, the band brought in producer Martin \\"Youth\\" Glover (The Verve, INXS, Erasure, Depeche Mode, Killing Joke, etc), who has more of a background working with modern rock and alternative acts than hard rock. The end result: 10 songs in 41 minutes, featuring some of the most vibrant compositions ever in a `Cult album. The album sounds organic, raw and powerful, yet not so heavy as to be overwhelming. Brilliant!<br /><br />As you can probably infer from the aforementioned running time, most songs are short and to the point, averaging 4 minutes or so with a couple of longer ones. The title song opens the record with a bold, aggressive bass riff, later complemented with Billy Duffy's multi-layered guitars and a sound that while sophisticated and modern, is very organic. Ian Astbury's voice is in fine shape, sounding just like he did 20 years ago on \\"Electric\\". It is a great opening number, which perfectly sets the tone for the rest of the album: a sophisticated, elaborate production balanced with simplistic, fresh songwriting and bare bones, meat and potatoes playing from the band, which is rounded out this time by bassist Chris Wise (Ozzy Osbourne) and drummer John Tempesta (Testament, White Zombie, etc).<br /><br />This last fact is a refreshing one as far as I'm concerned: historically, The Cult's supporting musicians haven't been given much room to spread their wings and shine, perpetually overshadowed by the \\"dynamic duo\\".  This, however, is not the case here: the bass is right there in the front of the mix (which was a BIG surprise for me...), present and full, and the drums, while not as loud, certainly display a higher degree of technicality than usual, built to fit the song and not just to fill in the blanks.<br /><br />\\"Citizens\\" is next, and the song features a great vocal performance by Ian and a sound that is somewhat reminiscent of \\"Sonic Temple\\", only more modern and slightly less polished, again with the bass prominently featured in the final mix. \\"Diamonds\\" features a slight influence of industrial/dance/techno music that the band has been exploring since the 90's on songs such as \\"The Witch\\", \\"In the Clouds\\" and \\"Star\\", which unbelievably as it might seem, fits the song perfectly. The songs rocks, but it's rhythmic enough to dance along to if you wish to do so.<br /><br />\\"Dirty Little Rock Star\\" takes us back to trademark `Cult songwriting territory, only featuring again that slight industrial/dance/techno influence, especially in the sound of the drums. But the song is mostly carried through by a simple yet powerful bass line coupled with Billy's guitars and Ian's terrific vocals and tongue in cheek lyrics, a little reminiscent of \\"Undercover in the night\\" by the Stones as far as the sound is concerned.<br /><br />\\"Holy Mountain\\" immediately sets itself apart from the rest the songs with its minimalistic acoustic guitar and simple melody, which is later overdubbed with guitars and keyboards accentuate the song without getting in the way of its beautiful simplicity.<br /><br />\\"I Assassin\\" picks up the pace again with a strong guitar riff from Billy, and features a start-stop structure that adds some dramatic sense to it. Ian's vocals sound great here too, featuring a fresh sense of melody that also shows throughout the rest of the songs, possibly an influence of his stint fronting The Doors spin-off Riders on the Storm.<br />\\"Illuminated' opens with an intro guitar riff that is a bit reminiscent of The Who's \\"Substitute\\", but it quickly mutates into a fast paced, uplifting song with great melody and insightful lyrics.<br /><br />\\"Tiger in the Sun\\" is a powerful, midtempo song that features a prominent intro bass riff and a simple yet catchy chorus. Once again, the composition is simple, but the arrangement makes the song sound very modern, with multiple guitar tracks that support the main structure and provide a little ear candy. Add to that great lyrics and vocals, and you come up with a great tune.\\"Savages\\" features a somewhat strange intro, but it quickly shifts gear to become a fast and rocking tune. The band drops the pace again mid song for a short coda, before resuming with its original, full throttle rhythm.<br /><br />Closer \\"Sound of Destruction\\" is fast and short, angry and aggressive, a bit of a throwback to the attitude of songs such as \\"Fire Woman\\" or \\"Sun King\\", a great song to finish a great, satisfying comeback album by a wonderful band.<br /><br />The Cult have managed to make a record that while true to their essence, sounds and feels totally relevant in 2007. Let's not forget that these are the guys who sounded like AC/DC in \\"Electric\\", like Zeppelin meets The Doors in \\"Sonic Temple\\" and everything in between before and after that. These guys have made a career out of constantly evolving, if not plainly changing! But if you listen closely, you'll realize that it is the production, the presentation, the \\"packaging\\" if you will, that has changed the most over the years, while the true essence of the band has remained mostly intact. So if you are a die hard, this is a must for you. And if you're on the lookout for some music with a fresh, 2007 attitude, this is a fine place to find that as well. Just a quick note: there's a \\"Special Edition\\" of this album which includes a bonus 5-song CD, so you might wanna pick that one up instead (recommended for diehards). If not, don't waste any more time and order this now!g guitar riff from Billy, and features a start-stop structure that adds some dramatic sense to it. Ian's vocals sound great here too, featuring a fresh sense of melody that also shows throughout the rest of the songs, possibly an influence of his stint fronting The Doors spin-off Riders on the Storm.    \\"Illuminated' opens with an intro guitar riff that is a bit reminiscent of The Who's \\"Substitute\\", but it quickly mutates into a fast paced, uplifting song with great melody and insightful lyrics.    \\"Tiger in the Sun\\" is a powerful, midtempo song that features a prominent intro bass riff and a simple yet catchy chorus. Once again, the composition is simple, but the arrangement makes the song sound very modern, with multiple guitar tracks that support the main structure and provide a little ear candy. Add to that great lyrics and vocals, and you come up with a great tune.\\"Savages\\" features a somewhat strange intro, but it quickly shifts gear to become a fast and rocking tune. The band drops the pace again mid song for a short coda, before resuming with its original, full throttle rhythm.      Closer \\"Sound of Destruction\\" is fast and short, angry and aggressive, a bit of a throwback to the attitude of songs such as \\"Fire Woman\\" or \\"Sun King\\", a great song to finish a great, satisfying comeback album by a wonderful band.    The Cult have managed to make a record that while true to their essence, sounds and feels totally relevant in 2007. Let's not forget that these are the guys who sounded like AC/DC in \\"Electric\\", like Zeppelin meets The Doors in \\"Sonic Temple\\" and everything in between before and after that. These guys have made a career out of constantly evolving, if not plainly changing! But if you listen closely, you'll realize that it is the production, the presentation, the \\"packaging\\" if you will, that has changed the most over the years, while the true essence of the band has remained mostly intact. So if you are a die hard, this is a must for you. And if you're on the lookout for some music with a fresh, 2007 attitude, this is a fine place to find that as well. Just a quick note: there's a \\"Special Edition\\" of this album which includes a bonus 5-song CD, so you might wanna pick that one up instead (recommended for diehards). If not, don't waste any more time and order this now!
B000GIXEIG|2.0|Parts of the movie were fine.  The Scenery was great and even the low tech monsters worked.  The acting was fair to good.  I could even get by the mixture of accents and contemporary slang.    What killed the movie for me was the ridiculous and misplaced modern liberal hand wringing by the Polley character.    The modern sentiments seemed completely out of place in 6th century Nordic Culture.  A shame.
B000H0MKGK|4.0|I'm not a hardcore John Mayer fan, but I really enjoyed this CD. Its mellow but not the kind to put you to sleep. I find it particularly great to put on while I'm doing work. Mayer has the right voice for that.
B000U618C8|5.0|Great album from Jose; the subject matter is a refreshing change and his voice is as haunting as ever.  This one is in much heavier rotation that Veneer, which I enjoyed but wasn't blown away by.  In any case, also check out the Dert remix album called 'In My Nature', which is a tight remix album of In My Nature that adds some hip-hop percussion and edge; the resulting are amazing.  Don't sleep on Jose!
B00005MP58|4.0|This is my all time fave movie.  I have a very old VHS copy.  I thought replacing it with a DVD would be nice.  Especially with DVD quality.  However, the picture quality is not what I would expect from a DVD.    I like the new version also done very well, in comparison the older longer one goes into much more detail and some of the characters are just perfect for the part.  A&E has some very well done movies.
B000058983|5.0|Love's Forever Changes is one of those albums that wasn't popular at all back when it was first released, but over time people began to realize that the album contains everything great about the late 60's rock scene.  It features beautiful and lush vocal melodies, great experimental instrumentation, and just an overall wonderful friendly atmosphere.      \\"Alone Again Or\\" is one major exception.  It's my favorite song on the album because it features a really haunting fast-paced little vocal melody with an evil, negative feeling attached to it.  It's just a really disturbing song compared to the rest of the album.      \\"You Set the Scene\\" is memorable for me personally because when I was a child I used to go around creating melodies pretending to be a rock star, and the kind of vocal melodies I was interested in were very similar to the vocal melody found on the second half of this rather lengthy track.  I didn't realize it as a child, but this tune was my biggest influence then, haha.      Anyway, this is a great album for people who enjoy music found on late 60's rock albums.  It's so melodic, and easily accessible for just about anyone.  This includes EVERY single song.  I love it.
B000PKG6TE|5.0|If you want music that'll put hair on your chest, look no further than Queens of the Stone Age. This is their dirtiest record to day and by that I mean that the distortion is cranked even higher than normal. There is seriously not one track on this album that is remotely weak. Think of this as the equivalent of a double left hook to the body courtesy of Homme and company. So it's trendy to go kind of 80's? So EMO is the new fad? The day Queens gives a damn will be the day they put out a crap record. Until then, add yet another solid album to an already impressive lineup.<br /><br />Highlight tracks include the groovy trio of \\"turnin' on the screw\\", \\"make it wit chu\\" and \\"suture up your future\\" and the head bangers \\"Sick, sick, sick\\", \\"Run, pig run\\", and \\"3'ws and 7's\\" though the entire album reeks with rock goodness.
B000C3H4MC|1.0|My $1500 Denon Universal (ie, SACD, DVD-A, etc) DVD player cannot even recognize the Advanced Resolution (5.1 and Stereo) programs. As Advanced Resolution is the reason I bought the remaster, I am very disappointed. Why Rhino has released these classic Talking Heads records in such a non-standardized format is extremely puzzling. Please Rhino - re-release The THeads Brick as properly formatted SACD. These are such classics - they deserve much better treatment. Until then, I hope Amazon will accept this 'unrecognizable' DualDisc for return.
B00006LLNV|5.0|If you liked the movie and enjoyed the music in it, then you will love this cd.  I loved it.
0812550706|5.0|If you never were the science fiction type this is a great one to get your feet wet. Enders game isn't too far out and doesn't make you feel too nerdy reading it. There are times where you really feel respect for ender the genius child who thinks more like a man. Well written and hard to put down.
B000UNYK76|5.0|If you're a Pearl Jam fan, you need this DVD, period. If you're a casual Pearl Jam fan, you can see this DVD with fresh eyes and take in one extremely interesting take on one of the five best live bands in the last 40 years. This is an in depth look into my favorite band yes, but it also delivers some extremely memorable vignettes and performances that will more than satisfy the viewer. At first glance I thought the DVD was kind of short  since most Pearl Jam concerts don't go below 25 or 26 songs or 2 and a half hours of play. That being said, you need to know that this is a hybrid documentary, in depth look, concert film shot with great dedication, talent and love. If you've ever wanted to see a top view of the band during its performance, you're going to get it. if you've ever wanted to see how they determine a set list, you will see it and if you've ever wanted to watch a DVD dripping with energy and passion, this is your ticket to ride.     The bonus extras are also quite a delicious nugget if you're a PJ fan having three things most fans look for. An Eddie solo. A collaboration with the opening band, in this case My Morning Jacket in an ultra solid version of a Who Classic, and one of their epic closers for good measure.    Some people have mentioned different high lights for this DVD and I'm no different because when you're a fan of this band, it's a personal love you feel for certain songs. Mine were Alive, Porch, Come Back and Blood. I'd never seen Blood live before and seeing it on this DVD made my blood tingle since Eddie shreds his vocal chords most AC/DC like.     From the vignettes I especially enjoyed Jeff's sessions and Boom Gaspar's clip. Lastly, the editing though a bit frantic works EXTREMELY well and you get to see all members showcase their talents and much to my delight, Jeff Ament's licks look as solid as ever since I think he's way underrated as a bassist and this DVD shows why he's a great one.     In reality I could go on and on, but you'dbe better to just buy this DVD. Trust me, if you like Pearl Jam... scratch that... if you like rock and roll, you should definitely include this DVD in your collection.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|I would have to say this is one of Springsteen's best albums.  I would definitely put it right up there with BORN TO RUN, DARKNESS ON THE EDGE OF TOWN and BORN IN THE U.S.A.  You may not agree with Springsteen's politics, but the man can make one heck of a CD.  I enjoy hearing all of the songs, but my favorites are GYPSY BIKER, RADIO NOWHERE, and MAGIC.  Not that Springsteen cares, but the Grammys better give him the Best Album, Best Record, etc. awards this year.  Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band have never sounded better.
0897500482|5.0|Nice reading about Bruce Lee's philosophy in fighting methods and life in general.
0441172717|5.0|Dune is a masterpiece in itself, not even looking at the sequels you still get introduced into a very rich and detailed world. The book starts a bit slow but by the end your thirsty for more, luckily there is. Hard to compare to anything else, for its in a league of its own.
0891419195|5.0|This book was a pleasure to read. Not that I find pleasure in the horrors of war, I do not, but this book is so well written. I gets into the real nitty-gritties of every day life at war fighting a fearsome enemy. This book was the first book to ever give me a real glimpse of the totality of war on the foot soldier. There are many great books on WW2 out there, this definetly has to be one of the best!  GET THIS BOOK RIGHT NOW!!! you wont regret it.
B000LAZDQA|5.0|This movie is awesome.  I wish that more movies like this would be available.  Some people call this movie 'porn', but it's one of those explicit movies that actually have a meaning, kinda like 'caligula' or 'in the realm of the senses'.  I loved it.
B00005JLPK|5.0|I really love this movie since I am a big Frida fan.  It is a well put together chronicle of her life.  I think even if you're not a fan you will enjoy.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|This album could be bought for the title track alone, but the others are good too. Paschendale is another great one. They're stylistically similar to the old Maiden songs based on classical literary works, but entirely original.    The only thing bad about this album is the cover art. It is truly terrible. If you can't tell from Amazon's pictures, its mostly a computer generated image which appears to have been rendered the day after such a feat was possible. Luckily, that doesn't affect the album at all.
B000R5N1MC|5.0|The words \\"Ultimate Edition\\" are thrown around a lot with DVDs these days. But this one finally looks to live up to, and even exceed, the word \\"Ultimate\\".    Fans of Blade Runner have been in for a rough treatment over the years. For a time getting a genuine copy of Blade Runner on DVD was a rarity because there were so few in print. The movie was not the darling of the film world when it first come out, so being a fan of Blade Runner back then was like being in a small dedicated cult. Which is exactly the best way to describe Blade Runner, the biggest cult classic of all time.    We were also tempted with rumours of the famous \\"master copy\\", the copy of Blade Runner that had no alterations to it, nothing cut out and no voice overs added in. The want, no the NEED for this master copy was tremendous with us fans, not least of all because there has been so much said about which version is best, talks about how Ridley Scott was forced to do a screen freindly version, how Harrison Ford was forced to do a voice over at the last minute (which is he allegedly did half arsed in the hope that it would be unusable and wouldn't make the cut) and we were even given a \\"directors cut\\" which not even the director was happy with. But here it is in this ultimate collectors edition, all copies of the movie AND the master cut in HD DVD. It really doesn't get any better than this.    Well it does actually. You get all the extras that Blade Runner dvds had been missing all these years, you get it all in a Voight-Kampff style suitcase (Voight-Kampff being the famous android test from the films), you get the famous spinner toy car (the flying car that was even referenced in the Star Wars movies, look it up on imdb), you get a cheeky reference to the famous endings I was talking about with the unicorn figurine. You even get one of those movie frames that people keep putting on their book cases, you know like the star wars film frames some people have. It's all here and it's all coming soon, and it is all worth 70 measly bucks after a 25 year wait. For hardcore Blade Runner/sci fi fans I couldn't recommend this enough. For movie fans there is the same set on HD DVD, but you don't get the physical extras like the figurines or the suitcase, but it is half the price of the suitcase edition.    25 years in the making this collectors edition was, and it looks like we are finally being rewarded for our enthusiasm for this film. And what an outstanding reward it is =D
B00009W0U4|3.0|Well, I was disturbed.  I did have to watch this movie twice to fully understand, i watched it like it plays for the first time through, then I programmed the chapters backwards in my DVD player to watch it 'in reverse'.  I skipped the rape scene 2nd time around b/c I cried the first time.  I just don't know what to say about this movie, except that I don't really think it is exploitation, but it is horrifying and it is something that happens everyday to innocent people.  This is an important movie for that fact alone.  The scene of revenge really makes me angry because thst guy was not the rapist, the rapist was standing next to the guy who got his head bashed in.  Explicit sex, yes, some places have brief glimpses of sex, but thank God the rape scene was just simulated.  If you have ever experienced the horror of rape, do not watch this film.
0761145613|4.0|I absolutely love this thing.  I can see the whole month in once glance for everyone in the family.  I added magnets to the back and hung it on the side of my fridge, so everyone can see what is due the next day, week, etc.  The phone list is awesome too, especially when a sitter comes.  My only problem.... we'll probably have another kid and that will put us over the number of available spots.  Perhaps an option for more columns??  I love it, love it.
B000A6T262|5.0|When I first noticed this title in the shops, my first reaction was \\"Thats too expensive\\" but then I realised that it was the price for ten films all included in the one set. The films in this set each have their own individual story and are only linked by the setting and characters. Each film has awesome special effects for the year they were made and as an avid fan of all the Star Trek shows, each film unravels a lot of character traits, delves a lot into the personal sides of the crew and along with great storylines makes for great viewing.  The only bad point that I could find is now they have announced a new Star Trek film so the boxset will need to be added to which means a new boxset out in a year or two time, I'll have to stick with this one and order the new one seperate. May Star Trek live long and prosper.  Just also on a note... if you require shipping within 7 days DO NOT use the free shipping, pay the extra few bucks and have it shipped 3-5 day. Otherwise if you have nearly 2 weeks to wait fine use the freebie while you can.
1594489505|5.0|I decided to read this book because I read \\"The Kite Runner\\" which I liked a lot.  I saw that Khaled Hosseini had written another book which was on the Bestseller's list so I got it.  I loved it from the very first page to the last word.  It was one of the best books I've ever read and was extremely powerful.  Everybody needs to read this!
0060885378|5.0|I've read this book over and over. Just thinking about it gives me such a warm fuzzy feeling. All of the \\"Little House\\" books have had such a huge impact on my life. Thank you, Laura!
B000001ELB|5.0|I bought this album about 5 years ago, loved it, sold it, and bought it again this week. do not ask me why, I missed it so much, and this time I am keeping it. I wish it had few more my personal favorite songs like \\"I stole your love\\" \\"Parasite\\" \\"creature of the night\\" and just few more, only few more~!
B000PMGS8G|4.0|The special effects, not the best, the acting, could use a little work, but the soundtrack is great! This is a great movie and I recommend it to anyone who loves the camp films.
0345910907|2.0|Ms. Tuchman, who was generally a first rate author and whose works I usually find absorbing, must have been strapped for subject matter for a new work when she wrote this tome as I found it incredibly boring and contrived, partially because, imbued with the modern prejudice born of the Renaissance and Enlightenment, I find this era uninspiring, if not culturally backward, and because of the tedious way she focused on one particular relatively obscure individual from a minor principality.<br /><br />Moreover, Tuchman's theme that somehow this era is uniquely a distant reflection or cousin of our own more than any other isn't one that leaps to my mind at all.  Rather, I would think if any era comes close to holding that distinction, of having a similar zeitgeist, it would be the \\"modern\\" era of Late Republican Rome, emerging victorious from global like conflict against its imperial rival Carthage (whose final defeat was effectuated though a major act of genocide) and ruled over by a Senate and abused by usurping dictators with a similar culture of political gangsterism to that that emerged in the last century.  Isn't it telling, for example, that 20th Century fascism adopted the stiff armed salute of the Roman Army  and that the term dictator, reflecting a constitutional office under the Roman Republic, has truly come into its own infamous notoriety in our own time.<br /><br />For a more easily readable and enlightening book on medieval history, culture and mythology I suggest Thomas B. Costain's \\"The Magnificent Century\\" about the previous century to the one addressed by Ms. Tuchman with such labored tedium.
B00004YRQA|5.0|Why go with the cheap after market brands when you can go with quality from Sony? Works very well with all my games. A little pricey but worth it.
B000JJRIP2|5.0|I checked all my favorite songs from the band, and looked for greatest hit albums they have put out, and none of them contained ALL of my favorites until I came across this one. Now, I have their early 70's albums and Alive, Alive II, so I was not sure if I wanted to purchase this one. I am glad I did. Because it has all in one that I can simply take it to anywhere and enjoy without having have to carry bunch of CD's. Sounds are great, and ALL my favorites songs are HERE. I think KISS were known for LIVE band anyway, and this is a very powerful very typical KISS album. SO glad I bought it!
B000W4KT6E|1.0|I really liked this film for the first 30 minutes or so until it turned preaching and demeaning. I hate it when hollyweird gets all preachy and moralistic and some of the songs I found quite sickening and, to be frank, racist. Whilst I understand that during that time the place was rife with racism, the songs were offensive to anyone of another race than the one's singing. Queen Latifah was so pretentious it made me feel ill to my stomach.<br /><br />Of course, I have not seen the original or the musical so I'm sure the movie was just staying true to those but if I'd know beforehand I wouldn't have bothered with this.<br /><br />John Travolta was pretty pathetic in this, it's so sad to watch his demise over the last few years after Pulp Fiction revised his career, and Amanda Bynes's role was a thankless and embarressing one. Christopher Walken needs to fire his manager cause this eccentric role he always get's stuck with is really boring and not indicative of his enormous talent.<br /><br />I ended up walking out quite disgusted 40 minutes before the end and really didn't care enough about the story or characters to stick around and see how this dreck ended.<br /><br />Save your dollars people. This movie's a stinker.<br /><br />For all you plebs who will vote this \\"not helpful\\" you are just whingers, I'm allowed to express my opinion you know and by voting \\"not helpful\\" you are really just wasting your finger pressing time.
B000BGH22W|5.0|Harry Potter & goblet the of Fire is a very good film .  But it's PG-13 It's  I got the two disc set.  I love all games & interviews on disc two.  If your Harry Potter fan like me it's a must have!!
0671015206|4.0|Making a million dollars a year is much different than being worth a million dollars. You may make a million, but if you spend it all your net worth is zero. When looking for millionaires to research, the authors initially looked at the fanciest and highest priced neighborhoods. What they found out was that there weren't many millionaires there at all. This book shows you that those who are actually worth millions do not have the newest cars, the latest gadgets or the biggest houses. They live modestly but have little or no debt. Its amazing to see people everyday falling into the traps this book outlines. Those that are wealthy know they are wealthy and do not need flashy cars and material things to prove it to the world. They don't buy cars, they buy property or other investments which make them more money. While others are borrowing money to maintain their million dollar lifestyle, the true millionaires are sitting back collecting money from their investments.
B00005JPFH|3.0|I suppose if any franchise goes on long enough it loses steam. Whether is it the actors portraying the heroes or the writers running out of ideas, inevitably thr third chapter in comic book sagas is always the weakest. First of all there are too mnay stories goign on here. Sandman is a waste of time. Venom is a miscast Topher Grace. The black suit idee was fun but too over the top with Tobeys dancing and goth looks. Dont get me wrong Mr Mcguire is still after three films fun to watch and he gives it his all, but the film tries to resolve so mnay issues that it becomes a mess and fallas apart. So three stars fro the acting and effects and Tobey and James Franco. But sadly to many cooks in the kitchen ruined what is am entertaining film
B0000024IE|4.0|Wow! Even though Public Enemy was a gateway drug to gangsta rap. this album now seems almost quaint:    Nobody in the United States fears such a thang anymore.  The brothers are being edged into political irrelevancy by Dems who take them for granted and Republicans who bypass them, BOTH parties pandering and doing cartwheels for the blacks' replacement minority votes from Hispanics.    Like the good Doctor Funkenstein said, \\"We have come to refunkatize the planet.\\"  That is exactly what the black community needs, is to refunkatize their neighborhoods, their schools, their places of business.  A new black renaissance.  In the spirit of FUBU.    Because if history teaches us anythang, the white man isn't going to do it.      White man is only going to do the minimal amount necessary to buy you off.  This is not a slur against whites, just an understanding of human nature.    The black man has done more than just about anybody else to build this nation.  Isn't it time that the black man return pride to his people -- they have so much to be proud for.    Don't let James Brown's death be the death of what he dreamed for.
B000URDEB0|5.0|Dark Passion Play sounds really good with their new vocalist Anette. I know many people were used to hearing Tarja's operatic style vocals, but people changed and move on. Its really impressive how Tuomas was able to still write good songs with the new voice for Nightwish. I hope to expect hearing more from them.
B000R7I3LY|4.0|Different type of music from an artist who should be getting more airplay. I'm glad I bought it.
B000AADYRQ|5.0|I am a fairly new fan of this band, but I love this album! The lyrics to some of the songs on this album are just spot on. Case in point, \\"What Sarah Said\\", is an upbeat moving song about dealing with death. Yes, it sounds miserable, but having lost someone close to me recently, this song felt true to the heart. \\"Summer Skin\\" is like the indy version of the cult summer classic \\"Boys of Summer\\" by Don Henley. The beauty of the music on this album is that the words expressed and the music behind it seems very true, not contrived, like you find in so many albums these days.This album is very different from the witty lyricism displayed in the \\"Transatlanticism\\" album; however, there are still traces of this on the song \\"Crooked Teeth.\\" I highly recommend this album for anyone who is wondering where quality music went in today's generic musical climate.
0345494997|3.0|I read the previous reviews and when I read it myself I wondered if it was the same book. Reminded me of a soap opera novella. Not what I expected at all. In fact the heroine really began to get on my nerves after awhile. Read the non fiction account of the affair and murder. Much more interesting.
031286504X|4.0|I think the most difficult thing about writing is the ending. It can turn a great book into a so-so book and vice versa.  Many books fall short of this, but not this one.  The incredible ending makes this a very worthy story.<br /><br />I will not waste my time on the other short stories... they do not measure up to I am Legend.  Luckily, this story took most of the pages.
B000V8I2QU|1.0|It's hard to get thru many of these tracks once, let alone a second time.  What little talent Bruce had is long gone. This CD should have come with free ear plugs and a BC powder.
B00000DCHD|5.0|If you search for tenderness<br />It isn't hard to find<br />You can have the love you need to live<br />But if you look for truthfulness<br />You might just as well be blind<br />It always seems to be so hard to give<br /><br />Honesty is such a lonely word<br />Everyone is so untrue<br />Honesty is hardly ever heard<br />And mostly what I need from you<br /><br />I can always find someone<br />To say they sympathize<br />If I wear my heart out on my sleeve<br />But I don't want some pretty face<br />To tell me pretty lies<br />All I want is someone to believe<br /><br />Honesty is such a lonely word<br />Everyone is so untrue<br />Honesty is hardly ever heard<br />And mostly what I need from you<br /><br />Billy Joel takes tunes and turns them into masterpieces on his album 52nd Street. Other Billy Joel fans will have their favorite albums; but for me this one and Piano Man are tops!<br /><br />The CD track set begins with \\"Big Shot;\\" this number starts off with some great guitar as the drums and the percussion mark the beat. Billy sings perfectly of a woman who \\"went over the line\\" the night before when she was out on the town. \\"Honesty,\\" my favorite song on this album, features Billy singing with great sensitivity as he plays piano. Billy sings of how rare it is to find a lover who will love him for who he is rather than just pretending to love him and playing games. Awesome tune! Moreover, \\"My Life\\" has a great keyboard arrangement and Billy sings this without a superfluous note!<br /><br />\\"Zanzibar\\" features Billy again singing at his best; he sings about a young man searching for romantic time alone with a woman he likes. \\"Zanzibar\\" is a terrific jazzy number with good guitar. \\"Stiletto\\" begins with a great horn solo; and Billy plays his piano to perfection. Billy sings this song about a man who stays with his woman even though she treats him poorly.<br /><br />\\"Half A Mile Away\\" has a funky 1970s pop flavor to it that's very catchy; and Billy sings of taking some time for just himself. Love that piano, drums and percussion! The title track, \\"52nd Street,\\" is a short piece about a man having a good affair with his woman; the drums and percussion enhance the natural beauty of this ballad.<br /><br />There are some videos on this remastered CD; and the liner notes give you the songs credits, too.<br /><br />Billy Joel's 52nd Street remains a great album even today; this is timeless, ageless music that just couldn't ever be tossed aside. Hopefully Billy Joel will continue to entertain us for many years to come.<br /><br />Great job, Billy!ece about a man having a good affair with his woman; the drums and percussion enhance the natural beauty of this ballad.    There are some videos on this remastered CD; and the liner notes give you the songs credits, too.    Billy Joel's 52nd Street remains a great album even today; this is timeless, ageless music that just couldn't ever be tossed aside. Hopefully Billy Joel will continue to entertain us for many years to come.    Great job, Billy!
0374105235|5.0|I think this is a wonderful book, so moving and beautifully written that you wonder how a person can manage to lead a \\"normal\\" life after experiencing what he has been through. The author tells the story matter-of-factly without whining or complaining about the hand he's been dealt. Because of this, it makes the story even more impressive.    Not just a good read, a book that enlightens is a must-read.
0440241413|3.0|\\"Confessions of a Shopaholic\\" is a funny, mindless book about Rebecca Bloomwood, a rather silly girl who works for a finance magazine in London and spends about five times as much money as she makes. Becky just can't say no to piles of magazines, heaps of designer clothes, and dozens of frothy cappuccinos. It doesn't take long for Becky to run up some pretty huge debts, but instead of dealing with her financial problems head-on, she opts to use the avoidance tactic by telling creditors that her dog died, tossing her monthly statements into the trash bin, etc. Eventually Becky decides to cut back on her spending, but somehow her \\"responsible financial plan\\" ends up costing her even more money. Unfortunately for Becky, she can't hide from her problems forever, and eventually the unhappy creditors literally drive her into hiding. But of course, books like these almost always have happy endings, and things miraculously come together for Becky in the end.<br /><br />I enjoyed reading this book: it's light, humorous, and fun. Becky's crazy rationalizations are pretty hilarious, but after a while I got a bit tired of how completely dense she could be about everything. It was also very obvious how the book would end pretty much from the start. Still, Becky made me laugh, and her outlandish situations and slightly over-the-top love interests were quite entertaining. Overall, if you're looking for fluffy chick lit, this book is definitely up your alley, but it really doesn't amount to much more than that.
B00000IQW5|5.0|I purchased this on the advice of a dear man and have to say that I really enjoyed it.  Nothing deeply intellectual but a great movie for a rainy day and a box of kleenex.
0810993139|5.0|I am like the other parents who have sons who are not that crazy about reading. He got this book and read it in two and half days. Also he is very excited about the next book. I just want to say this is a great book.
B000SFZ05C|5.0|The Cult have returned in 2007 with their best effort since Sonic Temple.  The band sounds great and the production is very cool and raw. Ian Astbury, Billy Duffy and co. retain the trademark Cult sound on this effort without sounding dated at all.  If you have ever been a fan of The Cult do yourself a huge favor and pick this one up.
B0000Y92N2|5.0|This is a very good performance of very great music -- my personal choice for the greatest music ever written -- so I can't give it less than five stars. Musically, there are better, more polished performances on CD, but this was a live performance in a splendid setting, and it's exciting to watch the instrumentalists, particularly the violinists and cornettists in their historically fierce competition for leadership of the orchestra. The singers are just a little less perfect. Ideally, this music requires three very agile tenors with very well-matched technique and timbre. That ideal is not achieved, though all three tenors are more than competent. The choir is the least inspiring component of this performance, lacking the bright white intensity of voices that specialize in early polyphony.<br />I've just recently become a fan of concert music in DVD format. It focuses the mind behind the ear and precludes any disrespectful multi-tasking of the sort we've all become guilty of.<br /><br />Nota bene: The conductor of this performance is NOT John eliot Gardiner, as declared by amazon. It's Diego Fasolis. There is another DVD of the Vespers, with Gardiner conducting.
B00005JPFH|4.0|i think what made this movie not as good as the first two was that Danny Elfman didn't do the score. this one just lacked the excitement that Elfman brought to the first two. some parts of this movie was just painfull to listen to because of the music. i think that Elfman made themes that really brought out the emotion of the scene. this score seemed like a bunch of junk just thrown together. this movie would have been a lot better if Raimi had stuck with Elfman to add his flare to the film.  also, there was no continuation of the line or plot of \\"with great power, comes great responsiblity\\" and i think that is what made the first two different then any other superhero movie. it had a very real aspects that went along with the great action that all three of these movies had. this plot was just all over the place. i also think that there was a lot of cheesy parts in this movie, like Harry's butler telling him the story of his father. there was also a lot of bad acting in this movie. the theater that i was in started laughing when peter started crying on the bridge. there were a lot of good parts to make up for the bad parts however and that is why i give it 4 stars.
B000SQJ27I|2.0|OK-so when I saw a new album from Manu Chao-I wanted to see what he had been up to.  I was sorely dissapointed to find that not much has changed.  His style is the same and I guess I am not as much of a fan as I was in the past.  You might as well buy the older, classic stuff
B000MNP2KI|5.0|Everytime I think of Slacking off and not going to the GYM, Ill just watch a few minutes of Daniel Craig for motivation. This movie is the way ALL of the Bond films should have been made !
B000002JPA|5.0|If you are a fan of Dream Theater, you already know that this is the greatest CD ever.  If you have never heard of Dream Theater, then this is the CD that you need to start with!<br />I remember the first time I heard Pull Me Under back in 1992 while I was driving home from work... I was like, \\"Who is this???\\".  I then spent days trying to find the CD in the stores.  I listened to this CD about 5 times the first night I bought it - and I was hooked!<br />I've purchased every CD that Dream Theater has created since Images and Words, and seen them live as well.<br />You MUST own this CD.  :)
B000RZIGZ4|5.0|Watching this movie in HD was the ultimate experience. The picture quality was outstanding.. wasn't expecting it for such an old movie. Its a must have if you are TOP GUN fan.
B000V8I2QU|4.0|Well, got this CD yesterday and went to the concert in HARTFORD, CT last night. Listened to the CD on the way to the show...to me, it sounds like a BRUCE MONTAGE over the decades. The songs are classic Bruce/E-Street Band and for that I'm thankful (the Seeger Sessions were painful...)When he played the \\"new\\" songs at the show...most people sat...It's Ok but it's not DARKNESS....
B000062TU1|1.0|I have not been able to view the entire movie...There is something wrong with the DVD. It will only play up to chapter 9 and then it stops. I have tried cleaning the machine and DVD and tried playing it in another DVD player and it still does not work>>>I would like to know how the DVD can be replaced by Amazon with one that does work.  Sincerely,  Lsalmon.
B000B8QEYC|2.0|As usual, the composition of the pieces on this CD were done beautifully, but I was disappointed.  I like everything I've heard by Enya thus far, but I hadn't listened to this CD before buying it.  I found the music to be a real downer and depressing...the kind of music you put on if you need a good cry.  I had hoped it would be uplifting like the rest of her CD's.  Enya is very talented and everything she does is outstanding including this CD, it just wasn't the type of music I had wanted.
B000OLGCI4|5.0|This is just the greatest fun Disney movie, with the best ever song in 'Bare Necessities', the hysterical monkeys and more humor aimed at adults than you ever realise as a child.    Essential viewing for all young and old kids!
1416914285|1.0|I think the problem with this book is that it's like looking at every movie or tv show about teens and the supernatural for the last twenty some odd years. It's loaded with cliches and wise cracks, and if it seems like you've read or seen a story like this before, you probably have.<br /><br />Teen vampire stories tend to be fairly similar anyway - you can't call the monsters vampires or werewolves unless they follow certain conventions, but this book wasn't even interesting. It's dull. You'll figure out the story long before the characters do, and by the time they catch a clue, you'll be tearing your eyes out from the purply prose.<br /><br />But I would have tossed it two or three stars just because I do like teens battling demons.... except that it was so poorly edited. Characters described completely different, subplots that went nowhere... Either the publisher didn't care or the author... but someone sure didn't.<br /><br />Skip it unless you can buy it cheap.
B000G73UEU|1.0|How could they omit this song, which was the only one on the DVD that i thought was a must have?<br /><br />And you really want Leonard. So I say get the DVD for both of those.  Overall, the covers are so un-magical (except 1,000 kisses, which was as special as when Alicia Keys covered \\"Wild Horses\\" with Adam Levine).
B000V8I2QU|3.0|The songs on this album are great as many others have said.  I give the CD only 3 stars because of its poor production and in some places awful sound quality.  Bruce should dump Brendan O'Brien and get somebody who can really bring out the fabulous dynamics of the E Street band.  What ever happened to Bob Clearmountain?   It is such a shame that this amateurish wall of sound crap ruined what truly could have been a great album.
B000PKG7TI|5.0|I'm not conmpletly a nightwish fan, bur i must say that I follow them. Naturally, as you can see and read in many web sites, this DVD contains the last ever show of Nightwish with Tarja Turunen.<br /><br />This concert had all the ingredients of an espectacular show.<br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Sencillamente el mejor show de Nightwish. Como todos sabem, el ultimo show con tarja. Excelente producci&oacute;n, sonido impecable, manejo de camaras excelente, si eres un fab de nightwish no puedes dejar pasar la oportunidad de tener este End of An Era en edicion digi con el dvd y los 2 cds.
B000002N3J|4.0|The Madonna image has often overshadowed the Madonna artist. Even she conceded the point after the controversy surrounding [[ASIN:B000002MFN Erotica]] and (to a lesser extent) [[ASIN:B000002MUW Bedtime Stories]]. So in 1995, this unadorned collection of ballads appeared, with a CD case that had no back sleeve and a spartan cover photo and inlay. This was Madonna begging to be taken on her own terms, musically. No flash, no little girls squeaking and no dance floor manipulation.<br /><br />It works. The first song that cracked the mold is here, \\"Crazy for You.\\" It was the first time the same woman who belted out dance kitsch like \\"Material Girl\\" and novel hits such as \\"Like A Virgin\\" came forth with a set of chops. It's also here with [[ASIN:B00005J6SZ Like a Virgin's]] Rose Royce remake \\"Love Don't Live Here Anymore.\\" While they did help Madonna establish that she was more then ditzy pop hits, it is interesting to hear her voice then and compare it to the richness she gained by the time another movie track, \\"This Used to be My Playground,\\" topped the charts. Casting aside the drama and distraction helped to reshape Madonna as a vocalist to reckon with; 1995 was also the year she was preparing to take on the film [[ASIN:6304806418 Evita]].<br /><br />The result for me is the one Madonna album that has outlasted all her others in my collection. While the range of tracks fluctuates greatly (the sweet and sexy \\"Rain\\" sits right next to the bitterly personal \\"Oh Father\\"), it is also the least gimmicky collection of her work. That alone makes it a worthy listen, and a CD worth getting out of the rack on occasion.
B000URDEB0|5.0|Not every Nightwish fan will fit with this new phase, but others will look at the glass half full. This record has powerful songs and great if not perfect vocals, sweet drumming and can take you places each and every one of them... in my very personal opinion it's a record worth buying and listening over and over, cause it's not your daily overrated music...
B000002O1Q|5.0|It's cool to see all of the high ratings on this movie and soundtrack. With all of the crap out there today, it means that there are people who can still appreciate some GOOD campy entertainment that doesn't include idiots.     This soundtrack is wonderful but the movie needs to be seen to appreciate it. It's not a stand alone album like some soundtracks are. Good cult movie, good cult soundtrack. Steinman ROCKS!
1582701709|5.0|I can see why some people wouldn't like this book. Rhonda Byrnes and the other contributers present the ideas so simply that its hard to swallow at first. You think it should be more complicated. But if you can get past that the ideas here are really true. Even more importantly, this is a self help book that really helps. Most books like this leave you feeling okay or hopeful after reading them but this is one you can actually test right after you read it.  I did test it and I have already seen results. I know it sounds crazy but it works. Why fight it?
B000UG4LYU|5.0|As I mentioned earlier, I was able to purchase a pre-release version of \\"The Buddha of Suburbia\\" last week and, of course, I've been listening to it everyday since then! :O)<br /><br />However, since many of the tracks here are quite complex, very emotional and so moving, I am still  not quite able to fully appreciate and comprehend ALL of this truly excellent album: \\"The Buddha of Suburbia\\" But, honestly, the more I listen to it the more I really think that this album is just absolutely impeccable in its composition, performance and overall production. All of the tracks are outstanding in one way or another within their specific style and genre. And all of the songs are sequenced together in a very cohesive manner that brings the entire work together quite well. \\"The Buddha of Suburbia\\" is, indeed, a fully consummate and flawless work as a whole.<br /><br />Also, I really feel that this is quite possibly the most genuine and sincere album ever released by David Bowie so far. There are no characters or costumes or gimmicks within this production at all. Instead, this release features a very wide, dynamic and absolutely magnificent range of musical styles that fully display Mr. Bowie's truly extensive gamut of musical production and performance, more so than any of this other albums, in my humble opinion. So in that respect, within \\"The Buddha of Suburbia\\" we get to fully appreciate more of the \\"real\\" David Bowie and really experience nearly all of his many truly unique signature styles, which make comparisons to other producers and performers impossible. Five stars. Get it NOW!!!
1586210912|5.0|This book was everything that I heard it was. Great for anyone trying to become rich!
B000V8I2QU|2.0|I did not like most of the lyrics or sound.  There were only 3 songs that I would put on my ipod and I'll probably skip them most of the time.
B000OHZL1C|5.0|Like Legends of the Fall, this film unites Brad Pitt and Anthony Hopkins, Great Chemistry! The quality of HD-DVD is almost always impeccable, unlike regular DVD's that vary considerably. I suppose it's because the manufacturers understand the expectations. Great music, great cinematography and a fun story. Even Brad Pitt's slight over-acting seems to work in this film. Well cast!
B00004Y6OA|5.0|I remember listening to this for the first time, I thought it was the best band I had ever heard.<br />My favorite will always be DAVID LEE ROTH.<br />Now that VH has reunited with ROTH, I will get to see ROTH with VAN HALEN.<br />LOSS OF CONTROL 10/10<br />Fools 10/10<br />COULD THIS BE MAGIC 10/10<br />These are my favorite songs on the album.<br />I rate this CD a 5 of 5 stars!!
B000UFAURI|4.0|I've been waiting for this CD, and it finally arrived. 4.5 out of 5 stars. You should definitely buy it or download most of the tracks.<br /><br />The first instant playback for me was \\"Let It Die.\\"  Since listening to the CD all the way through several times, I've gone back and re-played this one over and over again.  LOVE IT!  Now, I've got this song under my skin in the best of ways.  (Unlike some of the other comments, I don't even mind Dave's build up to his trademark screeching at the end.  He's entitled.)  ;)  This track is uniquely Foo.<br /><br />\\"Stranger Things Have Happened\\" instantly reminded me of a song called \\"Donkey Jaw\\" from America's debut album (sans America's vocal harmonies, and their building, electric guitar ending).  I loved, loved that raw, quirky, layered acoustic guitar arrangement and very basic percussion from America and love it even more from the updated Foos.  Unplugged, raw, pure. \\"But Honestly,\\" also has a lot of America's acoustic guitar influence.  (Not a bad thing to have.  If you don't believe me, give America (America) a listen, before the band went pop.  It's a classic.)<br /><br />\\"The Pretender\\" and \\"Erase/Replace\\" gave me instant FF gratification.<br /><br />\\"Come Alive\\" starts out sounding like a Duncan Sheik tune, but be patient.  It morphs into being 100 percent, hard edged Foo.<br /><br />The short, fast-paced, finger-flying instrumental called \\"The Ballad of the Beaconsfield Miners\\" also reminded me of another brilliant acoustic guitar performance, Lindsey Buckingham's \\"Big Love (Live).\\"  Musical talent again pours out of this one.  I'd love to see this one performed live. (Gives me chicken skin just thinking about it.)<br /><br />These were the standout tracks for me.<br /><br />Very honorable mentions:  \\"Statues\\" is simply a very cool song.  \\"Home\\" was earlier compared to a Neil Young performance.  I would agree.  Very nicely done.  The remaining tracks are rock and ballads from another time, and they are growing on me.<br /><br />Yet, I keep returning to Track 2 (and now to Track 6).to Track 6).
B0000AQS0F|4.0|Very entertaining and mind bending series which mashes up Westerns, Eastern cultures, and science fiction.     My only problem with the series was, that for all of the stuff they cribbed from Chinese culture, they had no Asian characters in it.    My only problem with the DVDs was that I wish each episode had commentary.
B000B5H6WY|5.0|Insanity is a weird thing - most people are `insane' to some degree or the other - while a minority succumb to the polarities of the disease and swing back and forth much like a pendulum. Sylvia Plath fell into the latter category, and while the positive end of her spectrum meant that she created some shockingly good work, the negative end ensured that she would meet a tragic and self-inflicted end. Her suicide I think, remains the most mechanical, yet most poetic death of all the great writers, and it's a pity that shes often remembered as `that woman poet who stuck her head in an oven' when in fact she was well spoken, eloquent woman whose command over the English language was much vaster and encompassing than yours or mine.<br /><br />\\"The Bell Jar\\", her only full length fictional prose work, is almost autobiographical in patches. The publishers make it clear that this is not Plaths' own story, but you cannot help but identify the lead character as Plath herself. The way I see it is this - Sylvia created a fictional character, but gave it her mind and thoughts, leading to one of the most fascinating fictional characters in modern prose. To me, this was the literary equivalent of a convergence of both David Lynch's masterpieces \\"Inland Empire\\" and \\"Mulholland Drive\\". The same \\"a woman in trouble, yet she doesn't know it yet\\" theme permeates the entire novel, and by the time it reaches its (somewhat obvious) conclusion, you're left wondering how Plath didn't invest more of her time in churning out full fledged prose novels.<br /><br />Simply put, this novel chronicles the descent of a womans' mind, but its so much more than that. It speaks of mental disease with a frankness that the author probably didn't quite comprehend at the time. Maybe she did, but either way, I think what she was doing her was to capture the state of her own mind frame by frame until that fateful day in real life when she so notoriously took her own life. \\"The Bell Jar\\" has its moment of adolescent wandering and naivete, which I found quite endearing considering the age of the author when she wrote this. Perhaps she wasn't mature enough to deal with life as she grew older, or maybe she was too caught up in her own web of literary wonder to crawl out of it. I think all the great poets were afflicted to some degree with this disease, and Plath is no exception.<br /><br />If you're interested in a semi-autobiographical (though the blurb won't admit it!) book by a great poet, this is the book for you. Its never boring, and is quite an easy read as Sylvia trades in her famous double entendre poetic metaphors for more easily accessible and simply written language. Short crisp sentences. Clear dialogue. And yet, the sentences get shorter, and thoughts get more fragmented as we plummet with the author into the very depths of insanity. An unforgettable, and somewhat scary experience - but as a book lover, one you should definitely experience.<br /><br />Five Stars.and naivete, which I found quite endearing considering the age of the author when she wrote this. Perhaps she wasn't mature enough to deal with life as she grew older, or maybe she was too caught up in her own web of literary wonder to crawl out of it. I think all the great poets were afflicted to some degree with this disease, and Plath is no exception.    If you're interested in a semi-autobiographical (though the blurb won't admit it!) book by a great poet, this is the book for you. Its never boring, and is quite an easy read as Sylvia trades in her famous double entendre poetic metaphors for more easily accessible and simply written language. Short crisp sentences. Clear dialogue. And yet, the sentences get shorter, and thoughts get more fragmented as we plummet with the author into the very depths of insanity. An unforgettable, and somewhat scary experience - but as a book lover, one you should definitely experience.     Five Stars.
0375846735|5.0|For anyone to stumble upon this - a 10th anniversary edition of \\"The Amber Spyglass\\" - I doubt you're intrigued by my thoughts of His Dark Materials as a whole, the characters, writing, Phillip, etc.  However.....    \\"I do think the narrative and the writing suffered greatly in the third book, where he pretty much just comes out and says what he feels about religion and the Church.\\"      To those who are reading this, do yourself a favor - do not base what you read on the writers beliefs or thoughts.  It's unfortunate that in this day and age people analyze so deeply and attempt to discourage others from reading a masterpiece because they feel threatened by the truth.      The irony in it all is that those that dig to find this message within the book - church, state, religion - are just scared because they are reading the genre of their belief: fiction.    Fantastic trilogy by a fantastic person.  Do not miss this.
0061148512|5.0|Insanity is a weird thing - most people are `insane' to some degree or the other - while a minority succumb to the polarities of the disease and swing back and forth much like a pendulum.<br /><br />Sylvia Plath fell into the latter category, and while the positive end of her spectrum meant that she created some shockingly good work, the negative end ensured that she would meet a tragic and self-inflicted end. Her suicide I think, remains the most mechanical, yet most poetic death of all the great writers, and it's a pity that shes often remembered as `that woman poet who stuck her head in an oven' when in fact she was well spoken, eloquent woman whose command over the English language was much vaster and encompassing than yours or mine.<br /><br />\\"The Bell Jar\\", her only full length fictional prose work, is almost autobiographical in patches. The publishers make it clear that this is not Plaths' own story, but you cannot help but identify the lead character as Plath herself. The way I see it is this - Sylvia created a fictional character, but gave it her mind and thoughts, leading to one of the most fascinating fictional characters in modern prose. To me, this was the literary equivalent of a convergence of both David Lynch's masterpieces \\"Inland Empire\\" and \\"Mulholland Drive\\". The same \\"a woman in trouble, yet she doesn't know it yet\\" theme permeates the entire novel, and by the time it reaches its (somewhat obvious) conclusion, you're left wondering how Plath didn't invest more of her time in churning out full fledged prose novels.<br /><br />Simply put, this novel chronicles the descent of a womans' mind, but its so much more than that. It speaks of mental disease with a frankness that the author probably didn't quite comprehend at the time. Maybe she did, but either way, I think what she was doing her was to capture the state of her own mind frame by frame until that fateful day in real life when she so notoriously took her own life. \\"The Bell Jar\\" has its moment of adolescent wandering and naivete, which I found quite endearing considering the age of the author when she wrote this. Perhaps she wasn't mature enough to deal with life as she grew older, or maybe she was too caught up in her own web of literary wonder to crawl out of it. I think all the great poets were afflicted to some degree with this disease, and Plath is no exception.<br /><br />If you're interested in a semi-autobiographical (though the blurb won't admit it!) book by a great poet, this is the book for you. Its never boring, and is quite an easy read as Sylvia trades in her famous double entendre poetic metaphors for more easily accessible and simply written language. Short crisp sentences. Clear dialogue. And yet, the sentences get shorter, and thoughts get more fragmented as we plummet with the author into the very depths of insanity. An unforgettable, and somewhat scary experience - but as a book lover, one you should definitely experience.<br /><br />Five Stars.ring and naivete, which I found quite endearing considering the age of the author when she wrote this. Perhaps she wasn't mature enough to deal with life as she grew older, or maybe she was too caught up in her own web of literary wonder to crawl out of it. I think all the great poets were afflicted to some degree with this disease, and Plath is no exception.    If you're interested in a semi-autobiographical (though the blurb won't admit it!) book by a great poet, this is the book for you. Its never boring, and is quite an easy read as Sylvia trades in her famous double entendre poetic metaphors for more easily accessible and simply written language. Short crisp sentences. Clear dialogue. And yet, the sentences get shorter, and thoughts get more fragmented as we plummet with the author into the very depths of insanity. An unforgettable, and somewhat scary experience - but as a book lover, one you should definitely experience.     Five Stars.
B000FVNX2Q|5.0|I recently lost my 12C that I had for over 15 years and replaced it with the platinum edition.  I'm in the financial industry and use it quite often.  Things that I like with the platinum for a few dollars more include:    1) A go back/return option if a number was inputed incorrectly  2) Calculations can be done the usual 12C way or algebraiclly  3) Can increase or dim contrast  4) Is quicker in calculating complex calculations  5) Nice leather case    Some of these may have been updated in the basic 12C but I know #1,#4 and #5 are definitely unique to the platinum edition.
B000RZIGZ4|5.0|O.K. time the official review. Just picked up last copy at BestBuy (sold out in a day). The 4 stars for picture is acurate. Solid HD Picture no grain, artifacting, unwanted movement except on stock footage of flight scenes (mostly at the start of film). Beautiful picture. The audio more than meets the challenge of this movie. One observation, as mentioned the DTS has some certain advantages over Dolby True HD. Well I am here to confirm, the DTS option is by FAR the best track on the disk. Much more dynamic, immersive, and just plain louder by several DBs. I found it an obvious choice, much to my dismay over the HD audio. And yes unlike alot of people, I do have it set up correctly. More than correctly. I am using King Cobra Audioquest interconnects for the 5.1 channel outs from the XA1 to my Denon 3806. I think there may be some mistake with sound. Usually it's the TrueHD that has the difference. Maybe they are mislabeled on the disk? Bottom line: Not only is this a MUST HAVE for your HDDVD collection, but a great example of what HDDVD delivers to the experience. I have a dedicated theater room. 133\\" screen and sound to match, even have real Buttkickers in the theater chairs. This movie makes my investment worth every penny. Word of caution: If you don't have a serious system, the sound will punkout your system. Listen at low levels or pony up and get something with some backbone  High current Denon, Pioneer elite, Yamaha 2700 or higher or seperates like B&K, Krell, Macintosh etc). Extreme cinematic dynamics, just like the movies, and isn't that the whole idea? Highly Recommended
B000N3T0DW|5.0|Penelope Cruz was enticing, vulnerable, coquettish and demanding all at the same time.  She was a pleasure to watch as the story evolved, and finally came full circle.  The initial feeling that we are watching some sort of ghost story, with the two sisters their mother, and a daughter, and its evolution into a murder mystery, and then a family tragedy, was done very well, and the ending wrapped up everything, and they all got what they deserved.    This was a good, a worthwhile movie.
B000TGQDZQ|2.0|Wow...I hate to be the only naysayer in the group, but....<br /><br />Production-wise, I found this album to be top-notch. The orchestrations were done very well. However, I found the majority of the songs on this album to be....well....forgettable. None of the songs really stood out to me like they did on Epica's \\"Consigned To Oblivion\\" album.<br /><br />As for Simone Simons' beautiful voice...the more I hear it, the more I become convinced that she's in the wrong band. The songwriting just doesn't utilize Ms. Simons' amazing vocals enough, in my opinion. It's almost as if the band is competing with itself. While I appreciate growly vocals as much as the next sweaty headbanger, they just turned me off on this album.<br /><br />All in all, I just did not find this album as memorable and accessible as their previous offering. I hope their next is better.
B000O77RL4|3.0|This is the first movie that I have ever seen about WWII from the Japanese point of view.  The severe discipline, crossing the line to arbitrary cruelty, was apparent in the leaders.  The humanity of the ordinary Japanese soldier was contrasted to their superiors.    Not all peoples act the same, although this movie tried to show ambivalence on the part of some American soldiers.  American cruelty in WWII was not comparable to that of any other soldiers and any attempt to show the contrary is just wrong.  Our fighters were no angels, but they did not display anything like the inhumanity shown by one patrolman on the streets of his home town, nor would our soldiers demand wholesale suicide when things take a turn south.    A good movie but it would have been better without attempts at political correctness.
0891419063|5.0|I read the old copy of this twice. Imagine my surprise when my son sent me a blown up photo of the cover and I am staring at my father aiming his weapon as I remember him when he was young! He fought at Okinawa and out of his entire battalion only he and five others came back (& wounded at that). When I was little after the War, and Daddy was drinking, he used to describe some of war's horrors to my mother and his friends when he thought I wasn't listening. He would talk about a man named Sledge who was nicknamed, \\"Sledgehammer.\\" Although my father kept his sense of humor about some of war's crazy happenings, he never recovered fully and drank when it became too much. He lost all of his buddies in battle. When Daddy died in 1981, I thought, \\"Well, he is with them, now.\\" Sledge's accounts exactly match my father's from the late 1940s.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I have first of all never read the book or seen any of the older versions of this movie.  So I'm completely un-biased as far as things previously read or seen.       Now on to my review....without going too much into depth, I would like to say that first of all the actors chosen for this movie were incredibly done!  I was in awe of how each person really fit in with the part.      Second, the quality of this film and the way it was choreographed was absolutely superb!      My husband even loved this movie which is really saying something.  I am going to purchase this the first chance I get.  What a great movie!
B000VPUIA6|2.0|I loved \\"Pleh\\" when it first came out and I have it on DVD. I watch it about once a year. This DVD set is a rip-off. You pay BIG BUCKS for some lousy cards and a \\"script\\" and a few other worthless trinkets.Whoopee.  What I want to know is: WHERE IN THE H*** IS THE \\"OFFICIAL\\" RE-ISSUE DVD set of \\"LET IT BE\\"/\\"GET BACK\\"?????!?!!??!!?   I would think that is of more value than a fancy re-issue of \\"Help\\".  The bootleg market would attest to that!!  GET IT TOGETHER,EMI/APPLE (or whomever)!!!  The two stars are for the rip-off nature of the \\"Help\\" DVD set,not for the film...the film is a 3.5 for me.
B000050XEI|5.0|Just that. Heaven Music. Really Really Good compilation form Enya. for me was the last really good compilation from her. Recommended
B00005JPQL|5.0|People keep calling Stardust an adult oriented fairytale and some are asking why since they don't address very difficult topics. My understanding is that when I heard of it I thought that it would be a preteen flick and went to it excited for the fantasy but a little wary of the plot. My older sister and I went to see it and came out really surprised, the issues they address aren't very deep but the feel of the movie was not silly and sappy. I think this is what people mean when they say that it is an \\"adult\\" fairy tale. This is one just to sit back, relax, and be prepared to laugh. Oh and I will say that I'm a hater of sappy books and movies, and this movie had a wonderful love story and it wasn't sappy. You'll know what I mean when you watch it.
B00005JPLW|5.0|Well, this is the best movie of 2007 for me. The DVD keeps the same quality of the movie that I watched in the theater. I recommend this movie really high.
B0009HLDFU|1.0|I've read all these people who're pissed bc they can't play this cd on their computers and copy them onto their ipods or whatever. I couldn't care less about copying. The music on this album for the most part sucks. Out of TWO DISCS, there are 2 good songs. The rest is boring, muddy, noise. Don't waste your time or money here.
B000J3EEBY|5.0|Love, I loved, I really love this CD.  Listen to it, if not, you will loose a chance to listen a real good music.
B000URDEB0|5.0|This may be one of the most anticipated albums of the year. Nightwish has a reputation for perpetually increasing excellence, so they had a lot to live up to. Especially considering the departure of front-woman Tarja Turunen in 2005. As fans will testify, Tarja's amazing voice has been immortalized on all of Nightwish's incredible albums thus far, and her part in the band's history will always be loved and remembered. Even so, change is the natural evolution for anything progressive, giving us something different and fresh even if we feel that we want the same thing that we've always had. Enter Anette Olzon, the Swedish singer loaded with potential. Though she will never be universally accepted, I have very high hopes for her and the talent that she can bring to Nightwish.     Back to Dark Passion Play--composer Tuomas Holopainen is a musical genius, once again proving here that he is capable of anything. This album can be considered a revolution in music, due to the impeccable writing, production quality, and spectacular orchestral arrangements. Here's a breakdown of each track:    1. The Poet and the Pendulum (25,000/10) This is the greatest piece of music ever written. It's a 14-minute long masterpiece of haunting orchestral perfection, combined with beautiful vocals and the most insane fiddle you will ever hear. My jaw drops every time I hear this epic tour de force, and I don't think I've ever rocked out so hard in my life. Nightwish had the right idea making this the opening track; it will probably become part of music legend, and I don't think it will ever be outdone.     2. Bye Bye Beautiful (9/10) The powerful farewell song to Tarja. It's a passionate, savage catharsis, sung in the style of \\"Wish I Had an Angel\\" (with Marco singing the chorus and Anette on the other verses).     3. Amaranth (10/10) The catchiest darn thing ever, and an excellent choice for the first single. Anette truly makes this energetic song her own, and it stands out as one of the album's highlights.     4. Cadence of Her Last Breath (9.5/10) A darkly beautiful song with an amazing chorus. This is another example of a song that seems to have been created for the sole purpose of having Anette sing it.     5. Master Passion Greed (9.5/10) This song is hardcore--there's no other word for it. It's just Marco singing, and the intensity is almost overwhelming. There is some profanity, but it really shouldn't bother you, because it's such an awesome song. And there's an insanely forceful outro of just the orchestra, with the angriest sounding strings you'll ever hear.     6. Eva (6/10) This is one of the only lackluster songs on the album. It's remarkably pretty, and Anette's voice is showcased very nicely, but nothing about it stands out as riveting or memorable.     7. Sahara (8.5/10) A very exotic, otherworldly song. Unusual instrumentation, a male choir, and catchy lyrics make it a decent listen, and Anette's vocalizing is pretty awesome.     8. Whoever Brings the Night (9/10) Even though I hated this one at first because of its oddities, I've grown to love it. (I think) it's a vampire-courtesan song, which is pretty cool. The opening guitar-work by Emppu is stunning and thrashing. The instumentation is exotic, sinister, and atmospheric, and Anette uses her voice in a startlingly evil way that exemplifies her versitility.     9. For the Heart I Once Had (7/10) A poppy song, easily conceivable to be on the radio. There's nothing wrong with this song; there's just nothing special about it either.     10. The Islander (10/10) In my opinion, the biggest surprise on the album. Heavily influenced by Celtic music, this song features Marco singing in the best, most Irish accent that a Finnish person could ever hope to pull off. Anette sings backup against a collection of ancient flutes and bagpipes, and the resulting effect is stunningly gorgeous. I love Celtic music, and while this song may be out of place on a symphonic metal album, I can't get enough offit.     11. Last of the Wilds (10/10) Another Celtic-styled piece, this time a beautiful instrumental flowing seamlessly from the previous track. It is rare for a voiceless song to keep my interest, but this music has me transfixed. Tuomas is truly the most versatile musician in the industry, because I see this instrumental as nothing short of miraculous.     12. 7 Days to the Wolves (9.5/10) A fun, rabidly dark song that is both spooky and energetic. Anette and Marco sure have fun singing it together, with the choir providing a haunting backdrop. Midway, look out for the amazing fiddle part.     13. Meadows of Heaven (10/10) The lyrics might be overly sweet and sentimental, but this song is exquisitely beautiful. Some slight Celtic influences are heard throughout, and the choir joins Anette in the middle for a larger-than-life climax. Near the end, the song features solos from individual choir members, so passionate and heartfelt that you will get chills. This is the perfect closer to the album.     Any diehard Nightwish fan needs this album, but it is also a good CD for getting accustomed to the band and its genre. Just keep an open mind, and appreciate it for what it is--a masterpiece.
B0000B1OE7|5.0|The best ANIME MOVIE EVER, together with VAMPIRE HUNTER D, this is the better Anime Movie ever made.
B00003CXFV|5.0|There are not a lot to say about a great movie... You can see this movie as a comedy, social interests film, law film.... everything...  And above all, starring is Julia Roberts...
B000BEZQ0Y|4.0|Perhaps this is not a classical masterpiece, but I find it to be achingly beautiful and would certainly recommend it as mood music. I don't care much for this version of Pride and Predjudice -long live Colin Firth as Darcy (BBC Version)- but, this music is lush and sweet and I feel the longing of it. To me it appropriately reflects the painful tension of the world's best love story.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I bought this for my daughter's birthday and she loves it. It comes in  a convenient case with a booklet about the series.
B000BNX3B4|3.0|I like diane lane and john cusack a lot, and the movie would have been great had I not bought it used and reached me with a several bad spots on it.  Naturally the vendor refunded me completely which was a happy surprise, but I would rather have forgone the refund to have the movie as my very own.  Fortunately I picked up a brand new copy at Walmart for $7.50
B000V8I2QU|4.0|Bruce Springsteen has made it a point of late of flaunting his musical diversity.  Which, when taken in measured doses, can be a good and sometimes inspiring thing.  However, he remains at heart a rocker first and foremost. The best moments on \\"Magic\\" come when Springsteen rips out ragged but right power cords while the incomparable E Street Band pile-drives the beat home behind him.  \\"Radio Nowhere\\" and \\"Gypsy Biker\\" are the prime cuts here, followed by the breezy longing of \\"Girls in Their Summer Clothes\\" and \\"I'll Work for Your Love\\".  Where Springsteen runs into trouble is when he tries to put his political view across, something he used to do with ease.  \\"Last to Die\\" sounds labored, while \\"Livin' in the Future\\"'s attempt to marry a jaunty rhythm to a darker theme just doesn't quite work. The exception is \\"Devil's Arcade\\" which becomes a slow burning swirl of images that stick with you long after the final, hidden \\"Terry's Song\\" has come and gone. The rest of \\"Magic\\" has it's moments where, courtesy of the E Streeter's matchless ability and Springsteen's own visceral passion, you find yourself sitting straight up with  your heart in your throat. No one else writes or sounds like him, and we are incredibly fortunate that, at 58 years of age, Springsteen can still make the boardwalk shake, rattle and roll.
B000M341QE|5.0|I am not a fan of Scorcese, but maybe we owe it all to Jack Nicholson and Vera Farmiga, also Matt Damon and diCaprio, but this movie is engrossing and keeps you on edge, it is worth seeing over several time
B00005K3OT|5.0|I love this movie. It really makes you think about how fun life can be. The downside is when you are watching it and realize you don't have any chocolate around. Make sure you have chocolate nearby if your going to watch this movie. It will be a feast for the tongue and the soul!
B000IZJZLM|4.0|I had high hopes for this follow on album even after reading some reviews that said it fell short of their premier album.  I have to agree that it isn't quite as good.  I've given it some thought trying to see why.  It isn't the performers--they're still wonderful.  I think it is the production of the album--the mixing done in the recording studio and the choices of music.  You have a piece that starts out wrapping around you in a caressing way and then all of a sudden it explodes into an operatic aria.  The arrangements of familiar tunes in a new manner is nice.  The album grows on you, but it does have a few moments when you are cruising along smoothly and hit a snag.
0930289234|5.0|\\"The Watchmen\\" is a tour de force of the graphic novel genre, showing Alan Moore at his best. Moore invents a graphic universe, with a unique cast of characters whose interesting histories and personalities add complexity and fascination to the entire book.<br /><br />The central character of the work (\\"hero\\" is too happy a term) is \\"Rorschach,\\" a psychopathic masked avenger who is tracking down whoever is killing off a cast of masked former crime fighters, who are now in middle age if now retirement. In the world of The Watchmen, \\"adventuring\\" by masked vigilantes has been made illegal. Most of the superheroes have gone along with the law, and have more-or-less happily hung up their masks, cowls and crime-fighting devices to attempt the uneasy adjustment to normal life. Moore creates a complete reality that spans generations, where now-elderly retired crime fighters have passed the baton to a younger (now middle-aged) generation. But the stirrings of adventure lie just below the surface, and it doesn't take much perturbation to bring them to the surface.<br /><br />Moore's heroes seem familiar, but they're not. Night Owl, a paunchy and bespectacled nerd, wears around in a slightly-ludicrous owl costume, complete with wings and night-vision goggles. In a bit of (I think) intentional humor, his arctic outfit is actually shaped and colored to resemble a snowy owl. Ozymandias is a wealthy acrobat, obsessed with ancient Egypt, and now spins his former glory (via toys and merchandise) into gold. Silk Specter, a leggy beauty 15 years younger than the rest, is living with Doctor Manhattan, a scientist whose 1959 turn in a radiation chamber that rendered him, naked, blue, emotionally tone-deaf, and with the godlike ability to transfer between worlds and dimensions. Not to mention that he likes to go around without clothes.<br /><br />The story starts with the gruesome death of The Comedian by persons unknown. After the cops leave, Rorschach arrives (through the broken high-rise from which the victim made his unintended exit) and the fun begins. The rest of the novel spins a story of dark personal secrets, an not-so-innocent world unaware of impending danger, and the desire to take up old passions -- all set against a world in which political powers are posturing and threatening each other with annihilation. The heroes spend a great deal of time dealing with their personal issues -- former loves, the loss of friends, parenthood and aging -- while wondering whether and how to engage in the growing turmoil around them.<br /><br />Moore's heroes are not bound by the rules of \\"good guy\\" niceness that we might expect in comic books. They curse, intimidate, attack, manipulate, act psychopathic and work outside the rules, leaving behind a high body count. It's no wonder they were outlawed by more decent people. The strip deals with quite dark issues -- warfare, murder, rape, abandonment, even free will and determinism. It is extremely violent, sexy and rough -- way too much for even the PG-13 crowd. The story is told as an interlocking and overlapping narrative, with lots of meaningful repetition, flashbacks ad  even a tragic comic-within-a-comic whose plot mirrors the novel's own. The plot is fascinating, and will keep your reading -- though much too quickly to grasp every detail. Like any good book, this one needs to be read and reread to catch the way it plays with history and characters.<br /><br />I could go on and on. \\"The Watchmen\\" is an unexpected masterpiece, taking the comic book form far from its banal origins, to tell a tale that is repellent and fascinating and extremely well-executed. It's one of the books you must read before you die.rise from which the victim made his unintended exit) and the fun begins. The rest of the novel spins a story of dark personal secrets, an not-so-innocent world unaware of impending danger, and the desire to take up old passions -- all set against a world in which political powers are posturing and threatening each other with annihilation. The heroes spend a great deal of time dealing with their personal issues -- former loves, the loss of friends, parenthood and aging -- while wondering whether and how to engage in the growing turmoil around them.<br /><br />Moore's heroes are not bound by the rules of \\"good guy\\" niceness that we might expect in comic books. They curse, intimidate, attack, manipulate, act psychopathic and work outside the rules, leaving behind a high body count. It's no wonder they were outlawed by more decent people. The strip deals with quite dark issues -- warfare, murder, rape, abandonment, even free will and determinism. It is extremely violent, sexy and rough -- way too much for even the PG-13 crowd. The story is told as an interlocking and overlapping narrative, with lots of meaningful repetition, flashbacks ad  even a tragic comic-within-a-comic whose plot mirrors the novel's own. The plot is fascinating, and will keep your reading -- though much too quickly to grasp every detail. Like any good book, this one needs to be read and reread to catch the way it plays with history and characters.<br /><br />I could go on and on. \\"The Watchmen\\" is an unexpected masterpiece, taking the comic book form far from its banal origins, to tell a tale that is repellent and fascinating and extremely well-executed. It's one of the books you must read before you die.
B000TGQDZQ|4.0|I said I wouldn't buy the Divine Conspiracy CD because the songs had too much grunting. Well, I bought it anyway and there is too much grunting and it does detract from the music but, it's still a good album. Simone's voice and Mark Jansen's writing compensate for overdoing the grunts and it certainly has the majesty we have all come to associate with Epica.  I recommend this one even for those like me who think a few grunts are more than enough.
0060763892|4.0|Rollins is at the top of his game here.  The Black Order was really lame and I was worried that this would be more of the same, but The Judas Strain is a great read.The whole story has a edge of the seat feeling.  Well worth reading !!!
B00006LJ6X|5.0|This is a classic album. It was recorded when mega groups began experimental recordings. In this case Chicago used the languaje of jazz. Almost all members of the group have a composition. There is a song with a sea sound behind (Wishing you were here) top of ranking, were the Beach Boys collaborated with the vocals.<br />It is easy to listen and also very complex. There are some songs (Mongonucleosis) with latino elements that are very common today in Latin Jazz and Salsa, but this a 1975 recording.<br />Other songs have an acousting shape, like the MTV Unplugged of our days (Byblos),<br />There is also a funky song with the Pointer Sisters collaboration (Skinny boy)<br />In the first two songs, Prelude to Aire and Aire, if you are new you can thing you are listening SANTANA.<br />Other top of ranking songs are Call on me, Happy man, and I've been searching.<br />Jazzy pieces of art are Devil's Sweet, Italian From New York, Hanky Panky and Life Saver.
B000FBGBPC|5.0|Never too late alone makes this a awsome buy. But the entire CD is jam packed full of amazing songs.Deffinately worth buying, it even has a enhanced part to it for PCs.
B000SZLSB2|5.0|I love this CD! I've waited a long time for it, and it doesn't disappoint!  Some of the songs I've heard during his last tour, so hearing them on the CD was a treat.     He continues to write heartfelt, real, emotional songs, as he's already known for. Why change, right? It works for him!     I can't wait till they release \\"Same Mistake\\" to the radio, because I picture that being his next \\"Your Beautiful\\". It's a wonderful song. As is the song \\"One Of The Brightest Stars\\", another pretty one.   \\"I Really Want You\\" is thought provoking and different from a lot of music these days, somehow. Again, a GREAT song.     I could go on and on. \\"I Can't Hear The Music\\" is another of my favorite tracks. \\"Carry You Home\\" always makes me tear up when I hear it!   If you loved \\"Your Beautiful\\" and/or \\"Goodbye My Lover\\", you'll love this CD also.   Go For It!!
B00006G8K0|5.0|DON'T MISS THIS CLASSIC. IT IS A VERY WELL MADE MOVIE. GOOD ACTING, COSTUMES, AND VERY ENTERTAINING.
B000SZLSB2|4.0|This happens to be a must-buy album for people who loves listening Soft/Alternative AC. Blunt's follow-up features of the best songs you'll hear. Blunt happens to be one of the next generation of balladeers that will change the way we listen to Office Radio. Look Out, Air Supply!
B000063Y8F|5.0|This is a fantastic gadget.  Does a great job and is incredibly easy to clean.  No need to peel the garlic clove, just put in inside and press, out comes perfectly pressed garlic, wipe it off into your recipe with a spatula or knife, and then simply open up the press and the waste falls off.  Super easy and efficient.  And, a very nice looking gadget too.
B00005N9CV|3.0|I have to say that I like Diana and think that she has better albums than this. I find her voice and arrangements to be strong and very pleasant, but (as an example) if you compare her version of the song The Look of Love to that of Paula Cole (along with Chris Botti), Dianna's interpretation really seems to pale in comparison.  Although expressive - a seeming lack of emotion makes this version seem dull.  In the end - a good album but not a must have.
B00004Z459|5.0|This album defined the soud of a generation. The combination of Nu Metal and old school Hip Hop reached new heights with Linkin Parks major label debut. This classic contains some of their best work to date and paved the way for many of the hardcore and metal bands from the current decade. LP had the power to reach many audiences, because of their effective fusion of rock & hip hop, and it's still today the point where many arguments about which genre is better end. Almost everyone likes Linkin Park and this albmum is the reason why.
B000BL39GA|4.0|no need to review the album which is my favorite from 2pac and hard to believe it was made in 7 days.    this dualdisc is great. the packaging is like a foldout little book. much better than those dumb jewel cases. i wish they would have included a little booklet with pictures or notes on the remastering but thats ok.    the two videos were great to see. i hadnt seen the hail mary one.    sound quality is great but not amazing.
B00005MAM2|1.0|Yeah... again I can't review what I DON'T HAVE!  The delivery 'estimate date' is supposed to be tomorrow (Oct. 4th) but I don't think it's gonna happen somehow! I AM NOT A HAPPY BUNNY!
0446691437|5.0|The main theme in this book is we all have a talent, a gift, a purpose. To develop our unlimited potential requires awareness of the big R, resistance.    The author opens up and in short, concise, easy to read chapters shows us what stops us. Our excuses are all exposed for what they are in an instant. This book is in your face, no hold back, tells it like it is. Sure we are a work in progress, we all have unhealed, undervalued parts of ourselves but are we going to use that as an excuse to stop developing our potential?     Creating anything requires working with the good, the bad, and the ugly while moving forward. Die trying, taking action, and you will have lived a good life.     This book got me more determined to take action. I must do verses just think about what I want. Action takes me closer to my goal.      If doubt and fear stop you from becoming who you know you really are this book will be a great kick in the behind. He nails every excuse under the sun made for not following through. Excuses have no where to hide as you turn each page. In the end you will be recharged and ready to move forward.     The War of Art feeds your energy to make life happen. Procrastinate no more.
B000URDEB0|3.0|First off, I love Nightwish. It's one of the few bands out there that can bring the true beauty of metal out in the open with the use of incredible song writting, musicianship and of course female vocals. Up until now Nightwish's clame to fame was Tarja a beautiful frontwoman with an amazing set of pipes. Belting out classics like Elvenpath, Wishmaster, End of All Hope and so on. She realized it and became a premadona and they let her go (sad but true) Now they have a brand new vocal sound through Anette think....what if Kelly Clarkson/Christina Aguilerra sang heavy metal. The new album is still the famous epic musical sound that they have carried all through their career.<br /><br />The Album itself unfortunatly has a few kinks, but that's how it is when a major change happens. Still I love Annette she has alot of potential to bring Nightwish further to the top, I feel the erorrs where on the song writting end. The first track....it's just too long. Epic tracks have to be put at the end or on a second disk via Gettysburg by Iced Earth or Stairway to Heaven via Led Zeppelin (track 4 on Zoso) Also the endings dragged on far too much, it's a problem I see especially in Finish metal. Fins, have to learn how to stop the song, their fading out never works and when the song actually stops the chorus has already dragged on for about 2-3 minutes...(this is not an exageration mind you look at Stratovarius for a great example) Also its not a great listen strait through Amaranth is a great son Dark Passion Greed is not. Cadence of Her Last Breath is great, Bye Bye Beautiful is not. The best song on this cd is without a doubt The Islander followed by the beautiful Last of the Wilds, now I finally understand why Jethro Tull won that grammy for hard rock heavey metal and not Metallica, inspire Nightwish and other bands that use the ethnic and folklike elements in their music.<br /><br />In summation, I feel that this is far from the end for Nightwish. I feel there is still much potential and I am sure once the new line up is settled their next album (hopefully) will be a huge improvment.am sure once the new line up is settled their next album (hopefully) will be a huge improvment.
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|Another amazing release from Annie. She always seems to deliver such powerful and theatrical music. She does not fit the mold of any type of music - she just is what she is. Every song on `Songs Of Mass Destruction' is raw and unabashed. Annie's voice is in prime form. Every song captivates you and draws you in both with the lyrics and her sometimes haunting vocals. Anyone who has purchased or heard any of Annie's previous efforts knows they are going to get nothing but the best and there is no exception to that rule on this latest release. There is everything included on this set from pop/rock, more rock sounding to haunting but excellent ballads.    A must have for everyone. I would give it more than 5 stars if I could. Very pleased by `Songs Of Mass Destruction'!    JAC ~~~ 07'
1594489505|5.0|This book came so much faster than I expected!  and in perfect condition, as I ordered it new from Amazon, at ten dollars less than the walmart price, with free shipping.  thank you.
0061148512|5.0|Living with bipolar disorder myself, she captures some of the nuances of depression and describes them very well. The nonchalant approach to ending one's own life, like doing the laundry or cutting the grass comes across accurately. (from experience) The emotional struggles, most who have suffered with major depression will find something deeply connecting with this book. Read and comprehend this book the way it was meant to be, you will find another world that does exist in some of us.<br /><br />I have found her writing so captivating, the descriptions, simple but effective. She saw a different world, as most of us do, but to write the way she does takes talent. This book led me to read her unabridged journals. An amazing, intelligent but damaged woman.
1405853115|5.0|My textbook came faster than I expected--I had it way ahead of many of my classmates, even though I ordered it a week after classes started.  Perfect condition, as I purchased it new from Amazon, and good deal on shipping (free).
B000SNUMC0|5.0|I have only been an Iced Earth fan when I first heard \\"The Glorious Burden\\" so my first experience was always with Tim Owens at the head.  Then I got hold of the previous albums, and finding myself overall greatly enjoying all of them.  I could easily recognize the style of Iced Earth and differentiate it from all others.<br /><br />With this recent addition, Jon Schaffer (essentially THE true member of Iced Earth) has shown that he retains the style of Iced Earth as we knew it, but has also picked up some prominent influences undoubtedly picked up from his time working with \\"Demons and Wizards\\"...<br /><br />Yes, if you hate Blind Guardian, you're likely to hate much of the songs on this album.  At least 30-40% of the songs are HEAVILY Blind Guardian influenced, with a chorus of four other vocalists backing Tim Owens, and in some cases superceding him as the lead.<br /><br />While for Blind Guardian fans, this may be phenomenally good, for someone like me, it is not...<br /><br />I consider myself a fan of Blind Guardian, but I haven't bought any of their albums for the simple fact that I believe they are not a good band.  Odd juxtaposition, but such because I find that Blind Guardian puts phenomenal effort into their music, writing amazingly soulful melodies and rhythms... but that this effort is short-lived.  And in my view, it really shows in albums like \\"A Night at the Opera\\" where only about three or four of the songs in total really feel powerful, and the rest feel like filler tracks with the same random guitar melodies and choral vocalization to make it sound good and new.<br /><br />This same process is brought to SOME (thankfully, not all) of the Blind Guardian-influenced tracks in Framing Armageddon.  Songs like \\"A Charge To Keep\\" come out weak, habituary, almost procedural in its style.  There's little excitement in such a song, which though even the chorus lines has a memorable hook, is little more than catchy, and unremarkable.<br /><br />Thankfully, because only a small percentage of the songs sound passably \\"Blind Guardian\\"-esque, this means the album is not dragged down from an epic status, which such Iced Earth classics (with a mix of the better part of Blind Guardian influence) as \\"Something Wicked Pt. 1\\" (which uses the same melody and rhthym of the song \\"Prophecy\\" in a new style) and \\"Ten Thousand Strong\\", as well as more classic Iced Earth songs like \\"Framing Armageddon\\".<br /><br />The long track-listing is due mostly to interlude tracks, which range from 2 minutes long, to less.  Not to knock Blind Guardian again, but their last attempt, from \\"Nightfall In Middle Earth\\" was a disaster for me, with great songs separated by meaningless or boring talking or sound-effect tracks no one really cared about unless they were fans of Tolkien.<br /><br />Jon Schaffer makes these interludes valuable.  Rather than making it random noises or sound effects, he makes small epics in these 1-2 minute interludes, from \\"Motivation of Man\\", a powerful track with Owens playing the role of some sort of human leader promoting human superiority to a mob, preaching \\"absolute power, unlimited knowledge, absolute control\\" and dominance of the human race over the universe, to instrumental ones which are left for emotional invocation leading to the next track, which essentially makes a song better that alone would have not been as great.<br /><br />Schaffer shows no signs of losing touch with what made Iced Earth great and beloved, if criminally underrated, and while the Blind Guardian influence is too much at first, for me, it is minimal enough to not terribly affect an otherwise glorious album.<br /><br />Standout tracks:<br /><br />Ten Thousand Strong<br />Something Wicked Pt. 1<br />When Stars Collide (Born Is He)<br />Framing Armageddon<br />Motivation Of Man<br />Execution<br />Setian Massacre<br /><br />**Potential Spoilers Follow**<br /><br />The Story:<br /><br />A concept album, Part 1's story is an inherintly compelling one for science fiction/fantasy fans.  It is amazingly done and unfolds brilliantly while leaving the two \\"sides\\" open for interpretation---without openly labeling one side as evil or good.<br /><br />The song \\"Prophecy\\" from 1998's \\"Something Wicked This Way Comes\\" all but sums up the entire story without specific names mentioned.<br /><br />The story begins in an earlier time on Earth, where the world is inhabited by a species called the Setians.  Connecting to the real world, the Setians apparently built the pyramids and hieroglyphics and such in Egypt.<br /><br />From deep space come an alien species, Humanity, out to expand their empire, and seek the Setian's homeworld.<br /><br />The early Biblical references, especially in Motivation of Man, bear striking similarity to the story of the Tower of Babel.  In the Biblical story, man wishes to reach God, and build a tower to reach him and equal him.  In \\"Motivation of Man\\", man decrees that they deserve to achieve absolute power and unlimited knowledge, and that \\"...Mankind will become one with the Architect of the Universe.\\"  This leads to an assault on the Setians (\\"Setian Massacre\\") which leaves only around 10,000 Setians alive.<br /><br />With the Setians all but extinct, the survivors flee and hide in the mouontains to the east, and the Council of 12 and the Elder summon the remaining 10,000 Setians to perform a mission 10,000 years in the making (\\"Setian Massacre\\"/\\"Ten Thousand Strong\\").  A prophecy declares that 10,000 after the Clouding of Man, a child will be born who shall be the bane of mankind, and lead the Setians to vengeance against Humanity.  These 10,000 watch silently over the years, until The Clouding occurs.<br /><br />The Clouding is a phenomenon which bears a striking resemblence to the Biblical story of the Tower of Babel, in which all of humanity suffers a memory wipe, unable to remember where they came from, their history and technology, and the Setians.  With distinct differences in languages and customs between man, they separate, herding together with those most like them, and going on to start a new life from scratch.<br /><br />From there, the 10,000 Setians disguise themselves as Humans and watch over the years as man rebuilds, and eventually develops into the Humanity we know today (from history to modern times).  They also help sow the seeds of history, to ensure that the Setians' existence is never discovered by humanity.<br /><br />The Setians also acknowledge (\\"Framing Armageddon\\") that the Humans are weak because of their differences and separations, noting that if the followers of Jesus, Mohammed, Moses, etc were to unite against the Setians, they would pose a serious threat, but thankfully they seem unable to set aside their differences.<br /><br />Another Biblical reference, to the Antichrist, is made, while the 10,000 eagerly await (\\"When Stars Collide (Born Is He)\\") the birth of their savior, and the bane of Man, Set Abominae.terpretation---without openly labeling one side as evil or good.    The song \\"Prophecy\\" from 1998's \\"Something Wicked This Way Comes\\" all but sums up the entire story without specific names mentioned.    The story begins in an earlier time on Earth, where the world is inhabited by a species called the Setians.  Connecting to the real world, the Setians apparently built the pyramids and hieroglyphics and such in Egypt.    From deep space come an alien species, Humanity, out to expand their empire, and seek the Setian's homeworld.    The early Biblical references, especially in Motivation of Man, bear striking similarity to the story of the Tower of Babel.  In the Biblical story, man wishes to reach God, and build a tower to reach him and equal him.  In \\"Motivation of Man\\", man decrees that they deserve to achieve absolute power and unlimited knowledge, and that \\"...Mankind will become one with the Architect of the Universe.\\"  This leads to an assault on the Setians (\\"Setian Massacre\\") which leaves only around 10,000 Setians alive.    With the Setians all but extinct, the survivors flee and hide in the mouontains to the east, and the Council of 12 and the Elder summon the remaining 10,000 Setians to perform a mission 10,000 years in the making (\\"Setian Massacre\\"/\\"Ten Thousand Strong\\").  A prophecy declares that 10,000 after the Clouding of Man, a child will be born who shall be the bane of mankind, and lead the Setians to vengeance against Humanity.  These 10,000 watch silently over the years, until The Clouding occurs.    The Clouding is a phenomenon which bears a striking resemblence to the Biblical story of the Tower of Babel, in which all of humanity suffers a memory wipe, unable to remember where they came from, their history and technology, and the Setians.  With distinct differences in languages and customs between man, they separate, herding together with those most like them, and going on to start a new life from scratch.    From there, the 10,000 Setians disguise themselves as Humans and watch over the years as man rebuilds, and eventually develops into the Humanity we know today (from history to modern times).  They also help sow the seeds of history, to ensure that the Setians' existence is never discovered by humanity.    The Setians also acknowledge (\\"Framing Armageddon\\") that the Humans are weak because of their differences and separations, noting that if the followers of Jesus, Mohammed, Moses, etc were to unite against the Setians, they would pose a serious threat, but thankfully they seem unable to set aside their differences.    Another Biblical reference, to the Antichrist, is made, while the 10,000 eagerly await (\\"When Stars Collide (Born Is He)\\") the birth of their savior, and the bane of Man, Set Abominae.
B00005AWMF|5.0|Music to listen to over and over again. Differnt songs for differnt moods. Yet best of all her sound is unique as it is capable of conveying deep emotions from the song writer's mind to our ears.
B000URDEB0|4.0|I don't want to say that I was disappointed with this release. The song-writing is excellent and the production is nearly perfect. Though the budget for Dark Passion Play was enormous, I can't really hear where such expense is justified. Adding choirs and orchestra to every part of every song is not going to necessarily make it better, or even more epic for that matter. The real problem for Nightwish with this release is that there is too much weight attached to it: it's the first release with a new singer, and it's the most expensive CD ever made out of Finland. Consequently, this album has been touted as this huge comeback. But Nightwish never went anywhere, and I don't think Nightwish ever needed to prove themselves. Maybe I just miss the days of the Pharaoh Sails to Orion. Nightwish has definitely moved in a new direction. Dark Passion Play sounds like it's been heavily influenced by American hard rock, and less by European power metal.    Most of this album is pretty safe, though many songs are quite a departure from the older Nightwish sound. Bye Bye Beautiful sounds remarkably similar to I Wish I Had an Angel, and The Poet and The Pendulum sounds as similar to Ghost Love Score, and most of the other songs sound like Evanescence if they played Nemo-style music (which they don't because they suck). This shouldn't be taken as a negative comment. The Nemo sound is an excellent direction to take Nightwish. But it seems to me that they've forsaken the more sinister and aggressive sound of the Siren, another interesting direction Nightwish ventured down on the last album Once. Partly because of this, and also due to Annette Olzon's more \\"pop\\" singing style, I would expect Nightwish to receive much more commercial success this time around.     Overall, this album is still solid, and Nightwish always (with the exception of Century Child) makes great albums. While I wouldn't consider Dark Passion Play their greatest, it's actually pretty good, apart from the absolutelyterrible song Meadows of Heaven, which will likely be deleted from my iPod shortly.
B000K4WPCC|4.0|I reaaly liked this movie,It is not the typical dark movie.Good story.Its like Harry Potter goes to college.Nice actors,nice effects.very nice photography.
1594489505|4.0|I enjoyed this, just not as much as I thought I would. I prefer the author's first book.     If you're a die hard fan of the author it's worth checking out. Don't get me wrong, it's pretty good, just paled in comparison to the first.    also recommended: [[ASIN:038533348X Cat's Cradle]]
B000002L9W|2.0|Great vocals from roth but very very very very cheesey songs compared to his Van Halen greatness.
B000NVL9KG|1.0|Warning!  If you have the old Victory remastering--keep it, and do not buy this new \\"remastering\\"...!  They've botched the job and it sounds worse than any of the previous releases.  I'm seriously disappointed in Shout Factory.  The distortion at the beginning of Tarkus on this alleged remaster is severe, and yet barely present in the MFSL version and the Japanese K2HD.<br />I have been an audiophile for 30 years and my current system is Krell Evolution electronics and B&W 802D speakers.
0877284520|5.0|avoid the so-called green tints! When I first opened it, I just can't stop thinking that the deck will really enhance the esoteric feel and environment while meditating upon the cards!
B000NVL9FQ|1.0|Warning!  If you have the old Victory remastering--keep it, and do not buy this new \\"remastering\\"...!  They've botched the job and it sounds worse than any of the previous releases.  I'm seriously disappointed in Shout.<br />I have been an audiophile for 30 years and my current system is Krell Evolution electronics and B&W 802D speakers.
B000UR9QIK|5.0|A great edition to my Blu-ray collection. I don't know why I debated on whether or not to make the upgrade but I'm glad I did. I compared it to the Ultimate Edition and what a difference! The picture is so much clearer, the colors pop and the PCM 5.1 audio option is a revelation in sound.<br />The Bonus Features are not as all encompassing as the Ultimate Edition but it should enough for even die hard fans. The commentary with George A Romero, his wife and effects man Tom Savini is included but it would have been nice if they had added the cast commentary even though it was cut to run with the European version of the film. Fast Film Facts is a new edition to the older bonuses and it plays along with the feature with unintrusive pop-ups that add fun info about the film. But the main reason to purchase this DVD is to witness the beauty that Blu-ray technology offers....even to a 30 year old former Grindhouse flick.
0316166685|5.0|Though I don't have time to write an all out detailed review I will say that I finished this book in 2 days! This coming from someone who never read a book in less that 2 weeks is a great deal. Just the way it was written and all the suspense leaves you wanting to not stop reading. Also the end doesn't leave you how some movies leave you today, disappointed or angry, its just right.
B000069HSP|5.0|This is one of the best films made about the VietNam war; a brilliant script drawn from a brilliant book. The action is breathtaking and the film also cleverly puts us into the social consequences of the war - what the wives of the soldiers went through. I was left with a deep respect for the soldiers as well as their families. The criticism that the film is sentimental fails to take into account the first premise that the war is about people, combatants and families both. This film's innovation is that it shows that war brings challenges and pain on and off the battlefield. This film succeeds on a range of levels, but it is Mel Gibson that makes this film really special - his performance is just brilliant. Forget 'Braveheart', great film as it is - this is Mel Gibson's finest performance in a film. This is a GREAT war film and I highly recommend it.
B000J103PC|1.0|Thankfully, I rented this movie as opposed to seeing it in the theater. I hated it. The plot was stupid. I thought that maybe the film was going to be about how a girl who thinks fashion is stupid finds that it isn't just full of anorexic, stuck-up snobs who only care about what they look like. I was incorrect. This movie serves only to reinforce negative stereotypes of the industry. They make a big scene of making the lead character \\"pretty and fashionable\\" but in the end she is the same person she was to start except now she has a job recommendation that almost says \\"work for a bitch and let them treat you like crap and it might work out in the end\\" to the viewer. Not to mention that she cheats on her boyfriend pretty much and suffers no consequences for it. Waste of money and time.
B000V8I2QU|2.0|I'm a lifelong fan of Bruce and was really looking forward to this new rock offering. Some of the early buzz suggested a \\"return to form\\". I wish I hadn't bothered! With the exception of a couple of outstanding tracks, the rest of the album sounds awful with terrible production. Brendan O'Brien's wall of sound just doesn't cut it. I expected a much more raw and gritty sound to go with the songwriting. The first four or five tracks all seem to sound the same. It's like hearing the band playing through a wall. It gets a little better after that, but again the over-produced sound makes the listening experience rather disappointing. Can't wait for the remastered release of Darkness on the Edge of Town!
B000EGEVZK|4.0|Two of the concerts on this DVD were given a viewing earlier this year, the US Festival and what exists of the Rainbow show from which It's Alive the CD comes.  Some of this, like parts of the Old Grey Whistle Test from early in the 1980s and the (as uncomfortable to sit through as the band must have felt) performance on Sha-Na-Na (why did I like this when I was little?) have been available before.  A lot of this has appeared on Ramones documentaries with someone, either the band, Monte or Legs McNeil or someone else talking over the performance.  You've seen a lot of this before and there's little we won't see again, but it's not complete by any stretch.  In addition to the omissions of the source material just not being there, the performance on Uncle Floyd is MIA, as is the movie medley (not great, but if you're a completist, you still want it) from the MTV Movie Awards, the Simpsons performance, the Jerry Lewis telethon performance CJ garbled slightly, and the Mondo Bizarro era performance on Leno to name a few.<br /><br />I'm quibbling though.<br /><br />You look at the track listing and wonder how they can squeeze so many years onto two DVDs and let it go for such a low price.  It blows the mind, and then you watch it and get your mind blown again.  There's a lot of repetition songwise, particularly when the performances are from the same year, but that's the beautiful thing about the Ramones is, even when the drummers changed and Dee Dee left, the band as a whole, did NOT change.<br /><br />I've been a fan for over 20 years, and yet I never got to see 'em.  A lot of us never did.  I'm still mad they broke up because it seems like when they did, they had nothing left to live for.  It sure felt like I/we didn't.  Jump on this.<br /><br />Signed,<br />epsteinsmutha
1400086035|5.0|The only thing wrong with this edition is they replaced the nifty picture of Jim Dale dressed as Scrooge with a silly illustration, but you don't have to look at the cover while you're listening.  Jim Dale did a fantastic job reading Harry Potter, and he does just as well with Dickens.  (I hope he'll do more books soon.)  With the many voices, he really takes you to Victorian England where you feel the cold, sense the ghosts and smell the food.  Everyone knows the story, so I won't review that.  It was a bit of a tradition in our house to read the Carol outloud at Christmas.  We will probably still do it because it's fun to try to do the voices yourself, but if I'm away from home on the holidays I know where I'll turn for a substitute.  And what better way to pass the time as you drive to Gramma's?!
B000UR366S|1.0|Don't waste your money. All of the superlatives and accolades given to Shine should be reserved for Herbie Hancock's new album \\"River\\". Thoughtful, introspective, an incredible tribute. Maybe another aging rocker marketing their wares at Starbucks should have been a clue.
B00003CXAT|5.0|My wife and I just recently sat down to a `Jurassic Park' marathon and watched all three films in succession (it was a rainy and day and we were board as all get out) so I felt compelled to write my feelings on the films.<br /><br />I was reading a blog the other day that asked the question, \\"How can you not like this movie?\\", and to me that is a very good question.  Sure the film isn't perfect, the dialog is cheesy at times, the plot is silly in moments and the acting in areas is less than desirable but overall this is one of those iconic pieces of filmmaking.  Coming out the same year as Spielberg's masterpiece `Schindler's List' it was set as Spielberg's Blockbuster of the year.  He tends to do that, do one film for himself and one film for the public (ala War of the Worlds & Munich ext.) but little did he know that his Blockbuster would end up being just as brilliant as his personal film.  In fact I'm tempted to say that `Jurassic Park' tops my list of films that should have been nominated for Best Picture that never really had the chance.  It breaks my top five for the year, that's for sure.<br /><br />If you've read the novel you'll understand that there was so much more that could have been included in this film, but then again the film would have been a few days long and no one has that much time.  In fact, I'm a firm believer in the fact that they should have split up the orgasmic novel and come out more like `Star Wars' giving us a more detailed and expansive version of this first installment instead of proceeding with the much less impressive `Lost World' and the abomination known as `Jurassic Park III'.  Regardless, this is still a landmark film to say the least.  The computer animation was mind blowing at the time of its release, and even though the effects have `supposedly' gotten better, are they really.  Nowadays everything looks like a video game.  Here everything looked real, or pretty close.  I'm not saying today's graphics aren't in some ways superior, but I not saying they would have enhanced this film either.<br /><br />The plot centers around a multimillionaire who has done the impossible.  Of the coast of Costa Rica lies an Island inhabited by dinosaurs, dinosaurs cloned from the DNA found in mosquitoes fossilized in tree sap.  These dinosaurs are of course behind steel bars and are the main attraction for a new theme park.  Before this park is opened to the public the founder John Hammond decides to fly out some specialists to take a gander, make sure that things are safe enough for the rest of the world.  These specialists include paleontologist's Alan Grant and Ellie Sattler and Mathematician (or Chaos Theorist) Ian Malcolm.  With a product this amazing there is sure to be plenty of opposition that such opposition causes a greedy computer expert Dennis Nedry to do something thoughtless that causes some major problems for everyone on the island.<br /><br />`Jurassic Park' is directed brilliantly by Steven Spielberg, so much so that not a frame goes by we don't remember.  The scenes of violence, while never graphic (this is PG-13) are always filled to the brim with tension and suspension.  The kitchen scene alone with Hammonds two grandchildren is one iconic scene of modern (or not so modern) cinema.  The acting is decent among all here with Sam Neil and Laura Dern as standouts.  Wayne Knight is effectively disgusting as Nedry and Richard Attenborough makes a fine Hammond (although if you've read the book you'll know that his character is changed DRASTICALLY for the film).  Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello are effective as the grandchildren, Lex and Tim.  They play children and I like that, they don't mature up the part at all.  They play normal everyday children who obsess and bicker and swoon and panic like all normal children do.  Samuel L. Jackson continues with his long line of thankless roles in any and everything he can get his hands on.  It's funny, he's such a cocky man yet he really has little to back up his swagger.  Tell me, aside from his `Pulp Fiction' and `A Time to Kill' stints (both brilliant I will admit) what has he given us but filler performances.  Okay, I'll deviate from that to gripe about another actor I don't quite get...Jeff Goldblum.  He's not terrible, but he's not that great either, kind of annoying.  In fact he's much better in the sequel despite this film itself being much better than `The Lost World'.<br /><br />Those two very MINOR faults (it's not that Jackson is BAD, it's just not a performance to be cocky about) still can etch a single star off my review.  I mean come on, this film is iconic, legendary...filmmaking at it's very finest.  Sure the times have changed but `Jurassic Park' will live on in infamy forever, or at least until the world ends and all is lost and or forgotten.  Ha, well, over-dramatized but you get my drift.Tell me, aside from his `Pulp Fiction' and `A Time to Kill' stints (both brilliant I will admit) what has he given us but filler performances.  Okay, I'll deviate from that to gripe about another actor I don't quite get...Jeff Goldblum.  He's not terrible, but he's not that great either, kind of annoying.  In fact he's much better in the sequel despite this film itself being much better than `The Lost World'.      Those two very MINOR faults (it's not that Jackson is BAD, it's just not a performance to be cocky about) still can etch a single star off my review.  I mean come on, this film is iconic, legendary...filmmaking at it's very finest.  Sure the times have changed but `Jurassic Park' will live on in infamy forever, or at least until the world ends and all is lost and or forgotten.  Ha, well, over-dramatized but you get my drift.
0920668372|1.0|This starts off kind of cute.  The mother has a child in her arms and she tells him, \\"I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living my baby you'll be.\\"  As an expression of a parent's unconditional love it's a great little saying from a mother to her son.  And then you turn the pages, the kid gets older, and the you see the mom sneaking into the teenage son's bedroom and repeating the mantra.  It seems a little Oedipus, as I'd not really like to think about my mom sneaking into my room when I was a teenager but ok, still kind of cute.<br /><br />Then the son gets married and moves away.  Happy ending?  Not exactly.  Now the mother straps a ladder to her car, drives across town, and breaks into the son's house, sneaks into his bedroom and while he's sleeping with his wife next to him tells him \\"I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living my baby you'll be.\\"  Ok, having seen Psycho, I have to say I'm a bit disturbed.  This continues through the son's life, until the mother is dying, and the son repeats her mantra back to her.<br /><br />The last page in the book shows the son, cradling his newborn, repeating his mother's mantra to the baby, and the cycle repeats.  If this were a movie, I would have expected the creepy horror music to well up, have the son look into the camera and start an evil cackle as the picture faded to black.
B0002S947K|5.0|I remember the first time I heard the title track `Trouble'.  I fell in love instantly with the smoky, folksy feel to the song.  Beings that two of my favorite singers happen to be Damien Rice and David Gray it's only inevitable that Ray LaMontagne would end up very high on my list as well.  He sounds almost like a musical compilation of the two, with Damien's rustic and raw musical style accompanied with a gruffer version of David's dark voice.  On `Trouble' Ray easily captivates his audience with a collection of raw and appealing tracks all capitalizing on Ray's magnetism.  Offering us tracks that slip into that southern almost country feel as well as sheer folk rock and good old fashioned rock & roll, `Trouble' is in the end a very well rounded album.<br /><br />Things start with the title track `Trouble' and even after listening to the magnificence of the entire album I must say that this track is truly a standout.  Just the way Ray's rough voice elevates with an almost smooth sounding resonance as he bellows \\"trouble...trouble, trouble, trouble\\" is enough to calm the nerves.  It's elegant despite its gruff exterior.  He does this to even more impressive heights on `Burn' for as he utters the open words \\"Oh momma\\" I'm lost in his soul.  I've said this before when reviewing other artists work but it's so true...if you can't feel their soul then you might as well put down the record.  Ray LaMontagne bears his soul on every track here, and `Burn' is one superlative example of this.  Another is one of my favorite tracks, `Shelter'.  The song effortlessly glides over the listeners ears with its delicate vocals and smooth musical development.  It's a truly beautiful song.<br /><br />Songs like `The Narrow Escape' find themselves in almost Johnny Cash territory, real southern with the harmonica adding to that southern flare.  It's very folksy, like something you'd see a group of rednecks playing on wooden chairs outside the local fishing tackle store for the local townsfolk.  That may sound like a bad thing but it's so not.  `How Come' has a much more upbeat feel to it, one of those songs you want to move to.  It deals with deep subject as in real issues with the world today and questioning why we see all the horrible things taking place day in and day out.  `Hannah' incorporates piano chords that sound as if they belong in a saloon and a violin, which is never a bad thing, but `Hannah' still probably winds up my least favorite track here.  It's still a good song, but not as good as the rest of the album.<br /><br />`Jolene' is a much softer track, and in its subtle and almost dark musical atmosphere Ray's gruff vocals truly elevate the mood of the song.  `Hold You in My Arms' is a beautifully done track about the consoling nature of a true friend.  Ray gets this feeling across spectacularly.  `Forever My Friend' is another song that seems a bit more upbeat.  The musical arrangement is perfectly complimented by Ray's vocals, and the lyrical message is one that is also upbeat and sweet.  `All The Wild Horses' closes the album, and it does so wonderfully.  The musical opening to the song gives the impression of something epic, something grandiose and important, and Ray's ghostly delivery helps keep the song strong and mysterious.<br /><br />So, from start to finish `Trouble' is an album to love and adore, one to relish and admire for Ray LaMontagne has beautifully captured his spirit, his soul and delivered to us a raw and revealing look at what true talent can accomplish.sound like a bad thing but it's so not.  `How Come' has a much more upbeat feel to it, one of those songs you want to move to.  It deals with deep subject as in real issues with the world today and questioning why we see all the horrible things taking place day in and day out.  `Hannah' incorporates piano chords that sound as if they belong in a saloon and a violin, which is never a bad thing, but `Hannah' still probably winds up my least favorite track here.  It's still a good song, but not as good as the rest of the album.    `Jolene' is a much softer track, and in its subtle and almost dark musical atmosphere Ray's gruff vocals truly elevate the mood of the song.  `Hold You in My Arms' is a beautifully done track about the consoling nature of a true friend.  Ray gets this feeling across spectacularly.  `Forever My Friend' is another song that seems a bit more upbeat.  The musical arrangement is perfectly complimented by Ray's vocals, and the lyrical message is one that is also upbeat and sweet.  `All The Wild Horses' closes the album, and it does so wonderfully.  The musical opening to the song gives the impression of something epic, something grandiose and important, and Ray's ghostly delivery helps keep the song strong and mysterious.    So, from start to finish `Trouble' is an album to love and adore, one to relish and admire for Ray LaMontagne has beautifully captured his spirit, his soul and delivered to us a raw and revealing look at what true talent can accomplish.
B000GIXIBY|4.0|There aren't a lot of good transfers of this film onto DVD. Matter of fact, there aren't any good transfers to be honest. Maybe the Boomstick edition, but that edition doesn't hold a match to the clarity of this disc. The 1080 upgrade is amazing, and it looks better then some of the other discs out there, including Shaun Of The Dead.    And if you are looking at this, you know what Army Of Darkness is all about, so there's no need to get into the film itself. The only downfall of this HDDVD is that it lacks bonus features. There isn't a single one. Plus the hd resolution does cause for noticing things you normally wouldn't have noticed from \\"back in the day\\" such as fake skeletons that are supposed to be talking, but rather moving back and forth, such as the scene where Evil Ash and his minions storm the castle, and the skeleton next to Evil Ash simply moves back and forth from the horse, being a fake with nobody inside a suit to bring it to life.    All in all this is definitely something for the true fan of the film, but for the extra items, it'd be wise to also buy and/or keep a regular DVD version of the film.
B000LAZDQA|5.0|Oh. My. Goodness!  What an interesting movie that can be visually over-stimulating.  The movie opens with a montage of sex scenes.  You might think that you must've missed the beginning of the movie.  However, you didn't.  Instead, you dived into it.  Maybe Mitchell did it for shock value but the opening scenes were...well...right in your face.  You want to look away but you can't.  You can do nothing but maybe laugh and for some of you...be embarrassed.<br /><br />After the montage, the story begins.  Now, there's so many things going on in this movie.  So, I will just pick 2 groups of people.  One is a gay couple, Jamie and James.  Jamie loves James.  But, James, a former hustler, while he does love Jamie, he feels that he needs more out of life.  Therefore, he suggests that they open up their closed relationship.  Jamie, fearful of losing James, decides couples counseling.<br /><br />Sofia is a couples counselor.  Her speciality is sexual issues.  However, there's one problem.  Sofia has never had an orgasm.  In the initial counseling session with Jamie and James, she breaks down and reveals her sexual shortcoming.<br /><br />So, all three of them go to the Shortbus.  Shortbus is...well, for a lack of a better word, a sort of a bathhouse but with \\"class\\".  In every rooms in Shortbus, there is a sexual activity going on, whether with a couple or a group.  Not everyone participates nor is everyone pressured to do so.  Some just come to watch.  At Shortbus, Jamie & James and Sofia each encounter people they hope will improve their sexual lives.<br /><br />Love?  Lust?  Which one will win?  Are we all meant to achieve that greatest sexual satisfaction?  You'd be amazed how much sex impacts our daily life.<br /><br />All I can say is \\"wow!\\" and that you must see it ASAP if you have not seen it yet.  I believe that we, as Americans, are such prudes when it comes to sex and nudity.  In fact, I saw this movie with my partner and 2 friends.  It was interesting to see the mixed reaction we each had towards Shortbus.  I was like...\\"it's about time\\", even though I laughed at some scenes.  A friend was like \\"sex and nudity are such private things and should not be shown\\".  This film is a great topic to discuss afterwards.<br /><br />Bravo to Mitchell for having the balls to bring such taboos in our faces!rtbus.  I was like...\\"it's about time\\", even though I laughed at some scenes.  A friend was like \\"sex and nudity are such private things and should not be shown\\".  This film is a great topic to discuss afterwards.    Bravo to Mitchell for having the balls to bring such taboos in our faces!
0393324818|5.0|Provides intriguing insight into the real skills that are required by a major leaguer and those coaching decisions that do and don't make sense.
B000URDEB0|5.0|Okay, let me be the first to admit, as an old-school Nightwish and Tarja fan, I had a lot of trepidation about this album before I heard it.  I worried about whether Annette could fill Tarja's shoes, but not only does she fill her shoes quite remarkably, she brings a whole new kind of atmosphere to the music, and although her vocal style is different than Tarja's, not operatic, it meshes very well with the classical scheme of the music.  I understand that she came over from an Abba tribute band, and she brings that 70s dance pop influence in some of the vocal harmonies she creates, especially in the chorus to Amaranth.  First, NW showed that real opera vocals can work with metal, and now they've proven that 70s dance pop vocals can also work with metal!  Incidentally, the collector's edition of this cd also includes a second disk with instrumental versions of all the songs, as well as the original demo version of Amaranth, then titled \\"Reach,\\" with alternate lyrics, and a completely different chorus.    Someone else put up a song-by-song review, and it was a good one, but since music is such a very subjective experience, I thought I would do the same.  Obviously, some of my opinions will contrast, while some will agree.  Ultimately, it's up to the listener to decide which tracks work best for them.  Anywho, here's my song-by-song review:    \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\" - Clocking in at just under 14 minutes, this is without a doubt their magnum opus.  This story is divided into five parts - \\"White Lands of Empathica\\" is a short choral intro that has something of a monastic feel to it, building dramatically into \\"Home,\\" a metal tour de force.  This flows seamlessly into the beautiful and ballad-like \\"The Pacific,\\" which brilliantly blossoms into the speed-metal frenzy of \\"Dark Passion Play\\" (featuring a brutal duet between Annette and Marco).  The only weak point of this epic is the final part \\"Mother & Father,\\" the transition to which is awkward, and the music itselfjust doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the song.  I'll have to read \\"The Pit and the Pendulum\\" again to see if more than just the title was inspired by that Poe work.    \\"Bye Bye Beautiful\\" - This is a very angry song.  Musically, it is very reminiscent of \\"Wish I Had an Angel,\\" from Once.  Not a brilliant song, but quite enjoyable.  It's a really good rocker, good driving music.    \\"Amaranth\\" - If you hear the original demo version (entitled \\"Reach\\") on the collector's edition cd, you'll be shocked by just how different this song is from what it was originally intended to be.  A very enjoyable, catchy song, Annette really brings a new element in the chorus harmonies, in which you can really see the Abba influence.  But it works, and it works extremely well!  This is one of the better songs on the cd.    \\"Cadence of Her Last Breath\\" - This song gets really good, really intense toward the end (it takes on a strong Dream Theater feel), but for most of its duration, it just isn't memorable.  Good riffs and musical hooks, but that's about it, they're not great, they're just good.  All in all, it's not a bad song, but it's not a standout, either.      \\"Master Passion Greed\\" - Marco takes over the lead vocals through this one, and Annette provides backup.  As others have suggested, this is possibly the heaviest, most brutal, most in-your-face metal that Nightwish has ever done, and the symphonic elements, though not prominent in this one, make it that much more brutal.  This song is absolutely fierce, this is Nightwish at their musical metal best!  Along with \\"The Islander\\" and \\"Amaranth,\\" this is tied for my favorite song on the cd.  If you only buy the cd for this song, you've gotten your money's worth!    \\"Eva\\" - haunting, ambient, ghostly, those are the words that immediately come to mind.  A very beautiful ballad featuring prominent piano and keys.  If there are any lingering doubts that Annette can do justice to Nightwish's more elegant side, this song should banish all such doubts.  Gorgeous.    \\"Sahara\\" - inspired by Sheharazade and the 1001 Arabian Nights, this is a brooding and atmospheric piece.  Again, it's good, but not great.  This is one of the weaker tracks on the cd, in my opinion, but it's still a good listen.  Heck, Nightwish at their worst is better than most bands at their best!    \\"Whoever Brings the Night\\" - This is one where I'm going to have to disagree with the other poster, because this one, to me, is one of the weakest songs on the cd, if not \\"the\\" weakest song.  I'm a sucker for a good vampire song (pun fully intended), but this one just doesn't do it for me.  As vampire songs go in the Nightwish catalogue, \\"Slaying the Dreamer\\" is a lot better.  Still, this is a good rocker, and the chorus is catchy.  But except for some wierdness in the chord progressions at the beginning, there isn't much imagination in this one.  This one was written (music) by Emppu, and he obviously doesn't have the same ability at songwriting as Tuomas.  Annette is really the only thing saving this song from obscurity.    \\"For the Heart I Once Had\\" - this one is a power ballad, and as power ballads go, it's pretty typical and blah.  Still not much happening here.  It's good, but not great.  Along with \\"Whoever Brings the Night,\\" probably the most forgettable song on the album.    \\"The Islander\\" - accoustic folk in a Celtic vein.  Though it is about as opposite from \\"Master Passion Greed\\" as you can get, it stands alongside that one as the best track on the album.  This song is just absolutely amazing!  Marco handles the lead vocals again, with Annette providing a bit of vocal airbrush, so to speak, to all but the first verse.  I could listen to this one over and over again.  Very reminiscent of Blackmore's Night.    \\"Last of the Wilds\\" - an instrumental piece, it keeps with the Celtic folk theme introduced in the previous track, with layers and layers of folk instruments woven around a very simple, basic metal core.  This songis a pure delight, and is one of the best songs on the album.  It'll remind you very strongly of Cruachan, if you're familiar with them, and even Falconer.    \\"7 Days to the Wolves\\" - another incredible song, though in a much slower, more moody vein.  Again, Annette's classic pop sensibilities bring a whole extra dimension to this song.      \\"Meadows of Heaven\\" - I can't really tell it any better than the other posters here already have.  Atmospheric, emphatic, layered brilliance.  I wouldn't call it the best song on the cd, but it's definitely up there.    On the whole, I think this is right up there with Wishmaster, Angels Fall First and Oceanborn as their best, most visionary and most ambitious albums!
0517201658|5.0|Read this book several years ago and enjoyed it immensly.  A young woman falls in love with a kindly young priest and gradually gets him to fall in love with her.  This book may raise a few eyebrows today with what has been going on in the church.
1594489505|5.0|A friend in Italy recommended this popular title saying the friendship of two women in a punishing culture would make it endure as a classic read. To me the utter realism of women's lives in a war-ravaged and repressive culture revealed strength, courage and of course the fragile hold on what restores our sense of purpose in small but enduring acts of commitment in life.
B000803PP4|1.0|Der!!!!  It says on the front in big bold letters. 'Music from and Inspired by'.  Top marks to anyone who bought it and found it wasn't exactly the soundtrack.
0761145613|5.0|This calendar is one of the very best designs around.  I purchase it every year, and have done so for at least 5 years now.  My whole family enjoys using it, and it makes it very easy to keep track of 4 very busy people (and 1 dog and 2 cats)!
B000IU3XTM|4.0|Damien Rice is, in my humble opinion, the greatest musical artist of our generation.  That opinion was formulated after experiencing the brilliance that was his debut album `O'.  When `9' was released I rushed to purchase it and listened to it probably three or four times straight through that same day.  My opinion has not changed, but I will say that to anyone who swears by `O' as much as I do `9' can come off as a bit of a disappointment.  This is hard for me to admit since Rice truly is an inspiration to me and is someone I consider not just a musician, not even just an `artist' but I truly feel he is one of music's only geniuses.  His music is inventive, exciting, well thought out and creative and transcends the boundaries of primitive musicianship and conveys feelings and emotions that most artists can seem to comprehend.  I was really expecting `9' to take what he delivered in `O' and blow it out of the water.  Instead it hands us a group of tracks that are impressive, I won't deny that, but that can't seem to rise above the brilliance that was its predecessor.<br /><br />You wouldn't guess that right off the bat though.  `9' opens with the powerfully haunting `9 Crimes', a song about infidelity and the disturbing realizations it casts upon the couple in question.  Set to a tragically delicate piano riff and featuring the beautiful addition of Lisa Hannigan, `9 Crimes' proves to be one of Damien's most beautiful and all around powerful tracks ever recorded.  Not a bad way to begin.  In fact there are a few tracks here that compare to the weight of `O', I just wish they all did.  `Rootless Tree' is another flawless track (although live he played this on the piano and it was even better).  The song is a bitter breakup song that, rumor has it, he wrote about ex-girlfriend Renee Zellweger.<br /><br />`The Animals Were Gone' as well as `Grey Room' and the closing `Sleep Don't Weep' all sound like tracks that could have been on `O' arrangement wise at least.  They are your basic acoustic Rice and they work very well.  `Grey Room' is probably my favorite of the three.  It's a very well done track.  `The Animals Were Gone' has such a beautifully orchestrated climax that I wish he had used that throughout the song, but overall I really can't complain.  It's classic Rice.  `Sleep Don't Weep' is the perfect way to close out this album.  It's beautiful, haunting and memorable.  It reminds the listener why Damien Rice is so special and compels them to listen to the album once again.<br /><br />The album though is not without its faults, and that's where it differs from `O', an album I consider to be arguably perfect in every facet.  `Elephant' is my first complaint.  I enjoy the song but it's no `Blowers Daughter' and the fact that it tries to be (the more sexually charged version albeit) upsets me.  It's set to the same chord structure, same vocal patterns, which in it of itself is not a horrible concept, but in order for that to pay off the song should be better than the original, and `Elephant' isn't even in the same league as `Blowers Daughter'.  `Me, My Yoke, and I' is the worst track here.  It's practically inaudible and he keeps repeating the same things over and over.  I think the reviewer hit it on the head when he/she said that it sounds as though it was written on the spot.  Sadly, that is the case.  It's a song about self-pleasuring that fails to please anyone but Rice.<br /><br />The final three songs, or the three that I have yet to mention, are not bad songs but I can't bring myself to say they are good either.  Both `Dogs' and `Coconut Skins' are fun, I will admit that, but they add nothing new to the man we know as Damien.  When you listen to the magnificence that is `9 Crimes' or `Sleep Don't Weep' you become almost embarrassed for tracks like `Dogs'.  Damien said that `Dogs' was his happy song amidst a slew of depressing ones but personally I prefer him depressed (ouch).  `Accidental Babies' is one I'm on the fencewith.  Overall it is a beautiful song, one that is touching and emotional and it works, I just wish it had a little more range.  It's the same repeated piano chords and the same vocal patterns and it just feels like one long verse, even when the chorus rolls in.<br /><br />`9' is no `O' that is for certain, but what also is for certain is that Damien Rice is one of music's finest artists, no, what did I say earlier...geniuses, and I truly mean that.  Sure, he hit somewhat of a sophomore slump, but really, how do you follow up the brilliance that was `O'?  If only the release dates on these albums had been swapped, then it would see right.  Even with its faults the album still rises above most of what's released these days.  I'm confident that his third full-length album will be a major improvement and until that day comes I sit and I wait and I enjoy every second I can get with this man and his music.tiful song, one that is touching and emotional and it works, I just wish it had a little more range.  It's the same repeated piano chords and the same vocal patterns and it just feels like one long verse, even when the chorus rolls in.    `9' is no `O' that is for certain, but what also is for certain is that Damien Rice is one of music's finest artists, no, what did I say earlier...geniuses, and I truly mean that.  Sure, he hit somewhat of a sophomore slump, but really, how do you follow up the brilliance that was `O'?  If only the release dates on these albums had been swapped, then it would see right.  Even with its faults the album still rises above most of what's released these days.  I'm confident that his third full-length album will be a major improvement and until that day comes I sit and I wait and I enjoy every second I can get with this man and his music.
B000URDEB0|2.0|A long time ago I went searching for magical music and I found Nightwish. The specific combination of voice, music and most important - spirit hit me like a ton of bricks.    Ah - but all perfect beauty comes to an end and life moves on. So I wanted to give this work every chance that I could. I have within my limitations and here are my thoughts:      Just because you can hit a high note doesn't necessarily mean you should -especially repeatedly.     Yelling over metal music is different than singing with power within metal music.    It takes a certain charisma to make inane lyrics seem like they mean something.     An \\"epic\\" happens, you can't force it.     An over-reliance on orchestration and arrangement is a crutch.    I appreciate what Nightwish had and I hope they have success going forward but, for me, this sounds like Britney Spears ran into Yanni and they thought they could play some \\"old\\" Metallica together with a little but of Transiberian Orchestra thrown in.    I think what is most evident is the spirit. It hasn't morphed and it hasn't changed - it is truly missing.
B000053VAZ|5.0|Johnny Depp is whacky and wonderful.  The other cast memebers are also quite good.
B000QQFKYE|2.0|I've always been ambivalent about David Lynch. His films are always interesting,  original, often beautifully shot, yet at the same time confusing and arguably lacking in real meaning beyond the images. While movies like Blue Velvet and Wild At Heart at least have plots that hold all the weirdness together,  Inland Empire for me represents the extreme in all the things I don't care for in Lynch's films. It is very long and completely confusing. It is rather self-indulgent with many lengthy scenes without much going on, shot in dark rooms or corridors.<br /><br />This is a film for hardcore Lynch fans, who will not only forgive but give high praise to every random whim that he decides to throw into a movie. I have to admit that I only saw about half of it, but in this case I think that was enough to get the essence. I almost turned it off after the first fifteen minutes of watching people in rabbit costumes mumbling in a dark room. More than anything else, this reminds me of an avant-garde performance piece, where characters improvise random and bizarre actions and it's up to the audience to figure out what it all means.<br /><br />Either I'm just not sophisticated and perceptive enough to appreciate the nuances and deeper meaning of Inland Empire, or it really is a convoluted mess. I will say, that despite this harsh appraisal, that the film is exquisitely photographed and that many of the performances are excellent. Laura Dern gets completely into this role and truly looks like someone in the middle of a nightmare, or perhaps suffering through a bad acid trip. Unfortunately, this is not something I was able to sit through for three hours.
B0000041CZ|5.0|It's all a matter of how many WTCs you can afford. I like them all. Not because I like everything, far from it, but because there have been some amazing performers out there over the years, making up for the fact that they don't improvise or create new music, creatively stretching Bach's paper, making it their battleground. If you thought Glenn Gould was eccentric, but (on reflection) maybe not quite eccentric enough, you should try this one.    It might be brutal to make this someone's first WTC, but this certainly is original, just when we thought we'd run out of ruses.    It's a VERY clean recording. Very sparse. Completely to-the-point. Exquisite clarity, close-mic'ed, no silly room reverb, and the felt on the hammers was probably filed and needled before each session! They did a great job re-mastering this 1973 session. This sounds like a Steinway up close, laid into phat analog tape, with all the tape hiss gone. Luscious. You can hear every wave bouncing off the lid.      Just when I thought rubato was the essence of consideration, here comes this approach, and it turns out rubato is a cheap trick. It's as if Gulda trimmed back most of the piano's sustain pedal, so it was harder to press, and decided to play sitting on a land-mine. This is to most other renditions as a Zen garden is to Chuck-e-Cheese. Glenn Gould sounds dreamy, in comparison. Gulda hits something on the head. Every note counts. Well, that's always true, but haven't you heard people WASTE notes? Most WTC performances are sort of \\"on the way to the next measure\\". But not Gulda's. It's like that thing he's sitting on is reminding him (and us) of our mortality, and of the importance of the moment. There IS something martial here as well. Indeed what makes it less than ideal for a beginner is how extreme it can be in all other dimensions while retaining those fixed tempos.    Now and then he fires off maybe the fastest WTC selection ever heard, as if demonstrating the futility of trying to outrun it, though he sprints like the devil. Then he comes back into focus, and it's like watching the I.V. drip again. Some tempos are almost below the range of a metronome. But, you see, every drop matters. He is SO effective in bringing out inner voicings, that a few sudden changes in the overall volume are puzzling, and may be mastering artifacts.    It's entirely unrobotic, even though the tempo is so rigid, because each note is placed with a meticulous micro-timing and dynamic that makes you think vertically, as much as some of the other great performances make you think thematically, or horizontally. It's not even a focus on harmony, it's the SPACE around the note, and how Bach set it up. I think it's brilliant, at times almost supra-human, like real AI. I've heard my fair share of WTCs. This one had me mesmerized on headphones; it sounds best that way. Heard at low volume, much of the subtlety is lost, and the occasional aggressiveness and dryness stand out.     You will find that it will land on/in your player whenever things get too messy in your life. It's especially a great set to add if you already have a baroque or romantic one. And if you listen very very carefully you can hear him hum -- or maybe it's the music of the spheres joining in.
B000UR366S|5.0|I am in awe. I am grateful. I am listening only my second time through now. But it is a marvelous album, absolutely soulful, warm, deep. I feel spoken to and with. Of course I have long admired Joni Mitchell's brilliant music. But right now to be here with her comments on our world-particularly the song Shine-feels very good. She makes connection. Music (or all arts) at its best is that connection. I sobbed during Shine. The collective mourning, and yet the joyful parts in all of it. To feel touched, to feel surprised, to feel 'yes, that's just how I feel too', and it doesn't make the state of the world any less heartbreaking, but it's helpful, and affirming. The album is soothing but not lulling, and I don't believe now is a good time to be dulled and lulled by music or any other thing. I would recommend this to anyone. I only wish it was longer.
B000V8I2QU|3.0|I've bought every Bruce Springsteen album since Darkness the first day it was released so I'm not a newcomer to Bruce. This is a great collection of songs. Bruce says so much here musically and lyrically, but I have to agree with so many other people that the production is terrible. In listening to this cd a few times in my car I actually considered whether I needed better speakers; until I put in another cd which sounded perfectly fine. I listened to the album online last week through my cheap PC speakers. I loved it and was looking forward to listening to it in high fidelity. Apparently this will never happen unless a remastered version of this comes out many years from now. I find that this cd can not be turned way up without horrible distortion and it is actually tiring to listen to this for long periods of time. Great - a Springsteen cd that I can't crank up and listen to repeatedly. Contrast The Wild, The Innocent and The E Street Shuffle (which was released a mere 34 years ago) with Magic and you'll find you're now waist deep in the Big Muddy.
061891868X|2.0|At the moment, string theory appears to have many (possibly an infinite number) of \\"metastable vacua\\", each of which would allow for a universe with its own laws of physics.  (For a brief, comic, yet essentially correct summary of the history of this idea, see Peter Shor's review here.  For those who don't know, Shor is a celebrated quantum-information theorist.)  According to the (far from established) inflationary model of cosmology, there is a vast collection of universes (the \\"multiverse\\") with diverse laws of physics.  Which universe we find ourselves in is a matter of random selection, but of course we must be in a \\"biofriendly\\" universe, one whose laws of physics allow for the appearance of intelligent life.    The core argument of this book is presented on page 164-165 (US hardcover edition), where Smolin writes, \\"when it comes to the biofriendliness of our universe, we have at least three possibilities:    \\"1.  Ours is one of a vast collection of universes with random laws.    \\"2.  There was an intelligent designer.    \\"3.  There is a so-far-unknown mechanism that will both explain the biofriendliness of our universe and make testable predictions by which it can be confirmed or falsified.    \\"Given that the first two possibilities are untestable in principle, it is most rational to hold out for the third possibility.  Indeed, that is the only possibility we should consider as scientists, because accepting either of the first two would mean the end of our field.\\"    I find this to be an astonishing argument.  First of all, I don't know what \\"most rational\\" is supposed to mean. More importantly, to reject a scientific hypothesis for purely personal reasons (it \\"would mean the end of our field\\") is at best novel, and at worst absurd.     Very few string theorists are happy that #1 seems, at this point, to be the most likely outcome of string theory, and many hope that #3 will somehow eventually emerge.  But to throw out the whole framework, simply because we don't like the result, cannot be said to be a scientific attitude.    One thing you won't learn in this book (unless you read it very carefully, and between the lines) is that the other approaches to quantum gravity advocated by Smolin have not come any closer to predicting specific experimental results than string theory has.  Smolin talks about possible violations of special relativity, but these are not (as he admits on page 237) a definite prediction of loop quantum gravity.  He has said (on Peter Woit's blog) that any quantum field theory in any number of dimensions is compatible with loop quantum gravity.   If true, this would make loop quantum gravity even less capable than string theory of picking out our particular laws of physics.    Smolin also discusses issues of sociology in physics.  On page 335-336, he asserts that the all the truly negative characterizations of job candidates that he has ever heard have had a component of racism and/or sexism.  I am on the faculty of the physics department of a research university, and I can only say that my experience has been entirely different.  I have simply never heard a racist or sexist denigration of one scientist by another, nor have I ever felt that anyone was being evaluated by criteria other than merit.  I think that there are definitely issues of culture and how we can construct scientific communities that have broader appeal, and that there are physicists who are not as sensitive to these issues as they might be, but I cannot accept Smolin's claim that the relatively small percentage of women and blacks in physics is due to \\"blatant prejudice\\".      Finally, Smolin discusses the issues of \\"seers\\" vs \\"craftspeople\\" in science, and argues that we should be supporting more \\"seers\\".  Among the existing seers, he lists some (such as Roger Penrose and Gerard 't Hooft) who made their reputations primarily as craftspeople ('t Hooft received the Nobel Prize for his work on the renormalization of gauge theories, and Penrose did celebrated work on the singularity theorems of general relativity).  Their record as seers has been less successful; none of their recent ideas on modifications of quantum mechanics have panned out as yet.  Smolin laments the fact that more attention is not paid to these forays into alternatives to quantum mechanics.  But 't Hooft and Penrose do not agree on what modifications are needed.  Other seers identified by Smolin propose violations of special relativity, rather than (or in addition to) violations of quantum mechanics.  Perhaps this is all deep thought, but there is little to decide, at this point, which if any of these avenues should be pursued.  Most physicists have therefore sensibly adopted a \\"wait and see\\" attitude.     Even if we accept Smolin's argument that we need new seers, how are we to find them?  Smolin writes (page 353) that in order to discover \\"the visionaries who ignore the mainstream and follow their own ambitious programs\\", we should \\"find at least one accomplished person in the candidate's field who is deeply excited about what the candidate is trying to do\\".  So, the candidate's program had better not be *too* far off the mainstream; there has to be at least one \\"accomplished person\\" who is \\"deeply excited\\" about it.   But if one deeply excited professional is good, wouldn't more be better?  Wouldn't that up the odds that the program was, indeed, worthwhile?  Oh wait, that would be just what we have now ... a system where there is constant debate, emergent consensus on the most promising approaches, and distribution of research funds primarily (but by no means exclusively!) to those approaches that appear, in the consensus view, to be most promising.  To paraphrase Winston Churchill on democracy, this system for distributing funds for science may be the worst ever devised, except for all the others.      So, should you buy the book?  I feel that it gives a distorted picture, by emphasizing the weak points of string theory while ignoring the (many more, in my view) weak points of the alternatives.  It seems to me that the essence of the book's argument against string theory is captured by the excerpts above, and by Shor's review. Then there is a lot of discussion of groupthink in scientific culture.  For me, it doesn't add up to an appealing package, but your mileage may vary.
B00005QK3W|3.0|This is an album that seems to get very mixed reviews from McCartney fans.  Many view it as one of his all time best others don't seem to like it much at all.   For me, I lean toward the latter category.  Driving Rain was the first album of new material that Paul had released following his wife Linda's untimely death from cancer.  The specter of this event weighs heavily on the album.  It is also an album that was recorded after Paul had met his soon to be second wife Heather.  This too shows in several of the albums tracks with a more upbeat hopeful theme.  I have to give McCartney credit, there are a few tracks here where he really tries something different and dare I say gets a bit progressive.   The mostly instrumental track Heather and the 10 minute album closer Rinse The Raindrops are both good examples of McCartney stepping out of his pop persona and really going for something different.  These two tracks are the highlights of the album for me.  There are several other tracks here that are quite good as well. , but overall I find a lot of this stuff wanting.....something, but I am not sure what exactly it is.  I can understand why this album got such mixed reaction from fans.  The album also contains a bonus live track Freedom which became a minor hit for Paul in the wake of September 11th.  I can see where some would probably really love this album, but for me it is only a 3 star Macca release.
B000TGJ80S|4.0|OK sure Dracula is a bit \\"flawed\\" (aren't they all) but enjoy the added scenes in this latest release. More Lucy! More Tom Waits! More visuals! More of a Movie!
B000002504|5.0|This is great album although a little short. In its 30 some odd minutes there is plenty to absorb. I had to listen to this several times before I could make sense of it. In a true prog sense this is brilliant. If you were a pop rock fan you probably couldn't listen to this. In fact this reminds me of the music they might blast at the gang members who stand on street corners. The gang members would scatter like cock roaches after you turned on the light.<br />You might need some advanced listening skils for this one. Highly recomended for prog fans. Everyone else, go pop in a Jimmy Buffet record and enjoy.
0671004611|1.0|I wouldn't waste a lot of time on this run-of-the-mill alien fantasy, since anyone with a basic familiarity with the history of science will recognize the howling inconsistencies in Corso's claims that he \\"inserted\\" advanced alien technology into the R&D mainstream .. and nobody noticed, anywhere.  Since the long & tedious history of microchip technology, lasers, masers, fiberoptics, and the rest of Corso's \\"alien\\" technology is well-documented in thousands of places, for anyone to study if they wish, this amateurish little book will only fool the scientifically illiterate and the conspiracy groupies who lack the .perseverance to actually take science courses. Unfortunately, there are a lot of those out there ....<br /><br />An internet search will also reveal Corso's other wild-eyed claims, such as his claims to have met and telepathically communicated with aliens in the desert, or his claims to have seen -- and touched -- flying saucers that appear and disappear magically. Corso's fans don't like to talk about those interviews, but a rational person will consider them along with Corso's other claims.<br /><br />His purported military experiences don't survive the smell test well, either, for anyone with a fair amount of military experience, especially in the intel or R&D fields. Certainly he held some responsible positions, as many majors and lieutenant colonels, but that doesn't prevent any individual from becoming a fruitcake later in life, or just manufacturing \\"experiences\\" to make up for his relative obscurity after he left the military. Some of his claims -- for example, that his foreign technology office was \\"dissolved\\" when he & Trudeau left -- are just silly. There were foreign technology offices that exploited captured materiel long after he left, notably at Wright-Pat AFB and other less-known places. I personally sent materiel there as recently as the 80s.  I probably don't need to add that the number of people involved in these efforts over the years make the likelihood of Corso's tales nearly zero. Hundreds, probably thousands, of people would have first-hand knowledge of all the \\"alien\\" technology, and you can guess the likelihood of this \\"secret\\" being kept this long, by that many...not even counting Corso's claims that many other countries & governments had similar \\"Roswell-type\\" recoveries and exploitation programs.<br /><br />One can't help feeling sorry for poor Corso, and wondering just how bleak his later years must have become for him to have found this Great Conspiracy necessary to his emotional well-being. You also can't help liking the guy, and wishing he had found more satisfaction in the really important and valuable work he REALLY did. I salute his service ... but I don't believe a bit of his UFO pipedreams.od of Corso's tales nearly zero. Hundreds, probably thousands, of people would have first-hand knowledge of all the \\"alien\\" technology, and you can guess the likelihood of this \\"secret\\" being kept this long, by that many...not even counting Corso's claims that many other countries & governments had similar \\"Roswell-type\\" recoveries and exploitation programs.    One can't help feeling sorry for poor Corso, and wondering just how bleak his later years must have become for him to have found this Great Conspiracy necessary to his emotional well-being. You also can't help liking the guy, and wishing he had found more satisfaction in the really important and valuable work he REALLY did. I salute his service ... but I don't believe a bit of his UFO pipedreams.
B000T05R8Q|4.0|Not much I can add to the reviews of the music contained in this release that hasn't already been said. The last four tracks on the 3rd disc are different enough to make them worth seeking out ( especially the alternate version of \\"Mathilda Mother\\"). I didn't buy the 2 disc 30th anniversary version so, I can't comment on the comparisons to the mono version in this set. All reviews seem to point toward that earlier version not really being  mono and I don't know if I'm a big enough   audiophile to tell the difference.  The packaging this time around is about as good as it gets particularly the cloth-bound book style binding. The re-production of Syd's journal is quite nice, as are the photos in the main booklet ( some of which I can't recall having seen before).  Like many, I would have liked to see \\"Vegetable Man\\" included here but, as far as I know that was recorded after \\"Saucerful of Secrets\\" so that combined w/ the Floyd's reluctance to let it see the light of day on an authorised release, make it unrealistic to expect it here.  This is my 3rd time having bought \\"Piper at the Gates of Dawn\\" on CD, having replaced my copy of the original CD with the re-mastered version some years back. As many have pointed out, it is a must-have for fans of psychedelic rock and I can't really see this edition being improved upon.
1932100660|5.0|I'll keep this short and sweet: stop eating animal food, because animal protein and animal fat in dietary amounts will activate the carcinogens already in your body to produce cancer. Period. Man was *never meant* to consume animal food in the amounts he does, to say nothing about the drugs, antibiotics, hormones and the rest of the crap that the animal food industry laces it with. The sooner you eliminate meat, fish, fowl and dairy -- at least in the American diet amounts -- from your diet, the better off you and yours will be.
B000V8I2QU|2.0|First things first, I do like Bruce and his music.  I have almost every album uploaded on my ipod and have seen him in concert.  I am an avid fan, but I will not blindly give 5 stars to anything this (or any artist) puts out.      This is not a return to old glory.  Not even close.  This album plods along with nothing to draw the listener in.  While Bruce apologists will give some knee-jerk reaction that perhaps I didn't give it enough spins and that perhaps I don't get it, or perhaps it's too complex, i'm sorry, but the songs here are just not that good.      \\"Living in the Future\\" is a lazy \\"hungry heart\\" re-write.  Yeah, it's catchy enough, but just doesn't work.  \\"you'll be coming down\\" just lies there.  I never really cared for Radio Nowhere.  Again, Bruce's voice is lost in the mix.  Then there's the line \\"is there anybody alive out there?\\"  Yeah, he used that back in '92.  It just shows evidence that the man is running out of ideas.    Much of the blame falls on O'Brien.  His production is too busy, too muddled to let the E Street band ever get off the ground. Bruce does some interesting things vocally on \\"Girls in there Summer Clothes\\", but that only holds the listener for so long.        The political undertones also fall very, very flat.  While I never really agreed with his politics, I mean, he chose to do an album's worth of cover songs by someone who's flirting with communism for crying out load, I always gave him a pass because he limited his politics to the characters in his songs.  Now with the Vote for Change Tour (hey boss, you lost) and his continuing political speeches, it would be nice to find an escape in his music.  There's nothing there.      Look, no one rocks like Bruce.  Born to Run is one of the best albums of all time.  Heck, i even love Lucky Town, but what started with The Rising, which was a better idea for an album than an actual album itself, continues with Magic.  Bruce swings and misses.
B000UO338W|4.0|ANOTHER Bush album?<br />You can bash Bush all you want, but keep it off the records please. I try not to think about it, until his term is over. Make a Richard Nixon album, that'd be sweet.<br />I like the album though. It has some solid work on it. Head splitting hardcore stuff. I dig the cover of ROADHOUSE BLUES. It is a very interesting take on the song. And I like that the riff (although sped into hyperdrive) is still, basically, the same.<br />I like END OF DAYS, being a head splitter at first, but breaking into the dreary Ministry rant up at the end.<br />I like DEATH AND DESTRUCTION. A pretty nasty slice of hardcore/electronica, and George Bush, saying \\"death and destruction\\" over and over. The track really works.<br />The title track LAST SUCKER is good too. I enjoy the BUsh Bashing on this one.<br />This has been declared as the last album Ministry will ever record. I think any fan of the band will enjoy it. Like just about all MInistry records, I find several songs to be good, in a head splitting sort of way, and at least interesting. I give it four stars. I also think they have another record in them. Cuz no one should go out with a George Bush album.
B0006L16N8|5.0|X and Y is filled with soft rockers that have a sense of heart that is missing in most mainstream music today.  Within the framework of these slow songs are a few faster songs that help the album keep a good pace while giving the album a wonderful sense of direction. X and Y is 12 songs long with one \\"hidden\\" track that was originally written to be on a Johnny Cash record. Since Cash died the band decided the song was too good not to be released and helps give the album a perfect low-key ending. There was only one song I didn't much care for but I may grow into it in time and that is the title track.    Overall, X and Y is a great album and is definitely one of the best releases so far this year. While it contains some of Coldplay's signature sound it continues progressing that same sound forward into new territory.  I would definitely recommend this album to just about anyone other than hard rock/metal fans.
B000Q6GUT8|5.0|Excellent especially in Full Screen to capture full HiDef screen. A NEED TO SEE movie and workings of government.  It will make you seriously wonder what our politicians do behind the scenes.  Wahlberg is excellent in this movie.  Deception at its best.
B00097DX3U|2.0|Audioslave gave soundgarden and rage against the machines fans something to cheer about with their debut. Now they release their sophomore album OUT OF EXILE. The first single Be Yourself is a slow moving but great song. Meanwhile the rest of the album falls flat for the most part.   It opens with the rocker Your time is come which reminds one of the first single from Audioslave's first album. The 2nd track, out of exile, which the album is named after is a pretty good song, but after the 3 aforementioned songs the album is just not that good. There isn't enough originality only the continuation of the same sound throughout. It just lacks any really great songs and if Audioslave continues to release albums (which means they need to release something better than this), this one could be the one overlooked and least listened to by most fans. I was highly anticipating this album but my anticipation turned out to be poorly placed.
B000286S8S|1.0|BEST OF BOTH WORLDS, while showcasing some undeniably powerful music, becomes, in the end, a mean spirited, classless greatest hits collection, meant at elevating Hagar over Roth every chance it gets.  This anthology leaves the fans little doubt that the 1996 debacle of the Hagar firing/resignation (depending on who tells the story) and rehiring of Roth (and then immediate firing) rests solely on the head of Eddie Van Halen.    There's always fierce debate over two incarnations of Van Halen.  Personally, I do not align myself exclusively with either camp, as I am a fan of the band's music made with both frontmen, though I do see the advantages and disadvantages of each.    When Roth fronted them from their commercial breakout in 1978 to the Van Roth's demise in 1985, Van Halen was known for wildly inventive guitar from Eddie, over-the-top vocals and theatrics from Roth, and killer live shows.  Roth was the prototypical rock frontman: a larger than life caricature who embodied all the fratboy tendencies of the party-hearty rock and roll lifestyle.  The genius of David Lee Roth as the prototypical rock and roll front man is his larger-than-life personae, his gonzo rock antics, and his wild, crazy partycentric lifestyle.  Much of the appeal of Van Halen was this larger-than-life frontman.    Roth decided to pursue his own (aptly insubstantial) solo career, and Van Halen brought in Sammy Hagar, frontman to the heavy metal outfit Montrose.  When Hagar replaced Roth, there was, naturally, no way for him to replace Roth as the front man without an image modification for the band.  While Roth was almost a caricature of himself, a party-hearty animal, Sammy Hagar brought a much more down to earth approach to the whole rock front-man scene.     While Van Hagar churned out the slick guitar work the band was known for, they became a much more smooth adult pop sounding band.  The Van Hagar years certainly had as many hits as Roth, Hagar always found himself living in the shadowof his predecessor.  Sammy Hagar was much more of an everyday kind of guy than Roth, and he simply didn't have the larger than life persona that made Roth so appealing to the band's fanbase.  He was the meat and potatoes front man while Roth was the caviar on a yacht out in the Carribean front man.  Each has their strengths.    After the brief marriage and sudden divorce with Gary Cherone as Van Halen's frontman (a move that would cost the band their record contract, alienating the large majority of their fanbase; tellingly enough, nothing from Van Halen III is present here - the best of both worlds indeed), Van Halen lapsed into a musical silence that as of this writing still goes unbroken (save for the obligatory three new tracks presented here).  Everyone wanted a reunion, but they wanted Roth.  Eddie would have none of that.  Instead, he brought Sammy back into the fold for three new songs and a reunion tour.    This compilation is a result of that tour.  After the band never released the \\"Vol II\\" continuation of the 1996 retrospective \\"Greatest Hits,\\" many fans wondered if we'd ever get a good official sampler of Van Halen.  So far, with this addition to the canon, the fans still don't have one.    BEST OF BOTH WORLDS, while it certainly has a well-chosen track selection, plays as just a dirty way for Eddie and the boys to downplay Roth at everystep of the way.  Roth gained the band much of their initial popularity, so there's no way even Eddie can ignore Roth's contributions.  But BOTH WORLDS is a disaster, because it has this stuttering, start-start rhythm as Sammy and Roth continually juxtapose each other, and the album never really gains a flow.  Had it been arranged chronologically, with Dave and Sammy having their own disc, this would be the definitive sampler of Van Halen.  This is the perfect example of how track sequencing can ruin albums and compilations, as this comp has all the biggest VH songs from both frontmen.    As it stands now, however, BESTOF BOTH WORLDS just becomes a petty swipe at David Lee Roth, all at the expense of the fans.  There are no pictures of him in the liner notes (save the album covers), barely a mention of him, and continual, over the top praising and adulation of Sammy Hagar.  Then, to make matters even more insulting, they close out the album with Hagar singing three Roth tunes live.    In the end, BEST OF BOTH WORLDS have all the right things going for it to be a great Van Halen retrospective, featuring the strengths of both incarnations of the band.  But just like the band's career itself, this compilation becomes just another casualty in the midst of ongoing ego wars.  And who really loses?  The fans, that's who.
B000OQF6N6|4.0|Let me start off by saying that most people who hate or dislike this cd come into one of three categories:   1. It's not Mellon Collie, Gish, or Siamese Dream.   2. Its not the Smashing Pumpkins...it's just Corgan and Chamberlain.   3. Billy Corgan's religion or politics (or lack there of) on this cd.     Of course there are those who just don't like the sound of it, which from experience if you don't like Corgan's voice on anything else or his lyrics then why buy a new SP cd. Anyway before i talk about the album i would like to address the 3 main reasons people hate Zeitgeist.     1. If you love only one pumpkins album or only those 3 then tough. There will never be another release like those. In fact Corgan has said in several interviews that he doesn't want to retread the same waters again.  He has even changed songs dramatically so they don't sound too similar to already released pumpkins albums.    2. Well this one actually has a point. James Iha and D'arcy aren't here. They were a part of the original pumpkins and even though they probably didn't have a whole lot of input on most of Sp's albums they did lend a certain bit of fun to them. My main complaint about Zeitgeist is that its  totally serious. There are no fun songs on here and i guess that bit of the Pumpkins is long gone. (Although Machina and Adore lacked a lot of that feeling as well) However, unlike a lot of people i still see this as a pumpkins record because its only BC and JC and as long as its just them then i can forgive the absence of James and D'arcy. Although the new live lineup kicks butt, but then thats another topic altogether.    3. Corgan is weird. His lyrics are cool. His religion is a main part of his life now and a main focus in the music of SP. If you disagree or dislike it then tough. I did however find the lack of any political stance on this album refreshing. It lays out the landscape and the lyrics and lets the listener judge just like every other sp album.     Now finally to the review. Zeitgeist took a few listens but now i have my favorites as well as a couple of songs i dont really care for. Starz, Bring the Light, Doomsday Clock, and Tarantula are favorites. I don't care for Neverlost or Come on lets go(which sounds like a bad Zwan song). The rest of the album is decent and for the most part it brings back nostalgia. It's too bad that 3 of the best songs were left off the album in Steller, Death from Above, and Zeitgeist. These are easily attainable off the net but it would have been nice if they were included all on the same cd. Another great one Gossamer missed the recording process entirely and is now a live only song. Even if you hate the album do yourself a favor and give gossamer a listen. It could be a top 5 SP song of all time easily.     Zeitgeist overall isn't a masterpiece and isn't a so-called return to form, but it does rock pretty hard. It may take a few listens but like all the pumpkins albums it grows on you. A re release with the 3 songs added would be great. However, this isn't going to happen so Zeitgeist is what it is. A very good album thats better than most of the crap thats out there these days. Do yourself a favor if your a Pumpkins or Corgan fan and pick it up if you haven't already and give it a shot to grow on you.
B000002GFC|4.0|Probably one of the best comp. CDs you can buy if you are interested in psychedelic rock, Eric Clapton, classic rock, blues-rock, or any and all of the above.  This famous band, Eric Clapton, Ginger Baker, and Jack Bruce, which formed in the mid 1960s and broke up in the late 1960s, managed to produce some studio albums, couple of live albums, and some flatout psychedelic staples that would prove both enormously popular and enormously influential.    Cream, like any great band, was also wonderfully versatile.  Not only did they do blues and hard-rock, but they did gentle lilting ballads and psychedelic jams.  \\"Spoonful\\", the old Willie Dixon song, is remade into an epic, acid-blues track here.  \\"Tales of Brave Ulysses\\" turns Homer on his head.  \\"Politician\\" has one of my al ltime favorite Clapton riffs.  \\"Wrapping Paper\\", the band's first single, is also sedate but great fun to sing along too.  \\"Crossroads\\", a live track taken from their 1968 double album WHEEL OF FIRE (half studio, half live), is seen by many (including E.C. himself) as Clapton's definitive song.  \\"Anyone For Tennis\\" sounds like an aural twin to \\"Wrapping Paper\\".  For you Beatles fans, George Harrison co-wrote the last track to this album with Eric Clapton, the phenomenal \\"Badge\\", and also played rhythm guitar.    With any major band, there's been a long line of compilations for this band.  This is one of the best ones.  Longer than the Strange Brew comp from the 1980s, aimed at the causal listener looking for a single disc Cream, it's long enough to feature the majority of the most important work.  If I'm not mistaken there's been some more comprehensive comps. released after this, but for a single disc jobber nothing beats this.    For the hard core Cream fans, there will be those who complain some tracks are left off.  Cream only released four albums, so it's just as easy to get them.  But if you're looking for an introduction to the band, this is one of the best places to start.
B000089CJI|5.0|Ben Gibbard, the lead singer and songwriter for Deathcab for Cutie, teams up with several other indie rock stars here to produce a wonderful album. Give Up sounds like Deathcab only in the sense that Gibbards voice is still the same soulful light that it is with his other band. The lyrical content is definitely a lot more upbeat than transatlantism. The Electronic sound of the album can sometimes be distracting, but at the same time it lends the album a steady beat that helps a person escape to Gibbards peaceful world if just for a little while.    The lead singer from Rilo Kiley can also be heard singing backing vocals and was a pleasant surprise when I heard her. While the Postal Service may sound kinda like Deathcab they are definitely their own band and I would recommend Give Up to anyone who liked Deathcab or who likes softer indie rock.
B00004TXR2|5.0|One thing that is good about Pearl Jam is they are not afraid to grow.  They do not stand and milk a formula, but move on, growing as musicans.  NO CODE is their best example of this.  That album recieved the coolest reception of any of them, although personally I like the album.  After going to more upbeat rock `n roll with YIELD, they continue this trend into BINAURAL.    There is only one other album that I know of that does what Binaural does: all the songs sort of blend into one with the others.  EXILE ON MAIN STREET, the Stones' record, does likewise.  There is no Jeremy, Daughter, Better Man, Hail Hail, or Given to Fly.  The tracks that stand out most is the single Nothing as It Seems, Thin Air, Insignificae, and Sleight of the Hand.  But these are still not anthemic tracks.  Instead, they contribute to the entire feel of the album.  The first three songs all sound similar to me.  YIELD was likewise, save Given to Fly.  However, I'm not sure if this is better than YIELD or not.  Soon Forget is a delightful little experiment that is 1:45 long.  Another good thing about this one is this much more of a band effort than their previous albums - there are several tracks that Eddie didn't write any of it.  Indeed, Nothing as it Seems was written solely by Ament.    There is a new drummer onboard.  Pearl Jam changes drummers like Van Halen changes singers.  (Did you hear?  Gary Cherone is out - reportedly, Warner Brothers told the Van Halen brothers get Dave back or they dropped, because of the dismal reaction to the eqaully dismal album VAN HALEN III).  I do not know if this is permanent (in the Pearl Jam drummer sense of the word).  As I understood it, Jack Irons (their drummer for five years) was sick during a recent tour, and they took Mike Cameron in his place - not because of conflicts within the band, but because of Jack Iron's health.    6-8-2000    As time has passed, I've grown to really like this album.  I think Pearl Jam has done a very fine job on this release.  There are few albums that the lyrics just truly stand out - this is one of them (another is Dylan's BLONDE ON BLONDE.  Such surrealistic stuff there it puts Morrison to shame).  Indeed, this is one of my favorite things about this album: the lyrics are outstanding stuff, with pearl jam (reverting back to the vs. days) truly stand out in their written verse.  All in all, excellent record, guys.        They are one of the few bands I respect.  In times of all these damned bubble gum teen bands (Backstreet Boys, Christine Aguilerra, N'SYNC, etc) we have a true band, Pearl Jam, continuing on the 70s rock tradition.  And I say \\"Rock on\\" guys!  If they'd just come to Christ, then we could really have a party!  That is what I am truly praying for.
B000TSIK14|5.0|I'll put in a disclaimer here that no Scorpions CD has ever excited me beyond the hits compilations. For me, they've been a band that can occasionally come up with a good tune, but most of the other tracks on individual records just didn't do anything for me. Further, the juvenile lyrics that permeate most of their songs just don't make them worth listening to.    All that has changed with the 2007 release \\"Humanity.\\" The band sounds more wiser than older, and I am beside myself that they have pulled off such a 180. I was actually laughing out loud at how good this is, proud in a way of what these guys have done. Instantly evident in their maturity is the more intelligent and reflective lyrical content, and an amazingly good updated sound. You read about aging rockers \\"modernizing\\" their sound all the time, but it usually fails because they lose the essence of what their fans enjoy most about them (or the \\"modernizing\\" is an over-statement or sounds forced). Not so with \\"Humanity.\\" The sound of the band is certainly more modern, but all that is good about the Scorpions, including their trademark sound, has somehow been retained and shines through.    The sonic quality on this CD is astounding, and these seasoned rockers sound tons better than their younger counterparts. An urgency and energy comes through in nearly every track. The production team of James Michael and Desmond Child work like a match made in heaven with the Scorpions. Most tracks have a heavier, driving guitar sound, augmented at key intervals with ringing acoustic guitars. Clever harmonies, superb lead guitar work, and great hooks abound. Highlights include the title track (and current single), \\"Hour 1,\\" \\"The Game of Life,\\" \\"The Future Never Dies,\\" and \\"The Cross,\\" all of which form a mini-concept album warning us about the cold advances of technology and the widespread adaptation of the \\"business model\\" dissolving the human spirit of individuals. Long time fans are rewarded with a straight-forwardsalute to rock and roll with \\"321,\\" and those who enjoyed the ballad \\"Winds of Change\\" or \\"Send Me An Angel\\" will equally be turned on by \\"Your Last Song\\" and \\"You're Lovin' Me To Death.\\" The only track that doesn't do much for me is \\"We Will Rise Again,\\" although the title is foreshadowing of what the Scorpions have done with their career here.    More reviews: [...]
B000004286|5.0|I love this soundtrack and movie.  There is so much emotion and feeling in the musical scores.  Each one is similar yet so different from the others.  James Horner does a wonderful job of making you feel the parts through his music and pulls you right in to the emotion and pace of the movie.  This soundtrack is great as well even if you haven't seen the movie.  I highly recommend it!
B000R7HY0K|5.0|[sound of blowing] \\"uhh... hello?  this thing on?  Alright I want everybody in the entire world to stop what they're doing and pay close attention.  Cause I just got something to say to you.  And it goes a little something like this:  Deathproof is not a perfect movie.  It is a blend of a genius premise and a flawed execution.  The women in the movie are all extremely vulgar and grating, unintentionally I believe.  And this is the poor execution that mars the fantastic premise of a guy that mows down a bunch of women with his car -- himself being hospitalized thereafter -- then, as a sort of cosmic irony, is himself busted up real bad by ANOTHER bunch of chicks who kill him with karate moves, right out there on the two-lane blacktop.  This premise is so absurd, so completely, laughably preposterous, so INCONSEQUENTIAL that it is true art.  Deathproof is full of inconsequentiality just as TOP HAT is.  And it, in it's own way, approaches the same ether-sphere of artistic heaven.  Tarantino, through vulgar execution, falls just short of true art in the finished product... but he's definitely a hip, not a square.  And nowadays, the squares they are so many.  And the hips they are so few.  What is it to be a hip?  Is it to wear your pants falling down and your hat on backward and some sunglasses MTV told you to wear?  Hardly.  To be a hip is to see things from a special angle.  The sixties were a failed hip revolution because of the basic flawed implicit idea that the hip perspective and economy can be mass-produced with the aid of psychedelic drugs.  There's nothing wrong with psychedelic drugs, but they don't turn a square into a hip.  Nothing can.  What's that?  What is a square?  Very simple:  A square is a person who, deep down, has no sense of humor.  No, not the kind of humor where you watch Jackass and laugh when the guy does something stupid.  I'm talking about a cosmic sense of humor.  It is this cosmic sense of humor that lets the hip see that at some basic level life is just a riff and a routine, full of buzz and kick and verve.  But the square, he can't see that.  He can't see it even if he's decked out in all the hipster trimmings, over-urbanized, over-socialized, over-surface-ized.  True hips are very rare.  Back in the old days, even the hips were still basically squares.  And real hips, you may not agree with all they come out with.  But you've got to admire it.  Mozart was a hip, though I don't really dig his music all that special.  Stendahl was a hip, Burroughs was a hip, Hunter S. Thompson was a hip.  They all had that basic, cosmic unseriousness that is what transcends this life and reaches into the world beyond.  See, you can't get out of this world with seriousness alone.  And that's where so many religious seekers go wrong.  They think enlightenment can exist without humor.  But it can't.  And you know the old saying, \\"the Lord moves in mysterious ways\\"?  Well, that's just another way of saying that God is a hip.  And if you can't see the joke, can't roll with the punches from that special angle and unlock from yourself just a bit, you could be religious as all get-out but you'll still just be a locked-in square.  So Tarantino, I don't like all your stuff, but I dig the basic groove you're laying down.  And I see that it's a hip groove; and that you're not a square.vel life is just a riff and a routine, full of buzz and kick and verve.  But the square, he can't see that.  He can't see it even if he's decked out in all the hipster trimmings, over-urbanized, over-socialized, over-surface-ized.  True hips are very rare.  Back in the old days, even the hips were still basically squares.  And real hips, you may not agree with all they come out with.  But you've got to admire it.  Mozart was a hip, though I don't really dig his music all that special.  Stendahl was a hip, Burroughs was a hip, Hunter S. Thompson was a hip.  They all had that basic, cosmic unseriousness that is what transcends this life and reaches into the world beyond.  See, you can't get out of this world with seriousness alone.  And that's where so many religious seekers go wrong.  They think enlightenment can exist without humor.  But it can't.  And you know the old saying, \\"the Lord moves in mysterious ways\\"?  Well, that's just another way of saying that God is a hip.  And if you can't see the joke, can't roll with the punches from that special angle and unlock from yourself just a bit, you could be religious as all get-out but you'll still just be a locked-in square.  So Tarantino, I don't like all your stuff, but I dig the basic groove you're laying down.  And I see that it's a hip groove; and that you're not a square.
0316067598|5.0|This war account ranks right up there with Mark Bowden's Black Hawk Down. But, as a friend of 2 of those surviving Army Rangers who continue to suffer as a result of the Battle of Mogadishu, I shudder to think of the psychiatric ramifications for Marcus Luttrell as time goes on. Think PTSD, panic attacks, depression, survivor's guilt, chronic insomnia. I hope the writing of this book ameliorated some of these symptoms and that the love of his family will mitigate the rest but the very choice of titles says it all: this one man IS an island - of pain and guilt.    God Bless You, Marcus, in all the dark nights of your soul.    And know you have educated at least one semi-liberal as to the costs of ROE and the Geneva convention. We need to rethink the ways we handicap our soldiers.
B0007TKH66|4.0|i am a very big fan of star trek and ive gotta say to me it is a very good show and i just bought the 2nd season at suncoast i would reccomend you buy it
0156027321|4.0|I literally just finished reading this book a few minutes ago, and the first thing I did was come to this site to see what others said about it. I think this is going to be one of those pieces that grows on me the further away I get from it, like how I felt about the movie American Beauty, which by the way turned out to be one of my favorite movies after all.     My first feeling after I was done with it was of shock, but the longer I sit here, thinking about it and reading the negative \\"1 star\\" reviews, the more I find myself defending and liking it. All the people that said it was \\"unbelievable\\" in their reviews need to seriously get a grip. This is a work of FICTION, and an interesting and entertaining one at that! When did we start berating artists for creating works that are unbelievable? So should we bad mouth the movie ET for depicting a boy flying around on his bike with an alien, or the Harry Potter series for assuming that there can actually be wizards and witches living amongst us in secret? Come on, those are some of the most beloved works in pop culture history, and they, like Life of Pi, are FICTON. Isn't that why we read and watch fiction? To be entertained with a good story and take our minds off of our mundane lives? Besides, that's exactly what Pi was trying to tell the Japanese men at the end....sometimes we all just need a good story to make us forget all the bad stuff that we have to endure in the real world. At least that's why I enjoy it.    With that being said, I thought the Life of Pi was a very entertaining read. Yann Martel does a great job of infusing his own brand of philosophical musings about God, country and family into a straight good old fashioned piece of adventure themed story telling. If you're squeamish or have a hard time dealing with violence and extreme situations, then you probably won't be able to get too into this book. I found myself grimacing a few times actually, but it's not worse than most of what you find on the Discovery Channel on any given afternoon. Also, if you don't enjoy a fluid, sometimes digressive, often ambling narrative and prefer the style of more straightforward prose such as that of Dean Koontz, then this might not interest you as well.     The only other book I've read recently that reminds me of this one is the very popular Cormac McCarthy Pulitzer Prize winner and Oprah Book Club selection, The Road. They both chronicle the journey of a boy (in The Road's case, a boy and his father) beating unbelievable odds and inconceivable circumstances to try and survive after a catastrophic event. Both are also written in a way that makes you feel as if you are experiencing the distress of the main characters, but in opposite ways. The Road has short, grammatically incorrect sentences that convey the urgency and erratic behavior of the parent and child on the run and trying to stay alive. In Life of Pi, the author sometimes rambles on in a nonsensical way, the same way your brain would function if you were suffering from hallucinations while nearing death on a lifeboat in the Pacific for over 200 days. I think that the authors' styles are what take both of the stories from just a couple of unremarkable novels you'd find in the discount bin, to truly memorable works of art.     In fact, I'm finding it very discomfiting that so many people gave it such bad reviews. I read through some of them, and I think the negative things they had to say about it says more about them than Martel's work. One review says they wish they were illiterate so they wouldn't have had to endure it and it made them vomit and want to scratch their skin off in the shower like a drug addict. Gee...I don't think I have to explain myself on that one. Others said it was boring, which makes me question our society's attention span more than anything because many of those same reviewers said they didn't even finish reading it. These same people are the ones that stopped watching the tv show Lost at the beginning of last season for the same reason. Well, if they would have just stuck around for a little while longer, in both cases, they would have been in for a pleasant surprise.     *Spoiler Alert in this Paragraph only*  Also, a common theme in the bad reviews was their distain for the ending. I thought that the ending was what really made the book something special. While anyone with half a brain would know that his original story had to have been false, whether he knew it or not since his delirium was quite advanced at some of his lowest points, the fact that he actually gives an alternate version of the story to the Japanese men, felt like a big payoff to me. I'm the kinda gal that likes to know what really happened...it helps me to bond with the characters and ultimately enjoy the story more in the end.    I was starting to get really upset with all the \\"1 star\\" reviews, until I did the math. A staggering 78% (as of today) gave it 4 or 5 stars which means they liked or loved it. Well, knowing that at least restored a little bit of my faith in the general public, because though it's not perfect nor the best thing I've ever read, it definitely doesn't deserve to be called horrible.     If you read a lot, like I do, and are looking for a unique story told in a distinctive style, and have an open mind, then definitely give this one a try.
B000TGJ80I|5.0|This is best sounding Blu-ray in my IMO... Picture qualty is great too. definitly a must buy  for audiophiles..
B0000640RX|5.0|What makes me laugh about this is simple, and I've done the same thing before I even saw the movies! If you happen to be sitting around, talking about how you want to see the \\"Rambo\\" movies, you might find out in a hurry that the first one isn't simply called, \\"Rambo.\\" It was and still is a bestseller by David Morrell called, \\"First Blood.\\" I got the box set a few years ago for Christmas without even seeing one of the movies. Now you can probably be certain that this will be more realistic then your typical \\"G.I. Joe\\" episode. So, with another flick coming out sooner or later, supposedly called, \\"John Rambo,\\" enjoy the box set first. There are three movies in the set, and I'll list them in order.<br /><br />First Blood: Ok, this is your \\"Rambo Part I,\\" if you will. This is the introduction to John Rambo, and you don't want to screw with him. I had no clue if this would start right in the middle of 'Nam, or Rambo in Basic Training. But you find Rambo on the streets, and all he wants is to find a place to eat. But the wrong person pisses him off, just ask the Sheriff! He has no idea who he messed with. This is where you get to know Rambo and his Colonel. The classic line is this film has to be, \\"They drew first blood. Not me!\\" The special features on this are excellent. You even see some David Morrell talk about how he came about to write \\"First Blood.\\" Pretty neat!<br /><br />Rambo: First Blood: Part II: Rambo is called back into action by Col. Trautman! He is on the look out for POWs. He is still the perfect killing machine. He still wants to win. It isn't over for Rambo! Everything is personal. Once again, the special features are great. It comes with the documentary, \\"We Get to Win This Time.\\" It makes it worth the money.<br /><br />Rambo III: I'm going to be blunt. If Afghanistan is a sore spot for you, don't watch it. The fact of the matter is, who knew? It's over 20 years later! Get over it already! This is #3 in the box set, and I still enjoyed it. This time Rambo is on a search for Trautman. It gets very interesting. The special features are very interesting.<br /><br />So when you run into Rambo, you'll certainly run into action packed! You don't buy Rambo expecting \\"Mrs. Doubtfire.\\" You expect some great stuff. And some great entertainment! Which is what this is. Love it or hate it, Rambo is going to be around for quite some time. It will always be considered a classic by many. If you want lots of Rambo, then this is for you!Trautman. It gets very interesting. The special features are very interesting.     So when you run into Rambo, you'll certainly run into action packed! You don't buy Rambo expecting \\"Mrs. Doubtfire.\\" You expect some great stuff. And some great entertainment! Which is what this is. Love it or hate it, Rambo is going to be around for quite some time. It will always be considered a classic by many. If you want lots of Rambo, then this is for you!
B000ULQV0W|5.0|Rarely does music fit so perfectly in with a film.  I had a chance to preview the flick in Telluride - Eddie Vetter's voice is perfect with the storyline.  Both have my votes for Oscars.    I don't do reviews normally, but this one blew me away.
B000N4SHOE|4.0|\\"Miss Potter\\" stars Rene Zellweger as Beatrix Potter, creator of the beloved tales of Peter Rabbit and other illustrated tales of animals. Bolstered by capable cast including Ewan McGregor and Emily Watson, and the breathtakingly beautiful locations, \\"Miss Potter\\" is also unique in using animations to capture the imagination of Beatrix Potter.     I won't repeat here her life story as other reviewers have done great jobs below. I only add that some of you might not find what you expect in \\"Miss Potter,\\" where romance plays a major role in the story. We see a glimpse of life of women living about one hundred years ago, and, yes, Miss Potter always has a chaperon, but things go pretty smooth for her from the beginning of the film. Her father and mother are understanding kind of parents, and after all, Beatrix Potter was a successful writer, which meant more options to take for her future. Cultural aspects of her story are not ignored, but not so strong as to prevent us from enjoying its romantic side.    One of the most charming parts of the film is the romance between Beatrix and her publisher Norman played by Rene Zellweger and Ewan McGregor respectively. I don't know why, but chemistry is visible between them, which was somehow missing in \\"Down with Love\\" starring the same players. Two interesting characters played by Emily Watson and Phyllida Law add colors and backgrounds to the character of Norman.    One big thing happens in the middle of the story, and after that the film gets slower and, I'm afraid, weaker in terms of drama. You may not like that change, but I think the film is only trying to be faithful to her life story. Chris Noonan (his last film being \\"Babe\\") could have made the story more dramatic and eventful, but he made a quieter way to wrap up the story, which is probably a wiser course to take. The results are engaging story of Miss Potter, who, like the star playing her, is charming and unique in her own way.
B000UJBYD8|5.0|I have been an avid Cult Fan since the Southern Death Cult. Each CD has been different. Ian and Billy have put together another fine collection with \\"Born into this\\". In my world, there is no bad CULT record. They all rock. The CULT is the most unique band in the world. In this world of me-too bands, the CULT shine in their own way. All bands should take a listen to the CULT so they realize true talent. ON a side note, most people don't know BILLY DUFFY was in a band with MORRISSEY called the NOSEBLEEDS in the late 70's.
B00005JPOO|5.0|This is an excellent little fairy tale - filmed largely in London UK about the trials and tribulations of a young girl (Christina Ricci)searching for love and who has to overcome a physical disability - a pig's snout. It is a gentle comedy whose release has been long delayed - it was shown during the 2006 Toronto Film Festival. I look forward to the DVD
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Simply put, this is the first true E Street Band collection since BITUSA, and the best since The River.  Brilliant songwriting, passionate playing, deft production.  This album will stand next to Springsteen's earlier classics with head held high 10, 20 years from now.  An inspired work from a true talent who continues to explore his gift.  Buy it!
B000QFAJ7S|4.0|I'm listening to \\"Breakaway\\" as I write this, and it is completely different  basically from Kellys new record \\"My December\\". In all reality, this album should've been called \\"Breakaway\\". She completely breaks away from the pop rockiness, easy lyrics about fun-relationships-gone-wrong-by-breaking-things. She gets much more personal. This girl had obviously gone through a lot before this album came out and its obvious. The songs are about betrayal, cheating, lying and heartbreak. All songs are centered on these topics so its kind of a bit much for the listener looking for \\"Breakaway - The Sequel\\". I'm glad Kelly broke away from her Clive Davis roots and made an album pretty brutally honest.<br />She obviously needed to vent and the 13 tracks here prove it.<br />There are obvious flaws in this album, however. The subject matter of the songs gets A BIT TOO MUCH sometimes and you just feel like saying \\"Get over it already!!!!\\", but the truth is, if you got betrayed as she did, I know I certainly wouldnt let go of it easily, and I would need some serious time to let it go.<br />This album is so unconventional as well. Choruses aren't as catchy and memorable as \\"Since U Been Gone\\" and \\"Behind These Hazel Eyes\\", the music arrangements are strange and diverse (\\"Hole\\", \\"Haunted\\") and the lyrics can get really angry (\\"Never Again\\", \\"Haunted\\", \\"Judas\\".)<br />But all the songs are good, and a few gems really shine through here.<br />1. \\"Sober\\" is brilliant. The subtle rise to the powerful ending is great and her voice really is at her best on this track.<br />2. \\"Dont Waste Your Time\\" is also another favourite, it sounds like something off \\"Breakaway\\" and fits perfectly. I could relate to the lyrics so it really is a top notch song that desperately needs to be released as a single.<br />3. \\"Haunted\\" is a new favourite of mine, it is just so different and strange for Kelly. It sounds like Evanescence, but even better. Its also awesome.<br />4. \\"How I Feel\\" is so breakaway ish its crazy! This song is the easiest song to digest for first timers, and its also damn catchy.<br />5. \\"Yeah\\"...is soul-y its cool. Sounds grown up.<br />6. \\"Irvine/Chivas\\" is a track I cant stay away from. Its pretty honest and the rawness of both tracks is a nice finishing touch to a pretty honest album.<br /><br />So I recommend this album definitely to those 8 million people who bought \\"Breakaway\\". Dont let the bad publicity and possible snippets of dark music you hear fool you from not buying this. This is better than the others and makes her previous albums seem like phony-pop.<br />Buy the real Kelly Clarkson.t song to digest for first timers, and its also damn catchy.  5. \\"Yeah\\"...is soul-y its cool. Sounds grown up.  6. \\"Irvine/Chivas\\" is a track I cant stay away from. Its pretty honest and the rawness of both tracks is a nice finishing touch to a pretty honest album.    So I recommend this album definitely to those 8 million people who bought \\"Breakaway\\". Dont let the bad publicity and possible snippets of dark music you hear fool you from not buying this. This is better than the others and makes her previous albums seem like phony-pop.  Buy the real Kelly Clarkson.
B000DWMN2S|5.0|i love this picture,how somebody with his obsession opens a new life to another?, just watch this movie.
B000063147|2.0|This CD is okay, just a bit too screamo for my tastes. Well if you want more guitar driven A7X then get Waking or City. This is okay but just a bit screamo.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|so, yeah, maybe its not as incredible as college dropout and late registration, but this album still does not disappoint me in any way! kanye delivers with catchy beats and tight rhymes, and that's all i need. particularly like stronger (of course), champion, and everythign i am. good life is a banger. only one i don't love is drunken hot girls, which is too bad because i'm a huge mos def fan.   as a bonus, this album doesn't include any lame interludes. hoofreakinray.
B0009K7QZ8|4.0|I ragged on this show to no end when it was on.  Who cares about attractive people and their stupid problems?  This is a glossy piece of junk.      Turns out that person is me, I am embarrassed to admit.  Sure, I got into the show after it was on the air, but I am absolutely and totally hooked.  I am halfway through the second season and had to keep watching to find out whose the drugs were during the episode where Marissa had the birthday party for Trey and it got out of control and a girl overdosed and ended up in the pool.  Oops, spoiler, but this show is like video crack.    But I know why it is.  The acting is quite good, the writing is clever and the reactions of the characters to the sometimes crazy situations on the show are genuine.  I particularly like Kirsten and Sandy.  Sandy isn't self righteous and Kirsten could have been written as a rich bitch, but she isn't.  I like Ryan too.  Sure, Benjamin McKenzie is really nice to look at but his character is interesting and you want to know what he is going to say and do next.  I agree with one of the previous posters.  The kids talk normally and whatever they say isn't overloaded with pop culture references they themselves do not seem to understand and wouldn't make in real life, like on the once good Gilmore Girls or the horrid Dawson's Creek.    Good show.
0451523938|5.0|Evil in people is almost always mixed in with some good.  How often do we hear about a \\"good neighbor\\" who surprised everyone with some atrocity? The challenge of the book for me is to figure out what to feel about the \\"good\\" Dr. Jekyll, who splits out into the heinous Mr. Hyde.<br />The introduction by Nabokov is brilliant, and is illuminating for anyone interested in how Nabokov viewed the problem of human evil and how he constracted his own seemingly morally ambiguous novels.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|The Boss is back!! It has been a very long time since Springsteen has sounded this good. It harkens back to his earlier work with tight lyrics and catchy melodies. The E Street Band is as good as ever. My early favorites are \\"Radio Nowhere\\", \\"Long Walk Home\\", \\"Girls in Summer Clothes\\",and \\"Devil's Arcade\\". This a strong album with a lot of power and energy!!
0446615625|5.0|This is a don't miss book.  Not only has Baldacci created a plot with such twists and turns as to make the reader absolutely giddy, he has created characters that are at once believable and quite amusing.  This page-turner grabs the reader from the first paragraph and keeps the reader turning pages until the last word.
B000SFZ05C|2.0|Coming off the killer Instant Live series (I own every one of them), I was looking for an all out killer album in the \\"Electric\\"/\\"Sonic Temple\\" groove.  How disappointed I was after the first couple of listens. Demo quality production, very tame songs, and Billy Duffy's lead guitar is totally MIA.  There is not one decent solo or even riff on the entire record.    Another thing which struck me, \\"Dirty Little Rockstar\\" cops it's riff directly from the Rolling Stones tune \\"Undercover\\" (check out the sample here: \\"[[ASIN:B000000W68 Rolling Stones-Undercover]]\\").  The overall sound of the album owes more to \\"War\\" era U2 than anything  in the entire Cult back catalog; this album is more power pop than hard rock.    A few more listens softened my disappointment a bit, but not enough to make me reach for this again anytime soon.  If you are a die hard fan like me, you know you're gonna get this album. The \\"Special Edition\\" version with the extra disc for only a few bucks more is the way to go.  Hold off, however, and search zShops/used cds in a few weeks to save some cash.  If you are new to the band, my album recommendation is threefold: \\"Electric\\", \\"Love\\" & \\"Instant Live: Nokia Theatre-New York\\".
B000V8I2QU|5.0|I have about 1500 CDS.  This is my favorite!  Why?    Superb song-writing, great arrangements, but most of all I love the beautiful melodies.  I could go on and on, but I lack words to describe how great these songs are.  You just have to hear the album!!!
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Let's face it, where Bruce Springsteen's concerned, for an album to match the greatness of some of his earlier works, it has to be better than 90% of ALL music, which isn't an easy feat. \\"The Rising\\" was a great album, but living within the shadows of the former World Trade Center, it was just too damned depressing to listen to. Finally, the Boss has gotten back together with the E Street Band, and come up with something we can work with.    \\"Magic\\" really IS magic. How else can a bunch of guys like these go back and recapture the essence of what they were doing 35 years ago, and yet still make it fresh and relevant today? With Asbury Park lying in ruins like a long-rotting corpse washed up along the Jersey shore, these guys go back and build for the future with the magic of the past. Maybe Madame Marie was right all along? Maybe the boardwalk life's through, but that doesn't mean we can't remember and enjoy the ghosts of our past (and \\"Girls in their summer clothes\\") while \\"Living in the Future\\". Thank God, none of this has happened yet...
B000URDEB0|5.0|I love the old Nightwish and Tarja, but I like the new Anette sound as well. Her voice isn't even close in terms of power, but it is nice and sounds good with the music. I don't dislike any of the songs on this album (rare I know) and I think Anette will be even better on the next album. Nightwish still rocks!
B000A3XYZA|2.0|In spite of my personal love for most Glyndebourne productions, this Rodelinda does not really fill my expectations.  Nice scenaries and lavish costums.  However, the major drag here are... the singers (!!!????)... and William Christie conducting a reduced chamber orchestra (The Age of Enligthment)without enough stamina.  It is difficult to believe that this is the same team that staged the brilliant Glyndebourne Giulio Cesare.  Andreas Scholl disapoints me here, he does not match the art of Michael Chance in the same role for the the Bayerische Staatsoper`s version of Rodelinda (also on DVD).  Although his voice is beautiful and spotless (I think he is a great singer and... by the way... a great individual as well) for some reason he lacks of passion and seems unattached to the drama.  Believe me I put the best of my efforts to like his singing but I could not. Who said that barroque operas have to be passionless?  The same opinion goes to Mrs. Antonacci when compared to her Bayerische's counterpart Dorotea Roschman (Sp?).  The sound in the Bayerische version is much better too, denser and at a faster pace fitting to the action on stage.  Sorry but my personal opinion is that this Glyndebourne's Rodelinda is slower and boring compared to the Bayerisches one.
B0002CHIJW|4.0|Forget about what you heard..this movie is freaking AWESOME! Camille Keaton managed to play a role back then that women get Oscars for now. I went into this movie with extremely low expectations, but I'm glad to say that this movie exceeded those low expectations. First of all, being a rape survivor myself, I was very apprehensive about watching this movie after the things I heard regarding the rape scene which I did find pretty harsh. The truth of the matter is, this type of thing happens more frequently than people think. These 4 men took a gorgeous woman, who was minding her own business trying to write a novel in the peacefulness of the wilderness, and they damaged her for no reason. I'm sorry, but I couldn't help but root for Jennifer after she began seeking her revenge knowing full well all these men deserved what they got. Secondly, let me just say that these men had to be the dumbest men on the planet because they walked right into these attacks with their eyes wide open. How could they honestly believe that a woman they raped and brutalized came back to seduce them for more? OH! The ending is my favorite. I had to give the girl a big round of applause for that, and if you wanna know what I mean see the movie. Third, people keep complaining, but this movie was made back in the 70's without a huge budget. Back when people actually had to act out a movie because there weren't any computers or special effects to distract you from the dumb storyline or talentless actors. Back when people didn't get paid 30 gazillion dollars just to show their faces on the screen, or 35 gazillion dollars just to die in the first scene. Frankly, I think this movie is a cult classic. My only pete peeve is that everytime they make a movie about big city people coming to the South for relaxation they get victimized by dumb rednecks or mountain men ala \\"Deliverance\\" style. Fourth, don't believe the hype, this movie is not horror by any means, so please don't watch this expecting to see Ms. Voorhies because you'll be seriously disappointed. Fifth, you have people comparing this to \\"The Brave One\\". Frankly, I don't see how the 2 compare. Jodie Foster gets attacked with her boyfriend who dies as a result, and then she turns vigilante/murderer ordaining herself in charge of stopping all the injustice in the city. I'm sorry, but what does that have to do with this movie? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING! I'm saying this not to be rude, but don't be misled by that comparison either because in my opinion it's not accurate. Lastly, before I make my exit, it is my recommendation that you must see this movie, and if not for the rape scene, watch it to see justice served, or should I say, revenge served cold as ice.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I love this movie.  My 11 year old daughter and I have watched it several times in a week and we still enjoy it every time.  The acting is superb, the dialogue is wonderful and we have fallen in love with the characters.  I highly recommend it!
B000002VCO|5.0|AMMONIA AVENUE is a great treatise by the Alan Parsons Project concerning how human behavior has become more antisocial, and how people as a whole have become more isolated from each other over the years. I've observed this happening in various programs I've been in, as peers and neighbors, some of the latter of whom had a \\"nimby\\" (Not In My BackYard) attitude towards people with disabilities, sided with authority figures against me. This problem was particularly bad in my program in Connecticut, because I lived in an upper-middle-class neighborhood where people were afraid that we were \\"taking over their town\\", and the press were particularly hard on us, leading to my opposition to journalist shield laws. These people could have learned a thing or two by buying and listening to this CD, which sends the message that if we have negative attitudes towards others, it will destroy us in the long run. Some reviewers said that Parsons was moving too far towards pop on this album, and that may be true, but that doesn't take away from the lyrical message the album sends to people. Any fan of the Alan Parsons Project, as well as anyone who has ever disliked anyone \\"different\\", should own this CD.
B000RG1FMO|5.0|I don't really need to write a long paragraph to sum up this album from Kanye.  It is truly what hip-hop needs in a time where most lyrics center around violence and sex.  This album is filled with inspirational music and music that can pump you up for anything in your life.  I must say that of the 13 tracks, I love 12 of them, with just one track being \\"ok\\" for me.  That's forgiveable considering Kanye released an album with no fillers.  A lot of people love the track I'm not a fan of, so it's simply a matter of taste.  If you are looking at this album and considering a purchase, do yourself a favor, and buy yourself a piece of real hip-hop.  Filled with high production values, good lyrics, and some of the most creative beats in the past few years, Graduation has something for everyone.
B00007KWHP|5.0|Virtuoso keyboard player Rick Wakeman debuts on FRAGILE, adding more instrumental skill to Yes' already complex sound and style. His keyboard style fits perfectly with Jon Anderson's high tenor voice, Steve Howe's Chet Atkins-like guitar work, and Chris Squire's highly melodic bass, giving the band a very futuristic sound for its time. The bandmembers' opposition to Indonesia's trumped-up 2005 drug-smuggling conviction of a young Australian tourist makes FRAGILE an essential purchase for both your ears AND your conscience.
B00005ASGG|3.0|This is a fun movie but no 7 on the all time list?????????????who is paying you for this placement??
B000002J6F|5.0|MANASSAS is a great double album by Stephen Stills with an all-star band of California's finest musicians, divided into several multipart suites. Each suite has a general theme; \\"The Raven\\" is Latin-flavored, \\"The Wilderness\\" is oriented towards country and bluegrass, \\"Consider\\" has a folk-rock sound, and \\"Rock & Roll Is Here To Stay\\" is basicalliy a blues-rock suite. However, there is overlap in styles between all of the suites, so it would be foolish to say that the album is divided by themes. MANASSAS is now available on one CD, which is great, because it's much more manageable this way, given its length. The fact that all of the band's members, especially Stills and Chris Hillman, are opposed to some countries' practices of convicting foreign tourists for trumped-up crimes makes MANASSAS an essential purchase for both your ears AND your conscience.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|I'm a long time fan of the The Boss, and while I enjoyed his \\"side projects\\" like \\"Devils and Dust\\" and \\"The Seeger Sessions\\", I was hoping for a return to the \\"traditional\\" E Street Band sounds this time and am delighted with this CD. While Springsteen CD's are always excellent. there is usually a track or two that are weaker than the rest. This time around, I can't think of any \\"duds\\". Some reviews I have read are less than enthusiastic about the \\"Beach Boys\\" influence on \\"Your Own Worst Enemy\\" and \\"Girls in Their Summer Clothes\\". I did a double take when I first heard them, but they have grown on me. I suspect some of the reticence is that it's a sound that Bruce has not tried before. At an age (58) where he could just be resting on his laurels, cranking out the same old stuff, it;s cool to hear him still experimenting. For me, the last three songs (Last to Die, Long Walk Home, and Devil's Arcade) are the \\"heart\\" of the CD. Can't wait to hear them live!! I hope this CD gets the popularity it deserves, and I suspect it will. It's nice to hear that Bruce and the E Street Band is still \\"Alive Out There\\"
B000V8I2QU|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised by this one.  I am glad Bruce did some of his side projects (folk music in particular) and then decided to come back to what he really does best---writing great songs with the E Street Band.  Further than that, though, this seems (so far...after a number of listens) to be a better batch of songs than The Rising.  Many of these songs really have that classic, piano-sax-rhythm guitar E Street jam feel to them...one song sounds very very close to \\"Tenth Avenue Freezeout\\", but I had no problem with that...I love that groove!!! And the first single, Radio Nowhere, is just impeccable...rocking guitars, nice vocal work, tight arrangement that just grabs you...I love it! So obviously I recommend this; I didn't give it 5 stars just because there are a few so-so songs.  It seems like many artists these days overload their albums with songs (probably to fill up the length of the CD and give the consumer more for their money) but it tends to decrease the overall quality and feel of albums, in my opinion.  Regardless, Bruce is a true artist who knows what he does best and I am very glad he decided to make this an E Street album!!        Well, I assume from all the \\"unhelpful\\" votes here, people are having issues with the production and mixing of this album.  I personally love the \\"wall of sound\\" here, it may not be what you're used to from Bruce but I personally love the homage to the Beach Boys (and others) on this album.  If you give this CD more than a few listens, you will find some great songs here.  I still stand by my statement that this is song for song better than the Rising and easily his best in many years.
1593974744|5.0|This book made for a great bus ride to work. Easy to follow and can't wait to watch it play out in my head again.
B000UR366S|5.0|Joni has been away from the music business for some time.  I've listened to the CD at least twice.  Joni is clearly disturbed and important things are said about the destruction of the environment, war, overdevelopment etc. The Music is colorful and ambient.  I am now on my fourth listen of this CD and continue to uncover more things.  In a corporate congomerate age, it's always a pleasure to listen to someone like Joni who has alternative views.
B000MRAAJM|3.0|After reading the reviews on the BBC version of Planet Earth, I wished I had bought this one..I bought the American version from the Discovery Store ( Blu-ray disc ) and paid $105.00. I was disappointed to find out that this blu-ray is recorded in 1080i and not a 1080p format..I get a 1080i signal from my cable provider and could have recorded these episodes on to my DVR from the Discovery channel..I also noticed that the volume fades in and out on every disc..Has anyone else bought this from the Discovery Store? Are you having the same problems? I am thinking of sending this back and getting a refund, and ordering the BBC version from Amazon..  BTW/ I have a 52\\" Sharp Aquos full 1080p and use a PS3 for my blu-ray discs.I also use a Sony surround system for my audio..Just a bit disappointed with this version of PE..
B000056NX5|5.0|Superstar is the only opera that I am aware of that is written for modern instruments.  The music, lyrics, and story are all excellent and this is a quality production.  My father, who is a serious opera buff and who hates 'rock and roll' loves this DVD.  I like heavy metal music and I love this DVD.  It doesn't matter if you are religious or not; this is simply great music and a compelling story.
075640407X|5.0|Super!  Had to wait for my husband to finish it, and then understood why I didn't see or hear him for three days!  Awesome read.  Can't wait for the next one!
B000VBJEEG|4.0|irst off let me preface this review by saying I am not the biggest fan of Pixar. I feel that that previous story lines have been weak. Even though Pixar's movies have always been somewhat entertaining, they've never reached the the level of classic Disney animation and storytelling. However, with Ratatouille, I saw a story that begins to rival classic Disney movies such as Dumbo and Pinocchio.<br /><br />Ratatouille is directed by, Academy Award(tm)-winning director Brad Bird (The Incredibles<br />Get 5 DVDs for 49 cents each with membership!<br />) it is the ultimate tale of finding discovering and being true to yourself.<br /><br />Despite his family's objections Remy, the rat, sets out of fulfill his dream of becoming a chef and enjoying the finer things in life. His dreams seem to be within reach when he ends up living beneath the restaurant of his culinary hero, Augusted Gusteau. Remy quickly forms a bond with Linguini, the garbage boy. Without revealing too much Remy and Linguini's adventures turn the Paris food scene upside down.<br /><br />In true Disney/Pixar storytelling Remy learns about friendship, family and to be true to oneself.<br /><br />The computer animation from Pixar is once again simply amazing. It seems that with every film Pixar takes computer animation to a new level (including a new cg effect called squashy and stretchy). I wouldn't be surprise if this cg effect was used in more Pixar films. Pixar has always paid attention to detail, and this time they really did their homework. The city of Paris has never looked so beautiful on the silver screen and the 3D food makes your mouth water and your stomach growl.<br /><br />Ratatouille is definitely a movie for all ages, and is as touching and moving as any Pixar picture movie has ever been (this reviewer even got a little choked up and teary eyed by the film ending scene<br />Hidden Mickey Alert<br /><br />Be sure not to keep an eye out for the hidden Mickey. Hint - Linguini will help you find it.it.
B000E1MXSW|5.0|Fred Zinnemann's dramatic personal story of a young nun, Sister Luke, reveals in compelling details the world that most of us don't know at all - the world of the women who give up everything, their material possessions, families, and relationships to pledge their lives to God. Based on the true story of former nun Marie Louise Habets, made in Rome, Belgium and the Congo jungles, the film follows Audrey Hepburn's Gabrielle Van Der Mal/Sister Luke from its early sequences of the pious cloistered life behind the convent walls, through harrowing scenes in a mental asylum, to her dream assignment in the missionary Congo hospital, and back to Europe when World War II had broken out and the nuns were forbidden by the order to take sides. \\"The Nun's  Story\\" is magnificent and touching. It is excellent in every department, but its brightest star is Audrey Hepburn who carries the film effortlessly in every scene as strong-willed, passionate, and devoted Gabrielle/Sister Luke. This story of her ultimate rebellion against vows of obedience versus her calling as nurse and supporting the resistance movement in Belgium torn by war was deservingly one of the big box-office hits of the 50s.<br /><br />Fred Zinneman never denied or was ashamed of being a Hollywood director, \\"I will always think of myself as a Hollywood director, not only because I grew up in the American film industry, but also because I believe in making films that will please a mass audience, and not just in making films that express my own personality or ideas. I have always tried to offer an audience something positive in a film and to entertain them as well.\\" His best films are well scripted, flawlessly crafted, and memorably acted. In this regard, \\"The Nun's Story\\" is a typical Zinneman's film.
1932100385|5.0|This is one of the best books on nutrition for the professional and the lay persons.
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|I can see where some reviewers on here would judge this CD harshly...they are expecting Annie to churn out the same thing over and over just to satisfy them when she has always put out albums that reflect her own vision to satisfy her own creativity, not to satisfy fans or people who expect another Bare(you know who you are), Diva, Sweet Dreams, or Here Comes the Rain Again. Those days are gone, people, get over it.  Ms. Lennox has put out another fine effort that showcases fine production, song writing, and of course her fabulous voice that seems to get better with each CD, if that's even possible.  I just listened to it for the first time and actually my favorite is Dark Road, but I'm sure as I keep listening to it closer new favorites will emerge.  Annie is never going to please everybody, and she never will, but those of us who appreciate a true artist who writes her own lyrics and music and performs it beautifully every time and doesn't listen to critics, record execs or whining fans gets my love and respect every time!  You go, Diva!
B000OLGCI4|1.0|I had anticipated this for many months, and am now disappointed. I noted the cropping to make it \\"widescreen\\" -- even though I understand that it was \\"masked\\" to be shown that way in theatres, as many theatres did. Both versions should be included -- is Disney ignoring today's media trends?     I went and bought the old 1999 version from a used seller instead, and I recommend that if you're a true Disney animation fan, then you do the same. Cutting off characters' heads for the sake of our HD TVs is not an improvement, and this isn't the 1970s or 1980s anymore. We have choices now, and Disney should be following suit.
0307237699|4.0|I am particularly struck by the contrast of Obama and George W. Bush.  Obama stays in touch with the masses by talking in air terminals and wherever he finds them in public.  Jim Wallis (author of \\"God's Politics: Why the Right Gets It Wrong and the Left Doesn't Get It\\") comments from his meeting the President:<br /><br />\\"And he (George W. Bush) really did listen, more than presidents often do. He also asked questions. One sounded lofty, yet it resonated with those of us seated around the room: 'How do I speak to the soul of America?' My answer to that was simple: Focus on the children. Their plight is our shame, I told him, and their promise is our future. Reach them and you reach our soul. Bush nodded in agreement. The conversation was rich and deep for more than an hour and a half.<br /><br />When the discussion officially ended, Bush moved around the room, talking with us individually or in small groups for another hour. I could see that his staff was anxious to whisk him away (cabinet appointments were being made that week and there were key departments yet to fill). Yet he lingered and continued to ask questions. At one point, he turned to me and said, with what I could only read as complete sincerity, 'Jim, I don't understand poor people. I've never lived with poor people or been around poor people much. I don't understand what they think and feel about a lot of things. I'm just a white Republican guy who doesn't get it. How do I get it?'\\"<br /><br />Here, in Obama's book, Obama is an ordinary American who has entered a lofty position in Washington, but he has not forgotten the people, not only the people of America, but of Indonesia and Kenya as well.<br /><br />Obama's style is assertive, with a stunning line or two for each chapter.<br /><br />Still, I believe Obama isn't spot on.  When he speaks of hope, for example, the word opportunity would be more exacting and prospective.  While Obama speaks of compromise, it would be appropriate to examine areas of agreement, but work towards independent solutions rather than compromise.nt solutions rather than compromise.
0316018953|4.0|\\"12, not 24 \\"<br /><br />With the same intensity of the popular TV series 24, this Harry Bosch story moves with high tension compressed into twelve hours of non-stop action.  When Bosch is called to investigate a murder at 1 a.m., he is drawn into a theft of radioactive material by the victim.  The FBI and Homeland Security involve themselves in the murder probe, and Bosch finds himself pitted against government agents intent on taking the case away from him.  His experience and intuition lead him to see through devious misdirections by the killers, and he must use all his skills to save his job and track down the perpetrators of an ingenious crime.  A thrill-ride well worth the reading.
1582701709|5.0|Many lives by it. Millions are reading it. The latest self help book claims we can change our lives by thinking. But this 'new thought' may just be another new version of NLP and the power of the subconscious. No matter what, it doesn't hurt to read and apply since all of it is positive. Gave many of it as gifts and even recommending it for my meirc trainees in dubai.
B000TEUSJU|1.0|This is possibly the most disgusting pornographic movie ever made, which  tries to get people interested in ancient Roman history to buy it.  It is nothing but graphic hedonistic porn from start to finish.  It's a slick way for the porn industry to spread their filth where it otherwise would not be able to.  If you are a Christian, stay very far from this movie.  It will sicken you as it did me.     I bought it only because Peter O'toole is in it.  I cannot for the life of me imagine why Peter O'toole agreed to be in this filthy movie.    I have marked on this movie case: smut, porn, filth; not worth watching.
0790731509|2.0|\\"Cool Hand Luke\\" is one of those heavy-handed 1960s message films - set in a rural southern prison it features brutal guards and sensitive, misunderstood prisoners.<br /><br />These prisoners are meant to be tough but you get the feeling they would be eaten alive today. Paul Newman is excellent as always and the sole reason for watching this film. George Kennedy won an Oscar for his performance but it is forced and mannered by today's standards.<br /><br />Wildly over-praised this film begins to drag pretty quickly and builds to a predictable conclusion.
B000URDEB0|5.0|I must be honest and say that I was not much of a Nightwish fan while Tarja was around. The music/lyrics were always impressive, but I just wasn't into her vocals, so I was extremely happy to hear that they'd get a new leading lady. Anette most definitely cannot pull of something that Tarja could, but I think the same can be said vice versa.     To put it simply, the album is a masterpiece. TPATP is so grandiose that I wondered how anything can follow this song and measure up to it. They pulled it off though, there's absolutely no filler, just a straight forward album. The orchestration is breathtaking and Anette's, as well as, Marco's vocals are excellent.     5 stars without a doubt.
B000UCEJEQ|4.0|I feel like I need to respond to the negative reviews.  I didn't expect that kind of feedback from people who sound like they're fans of Annie.  She puts her heart and mind totally into a project and gets slammed.  Nice.  I listened to this for a week before release on VH1 and was just blown away.  Her writing and voice are continuing to improve with age.  The music is beautifully produced.  Thank you Annie for the joy you give me with your music.  The haters can suck it.
0307387178|5.0|I've just finished reading this book , i truly enjoyed it and was overwhelmed and touched by the charecter McCandless . I recommend  this book to everyone who needs to escape the daily routine and take a trip into the wild. The writer has an eye for details .
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Simply the best series Fox ever sabotaged. Rumor has it there's to be a Serenity 2. We live in hope.
B00005JPWF|4.0|Writer and director Sean Penn recreates the story of Chris McCandless, a disaffected young man whose story was made famous in Jon Krakauer's book of the same title. After graduating from Emory University in Atlanta, McCandless gave away his savings of $24,000 to OXFAM, burned the last few bills in his wallet, left his wealthy family without a word, and then found his way to the Alaskan wilderness after bumming his way across the country and giving himself a new name, \\"Alexander Supertramp.\\" His body was eventually found by some moose hunters in an abandoned bus in remote Alaska, along with some books and notes, where he either starved to death or poisoned himself by accidentally eating toxic plants. This film is long at 145 minutes, and at times Penn romanticizes McCandless as the hero who rejects the evils of society. He was also a confused young man acting out his anger against his dysfunctional parents. This is a good film about a fascinating story that has continued to garner controversy and attention since Krakauer made it famous. A single note that was found with McCandless's body provides a very fitting moral to his tragic end.
B0006GANOQ|5.0|This was definitely worth the money and a hard item to find these days but I am very happy with the purchase
038572179X|5.0|Many reviews of praise have previously been entered for this book.  I agree with them.  Quite simply, this book may be one of the best I've ever read.  And what makes it even better is that it's great literature that is also very, very readable.<br /><br />McEwan devotes about the first 100 pages to character development.  Conceivably, that might become quite mundane to read, but I found myself drawn in, interested enough to keep reading, wanting to know more.  I was richly rewarded by a wonderful, astounding story.  The characters became so real to me I genuinely cared about them.  I found myself relating to them personally, feeling their frustrations and anguish as events spiraled out of control.  As 13 year old Briony's crime was beginning to develop, caused by youthful naievete, ignorance, and immaturity, I found myself wanting to just reach into the pages and strangle the girl to stop her from carrying out a great, irreparable injustice against innocence.<br /><br />The stories within the story are told largely through the presentation of the psychology of the characters, through introspection and self reflection, presentation of their thoughts, hopes, dreams and despair.  Anyone expecting to find large amounts of dialogue between the characters will be disappointed.  It's simply amazing how McEwan's writing was able to absorb me into the mind of each character and how he presented the reality of their worlds and environments so eloquently.  There is an incredible depth to it all.<br /><br />In the end there is a twist of irony, somewhat shocking to me when I read it, even disappointing; however, upon reflection it all made sense and was quite appropriate.<br /><br />I give Atonement my highest recommendations.
B0002ZDVEU|5.0|Had been looking to add this to my collection of movies.  Search around at brick an mortar stores but none were available.  Checked on Amazon, good price and ordered it. One month later I finally received it.  I shipped from northern California to Southern California and took over 3 weeks. Not impressed with Amazons shipping methods and time.
0805079831|5.0|Like some others on here, I began reading this and found it hard to stop to do anything else.  It's a VERY compelling read, and a very sobering one.<br /><br />I remember learning about economics departments' purge of those who did not accept the Friedmanian dogma that economics is a science, or that the (outrageous, ungrounded, and sometimes flatly false) allegations of Friedman constituted revelations of its laws. I also lived in England while Thatcher and her band of thugs schemed to destroy the unions, fouled higher education, and bribed residents of council housing to shore up her party's political future. It seemed like a nightmare; after reading Klein's description of the consequences of imposing shocks on the populace, I understand better both why it felt that way, and why it WAS that way.<br /><br />Klein manages to put a lot of things together, and thus to make coherent sense of what may have seemed like altogether disparate events, and coincidences. Her account of the Bush plan to 'hollow out' the government strikes me as particularly apt, and especially terrifying.<br /><br />I have read a lot of good books this year, among them ones I thought were very illuminating about the Current Mess (Blood Money, Blackwater, Fiasco).  I'd rank this one in the top tier.
B00023B1LC|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie.Matt Damon is fabulous.It is the best one of the Bourne trilogy,and I've seen all of them.There is suspense,action,a good story,a lovely romance and best of all hottie Matt Damon.
B000DZIGDU|4.0|Hate the war but love the soldier...or at least try to understand how good men can willingly be turned into killers who will shoot whatever they are told to.<br /><br />Jarhead seems to move back and forth between pointing out how the military is designed to create mindless, order-following killing machines, and then examining soldiers' frustration at not killing anyone. The scene with them cheering the battle scenes in Apocalypse Now is ironic in the extreme.<br /><br />The narrative moves well, even during the war-is-hellish-boredom parts. What lifts this film to a higher level are Gyllenhall's excellent performance (along with Foxx and most everyone else) and the stunning cinematography of the second half.<br /><br />The flaming oil fields and their resultant chaos are grippingly weird, making a strong but silent point about why we send our kids to die halfway around the world for the benefit of rich old men who don't give a damn about them. This film succeeds when it lets you get inside the heads of certain characters who have stopped thinking but can't stop feeling; it rarely judges the soldiers, instead showing their humanity and confusion when turned into automatons.<br /><br />My father was in the military, and he made me promise never to enlist, saying, \\"Their goal was to make me stop thinking completely. If we thought about it, why would we want to kill fathers and brothers and sons who are just like us, but born somewhere else?\\"<br /><br />Thus the term \\"jarhead\\"; the jar is emptied of Christian compassion for every one of God's children, and refilled with bloodlust.<br /><br />This is a much more subtle film in many ways, despite its graphic nature, than most reviewers here want to accept. The scene with the horse is absolutely perfect, saying so much with a simple, heart-breaking picture.<br /><br />Life isn't always \\"you're with us or against us\\"; sometimes it's \\"you're with us until we don't need you any more.\\" Jarhead does a good job of making that and many other points.
B000SO7OM0|5.0|The title \\"Nights from the Alhambra\\" suggests the possibility of Moorish musical exotica from our favorite Celtic songbird, but while the Alhambra was the site of her concert in Spain, the music is her own from the Emerald Isle.  Although occasionally there is some rhythmic and harmonic hint of an Eastern musical genre, it is only enough to leave you wishing for more. Some of the songs are familiar from previous recordings, but those we haven't heard before have the same beautiful, haunting characteristics of Loreena's melodic lines and harmonic patterns. This two-CD and DVD set is pure treasure for McKennitt fans.  I do suggest that you listen to the CDs first and save the DVD for dessert, because the visual performance is so stunningly beautiful that later listening to CD audio alone might be an anticlimax.
B000002U9L|5.0|I always wanted it and now I have it!! Now that I do have it, I feel a hell of a lot happier. It came in on time and just when I needed some cheering up!
B000NDIAWY|5.0|Brandi Carlile's sophmore album is just as rich and powerful as her first, and she proves she will be around for a long time.     Although there are hints of Indigo Girls and Melissa Ethridge in her vocal quality, her voice and style are truly unique. It seems like she really came into her own on this second album, and although I consider her first one of my favorite albums, I would say this one is even better!  Her lyrics are captivating and you will love this CD more and more each time you play it....it just grows on you! I can't recommend this CD highly enough.     Also, if she's ever playing in your area, do not miss out...I saw her perform last night in Irving Plaza, NYC and she was outstanding!!! The audience was blown away (as was my friend who went with me and had never heard her music before....she bought both CDs and is hooked)!      I can't wait to hear more music from this extremely talented artist!!!
B000MR9D5E|4.0|The jungle video in Planet Earth was an interesting part on the planet earth movie. Something that was good about it was that the jungles are 3% of or earth, but it can hold up to half of the worlds species. In the jungle one of the animals favorite foods to eat is figs. Figs are eaten by most of the animals in the jungle. One thing i found out was that frogs lay their eggs above ground because there is more food above ground. Over all i think that you should buy this movie
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Here's how I listen to a new album by Bruce Springsteen: with earphones, first time straight through, simply trying to get the lay of the land, picking up echoes of past tracks, the distinctive build of a Springsteen song - from lean to thicker, more layered sounds, Steven comes in, two-part harmony, then the full choir of harmonic voices and instrumentation, the glockenspiels, maracas, a Farfisa, bells, the works, major-chord progressions. Which voice? Raw Jersey bar blues belter? Woody/Country? Dylanesque? Shout-rock? Picking up some new touches, anomalous twists - hey, that sounds like the vamp from \\"Paranoid Android,\\" and in the same key! - and so on. Three-quarters of the tracks strike me as each reminiscent of five other tracks from earlier albums. A first overall impression: \\"It seems melodically tired.\\"<br /><br />But this is how it always begins. (OK, not always: not The Rising. The 9/11 connections were too vivid, too moving.)<br /><br />Then I listen again. The hooks really hook. The songs rock, kick ass. The ballads are affecting, poignant. The title track is haunting; the production sparkles. But mostly, it's the Band playing tutti, in full din. The wall of sound punches holes in my chest. Something begins to move around, swell inside my gut.<br /><br />There's inevitably a track I can't get out of my head - the refrain stays with me the entire next day, \\"The girls in their summer clothes...pass me by...\\" I try, but I can't chase it away. Once it gets going, it's hard to concentrate on my work. I slip the pod out and try it in the dock as background music. Mistake: more than distracting. It takes over. The huge recorded sound sounds remarkably like the huge concert sound. And I'm locked in...only picking up snatches of lyrics except for the bell-clear title track and the hidden one, \\"Terry's Song.\\" But it's the sound, passing through me and continuing to reverberate in the dead space between tracks, until the next song begins. That sound, mostly thick major chord progressions, open strings, key of D or capo'd for open strings, familiar, yet new. It's that Brendan O'Brien again. How does it stack up against the others? It doesn't matter. It's brilliant.<br /><br />OK. I'm in the tank for Bruce. Same age. Jersey. Asbury. Boardwalk. Convention Hall. Certainly at the same concerts in '66, '67 - Doors, Airplane, Mitch Ryder, The Who. I've been down a lot of those backstreets, broke free in a '57 Chevy, all that. Still, I don't want to give him a pass. But by the third play, the music has taken over, and now I'm not going to listen to anything else for a while, except perhaps to go back to the beginning, to Greetings, and work my way all the way through everything. Again.<br /><br />We try to resist, try to push this experience into the cognitive side of the brain, rationalize it, pick the tracks apart. It's no good. HE's too good. He goes straight for the affective hemisphere, to the emotional center. Listen to what he says about writing this stuff. He knows exactly what he's doing, knows exactly how it's going to hit us, both on record and in the arena and the stadium. (No one - NO one - can be that intimate with 90,000 stomping baby boomers. And he's got the best sound men in the business.) I don't want to be manipulated that easily. But I suppose I do.<br /><br />So, yeah, Magic is brilliant, maybe the best since The River. But again, what does it matter how it stacks up? Anything that gives this much pleasure doesn't need to be compared to anything else.<br /><br />Others have talked - Bruce himself has talked- about the anger, the disappointment, the rage that underlies some of these songs. (See A.O. Scott's very nice piece in the 30 September NY Times.) Lots of familiar influences - Dylan, Van Morrison, Spector. And there are indeed some new influences - or at least new echoes, of Stephin Merritt/Magnetic Fields (\\"Girls\\" might almost one of the 69 Love Songs, although it's legit to ask \\"who's influencing whom?\\")and, briefly, Radiohead in \\"Magic.\\" (Radiohead's downloadable In Rainbow is splendid! But for a very different taste.) The band remains in superb form. There's a lot of the Big Man throughout. It's another very Catholic record (as is the album iconography). And all those surf guitars, Spectoresque walls of sound, Max pumping away like mad (you can see him, can't you? No drummer has posture that ramrod straight. Max's \\"signature posture\\"?).<br /><br />But it's the sheer shimmering, buzzing, thumping, soaring, anthemic pop rock sound of it all that lingers and lingers and lingers...adable In Rainbow is splendid! But for a very different taste.) The band remains in superb form. There's a lot of the Big Man throughout. It's another very Catholic record (as is the album iconography). And all those surf guitars, Spectoresque walls of sound, Max pumping away like mad (you can see him, can't you? No drummer has posture that ramrod straight. Max's \\"signature posture\\"?).    But it's the sheer shimmering, buzzing, thumping, soaring, anthemic pop rock sound of it all that lingers and lingers and lingers...
0439813786|5.0|This was just an incredible book.  A wonderful mix of pictures and words, it is fifty per cent graphic novel and fifty percent prose. An intriguing mystery set in Paris, certain to be enjoyed by readers both young and old.<br />  It flows quickly - you will get much more out of it if you take your time with the pictures particularly.  The detail in some of the scenes is well worth the time.<br />  The characters are believable - youngsters forced to be older than their years in some cases, but still children at heart.<br />  I was amazed to read the author notes at the end, about how much was based on actual creations.<br />  Definitely an interesting, and recommended, read.
B000OLGCI4|5.0|Well done, Disney.  This is what I remember as a child when I saw this at the theater; vivid colors, good sound, crisp detail.  A first rate story for children and acting that is at a pinnacle.  One of Disney's best, treated well and presented as it should be.
B000URDEB0|4.0|Being a huge fan of Within Temptation, Lacuna Coil, Lunatica, Era For A Moment, Angtoria, Evanescence, Delain, Echoes Of Eternity, Brave, Leaves' Eyes, Delight, Lullacry, You're Pretty, Fountain Of Tears, etc. I can safely say that Anette Olzon has finally made Nightwish listenable for me. I could not (and still cannot) handle the opera/over the top vocals of bands like older Nightwish, After Forever, Epica, etc. I totally applaud Nightwish for getting this new, far more appealing vocalist. My problem with the new album lies in the music and more singing from Marco. Even though I despised Tarja, I have to say that the music on ONCE was far and away better than the music on this new album. Not one song on here comes close to the epic beauty of the song \\"Ghost Love Score\\". And then on the songs that sound like they would have great potential (\\"7 Days To The Wolves\\" for example), Marco comes in and ruins it by singing over Anette. So musically, this new Nightwish album was a disappointment when compared to the brilliant ONCE. But as far as comparing the appealing factor between Anette's and Tarja's vocals, Anette wins for me hands down.
0792164903|5.0|The first thing you have to do with this film is give up your preconception of the story which you got during your childhood and from Disney. I speak from experience. I watched the first twenty minutes or so and felt dismayed and somewhat appalled by the level of gruesome horror I'd seen by that far. It seemed like an ugly exploitation of the story in the worst Hollywood fashion. I then came here to see what others were saying and was surprised to see how many people gave it five stars. Well, that fact and the fact that it was a Tim Burton film gave me the motivation to continue on despite my first impression.    It's very very good. It's the adults' version of the legend transformed and managed with the confident creative eye of Burton. Depp is wonderfully adept as Ichabod Crane and does some very creative acting which works perfectly. The special effects are a dazzle, but not out of control as in many, if not most, big budget films these days. The whole look of the film is delicious in its dark way and always convincing. It never dragged and the gruesomeness was handleable. It's got the riveting tension and visuals of the best modern horror films entwined in Burton's quirky vision and balanced with some visual comedy. Christopher Walken is a delight as he always is. He has to be the funnest actor in Hollywood.    I give it five stars because I wouldn't want to say anything bad about it. I enjoyed it thoroughly--well, except for my first impression problem--but that was my problem, not the film's problem. I was thoroughly converted.    The special features give a good reminder of how much work, and how many people, and how much money goes into a major film of this type. So much talent and resources in one spot. Wish I'd been there.
B000VNMMRA|5.0|Movies were made for people to have good times but with this movie you will have a great great great time, take my word. Bruce did it again, forget about his age, just look at the way he acts. He is a real actor that you will always remember. This movie will be at the top of my collection. Good luck
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Another great production by BBC.  I watched it everyday for a week.  This is somewhat similar to Pride and Prejudice, only darker and more worldly.  I most especially enjoyed the unrequited love part and the longing glances Mr. Thornton gave Margaret, but as all love stories are meant to, all ends well.  I bought this DVD having no idea what the story was about, only that most people who loved BBC's P&P loved it.  The setting in the north is rather dismal as it's supposed to be; but the characters, they bring the whole movie to life!  I really loved the characters of John Thornton, Margaret Hale, Mrs. Thornton and Nicholas Higgins.  They surprise you, in a good way.  I only wish they made it a 6-hour mini-series.  When the end came, I wanted more.
B000V8I2QU|2.0|Damn son, listen to that rock & roll!. Radio Nowhere, that's the Boss bitching about how crappy radio is...or is it a veiled reference to bigger issues? Ya never know with the Boss these days. Damn, that song sounds just like the one on Born To Run...hey the sax solo sounds the same too! You have to listen real careful because that Pearl Jam producer mixes the E-Streeters way in the back, especially those troublsome drums...never did like how old Max's drums rolled like thunder on those early records...I kind of like them all muffled and such. Hey, that song has a damn harpsichord on it...sounds like that old Pretty Ballerina song by the Left or Right Banke or something. That one sounds like the Boss channeled some Brian Wilson or something...those girls in their summer clothes...wait isn't Brucey like pushing 60? Creepy. Hey, I think these songs are talking about the war...yup that war over in the Mid East has gone south...I wasn't sure though until the Boss told me so using those metaphors and all. I'm glad he's back playin' that pure rock again, yeah, I know there's some fiddles on this record too, but Brendan makes 'em sound so grundgy don't he? Hey, there's a hidden track here...and it's all heartfelt and honest...and well, touching too...why the hell did he have to ruin a perfectly good drive through nostalgiaville with such emotion? Run out an get this one quick fellers before the Boss starts channeling Woody or Bobby again and poor Max is back pounding the skins on late night.
B0001MDP3G|2.0|After all the hype about this movie, I was expecting so much more than was delivered.  I found it to be boring, too long and lacking in any cohesive plot.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|It's become apparent that as Bruce Springsteen gets older, that he seems to mix his output between folk records, live albums, and the occasional E Street release.  The E Street releases are the rarer of the batch, with only three having been released since 1984. I seem to like these the best. After progressively slower and more boring musical output by Springsteen, I had burnt out on him completely for awhile; stopping altogether until 2002's excellent [[ASIN:B000069HKH The Rising]].  I was hoping The Rising was a permanent return to form, but alas it wasn't - as he went back and did [[ASIN:B0007WF1WS another folk album]], [[ASIN:B000E97X66 a live album]], [[ASIN:B000P1KTVY another live album]], and [[ASIN:B000EU1PNC an album of covers]].  Yawn.  So when I heard about Magic, my first thought was it something weird, or a \\"real\\" album - an E Street album. When I heard it was an E Street album, I was quite happy about that.<br /><br />I first heard the single in late August 2007 when it was made available for free via iTunes.  The first single (Radio Nowhere) was a free download, which I'll always take advantage of. It's quite anthemic in it's sound - something that would have fit well on the Born in the USA album. Lyrically it reminds me of the Tom Petty album \\"[[ASIN:B000069KHZ The Last DJ]]\\". Anyway, fantastic track. So I pre-ordered the album straight away. When I got it, I have to admit it initially bored me. It wasn't as immediately catchy as The Rising was. But given it was E Street, I gave it a fair shake, and continued to listen. The day it was actually released (Tue the 2nd), it clicked with me (I got it early via one of my record label contacts). Can't tell you why, it's one of those \\"OK, I get it now\\" moments, which kind of makes me wonder what the heck I was thinking the first few times I listened to it.<br /><br />Radio Nowhere is by far the most radio friendly (ha) song on the album, so there isn't another one of those, but there's some really nice melodies on this. Some of my favorite tracks are Long Walk Home, Last to Die, and Devil's Arcade. Living in the Future has a sax hook that is seriously old school Springsteen. I'll Work for your Love also has an old school Springsteen feel to it I liked.<br /><br />To sum up, for someone who had just graduated High School when Born in the USA came out, this album 23 years later makes me feel like I'm back then - this doesn't feel like his [[ASIN:B000002BFL The Ghost of Tom Joad]] style of stuff (which I can't stand). Get it.e of my favorite tracks are Long Walk Home, Last to Die, and Devil's Arcade. Living in the Future has a sax hook that is seriously old school Springsteen. I'll Work for your Love also has an old school Springsteen feel to it I liked.    To sum up, for someone who had just graduated High School when Born in the USA came out, this album 23 years later makes me feel like I'm back then - this doesn't feel like his [[ASIN:B000002BFL The Ghost of Tom Joad]] style of stuff (which I can't stand). Get it.
0061122416|5.0|I was satisfied with the price and shipping, and really loving this book!  It was recommended to me, and now I recommend it to others!
B000ULQV0W|5.0|I am a huge Eddie Vedder fan and needless to say I was excited about this album. It is wonderful!
B000V8I2QU|3.0|Whereas The Rising was meaty Bruce with some tough gristle(it could have been better with some judicious editing), this album is pure candy: the dessert to The Rising's main dish, if you will.   That means it goes down pretty easy, overall, but it doesn't really stick with you and it doesn't have the high points of The Rising.  On the plus side, it doesn't have The Rising's low points, either.   Don't get me wrong, I am enjoying this album.  It's fun.  It's party music (mostly).   I think I would have given it 4 stars if the production was better.   As many other reviews have noted, the sound is muddled.    Listening to the album, I find myself wishing the sound would open up and allow each instrument to be heard more distinctly.      The average Bruce fan will enjoy this album, as long as they are not expecting another Born To Run.    P.S. - To the reviewer who expressed such surprise and consternation that there were some violins on this album: Bruce has used violin in his music at least as far back as 1975 - check out the bootleg recording from the Main Point in Bryn Mawr (usually titled \\"The Saint, The Incident and the Main Point Shuffle\\").
0375713751|5.0|I read this book a couple of years ago, and I laughed A LOT because I related to much to it. I recommended it to one of my best friends, who is exactly like the protagonist.<br />Bottom line, I'm only going to say that it was an entertaining read that felt like \\"hey, I'm not the only one!\\" and I appreciated it.<br />As a reader I seek to either get lost in other worlds or see mine reflected in it. It was the second case with this one!<br />If you are a mother, if you work, if you have a husband (or even if you don't), if you feel like you're juggling it all and one of the balls will eventually drop, just read this book!
B0000549B0|5.0|I enjoyed this move very much and would recommend it to anyone and everyone.    It left me with a message that it's better to be pleasant and enjoy everyone and everything than it is to be smart or right.
0743243315|4.0|This was Ms Ali's debut novel, and was shortlisted for the 2003 Man Booker Prize.  While Brick Lane is about a particular set of experiences for a specific set of characters, it is also more broadly about the dislocation experienced by all migrants.<br /><br />Brick Lane tells the story of Hazneen, who came to England from Bangladesh at the age of 18 for an arranged marriage to Chanu. When she arrives, she has very limited English, but falls into the role of a dutiful wife to a man who is also culturally dislocated and whose rigid adherence to remembered custom and practice renders him sadly ineffectual.<br /><br />This novel explores cultural difference, family ties and associated impacts on individuals.<br /><br />Highly recommended - not because it provides all of the answers or instant understanding but because it identifies so many of the questions.<br /><br />Jennifer Cameron-Smith
B000RJO58M|5.0|Ok, I hardly EVER write reviews on this site (or any for that matter, cause I just don't believe people on the Internet really care about other people's opinions, especially about movies) but this movie is fantastic and I really just wanted to put that quote in the subject line. If you, as an American, appreciate British humor, you will love Hot Fuzz; if you don't, you won't, it's a simple as that. It's not a SPOOF! There's an original story here. The filmakers did want to pay tribute to all the great buddy cop movies over the year, and they wanted to give it a British twist since there's never been a (good) British cop movie. I for one, thought Hot Fuzz was BETTER than Shaun of the Dead, as least as far as production values go. It clearly has a bigger budget, the cinematography is better, and it's generally a cleaner, cleaner looking film all around. The sound is ridiculously good on a solid home entertainment system. Do yourself a favor, go pick this one up, and enjoy it on the best format available for years to come.
B000002KDG|5.0|A few years ago, a local rock station had a contest to name the worst rock guitarist in history.  Neil Young won this dubious honor.  I realize he is no technical virtuoso, but what Neil does do with guitar is create powerful sounds and moods - especially when paired with Crazy Horse, the guitar work is stirring and overpowering.  In Powderfinger and My My Hey Hey, the guitar work explodes off the disc and makes you want to stand up and shout and sing.  I love this album and hope this worst guitarist continues to produce such incredibly moving music.
0312323867|4.0|I enjoyed this story as much as 'Borrowed', as both books are page-turners; however, they are page-turners in different ways. During 'Borrowed', your mouth is usually agape due to the shock of what's unfolding...during `Blue', you get to watch Darcy Rhone's transformation. Some reviewers' say it's not believable for Darcy to change `just like that', but what I got was that this person she became is really who she was all along, it just took her some time to become okay with knowing and understanding who she really was. At any rate, I do highly recommend both books. You should definitely read `Borrowed' first, as you really won't fully appreciate `Blue' not having done so.
B000NVIGC0|3.0|Sky Blue Sky was my first Wilco album.  I liked it enough to venture back into Yankee Hotel Foxtrot and A Ghost Is Born.  Those albums were both significantly better, so I dug deeper into their discography (Being There, Mermaid Avenue, etc.). Sky Blue Sky still remains my third favorite.  It's a stylistic departure, but not a totally unwelcome one.    Occasionally the guitar riffs can go on far too long, but overall this jam-bandy album is good enough that I will listen to songs from it when they are on the radio or television, and usually when one shows up on an ipod mix.  I prefer their previous electronic-influenced style, but jam band style is still far superior to their more pedestrian alt-country roots.
B00007LTIC|4.0|This is where Yes really began to lose their ability to write complex and interesting songs.  The songwriting has become more obvious, commercialized, and less interesting for a good portion of the album.  The title song is pretty catchy, despite the albums noticeable flaws.  I really like it.  For once, Jon's vocals are exciting to me.  \\"Turn of the Century\\" really isn't that great, though.  In fact, it's unmemorable to the extreme and hearing it again 12 years later my feelings have remained exactly the same.  This is because there's no interesting vocal melody taking place for its entire length.  The verse melody that Jon is singing *really* isn't good enough to be so darn repetitive.  It's a nice atmospheric song, though.  It's a nice song to listen to when a snowfall is taking place for example.  I can't help but wonder if this song was the first legitimate signs of the approaching 80's period for the band.  It sounds *so* 80's!<br /><br />\\"Parellels\\" features a dreaded commercial sound along with repetitive musical ideas.  Still, something about Jon's vocals and the church organs create a feeling of haziness that's appealing to me so I like the song overall.  \\"Wonderous Stories\\" has a pretty vocal melody.  \\"Awaken\\" comes close to being flawless with one exception- about 1 minute and 30 seconds in we have to hear such a predictable Middle Eastern riff that truly does NOT belong.  This song turns flat out amazing about 5 minutes in when the atmospheric organs and Jon's vocals create a carnival-like moment of excitement and illusion but it's so darn *melodic* and the constant tempo changes are extraordinary.  It's sometimes hard to listen to this track because it's such an obvious commercial attempt.  So many prog rock bands at the time tried for commercial success, even if it meant making the music less complex and interesting as a result.<br /><br />Get rid of the dreaded and forgettable \\"Turn of the Century\\" and the rest of the album is actually really fantastic.
1594489505|5.0|A Thousand Splendid  Suns is Splendid Read.  Hosseini is an outstanding writer.  This is fiction that brings the reader to a very real understanding of the complexities of life in Afghanistan.
B000VAPZM2|5.0|I am a mother of two little girls 4 and 6 but I still enjoy watching these types of movies. This movie reminds me of when I was young and in high school.I also acted and sang in my high school plays. I really miss high school. I cant wait to see high school musical 3 if there is another show.This movie was better than the first.I believe this one was more entertaining than the first.Great job kids.
0451450523|5.0|I got this book as a birthday gift to my friend that doesn't so much like Sci-Fi stuff.  She loved it.  She has a thing for unicorns and everything that she's made up about unicorns has been mentioned in the book.  It's a good book.
B000002GQL|5.0|Here's why the Moody Blues \\"Seventh Sojourn\\" is such a special album:  When I was a little kid, my mom used to take me to the town library so I could sort through all sorts of galaxy and solar system books.  I had an obsession with the universe.  I'd love looking through books and finding the coolest, and most colorful pictures showing me what the galaxy looks like.      One picture in particular I never forgot was one showing what it would be like to stand and stargaze on planet Pluto, and showing a beautiful image of a small glowing star far away (the sun).  What a great picture.      This album gives me the same feelings of adventure and mystery.  \\"Lost in a Lost World\\" is the perfect song.  I can't even explain what kind of song it is.  It's WAY beyond an ordinary pop song.  It's experimental genius.  \\"I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)\\" was the big hit.  It's a pretty good hard rock song with a chilly feeling of ice and something cold.  Can't explain why.  \\"You and Me\\" is a beyond-incredible pop song with a jaw-droppingly beautiful guitar melody at the end.  What a perfect song.    \\"New Horizons\\" is the best song on the album because it gives off a feeling of hope.  A very well-written extraordinary piece of music.  \\"Isn't Life Strange\\" is the next best song.  That guitar riff that loops over and over is genius.  I absolutely love it.  The vocal melody is spectacular in every sense of the word.  \\"For My Lady\\" is a mysterious pirate-adventure like song.  It reminds me of sailing far off in the sea.      The rest of the songs are just as spectacularly written.  Truly a classic album.
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|This is her best cd since DIVA, and her most experimental, production wise, since Savage (IMO)!! I love it. She made a wise decision to replace pervious producer Libson, who's production work on Bare made that album sound dated. Not so with her new producer Glen Ballard. THANK YOU ANNIE for delivering a masterpiece! Well done.
B0000009SI|5.0|This is an amazing record!!  Musically mind-blowing and one of kind.    If you even need to read a review to see if you want to buy or not, buy it.  If you know Zappa and for some reason don't already own this, you need it. If you think you want to pick up an FZ album but aren't familiar with his catalog, by all means, buy this.  You will not regret your purchase.    The muscianship and quality of performance on this album is unique and even scary.    Yeah, so buy it.
B000VR824S|5.0|Disc one:<br />Introduction (by Bill Murray)<br />\\"Uberesso,\\" Sonny Landreth<br />\\"Hell at Home,\\" Sonny Landreth with Eric Clapton<br />\\"Maharina,\\" John McLaughlin<br />\\"Rosie,\\" Doyle Bramhall II<br />\\"Outside Woman Blues,\\" Doyle Bramhall II<br />\\"Little by Little,\\" Susan Tedeschi with the Derek Trucks Band<br />\\"Anyday,\\" the Derek Trucks Band<br />\\"Highway 61 Revisited,\\" Johnny Winter with the Derek Trucks Band<br />\\"Nobodysoul,\\" Robert Randolph & the Family Band<br />\\"Poor Johnny,\\" Robert Cray Band<br />\\"Dirty Work at the Crossroads,\\" Jimmie Vaughan with the Robert Cray Band<br />\\"Sitting on Top of the World,\\" Hubert Sumlin with the Robert Cray Band & Jimmie Vaughan<br />\\"Paying the Cost To Be the Boss,\\" B.B. King with the Robert Cray Band with Jimmie Vaughan & Hubert Sumlin<br />\\"Rock Me Baby,\\" B.B. King with the Robert Cray Band with Jimmie Vaughan & Hubert Sumlin<br />\\"Sweet Thing,\\" Vince Gill<br />\\"Country Boy,\\" Albert Lee with Vince Gill<br />\\"If It Makes You Happy,\\" Sheryl Crow with Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br />\\"Tulsa Time,\\" Sheryl Crow with Eric Clapton, Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br />\\"Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain,\\" Willie Nelson with Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br />\\"On the Road Again,\\" Willie Nelson with Sheryl Crow, Vince Gill & Albert Lee<br /><br />Disc two:<br />\\"Belief,\\" John Mayer<br />\\"Gravity,\\" John Mayer<br />\\"Don't Worry Baby,\\" Los Lobos<br />\\"Mas Y Mas,\\" Los Lobos<br />\\"Cause We Ended As Lovers,\\" Jeff Beck<br />\\"Big Block,\\" Jeff Beck<br />\\"Tell the Truth,\\" Eric Clapton<br />\\"Isn't It a Pity,\\" Eric Clapton<br />\\"Who Do You Love,\\" Robbie Robertson with Eric Clapton<br />\\"Presence of the Lord,\\" Steve Winwood with Eric Clapton<br />\\"Can't Find My Way Home,\\" Steve Winwood with Eric Clapton<br />\\"Had To Cry Today,\\" Steve Winwood with Eric Clapton<br />\\"Dear Mr. Fantasy,\\" Steve Winwood<br />\\"Crossroads,\\" Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood<br />\\"Mary Had a Little Lamb,\\" Buddy Guy<br />\\"Damn Right I've Got the Blues,\\" Buddy Guy<br />\\"Sweet Home Chicago,\\" Buddy Guy with Eric Clapton, Robert Cray, John Mayer, Hubert Sumlin, Jimmie Vaughan & Johnny Winter
B000V8I2QU|5.0|For anyone who has read my reviews before, you know that I don't like to write a lengthy review of each individual song on an album. I prefer to let the listener pick his or her favorites after listening to the album themselves. Especially with Bruce, I think you have to look at each of his releases as an entire piece of work. As a Bruce Tramp for 37 years I know that certain songs which grab me in the first few listenings may very well not be my favorites later on. And, I think alot of us are like that. I'm not knocking the reviewers who choose to review song by song. That's just not my way. So, with that said, I'd like to talk to three different groups of listeners.     First, The tried and true Bruce Tramps like myself. I could simply say forget it, go out and buy it, and enjoy! But, it deserves a little more than that. For you folks, this is Bruce Springsteen and The E Street Band. As Kid Leo from Cleveland said very well back in '75,\\" Welcome to the main event! Pound for pound, round for round, there ain't no finer band around, Bruce Springsteen and The E Street Band!\\". There's one thing that there's never any mystery with each and every release this man gives us - it's going to be great. From beginning to end, there are no fillers. This is the deal! Don't waste your brain power by attempting to compare it with any of Bruce's other releases. I hate that! It's a piece of work of it's own, ad people do change with age and maturation. Bruce is no different than any of us in that context. I will simply tell you that with each listening, each song begins to take over your mind sounding better and better as time goes. There seems to be a little of Bruce in this album probably starting with Born To Run all the way through to and including Devils and Dust. I leave The Seeger Sessions out of that comment because that was a whole different piece of genius in itself. Is there any one of us Bruce Tramps that thought back after \\"Greetings\\" was released that thought Bruce could have pulled off that? And, he did! With a great band, giving those over hundred year old songs a kick in the butt! Just keep playing \\"Magic\\" - you're gonna call it a classic with time.    To the Springsteen fans who didn't like it when Bruce gave up The E Street music with releases such as Nebraska, Tom Joad, Devils and Dust, etc. Hey, it's not too late to get back in line with us Bruce Tramps. We've saved you a spot. This man is the single greatest musical artist of our age. He has proven that with so many different types of work. If you didn't particularly care for the albums I mentioned, give them a few more listens. Like most of Bruce's career work, if you listen to a song say 50 times, there will be many times that you will say to yourself, \\"Gee, I'm getting a whole new meaning out of that phrase than I did before\\". If you've really gotten off the band wagon, well, so be it.    To the people who have never listened to Bruce(you mean there are some of you?), this just might be the album for you to start with. There are alot of little things on this album that Bruce has barely touched on in the past, soundwise. It sounds like a contradiction to say that this is The E Street Band, and then make the statement that I just made. But, with Bruce, the old fans know what I mean. It's kind of like during the Devils and Dust Tour, when Bruce would do an old one like \\"Does This Bus Stop At 82nd Street?\\". Some people in the audience didn't recognize the song until the third or fourth verse. But, that's where some of the genious comes in, and also what keeps Bruce's shows fresh for we fans and the Band itself. He's so spontaneous in everything he does, it's amazing!    I would like to mention one song on the album that deserves special mention. That's the one that most everyone is calling \\"Terry's Song\\". It's not listed on the album, so when Devils Arcade is over don't turn the player off. You'll be cheating yourself out of an absolute classic. I call it Bruce's eulogy to his long-time compadre and right-hand man, Terry McGovern, who recently passed away. It is just a truly beautiful way of paying tribute to a buddy who must have meant more to Bruce than any one of us ever knew. It brought tears to my eyes, and it may to yours.    In closing, I'd like to mention that another of my heroes of a different genre of music, Merle Haggard, years ago, was given the moniker \\"The Poet Of The Common Man\\". That moniker could have easily been given to Bruce. Because that is what he is, a poet of the common man. It's been said that when you listen to Merle Haggard, you're listening to his life. The same can be said of Bruce. All the way back from the beginning with \\"Greetings From Asbury Park\\". This album, \\"Magic\\" is just another chapter. I can't wait to read the next one! Thanks for your time.
B00005JPFH|5.0|This title is released here in my country- Turkey. I don't know how we got it before US but 2-disc special edition is really great. Special features are really good. my box contained a booklet full of comicbook covers. even the disc menus are great. i really like the movie- so this is the best dvd of the year for me.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This HD DVD is without a doubt the most visually stunning DVD I have ever watched.  While the series was great on TV, it is nothing compared to the HD version watched on an HD-DVD player.  Thanks for the great price.
B000SFZ05C|5.0|Bands like the Cult are having a difficult time pleasing their fan-base. Their identity and genre may be difficult to describe, so the fans never know what they're going to get. There is one thing that is constant - they know how to make great music.     For the old time fans, this album sounds like a mix of Electric, the Cult and Ian's solo work. When I first heard Dirty Little Rockstar on the band's web-site, I thought that the entire album would be another edition of Electric (which would not be a bad thing if done right). I really liked the song, but was suprised to hear the rest. The bass definitely dominates with some really cool grooves in many songs. Ian is in top form, and in Holy Mountain, he comes in with this really deep voice. I couldn't believe that this was Ian. Some might say that there isn't enough Duffy on here, but I think that this is not necessarily a bad thing. I like what he did on Beyond Good and Evil - this was just different.     For those new to the band, if the music industry isn't what it is, they could have been quite big. Billy Duffy writes simple and yet catchy guitar hooks using all sorts of different effects ranging from the wah pedal to heavy distortion, while Ian Astbury provides very emotional vocals and lyrics that address a variety of issues that are heavily influenced by Native Americans, protection of wilderness and general anti-war sentiments. They have been classified as goth (early in their career), metal, straight rock/blues and alternative. As far as Born Into This, I am struggling to classify it, which brings me back to the beginning of my review - it's almost impossible to do that with this band. This is simply a great, emotional and well-thought out rock record.
B000021Y7X|4.0|I like this concert. The talking Heads are a good punk music band. It's nice to have some music in my collection that's a little different, fun and energetic.
0316067598|5.0|Lone Survivor stands with the best of books written about our dedicated Seal warriors.  Marcus takes you very descriptively and emotionly thru his Seal training.  He takes us on his missions in Afghanistan, where he relates stories of courage, warrior ethic, brotherhood and tragedy.  Marcus is a true patriot and hero, that you will enjoy reading about and his input will be lasting.  I recommend this book for all Americans that tend to take their freedoms for granted.
B00023B1LC|2.0|I watched this movie. I expected that I would love it, just by looking at the title. Well It was all chase. But who was chasing who? And why were who chasing who? The movie needs a story. It needs content. It needs to be interesting. I don't recommend it. Even my 25 year old son didn't like it. I wish I could say something good. But I didn't like it.
0143038419|4.0|I enjoyed the read although sometimes it really dragged, particularly her time at the Yoga retreat in India.  The time she spends in Italy though, doing nothing but indulging herself with food is a riot.
0099489988|5.0|I think that Marian Keyes is the most humorous and interesting authors out there on the market today. In \\"Watermelon\\" she not only gave me a trip to Limerick and a visit to an Irish family and all the love, disappointments and values that go with this family of characters, but I got a wonderful story and a terrific read. Highly recommend.    Looking for a stunning Women's Fiction then check out [[ASIN:1419652826 Gathering of Cans]] by Robert L. Saunders. The author heralds the relationship between husband and wife in this romance with a bit of mystery novel. In this warm and wonderful story you will travel with Zoie Baker, the heroine, on her quest to build a swimming pool by gathering aluminum cans. She feels right down to her bones that this is her destiny. Unique cans that she stumbles on, i.e., Nehi, Mountain Dew, etc., takes the reader on a glorious journey in the life of Zoie from World War II where she meets Nat, a Marine, at a USO Club, through the 1980's. This gripping story will keep you up to read just one more chapter. Check it out. You won't be disappointed! Bye
B000V8I2QU|3.0|I agree with J.White's opinion regarding the sound quality on this disc. I have no beef with the songs, actually enjoy them really, but the entire disc suffers from poor production and crappy sound quality, making the entire cd sound \\"muddy\\" overall, especially in the vocals.  To me, there really is no excuse for this, especially for someone of Springsteen's caliber.  It's like putting in a cd from a recording in the 60's or 70's that has not been remastered.  Just Bad!  And what a disappointment, as I'm a HUGE Bruce fan and couldn't wait to buy this cd....
B000053V7O|4.0|I have watched Round Midnight many times over the past 20 years including in a theatre when the movie first appeared. There is nothing I can say in this review that hasn't been said by the other 50 reviewers other than 1) although brilliant in concept and reality, it is a boring film 2)if you are a jazz fan then you simply must have this film in your collection for no other reason than seeing the all-star jazz musicians play. I think Lonette McKee's rendition of \\"How Long This Has Been Going On\\" is tremendous and I think Herbie Hancock's composing, arranging and comping were truly awesome. Dexter Gordon's portrayal of Dale Turner, while challenging to endure as a viewer sometimes, is probably as accurate as it could have been. I have been a fan of the tune \\"Chan's Song\\" every since I first saw this film. I applaud the people who believed in this story enough to make this film.
B000V8I2QU|2.0|I need to play this quite a few more times to judge the songs.  On first listen, I've found some of the arrangements interesting, some songs catchy and some lyrics interesting.  Overall OK given that I'm not a huge Bruuuuuuce fan.  Eventually, I'd likely give it a 3 or perhaps 4 star rating based on content.    But.... The production and engineering of this CD is inexcusable.  The sound is very compressed - WHY?  It is also very muddy, often hard to discern the lyrics through the fog of sound.  It's 2007; O'Brien should be embarrassed at a production this unlistenable - for a major artist no less, who should have access to the best facilities and technicians.    My Vandersteen speakers swallowed this CD up.  Even the normally expansive Vandys couldn't overcome the compression of this recording.    Springsteen should insist that this be remastered or rerecorded; unbought copies of this be recalled; anyone who bought it be sent the remastered version if they send in proof-of-purchase.    How the label, artist, producer or engineer let this travesty see the light of day is inexplicable.  It is 2007 isn't it?
0743496728|3.0|I found Picoult's novel engaging, disturbing, and riveting on many levels.  This book should make every parent of a teenage - whether a popular kid or an outsider - look very hard at their child's life.  It is that good and that realistic.    It is excellent in all but one respect.  There is no way that Judge Cormier would have heard this case.  None whatsoever.  In the real world, she never would have been assigned the case in the first place.  As a lawyer, I have seen the inside of many courtrooms and judges are recused for far less than this.  This one incredibly important detail very nearly negates all the good in this story.    Nonetheless, the message in this novel is important.  Watch your children.  Talk to you children.  They are not necessarily the people you think they are.  They are not necessarily the people THEY think they are.
B000TLMWMY|5.0|I was a Johnny Cash fan from the very first time I heard \\"I Walk The Line\\".  However, when he did this TV show, he became part of my family.  There was nothing on TV before, during, or since, that has captivated me like the Johnny Cash Show.  I've waited almost 40 years for someone to release this masterpiece on a format where I could own this treasure and here it is.  I'm greedy though, I'd like for them to release the entire series, all 58 shows in their entirety and the CBS summer replacement shows along with all of his CBS specials too.  But for now this \\"Best of the JCS\\" is by for my most treasured memory of Johnny and June.  This was THE ONE show that everyone in my family watched and enjoyed every minute of it.  I remember that last episode when Johnny said that he wasn't going to be back for another season, I cried like a baby, it was as if my dad had told me that I was never going to see him again.  It hurt.  I was 11.  This DVD shows live performances, no lip synching here.  Johnny was always better in a LIVE performance vs. a studio recording.  If there was only ONE Johnny Cash item you could own, this would be the one.  (At least until they'd come out with the entire series.)
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|Each song on this cd presents a new color on Annie's vocal palette.  The arrangements are amazing and more powerful and brutal than on her previous cds.  And her one-of-a-kind voice is phenomenal.  Fabulous music!
B00005R62N|5.0|If you could only own 2 albums by Judas Priest, get this one and \\"Sad Wings Of Destiny.\\" Both are flawless and show off the considerable compositional and performing talents of this amazing band. \\"Unleashed In The East\\" was a blueprint for future rockers and heavy metalist and is considered one of the all time best live recordings of a metal band, get it and you'll see why.<br />Priest rule: and this album is one of the reasons.
B000R7HY0K|3.0|I loved Death Proof.  I loved Grindhouse and walked out of the theater grinning from ear to ear.<br /><br />My issues are not with the film presented here.  It's how it is presented.  What made Grindhouse so awesome was the experience of seeing it in theaters as a double bill, with the fake ads and trailers and all that came with it.  These DVDs of Death Proof and Planet Terror completely take the film out of the context it was meant to be seen.<br /><br />One final gripe: I don't think the \\"missing reel\\" should have been inserted onto this DVD.  It was one of the best jokes in the whole film.
B000003TAN|4.0|In many ways this is the first \\"side\\" recording Sonic Youth would make with the sole intention of experimentation with no real concern for commercial potential. As their career has progressed, their fans have come to expect these outings that feed the commercial side of Sonic Youth, since without them to fuel the flame their creative spark might falter.
B00006RAKP|4.0|Elton's 2-disc greatest hits package is a good place to start if you're getting into Elton John, even though it falls short in some areas.<br /><br />The Good: A great deal of Elton's best hits from the 70s and 80s are here: \\"Tiny Dancer,\\" \\"Daniel,\\" \\"Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting,\\" \\"I Don't Want To Go On With You Like That,\\" etc.  The first disc and half of the second is toe-tappingly listenable.<br /><br />The Bad: Around the middle of the second disc is where this collection loses steam.  It focuses too much on Elton's adult contemporary period, where frankly, his music declined in quality.<br /><br />What I would have changed: I would have ditched the songs from The Lion King, Aida, and \\"This Train Don't Stop Here Anymore,\\" for starters.  In their place I would have included 70s standards like \\"Take Me To The Pilot,\\" \\"We All Fall In Love Sometimes,\\" and \\"I Think I'm Going To Kill Myself.\\"<br /><br />Overall, a good collection that could have been stellar if not for the second half of disc 2.
B000SFZ05C|1.0|Once upon a time Ian Astbury and company built a legendary status that bridged the seemingly non traversable gap between alternative post punk and heavy metal. They did it with memorable hooks, a doors-like image and sound, and heaping helpings of word of mouth hype. They deserved all the accolades and attention they received, though most of the music press derided them mercilessly.    Now, 20 years or so later, we find most of the same players, with a bit more of their sound leaning towards the heavy metal side and less on the alternaive side, but sadly, very lacking in hooks and solid song writing.    The songs here all sound very pedestrian with simple, banal lyrics and no real memorable moments throughout the entire album. This sounds like a band cashing in with nothing but flash and no substance. Perhaps it's lack of substances (of the illegal variety) that has caused this band to lose their creative way. Now, while it must be said that the playing is first rate, Astbury's vocals are strong and still very accomplished, and the production and recording are first rate. But the songs are simply just not there.    Ironically, and perhaps fittingly so, the very best song only exists on the special edition of this album. \\"Stand Alone\\" could qualify as the best choice for a single. It immediately inspires the listener to hear it again, with a soaring chorus and catchy melody. But nothing else truly stands out. \\"Dirty little rockstar is just embarrassing. Cliche filled lyrics, non creative guitar playing, uninspired aimless melody. The rest of the CD meanders without substance or character. Outststanding production and performances are literally wasted on some of the worst written songs you may ever hear. It's that bad.    So, along with the other croakers: The Who (endless wire), The Stones (Bigger Bang) and Lou Reed, who actually has now recorded 2 of the worst albums of the decade (The Raven, and Hudson River meditations). The Cult with \\"Born into This\\" have joinedthe infamous few who have only succeeded in embarrassing themselves terribly with their most current releases. It's a shame really, because all listed here still possess some phenomenal talent, especially when witnessed live, but their most recent studio work is quite honestly, just abysmal.     As much as I wanted to like this and wished to be able to recommend it, it would be an unfair lie to those that are contemplating purchasing this CD. Spend your money on one of their many live CD's released last year. Or better yet, look into some really great studio releases from these newer groups: Doves, VHS or Beta, Spoon, Bellavista, Secret Machines, Interpol, Kings of Leon. All of whom have a somewhat derivative sound, but are writing some truly great songs, and sound many times more inspired than the old guard listed above.
0553382179|3.0|I bought this for my daughter, to help her with her house, life, and anything else.  I didn't want her to be insulted, so I read it and told her I bought it for me but thought she might like it too.  It started out great, great ideas, funny, fun.  But it got a little too over the edge....compulsive...neat freakish towards the end.  I told my daughter to try to incorporate SOME of the Flylady's tips into her routine.  She hasn't read it yet, but I'm hoping she learns something from it, because she is a very disorganized person.  It seemed there were some discrepancies in the book about her life, which makes you feel she's making all of this up to make money, not to share her experience.  Hopefully my daughter doesn't catch on to some of it.
B000UJBYD8|1.0|Once upon a time Ian Astbury and company built a legendary status that bridged the seemingly non traversable gap between alternative post punk and heavy metal. They did it with memorable hooks, a doors-like image and sound, and heaping helpings of word of mouth hype. They deserved all the accolades and attention they received, though most of the music press derided them mercilessly.     Now, 20 years or so later, we find most of the same players, with a bit more of their sound leaning towards the heavy metal side and less on the alternaive side, but sadly, very lacking in hooks and solid song writing.     The songs here all sound very pedestrian with simple, banal lyrics and no real memorable moments throughout the entire album. This sounds like a band cashing in with nothing but flash and no substance. Perhaps it's lack of substances (of the illegal variety) that has caused this band to lose their creative way. Now, while it must be said that the playing is first rate, Astbury's vocals are strong and still very accomplished, and the production and recording are first rate. But the songs are simply just not there.     Ironically, and perhaps fittingly so, the very best song only exists only on this special edition of this album. \\"Stand Alone\\" could qualify as the best choice for a single. It immediately inspires the listener to hear it again, with a soaring chorus and catchy melody. But nothing else truly stands out. \\"Dirty little rockstar is just embarrassing. Cliche filled lyrics, non creative guitar playing, uninspired aimless melody. The rest of the CD meanders without substance or character. Outststanding production and performances are literally wasted on some of the worst written songs you may ever hear. It's that bad.     So, along with some much older croakers: The Who (endless wire), The Stones (Bigger Bang) and Lou Reed, who actually has now recorded 2 of the worst albums of the decade (The Raven, and Hudson River meditations). The Cult with \\"Born into This\\" have joined the infamous few who have only succeeded in embarrassing themselves terribly with their most current releases. It's a shame really, because all listed here still possess some phenomenal talent, especially when witnessed live, but their most recent studio work is quite honestly, just abysmal.     As much as I wanted to like this and wished to be able to recommend it, it would be an unfair lie to those that are contemplating purchasing this CD. Spend your money on one of their many live CD's released last year. Or better yet, look into some really great studio releases from these newer groups: Doves, VHS or Beta, Spoon, Bellavista, Secret Machines, Interpol, Kings of Leon. All of whom have a somewhat derivative sound, but are writing some truly great songs, and sound many times more inspired than the old guard listed above.
0887307280|2.0|This is, at best the beginning part of a working business solution. Yes, Gerber makes a valid point about the E-myth concept (read other reviews if you don't know the concept) but it's really for beginners (newbs). All his books are really just advertisements,for his E-Myth Academy consulting business in the back of all his books. There is nearly no practical information. He makes his point about the E-Myth, then masterbates it endlesly, re-making that point six ways to Sunday, add nausium and leaves you wondering, well, but what should I do? Well, little lost lamb (newb), go to E-Myth web site or call the 800 number where they have a fast talking sales crew and sign up for 2 years of 700 plus a month (I haven't checked lately) consultation/classes.     After you get the point that to make your technical skill pay/function as a business you need to have business skills/know how. You can sign up for the 700 plus per month for 2 years advertised in the back of his books. Start looking elsewhere for actual practical information. Because there are no E-myth books or tapes that have that information. You can do a lot for your business with that kind of money. I'm always shocked at how newbs starting businesses throw money around. Something to buy and a place to buy it, no matter how pretty it all is, doesn't make a successful business, In my observations, it's the major reason new businesses fail. I'm sure some of you with deep pockets or You corperate types who have never had to find the guts or earn the money to build a small business without Sugar Daddy Warbucks help will think I'm wrong. This E-Myth stuff is valid but it it's grade school lessons made to look like some kind of super-profound truth/solution. Well, it is, grade school true, now what Mr. Gerber, where's the solutions, spend, what, nearly 17,000 Sign up for what I thought I was getting when I bought the Books and tapes? What a greedy little tight wad! When are you going to write a book with substance? Hey Newbs! Trust me, yes you need real business skills, there are plenty of great business books out there, take some of that 17,000 and buy some and be careful with the rest you're going to need it.
B000W4HJ44|5.0|This DVD is a must-see for your collection!  You will love everything about this movie just as much as I did.  The music, the dancing, the storyline and the cast including John Travolta, Queen Latifah, James Marsden, Michelle Pfeiffer, Nikki Blonsky, Zac Efron, Elijah Kelley and Amanda Bynes make HAIRSPRAY the best movie of 2007!
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Pride and Prejudice starring Keira Knightly was an excellent update of the classic. Its interpretation is concise compared to earlier versions but just as powerful if not even more effective in delivering the essence of the love story.
B00004RF8J|5.0|LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!! geat deal on it too! I couldn't find it anywhere else at the time!
B000URDEB0|1.0|This album makes me so sad...  The music is still amazing, but the vocals ruin it for me. Anette has such a common sounding rock voice, it's really tragic.  I can't imagine what the band was thinking when they hired this singer.  :(
0451216725|4.0|It's early in 1958. Reeling from the Soviet Union's Sputnik success, the United States struggles desperately to catch up. Thus far, those efforts have resulted in a series of spectacular failures. Now the hopes of a nation, and the future of the U.S. space program, hinge on the successful launch of Explorer I, scheduled to lift off on January 29th.<br /><br />The odds against a successful launch, however, are even more formidable than anyone anticipated. Technical obstacles were to be expected. Internal problems were not. A Soviet mole, his role until now limited to passing American technology to Moscow, has been instructed to sabotage the launch.<br /><br />With the future of the free world at stake, only one man can foil the Soviet plan. Unfortunately, with only two days until launch, he doesn't even know about it. That man, you see, has just awakened in a Washington, D.C., subway station, smelling of alcohol -- apparently one of the numerous homeless who have found shelter there. He can't remember who he is or how he got there. Armed with only a single clue -- a fellow traveler addresses him as \\"Luke\\" -- he begins a perilous search for his identity, a search that ultimately leads him into direct conflict with a Soviet spy network intent on preventing U.S. entry into space.<br /><br />Powered by this intriguing premise, Code to Zero hurtles to its surprising climax with blinding speed, taking readers for a hair-raising ride. Although some may find it a bit melodramatic (perhaps intentionally, Follett's writing style echoes that of novels written during the early days of the space race, and the success of the hero's search often hinges on coincidence and breathtaking, intuitive leaps of logic), most will find Code to Zero an enjoyable read, if only because of Follett's painstaking attention to detail -- he provides copious information about the technical side of the launch, and about the state of psychology at the time -- and the intriguing supporting cast he has assembled.<br /><br />Although Follett is not quite at the top of his form here, Code to Zero is head-and-shoulders above most of its current competition. After three decades in the business, the author knows just which buttons to push, and when to push them.h Follett is not quite at the top of his form here, Code to Zero is head-and-shoulders above most of its current competition. After three decades in the business, the author knows just which buttons to push, and when to push them.
B000JRYNXE|3.0|WARNING: Some of these tracks are truly disposable.<br /><br />But Gwen is the queen of just having fun and she usually hits more than missing.<br /><br />Standout tracks are:<br /><br />2. The Sweet Escape - Feat. Akon<br />4. Early Winter<br />5. Now That You Got It<br />6. 4 In The Morning<br /><br />Track 12. Wonderful Life, gets points for being melancholy and original. 4 In The Morning is light Pop fluff, but enjoyable, nonetheless. Now That You Got It is the most fun track here. And The Sweet Escape isn't far behind. My second favorite track behind Now That You Got It is Early Winter. I hear it at work a lot and I love this one!<br /><br />Gwen's a Libra, and they're all about fun and flirting to the umpth degree.<br /><br />If you want to have a bit of fun, download the singles or take a chance on the album. It's Darn Catchy!<br /><br />3.4 stars - .3 for cleanliness.<br /><br />3.1 stars.<br /><br />End Note: Most notable though, Early Winter has Gwen crooning through a shining, somewhat withheld truth by the time track 4 comes through. It could very well be her most poignant (poin-yuhnt) solo release ever.<br />Very honest and upfront; no masks whatsoever.<br />It also makes for a calming mid-tempo. Thank goodness they play this in the grocery store I work at now. I will listen and know the lyrics from now on!!
061891868X|4.0|I like Lee Smolin and this is a good exposition of the current quandary in Physics.  When the mathematicians \\"hijacked\\" physics in the 1920's, they created ever-so elegant formulas and abstraction upon abstraction upon abstraction.  \\"Just give me a formula!\\" was their mantra, and what it all really \\"means\\" was not their concern.  This is the essence of Bohr's position (no pun intended), and Einstein was not able to answer, even though he knew something was missing.    String theory has many intriguing ideas, and it's supporters should not be easily dismissed. Again and again, we come back to the basic question...particle or wave?  Wavicle?  Partiwave?  String?
B000JJRIN4|3.0|WARNING: Some of these tracks are truly disposable.<br /><br />But Gwen is the queen of just having fun and she usually hits more than missing.<br /><br />Standout tracks are:<br /><br />2. The Sweet Escape - Feat. Akon<br />4. Early Winter<br />5. Now That You Got It<br />6. 4 In The Morning<br /><br />Track 12. Wonderful Life, gets points for being melancholy and original. 4 In The Morning is light Pop fluff, but enjoyable, nonetheless. Now That You Got It is the most fun track here. And The Sweet Escape isn't far behind.<br /><br />Gwen's a Libra, and they're all about fun and flirting to the umpth degree.<br /><br />If you want to have a bit of fun, download the singles or take a chance on the album. It's Darn Catchy!<br /><br />3.4 stars.<br /><br />End note: (update): Most notable though, Early Winter has Gwen crooning through a shining, somewhat withheld truth by the time track 4 comes through. It could very well be her most poignant (poin-yuhnt) solo release ever.<br />Very honest and upfront; no masks whatsoever.<br />It also makes for a calming mid-tempo. Thank goodness they play this in the grocery store I work at now. I will listen and know the lyrics from now on!!
B000026OWF|5.0|I love this album!!  Lots of commentary in the reviews about where it falls compared to Herbie's other mid-'70s albums with the Head Hunters band.  Don't worry about that.  Just get this album and get your funk on!    If a comparison is necessary, it's probably not as strong a group effort as \\"Thrust\\", but the funk grooves run very thick on \\"Man-Child,\\" and Herbie seems to have a little more solo space here than on \\"Thrust,\\" including some very nice acoustic piano to funk with your mind a bit.  Both albums are definitely heavier and more funkified than \\"Head Hunters\\", as classic as that album is.    This particular European release of the album claims to be a remaster on the front, with the distinctive orange cover border from Sony's early '90s round of remasters, but there aren't any details given in the booklet about where or when it was remastered, so we'll just have to take Sony at their word, I guess.  Sounds fine to me, but I haven't heard other CD issues of the album to compare with.  About the booklet:  the essay is not very informative and has hilariously bad spelling and punctuation.  Obviously not aimed at an English-speaking crowd, and I have to think this would have been fixed had the remaster been released in the USA.  Speaking of which, why isn't this album included with \\"Head Hunters\\" and \\"Thrust\\" in Sony's most recent round of jazz remasters?  It deserves to be.
B000065DWH|5.0|This is one of the only items I've seen with over 10 reviews where every rating is 5 stars. This is one of the great concept albums of all time. It's one of the few albums that I've owned that I never hit the skip button. It's one of the few albums I can listen to over and over without getting burnt on it. Some of the others include the 4 amazing concept albums by Pink Floyd.    Being a native of Louisiana and knowing some of the history he refers to makes it that much more entertaining. It's sad, funny, tragic and real. The only criticism I have, as an alumnus of LSU, is the little piece in \\"Rednecks\\", \\"College men, LSU. Went in dumb, come out dumb too.\\" Remember, it is a satirical work.    Since Katrina, I can't listen to \\"Louisiana\\" without having to fight back tears.    I could go on about every tune, but I type slow. I feel sorry for anyone who hasn't discovered this album
B00000J0O2|5.0|The cartridge in my HP LaserJet 6L was running out of toner and I needed a replacement. I am disappointed with the Office Depot equivalent I purchased as a trial and have gone back to original equipment.
B000V8I2QU|1.0|y'know, there have been alot of \\"highly anticipated\\" releases by great artists lately and almost all of them have been mediocre.I have been a Springsteen fan since the beginning and the best thing I can say about this album is that it's ok to listen to if you're doing something else(unless you fall asleep) thanks dennis
B000OQF6N6|4.0|Although I would like to have seen the return of the Smashing Pumpkins  with all of the original band members, I feel that as long as Billy Corgan is involved, it cannot be anything but Classic Pumpkins!  Excellent CD.  If you are a fan of the Pumpkins brand of Rock, you will enjoy this return to glory.
0765348276|5.0|I was very impressed with Old Man's War - and I defy the average reader to NOT want to continue reading the series once this book ends (and it does have a good ending, with no overt call for it being a series except for popularity and the bounty of stories the vehicle offers).<br />I loved the pace and the characters - the voice was right on for me.<br />About 3/4th of the way in, there was a bit of a lull - and some awkward exposition - but this was balanced by the pleasure of reading the rest of the story.<br />I'll be following Scalzi's other work, and also trusting the jury for the Hugo awards, for the foreseeable future.
B0007VZ9DK|5.0|I guess it is expected that a few people may not like this movie, but I promise the majority will like this one.    It is one of my all-time favorites.  The cast is amazing.      I must add that I especially liked the baseball bat beating....it sounded so real.
B000VPUIA6|5.0|IVE READ THAT THIS WILL BE A VERY LIMITED EDITION. HOW MANY COPIES? THE LAST THING I READ WAS 25000 COPIES IN THE USA THUS THEIR JUSTICATION OF THE PRICE. ITS STILL TOO HIGH BUT IM SUCH SUCKER ER... FAN IM GETTING IT ANYWAY.
0307277887|5.0|Love Jeff Lindsay! He's my new favorite...used to be David Wiltse & Thomas Harris...no more! (But try David Wiltse if you haven't - I recommend starting with Close to the Bone) :) \\"Dexter\\" books are a very quick read, but that's okay...with this being a new show on Showtime I'm sure he's gonna be cranking these out @ warp speed, but the quality will not suffer, no doubt. Like Wiltse, he's one of those authors that grab you with the first paragraph and you can't put it down until your finished! AAAAA+++++ Catch DEXTER on Showtime if you haven't already!
B00009P1O2|5.0|I originally seen this concert on youtube and after getting the dvd it was sooo much better on my 27inch tv! I have yet to watch all of the concert but what I've seen is great.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I'm a serial killer/murdery mystery fanatic, so I'm biased on this one, sorry.  I love David Wiltse, Thomas Harris, Stephen King novels (hated I.T. though) authors that usually grab you by the first paragraph & you can't put it down until the next evening.  I'm now addicted to DEXTER!  MUST HAVE ALL of the DVD's!  Read the books first if you haven't already seen the shows, though...helps when you're viewing and you KNOW what he's thinking in his head!  Dexter is my hero, in that he is a serial killer who murders SERIAL KILLERS!!! But he only murders BAD serial killers, i.e., pediophile murders, etc!  Makes my heart beat fast & mouth water! I just wish I could HELP HIM!!! Oh! Read Tim Green, The Fifth Angel\\" - EXCELLENT Read!!! :)
1405500344|5.0|I'm a huge fun of Sedaris and his humor.  Having said this, I am so thrilled to have Christmas stories Sedaris style. Some of these stories are more funny than others.  Definitely, this book is worth reading or listening to (Book on cd is read by David Sedaris) to get you in the holiday season spirit if your idea of Christmas are elves and Santa Clause and crazy family reunions.
B000URDEB0|1.0|I just cannot believe all of 12 people voted a perfect 5 and actually like this album. Anette's vocals are absolutely horrible and shrill like a cat that had its tail yanked clear off. Gone is the unique, challenging, poetic, dramatic, operatic style Tarja made famous. Why do some of you like this ear piercing, harpy shrieking type of vocals? Nightwish has now sold out and gone pop. Please, if you value what Nightwish once was, do not buy this horrible album. I am almost speechless right now after listening to this album. I want my money back post haste.
B000SO7OL6|5.0|This is only the 2nd album I've purchased of Diana Krall's.  I bought the Platinum edition which has a DVD included.  If you like off-beat Jazz then you'll love this album, this woman has talent!  She's beautiful, great voice and great skills on the ivory.  I love the CD and DVD.  I think you'd be doing yourself a disservice is you didn't buy the version with the DVD included.  The video's are enjoyable and creative.
0385720920|4.0|This is perhaps Palahniuk's funniest book. It may read like porn but is in fact a pitch perfect  tour de force that only Palahniuk could write.
B000UJBYD8|3.0|DISCLAIMER: I am a huge Cult fan, so you can take this review with a grain of salt.     Virtually everytime the Cult has come out with a new album, even as a fan, the first 3 or 4 times I listen, my head is full of question marks as to whether I like the album or not... \\"Born Into This\\" is no exception. The first time thru, I felt my skin crawling during the opening line of \\"Holy Mountain\\" where Ian starts off sounding like a washed up Elvis. Yet once I got past that, I found myself sort of getting into it. Nonsensical lyrics are nothing new with the Cult - its part of what makes them so endearing.     On to the album;     Two albums in a row now, the Cult has left off a demo from the album and either a) put it on the import version (like 'Libertine' from BG&E - available on the Australian import) and b) \\"Stand Alone\\" - from Born Into This. In both cases (just my opinion) these two songs are not only the most Cult like but the best songs from each period.     Interestingly, the special edition of this album is selling much better than the standard version. That said, the majority are getting - my opinion - the best song on the album.     I find myself asking about the production as it sounds like it was recorded in a garage, perhaps that was on purpose after the bands own admission that BG&E was way over produced. The raw sound brings us back to Love and Dreamtime.     1. Born into this - Good riff - Missing the classic main verse that makes a Cult Song a Cult Song - 2 Stars     2. Citizens - Don't like it, missing too much of the main verse and Ian sounds tired - 1 star     3. Diamonds - Just average - like the beginning, but I find myself thinking about other things before the songs over - 1 Star     4. Dirt(y little rockstar) - This is where the album turns the corner - that said, I didn't get into this one until about the 10th listen, now it just soars to me - 4 Stars     5. Holy Mountain - I want to like it, but if you have Spirit/Light/Speed (Ian's dud 2000 solo album) - this sounds way too much like \\"Wild Like a Horse\\" - I swear its the same song with different lyrics - not bad, but Ian sounds better slow when he's rocking out to \\"Ciao Baby.\\" This one belongs in the lounge - 2 Stars     6. I Assassin - Love the riff! I get more into this one with each listen - 3.5 Stars     7. Illuminated - I hear a little \\"Hollow Man\\" in this one - 3 Stars     8. Tiger In The Sun - One of the two gems on the album - reminds me of Creeds \\"Higher\\" in that its not a fast paced song, but Ian delivers a great main verse with a lot of passion. 4 Stars     9. Savages - a Rocker - reminds me of \\"Shake The Sky\\" (one of the more underated songs from BG&E - along with \\"American Gothic\\") - Billy sort of goes off the deep end with this one - 3 Stars     10. Sound of Destruction - Solid, solid - like the guitar work, the non sensical lyrics - catchy. 3.5 Stars     11. Stand Alone - The lone GEM on the album that you can really hang your Cult hat on. 5 stars     12. War Pony Destroyer - bad title, bad lyrics, good guitar, only Ian could make a main verse out of the words \\"War Pony Destroyer...\\" - 2.5 Stars     13. I Assassin (DEMO) - Can't tell which is better, the album version or the demo - like 'em both about the same, love the rawness of the demo. 3.5 Stars     14. Sound of Destruction (demo) - Cleaner sounding than the album version - 3.5 Stars     15. Savages (Extended) - Don't know that we need an extended version of this song... But even as I write this, I'm hearing it for about the fifth time, and frankly, it gets considerably better with successive re-plays... 4 Stars     All and all, I'm thrilled they're back, wish there were more Sanctuaries or Rains mixed in, but this is the Cult afterall, every album is a bit of a departure from the previous, with the only real distinguishing characteristic being Ian's voice. Like the new sound, and as I've mentioned, with each successive listen, I'm finding more to like about the album... See you in Tampa on October 30th...
B000K15VSA|2.0|First off I really love Sci-Fi movies and have tried to watch this 3 times now and have fallen asleep everytime. My god this movie was so boring it couldnt hold my interest. I loved Alien and the second one (Aliens) even more although I am well aware Ridley Scott did not direct that one. This movie is perfect in one respect and that sleep disorder clinics could definitely use it as a cure for insomnia. Now thats the perfect way to re- release a 20 year old movie for the umpeenth time.
0803730470|5.0|I love reading this book to my 7 month old and just know that she will grow up to adore this book too.  Buy it, you will not regret it :)
B0002EXH4A|5.0|It isn't the remixed & remastered copy, I got it from someone here on amazon.<br />I personally think DAVE should've left the older albums the way they were,<br />I think they sound fine.<br />As most people say you can perfect something until you've perfectly screwed it up.<br />But on to the album, this album remind me of being in high school listening to this with my friend in my car.<br />My Favorite Songs: SET THE WORLD AFIRE, 502, LIAR, MARY JANE, HOOK IN MOUTH, ANARCHY IN THE UK is ok not my favorite.<br />This album still has the raw speed metal sound MEGADETH is famous for.<br />All together this is a high speed jammin album, one of MEGADETH's best.<br />I rate this CD a 5 of 5 stars!!
1932100660|5.0|Read this book - it could save your life. Probably the most important, definitive book on diet and health ever written. It was easy to read, hard to put down. One of our country's senior researchers tells the compelling story of his suprising discoveries and what that means for all of us. Thankyou Dr. Campbell - you've given me and my family a priceless gift.
B0002EXH40|5.0|I think this is a good album, but try to avoid getting a REMIX - REMASTERED copy it sounds totally different from the original album.<br />The original sounds better and you can actually tell what he is singing about.<br />If DAVE would have just remastered the albums that would have been cool, but he remixed them too.<br />Stick with the original it's always the best!!<br />I rate this CD a 5 of 5 stars!!
B000BUN7SQ|5.0|The Razor's Edge is a tale of one man (Larry) who was born and brought up in US, spend many years in Europe, first flying aircrafts in WW I and later living an idiosyncratic existence where he searched for purpose and ambition through books, languages and labor. He later travels to India, and finds solace in the Hindu philosophy, where he also learns how to medidate and be at peace with oneself and the world. Maugham writes a very accurate and engaging account of Hinduism.<br /><br />The novel explores the relationship of various people. The author as a part of story travels in and out of the life of Larry and his friends, and through several conversations that occur intermittenly recreates the story of Larry, Isabel, Gray, Elliot and Sophie. Isabel loves Larry, but Larry's insistance on choosing to loaf and search for the meaning of life and his purpose (and hence living a poor life) and marries Gray, the multimillionaire. Without divulging much details of the story, one can say that the author does a good job in making his characters real and interesting, and presents through them an array of human emotions.<br /><br />The Razor's edge is also a social commentary, and Maugham opens a window into the lifes and times of early twentieth century Upper classes, their constant striving for popularity and for materialistic pleasures, their hopes, and failings. The story is written in a sentiment and style that makes this discussion and critique on classes as invisible score playing somewhere in background.<br /><br />In modern context of the philosophy of science, as say Capra in his Tao of Physics points out, or read Complexity by Waldrop, Eastern and especially Indian ageold wisdom and philosophy resonantes with the new contexts and paradigms in science. The paradigms of having cycles of existence, of evolution and coevolution, of each and every action of every creature affecting everyone else (Butterfly Effect), of uncertainity and unpredictability. Some sentences about Hinduism are particularly well written, say quoting from the book \\" Can there be anything more stupendous than the conception that the universe has no beginning and no end, but passes everlastingly from growth to equilibrium, from equilibrium to decline, from decline to dissolution, from dissolution to growth, and so on till eternity?\\"<br /><br />Larry's description resonates with the beliefs and ideas I was taught while growing up in India. And since I have stayed in US for three years now, I guess I read into novel the kind of questions that I have faced: choice between materialism and spiritualism, choice between love and ambition, between my own country and the land of opportunity, of religion and beliefs! If you are a wanderer, and faced with such questions of life and reality, maybe you will love this book as much as I did!<br /><br />It ain't only a love story, does not mean it isn't a good love story. Read it, maybe you will like it too!arly well written, say quoting from the book \\" Can there be anything more stupendous than the conception that the universe has no beginning and no end, but passes everlastingly from growth to equilibrium, from equilibrium to decline, from decline to dissolution, from dissolution to growth, and so on till eternity?\\"    Larry's description resonates with the beliefs and ideas I was taught while growing up in India. And since I have stayed in US for three years now, I guess I read into novel the kind of questions that I have faced: choice between materialism and spiritualism, choice between love and ambition, between my own country and the land of opportunity, of religion and beliefs! If you are a wanderer, and faced with such questions of life and reality, maybe you will love this book as much as I did!    It ain't only a love story, does not mean it isn't a good love story. Read it, maybe you will like it too!
0767803434|4.0|This is one of my favorite Harrison Ford Movies!!<br />If you like action movies, you'll like this one!!<br />I would rate this movie a 4 of 5 stars!!
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|It's a different world than when Annie first hit these shores.  We used to wait desperately for information about a new Eurythmics album or single, and it was a thrill when we bought the first 45 off of each album, playing it over and over again.  Nowadays, so much is leaked beforehand that, by the time the album is released, we've heard it all.  So, we must seek our pleasures in other ways.  Fortunately, although we are older and Annie is older, she has enough passion pulsing through her veins to still affect us deeply with her voice.  Each of her albums has been its own island, and this one is no different.  Not whimsical like \\"Diva\\" or reserved like \\"Bare,\\" \\"Songs\\" is a driving, energized explosion of everything going on inside La Lennox's head.  Sure, there is the usual off-song (as every Eurythmics fan has come to expect on each album -- discuss amongst yourselves) -- \\"Fingernail Moon\\" --but that's at the end of the album, and, by that point, you've invested yourself too far to care.  I was struck by how natural, and raw, and passionate Annie's singing is on this album.  She is entering a great period, I think.  In the New York Times, she said that this album fulfills her record contract, and now she is free to make whatever music whenever she wants.  I predict she will become quite prolific, releasing things through her website, a la Ryan Adams.  I can't wait for the Latin album, and the folk album, and the dance album to which she alluded.
B00005JP5P|5.0|Sunshine is easily one of my favorite movies.  In fact, it's literally the first movie to move me so much that I felt compelled to write an Amazon review - my first! That the marketing of this movie was so bad is one of the greatest atrocities ever committed in modern day cinema. To describe the story would almost be an injustice since it sounds so cheesy (a voyage to the dying sun to reignite it...blah blah blah), but that's not what makes this movie. What really makes this movie is all of the interactions between what might be the most diverse space crew ever assembled, some AMAZING visuals and INCREDIBLE music (WHERE IS THE OST???), and some of the most poignant, emotional scenes ever to grace the screen. For better or worse the last half hour sticks out like a sore thumb (you'll wonder if it's even the same movie) but the good news is that everything ties up nicely at the end. The climactic scene with Kaneda and the Mercury scene are definitely among my favorite movie scenes ever - I could watch them over and over and get all emotional every single time. Do yourself a favor and experience Sunshine!
B000RG1FMO|3.0|I've been a fan of Kanye's previous two albums.  I thought they were very well-put-together, very solid start-to-end.  And while his newest \\"Graduation\\" is good, I'm a little confused by all of the 5-star reviews on here.   I just don't see this going down as an all-time hip-hop classic.    The beats as always are great.  He is one of the best producers working in the game right now; I particularly loved his work on Common's \\"Be\\" album.  Kanye's rapping, as some reviewers have already stated, is alright.  His style of rapping is really laid-back, you either like it or you don't.  He does drop some clever verses here and there though.      The one thing that kills me though about this album is that there are some utterly unlistenable songs on here, Drunk & Hot Girls in particular.  I can't imagine such a garbage song appearing on his previous two albums.  It's just painful and downright disappointing.  Who allowed that to go to print?    And that song helps make another point, that this album just feels too short.  I listened to this on my way to work and had to take a second look to see that \\"Wow, I'm already back on track 1.\\"  I think they let some of the bad songs onto the album just to add some filler.  Then the record company could say \\"Look, now it's a full-length album.\\"  Again, this would have never happened on College Dropout or Late Registration.    So overall, despite my complaints, I did actually enjoy the album.  Kanye has reached the point where we have such high expectations from him, that this album just wasn't going to live up to them.  It's good, yes, but not great.  Kanye's Graduation gets a C+ from me.  (The cover though gets an A+)
B000RG1FMO|4.0|As usual the beats are top of the line.  But, like many reviewers have said, his lyrics are lacking inspiration on this album, its all style with his delivery but the actual words are terrible.      Anyway, by beats alone, except for two songs I think every song could be a single on this album.      Pros: Of course, excellent beats, great art work, Kanye's style, a lot of great songs    Cons: Except for \\"Big Brother,\\" Kanye's lyrics are technically subpar and lacking in inspiration.  Also, the album is pretty short, it left me wanting more.
B00005JP5P|3.0|I'd love to say this was the great bits taken from all the great sci-fi movies.. but somehow this does not scale even those trifling heights.  It shoots high, as a thought provoking yet exciting scifi, in the mission to save earth category.  But ultimately, though full of great character acting and quirky casting, a masterpiece is not pulled off.. merely a film that reminds you of masterpieces.  The actors are a wonderfully believable eclectic bunch, with the physicist played by Cillian Murphy at the core of the story.  Effects and sets are effective and draw you into a believable scenario... Earth is doomed due to its fading star, the only hope to reignite the star is the Icarus 2, carrying the worlds last remaining fissile resources, a huge bomb to create `a star within a star' and save Earth.  The rub is, a previous identical expedition was lost with no explanation .  After setting up this `Event Horizon' type scenario, this goes through some terrific set pieces which make the movie worth watching.  Unfortunately it does not go anywhere, until it climaxes in an ending which is neither explained, nor explainable, and feels rather tacked on to round the film off in a somewhat conventional way.  Overall then, this sets itself up as a meaningful multilevel scifi, but ulimately proves to be quite insubstantial, even though well polished.
630469654X|5.0|Great film. Great music. Wonderful landscapes. Good baddie. My favourite scene is the horseback fight set in the cathedral. The way the monks in the background move to express their horror, fear and shock at what they are seeing demonstrates totally the sublime art of crowd choreography. They move separately but together at the same time. And you never once get to see their faces. Absolutely brilliant.     What I didn't like. The leading lady's Brooklyn accent. The day for night cinematography.     It needs to be remade. Just for the sake of it.
1596912375|4.0|I'm new to this author so I didn't know what to expect, especially when I read that the story was about espionage that took place during Nazi Germany. Robert Ludlum has always been my favorite author for stories during this period, but I must say William Boyd ranks right up there with Mr. Ludlum. The story was a thrilling read and the research was apparent in the details that the author ensured was portrayed in the story. Once I started reading the book it moved along at brisk pace and soon I found myself reading page after page. I could hardly put the book down. Just a terrific page turner and a super read.
B00006D295|5.0|i saw this movie for the first time 3 years ago and loved it ever since. Tim Curry is wonderful
061891868X|4.0|This book provided several discussions pf physics and quantum theory. its good because the author speaks of the history the the originators of physics theory and the current champions of thought.
0765316889|4.0|Brandon Sanderson's The Well of Ascension is the sequel to Mistborn, a very strong beginning to a new trilogy.  Bridge books are always dicey things--many fall into a sophomore slump, meandering along trying to get from A to C with the required stop at B (because everyone knows a fantasy story can't be told in only two books, let alone one).  Luckily for fans of the first book, Ascension doesn't fall into that trap.<br /><br /> For those who haven't read the first book, what are you doing reading a review of the second? Anyway, stop reading now, because it's nearly impossible to discuss Ascension without reference to prior events in book one. Spoiler warning. If you know Mistborn well, skip the next paragraph.<br /><br />  Mistborn is set in an ashen, mist-filled world whose myths tell of a time when plants were green. The world is dominated by the Lord Ruler, a seemingly immortal tyrant who had ruled for centuries, ruthlessly oppressing the majority population of Skaa, as well as the much smaller class of nobles.  The Lord Ruler is also the hero who centuries ago defeated the mysterious \\"Deepness\\", saving the world from complete destruction.  The magic system in Mistborn is \\"allomancy\\".  Allomancers (a small percentage of the population) can \\"burn\\" certain metals to give them superhuman abilities, such as super-strength, super-senses, etc. There are only 10 such metals known and most allomancers can burn only one. True mistborns, however, can burn all.  One powerful and charismatic mistborn, Kelsier, leads a group of thieves in their greatest caper--taking down the Lord Ruler.  Integral to his plans is a street urchin girl named Vin, a more powerful mistborn than Kelsier.  By the end (spoiler),  the Lord Ruler is killed, as is Kelsier, and the Skaa are freed.<br /><br />One of the pleasures of Ascension is that it picks up where most fantasy novels end.  Ding dong, the Dark Lord is Dead.  What's left to tell? Turns out plenty. First of all, the rebels start to learn that it's easy to carp from the sidelines but when it's your turn to actually rule, things aren't so simple.  They also face the rule of \\"unintended consequences\\".  Sure, the tyrannical Dark Lord is dead. But all that tyranny had a plus side--people were too scared to fight among themselves. Now civil war has broken out and young, bookish Elend Venture, the new king of Luthadel, faces three besieging armies, all trying to take his city and the rumored stockpile of treasure amassed by the Lord Ruler.<br /><br />Oh, and that \\"free the Skaa, end despotism, move toward rule by the people\\" stuff that sounded so good in conspiratorial alley-meetings? Turns out sometimes \\"the people\\" aren't so smart. Or grateful.  Not to mention the nobles continue to plot to find ways to retain their power, even if that means giving up the city to one of the armies.<br /><br />The newly-freed Skaa, by the way, are wondering why they aren't getting regular stockpiles of food and tools etc.  When they slaved on plantation estates they were horribly treated but someone fed them. Now they have to do it themselves and winter is quickly approaching.<br /><br />And finally, the whole \\"Lord Ruler saved the world from a great evil\\" propaganda may, it turns out, have been right. And with the Lord Ruler gone, that evil may be back. The mists are now coming during the day and are starting to kill people.<br /><br />If that sounds like a lot to deal with, it is. And that's not to mention the son-wanting-to-kill the father subplot, the brother-versus-brother subplot, the Vin and Elend romance subplot, the new bad Mistborn in town subplot, the other romance subplot, and, well, you get the idea.<br /><br />Sanderson is juggling a lot here and the truth is he does it with a lot of aplomb.  There's a sense of true fun in the telling of this story, despite its dark moments. It doesn't quite have the humor or Oceans 11 banter of Mistborn; it is a much more introspective, darker book in many ways, but it still feels like the author had a great time with it.  And there are funny parts.  The magical system remains a strength due to its utter originality and the way it gets refined and furthered, though the allomantic battles are a bit hard to follow at times.  The secondary characters, with one prime exception and two other less-pronounced ones, aren't  as strong as in Mistborn, but the focus on Elend and Vin makes up for that somewhat as they are compelling characters in their own right, if not as charismatic as Kelsier. Vin's victories seem a bit too predictable at times, but Sanderson balances that somewhat by not being afraid to have some major side characters die off.  Even better is that the book sometimes spills off into very unpredictable directions, though that's all one can say about that.  And the ending, though perhaps a bit rushed/abrupt, nicely closes off one story while greatly expanding the larger tale, much as happened in Mistborn.<br /><br />Truth be told, the Mistborn series is one of the more original and enjoyable reads in fantasy I've had in some time. It's original in its own fashion, turning away from the typical fantasy tropes but without simply following down the path of the earlier \\"rebellious\\" fantasies, the once-new but now familiar \\"gritty\\" epic fantasies such as Martin or Erickson (both of whom I'm fans of).  The series is highly recommended.
B000MV8AE0|5.0|Harris catches much of LVB's character - from  what we know about him. Harris truly nailed this one! *** Show this to students to turn them on to classical music. Hard to imagine anyone not moved by the final performing scenes.
1598954768|5.0|This makes an excellent gift. The picture above (at this time anyway) is not accurate. This is a little MP3 player with a picture of the DaVinci Code cover on it. It comes with earplugs and two batteries, and a lanyard if you want to wear it around your neck. On the back there's volume control, rewind/fast forward/play buttons, on/off switch, and buttons for an equalizer to adjust how it sounds, and a speed button to slow it down, go regular, or go faster. You can't record anything else onto it. It's just the unabridged version of this book. It sounded great, it's very light, and it was fun to use and wear (people asked about it).
0743486285|5.0|Loved this book.  Not only a cautionary tale, but a story of hope for even the most desperate.  As disgusting as Nikki is during this time, you can't help but root for him.  He's never arrogant and always accountable.  Couldn't put the book down, loved every page.
B000055Y0Y|5.0|This is one of Clint Eastwood's best roles - an aging Secret Service Agent trying to keep the physical pace with the new generation young agents, but having no problems with excelling over them knowledge wise.  John Malkovich plays a great bad guy.  Rene Russo is a real plus as the \\"new breed\\" Secret Service Agent.  A real thriller and a plus for The United States Secret Service!
B00004Y6O9|5.0|Van Halen's debut album was an instant classic. In fact, every classic rock station in the country plays several cuts from this album. Even as a majority of the original members tour this year, this music never gets too old. VH still sounds as good as it did way back then. I'm grateful I found this on CD quality sound.
1567184855|5.0|There is one major difference between Dr. Newton's work compared to Dr. Weiss' work: Newton focusses on the time and activities of a soul in between lifes on Earth, while Weiss reports on the healing aspect of past life regression. There is actually not much overlap in the work of these two authors as far as I can tell (I know two of Newton's books and four or so of Dr. Weiss).    This book is a fairly easy read. Michael's language is clear and easy to understand. He clearly states his points, sometimes muses on his own interpretation of the data, but never goes off on a tangent.     The entire book is more or less centered around 29 case studies, i.e. subjects he hypnotized and regressed to their times in between lifes on Earth. Michael does start out demonstrating how a soul leaves the body at death and what happens next, and also when appropriate shows details of the previous lifes of his patients, but the focus is definitely on the activites in the soul plane. The book is very nicely structured both by the different stages upon entering and leaving the soul plane, as well as by advancement level of soul. He uses each case study to illustrate either a different stage, soul activity, or advancement level. There are chapters that explain the purpose of guides, what soul mates are, and how a new life and body are chosen.    Now, how about actually believing this? I do not have personal experience with past life regression. I know people who do. The concept of reincarnation makes a lot of sense to me, and I do not actually question the validity of it. What Michael's subjects are reporting to him in trance does effectively sound like Science Fiction often times. I was at first put off by the idea of a structured organization in the soul plane that does not sound that much different from life on Earth. That souls advance by learning both on Earth and in the soul plane in study groups. That there are advanced soul beings that are facilitating the soul activites. That advanced soul beings are guiding souls and (in some respect) judging the soul's performance. This all just sounds so un-divine.     Nevertheless, a lot of it sounds fantastic in a positive sense. The idea that souls have incarnated on other planets. That the more advanced souls experiment with creation. How souls start connecting with the brains of their assigned baby. There is a lot of content here that will amaze you! I recommend this book to folks that already believe in reincarnation (otherwise you may find Dr. Weiss' books a better introduction) and are interested in what may be happening between lifes. Especially Dr. Newton's second book offers a lot more detail on all the topics covered here.
6304493681|5.0|This is a great animation and wonderful story line. I heard about this from the \\"making of the animatrix\\". It's apparent that a few of the animation styles and cinematics from this movie were used in the Live action Matrix movie itself. This is a great work and you'll find yourself watching over and over again, even if you're not an anime fan.
B000O77RLE|5.0|Superb movie by Clint Eastwood; battle of Iwo Jima from Japanese perspective. Well told, well worth watching.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000O77QD8 Flags of Our Fathers [Blu-ray]]]
0596101996|5.0|I've had this book for a few years now and I think I've about worn it out and need to get another copy. I took it to work and my whole department borrows it on a weekly basis. It's very handy and covers almost everything you would need to know (from a professional level) about javascript. It's the \\"definitive guide\\" though, so you probably don't want to read this one cover to cover unless you're a robot. For anyone looking for a technical reference this is great.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|Editorial Reviews<br /><br />The epic graphic novel by Frank Miller (\\"Sin City\\") assaults the screen with the blood, thunder and awe of its ferocious visual stylefaithfully recreated in an intense blend of live-action and CGI animation. Retelling the ancient Battle of Thermopylae, it depicts the titanic clash in which King Leonidas (Gerard Butler) and 300 Spartans fought to the death against Xerxes (Rodrigo Santoro) and his massive Persian army. Experience history at swordpoint. And moviemaking with a cutting edge.
8186336141|5.0|This is in my opinion one of the best books available on yoga.  It covers the most basic techniques to some of the most advanced poses.  I picked this book up about a week ago and have only gone though some of the basic poses but already I benefited.  Throughly comprehensive and detailed, the pictures and instruction are clear and step by step.  It also goes into detail on breathing techniques and other aspects of yoga.  Certainly a must by in my opinion for anyone new to yoga or anyone who has been doing their own daily practice for while, this will add to it!
B000068IEU|1.0|This movie is a painfull experience.  I'm really not that pickey when it comes to movies but I can honestly say this is the worst movie I have ever seen in every sense of the word.  This movie has no redeaming qualities other than the fact that it eventually ends.    When you start this movie you will wish you never started it.  I'm a Wes Craven fan but even he is probably ashamed of this.  I'll say it one more time, this is the worst movie I have ever seen and in no way is this frightening.  It may be a little disturbing, but even the diturbing parts are not entertaining, they are just terrible.  The plot?  Honestly, if you have find any plot email me cause I am curious as to what this painful experience is all about.  Slit your wrist or take a lot of mind expanding drugs before even considering this.
1933784032|4.0|The book is great for star wars fans. It has loads of reference photos in a variety of production areas. If you want a good present or inspiration to sculpt this would do it.
B000VAPZM2|4.0|My four year old daughter loved \\"Troy Bowltun\\" and \\"Gabreehlla\\" from the first HSM and couldn't wait to see the second one!  The funny thing is, I was almost as excited as she was!  I can't get over how Zac Efron is basically a new David Cassidy - looks, singing, everything. . .I really want to see him in Hairspray.  I think that Zac gets an opportunity to do a bit more mature acting in HSM 2.  However, I think that Vanessa Hudgens' acting seems more stunted.  Ashley Tisdale is perfection as Sharpay.  I wish that Lucas Grabeel would do a spin-off of this movie . . . he seems to have the whole package when it comes to acting and singing.  Buy this movie -it is pure enjoyment.
B000OZ2CZW|4.0|Rihanna has come up with a really strong set of songs.  She has an interesting voice and shows it off pretty well.  The strongest songs such as \\"Umbrella\\", \\"Push Up on Me\\" and \\"Shut Up and Drive\\" really shows her voice.  Not the gretest voice, but a  better then average and a pleasing sound.    Well produced and orchastrated.  A cd worth getting.  Good, solid pop.
B000F1IQN2|4.0|Many talented people invested a great deal of effort in the making of Munich, and this passion shows. (The actor playing the role of a Palestinian gunman pacing onto the balcony of the Israeli compound in exact sequence with the infamous real life footage was utterly chilling.) My lack of total and complete admiration for this film comes from the fact that the quality of the plot was drastically uneven, there was not enough story to match its long run-time, and I could not escape the suspicion that much of what I was watching onscreen was simply a fiction, not based on actual events as claimed. Munich ran out of gas too early and never quite found its message, so it tried unsuccessfully to be about many things. What Munich did nicely was raise the question of when justice mutates into revenge, and when preventative counter-attacks to prevent future terrorism themselves become terrorism. As a movie it was better than most of what gets made in American cinema today but it was also disappointing given what it could have been with so much talent behind it.
0071410945|5.0|......that's all it takes to learn how to come up with new & creative ideas, time after time. As Young says, the idea & the technique itself are so plain & logically simple that you may even miss it; despite the fact that the book is only some 48 pages long. It's easy to read & in your haste to learn \\"the secret\\" you may finish the book too quickly. Some thoughtful reading is required, so please don't dismiss the book because of its apparent brevity.<br /><br />The fact that the book has survived successfully for over 40 years in print is testament to Young unique (but not new) teaching.<br /><br />Although Young does not refer to it, I am reminded of many writers & books that go into great detail explaining the \\"science of the mind\\" & the wonderful way the brain [or mind] works & how it can be used to spawn new ideas & create solutions to problems. Sometimes referred to Mental Science, its philosophy & teachings go back thousands of years & weren't fully recognised until around the time of the 1900's.<br /><br />If after reading this you wish to develop & research this technique further, I would highly recommend Emmet Fox's \\"Power Through Constructive Thinking\\".
1582701709|4.0|I enjoyed and am still enjoying this book.  I reread passages often.  This is not just about the Power of Positive Thinking to get what you want specifically.  It is a philosophy.  Think good thoughts; review your daily events before you sleep; turn around negative events; give thanks for what you do have.  People who abide by those ideas will automatically develop a more positive outlook which in turn makes people around them feel better.  Like when you're on the road and someone wants to get in front of you, if you wave and let them go, you usually see someone behind you taking up the chain to do the same thing.  It's contagious and right-thinking.  An EXCELLENT book with great thoughts of many contemporary philosophers and motivational speakers.
B000LB9EDW|5.0|......that's all it takes to learn how to come up with new & creative ideas, time after time. As Young says, the idea & the technique itself are so plain & logically simple that you may even miss it; despite the fact that the book is only some 48 pages long. It's easy to read & in your haste to learn \\"the secret\\" you may finish the book too quickly. Some thoughtful reading is required, so please don't dismiss the book because of its apparent brevity.<br /><br />The fact that the book has survived successfully for over 40 years in print is testament to Young unique (but not new) teaching.<br /><br />Although Young does not refer to it, I am reminded of many writers & books that go into great detail explaining the \\"science of the mind\\" & the wonderful way the brain [or mind] works & how it can be used to spawn new ideas & create solutions to problems. Sometimes referred to Mental Science, its philosophy & teachings go back thousands of years & weren't fully recognised until around the time of the 1900's.<br /><br />If after reading this you wish to develop & research this technique further, I would highly recommend Emmet Fox's \\"Power Through Constructive Thinking\\".
B000BTGY1O|4.0|I have never watched the video. It was a gift for a friend. The product was shipped to me on time!
B000R30EKG|5.0|......that's all it takes to learn how to come up with new & creative ideas, time after time. As Young says, the idea & the technique itself are so plain & logically simple that you may even miss it; despite the fact that the book is only some 48 pages long. It's easy to read & in your haste to learn \\"the secret\\" you may finish the book too quickly. Some thoughtful reading is required, so please don't dismiss the book because of its apparent brevity.<br /><br />The fact that the book has survived successfully for over 40 years in print is testament to Young unique (but not new) teaching.<br /><br />Although Young does not refer to it, I am reminded of many writers & books that go into great detail explaining the \\"science of the mind\\" & the wonderful way the brain [or mind] works & how it can be used to spawn new ideas & create solutions to problems. Sometimes referred to Mental Science, its philosophy & teachings go back thousands of years & weren't fully recognised until around the time of the 1900's.<br /><br />If after reading this you wish to develop & research this technique further, I would highly recommend Emmet Fox's \\"Power Through Constructive Thinking\\".
0879306033|5.0|In a word , addictive.   I love this book, I keep coming to it looking for info year after year.
B000OGGROI|5.0|......that's all it takes to learn how to come up with new & creative ideas, time after time. As Young says, the idea & the technique itself are so plain & logically simple that you may even miss it; despite the fact that the book is only some 48 pages long. It's easy to read & in your haste to learn \\"the secret\\" you may finish the book too quickly. Some thoughtful reading is required, so please don't dismiss the book because of its apparent brevity.<br /><br />The fact that the book has survived successfully for over 40 years in print is testament to Young unique (but not new) teaching.<br /><br />Although Young does not refer to it, I am reminded of many writers & books that go into great detail explaining the \\"science of the mind\\" & the wonderful way the brain [or mind] works & how it can be used to spawn new ideas & create solutions to problems. Sometimes referred to Mental Science, its philosophy & teachings go back thousands of years & weren't fully recognised until around the time of the 1900's.<br /><br />If after reading this you wish to develop & research this technique further, I would highly recommend Emmet Fox's \\"Power Through Constructive Thinking\\".
0060763892|5.0|The Judas Strain is what, the fourth SIGMA book? But while I often get bored with some series, Rollins keeps Painter, Gray, Kat, Monk and the rest interesting by pulling no punches and having no fear when it comes to twisting their lives in new directions, sometimes good, sometimes painful. In this way, the characters grow more interesting with each novel. But the characters are not what keep me reading Rollins' books...it's the concepts. I'm constantly marveled by Rollin's ability to come up with a unique angle on science and religion and he does it again in The Judas Strain. From angelic scripts to a sinister bacteria that kills some, heals others and makes the rest raving mad. From the ruins of Angkor Watt (sp?) to the crab infesting Christmas Island, Rollins keeps the pages turning in the Judas Strain. Well worth the read!<br /><br />-- Jeremy Robinson, bestselling author of [[ASIN:0312540280 Pulse (A Chess Team Adventure)]] and [[ASIN:1935142011 Kronos]]
B000EJ9MTW|3.0|There's no denying that Wolfmother have talent. To harken back to the glory days of big blues-riff rock is not a bad thing either. It just seems that there are far too many of these guys out there now. Bands like Gov't Mule have been holding this candle for far longer and really bring the classic heavy to their music. Plus, for newer stadium/space rock, nobody beats Amplifier's debut of a few years back, and that album has a ton more originality to it while still paying respect to the greats. I guess I would like to see this band become something more than just another retread.
B000V8I2QU|1.0|Sorry Bruce fans and casual listeners, but this album is nowhere near his best.  None of the songs have the fresh punch from Born to Run, Darkness, or River nor the interesting feels of Nebraska, Rising, or Seeger Sessions.  The songs and arrangements are formulaic.  I won't comment on the production quality which has already been solidly criticized,      The only song I find 1/2 interesting is \\"Girls in their summer clothes.\\"  Many of the sax solos feel forced, like someone was thinking \\"I need to get a Clarence solo in here someplace.\\"      In a nutshell what's missing is the fun Jersey shore party sounds aka 10th Ave Freezeout, Sherry Darling, Hungry Heart and the deeper tunes like Darkness, River, Independence Day and the Price you Pay.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|For two days I have owned and have listened to this album. For 27 years I have owned and listened to Bruce Springsteen albums - filling in the 70's catalog after the release of Born in the USA in the mid 80s. I've listened to it all - I've seen Bruce with and without the E Street Band, in stadiums and in intimate theaters. If a fan is qualified to comment on Bruce's latest release I'd like to think I've earned my taste in his music.    That said, I think it's fair to say that \\"Magic\\" may be the most musically rewarding album I've heard from this artist. For me, I think it's his strongest collection of songs since The River. I know Born in the USA was the jillion-seller, but for me the River contains such a moving, emotional, and touching collection of fully realized songs. From the barn-burning \\"Sherry Darling\\" to the pop stunner \\"Hungry Heart\\" to the heartbreaking title track, The River is one impressive collection of songs.    Enter, at long last, Magic. Between the suspicious meditation on romance that is Tunnel of Love to the fast-n-loose Seeger tribute album, the Boss has seemingly done it all, but he has brought it all home with Magic. What makes it so unmistakably Springsteen is that the Boss is Back, asking the question he's been asking of his audiences for years: IS ANYBODY ALIVE OUT THERE?    With Magic, he asks that question over and over again, not just in the phenomenal opener \\"Radio Nowhere,\\" but in the stories he tells of soldiers dying for a mistake, of bodies coming home in coffins, and of a country held sway by a snake oil salesman. Springsteen demands the attention of the listener in a way he hasn't done since who knows when.    (My personal opinion is that the deceptively jovial Seeger Sessions were significantly political and full of bile toward the current regime, but the songs sounded too cheery for many to catch the commentary.)    But aside from the message is the music. This is an E Street Band album if ever there was one, and in a way thatis as fully realized as anything they've ever done. Why do some of these songs sound like the E Street Band by way of the Beach Boys? Whether its to the credit of Bruce, the band or the producer, the sound of these songs is gorgeous. Bittan and Federici have never sounded so present in the mix, Little Steven's background vocals have never emphasized the right lyrics better, and if there was ever a better argument for Clarence Clemons as the most powerful weapon the E Street Band has, I'd like to hear it. Quite simply, Clemons' work on this album is transcendent. His solos don't just enhance the songs, they add another chapter to the story. I'm no musical scholar, but I'm certain there's enough to appreciate in this album to keep any music fan of any level discovering new gems with every listen.    Not to speak for all Springsteen fans, but my ears, a fan's dream. A very good dream.
B000051YGH|1.0|This is not a DVD.  It is an audio concert recorded in DVD format.  Do not expect to see a concert.  The visual portion is just some static titles.  I returned mine as soon as I saw what it was.
0143038419|1.0|Don't even bother to read from the library.  A self-centered story that is a perfect example of much of what is wrong with our culture.
B000KQGX1Y|5.0|I can't begin to find the words to describe this CD; it's as close to hearing angels sing as most people will ever come.  My wife and I were fortunate enough to see Celtic Women perform in Raleigh, North Carolina about eight months ago and were totally blown away by the sheer power of their performance, absolutely magnificent!  During intermission we purchased the standard version of their CD, \\"Celtic Women - A New Journey,\\" and, although this was a lovely CD, the Deluxe Edition with bonus tracks was worth the slight extra expense.  The Irish charm included with the package was a nice touch as well.  I rate this CD 5 Stars!
B000QUCNP4|2.0|I can only give this film 2 stars now for it being over 2 hours and being made in a way where it is building up to a big climax and then all of a sudden it has cut to 20 years in the future to text I could not even read about what happened.     I did not know this thing was based on a true story, however, it is clear in the end that it is because no one in there right mind would end a film this way. It introduces characters that just disappear and what the heck is the point of character building and being captivated and sucked into there plot to uncover a murderer when it just leaves things unresolved in the end with no climax.     Ok, so it's based on a true story... so they would not make a fictional ending... it either would have been better to have had some kind of finale they made up and just said it was BASED on a true story, or they should have skipped getting so involved with the characters in this, the movie up until the end was pretty good, i did like it, I'm just really disappointed that the end of the movie went no where. And I could not read the story it had printed up as it's ending. Who picked that font and size?    So there is a directors cut coming out... i don't think i will bother with it, I like a movie that has a beginning a middle and an end, not one that goes for 3 hours and then suddenly stops leaving every thing you are waiting to see explained or discovered to come together.    Interesting story, but I can only see this working when either reading about it or watching it as a documentary or something, not a finale-less feature film.
B000002ITM|5.0|I bought this album basically because I heard \\"Electric Crown\\" and loved it.  The rest of the album is just as strong.  Testament has a heavy, powerful sound that should appeal fans of bands like Metallica, Anthrax, Slayer, etc. Though Testament doesn't have quite the speed and energy of these bands, their music is still fast enough that it avoids the super-slow death metal grind.<br /><br />Testament seems to have a winning formula on this album, and they don't deviate too far from it for the duration of the cd.  However, they mix up their riffs, rhythm, and lyrics enough to keep things from getting monotonous.  They sound a lot like Metallica, but Testament favors a slightly slower wall of sound approach compared to Metallica's fast, staccato rhythms.  One of Testament's is an intense, angry-sounding singer that will remind most people of James Hetfield of Metallica (Black Album and earlier...).<br /><br />I am definitely going to be buying more Testament albums in the future.<br /><br />Strongest tracks:<br />Signs of Chaos(intro) -> Electric Crown<br />Deadline<br /><br />Strong tracks:<br />So Many Lies<br />The Ritual (think Phantom Stranger by Rob Zombie)<br />Let Go of my World<br />As the Seasons Grey<br />Return to Serenity (a slow ballad that won't kill you slowly!)<br /><br />Weak tracks:<br />the rest of the album is still pretty good<br /><br />Summary:  Testament is great thrash(ish?) metal. Though they incorporate many of Metallica's strengths into their own sound, they aren't just ripping them off.
B000RG1FMO|3.0|I love how mindless people can be with hype.  Its amazing to watch it snowball, to hear \\"Kanye beat 50 cent\\" and \\"his album is pretty amazing\\" and \\"oh my god its awesome.\\"  Then you get the album and listen to it....    Great production.  Good samples.  Fun jams.  But Kanye isn't breaking ground here.  He's not a rapper.  He's a stylist.  Listening to Kanye rap is kinda like listening to P.Diddy (or whatever his name is at the moment) rap.  Occasionally you hear a nice thought or two, but there's no seamless flow, no raw energy, no lyrical substance.    Kanye's probably a pretty cool guy.  He can dress well, and I really like that he chose that Kid Robot Japanime style for his album art.  Very un machismo hip hop.  Seeing a cartoon bear is a refreshing change from guns, naked chicks, or bling.    Anyway, its another example of how hip hop is about selling albums.    Too bad 50 couldn't keep up the measured anger from Get Rich or Die Tryin.  He woulda won this one hands down.  Mo money less talent, apparently.    This album is kinda fun and that's about it.  Jump on the bandwagon.  Give this album a year and it'll be covered in dust.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|I loved it, im a huge Quentin Tarantino films, and i have all of them on dvd.     I liked Grindhouse a lot, i saw the theather version and loved it, although PLANET TERROR was noisier and had more action, i liked DEATH PROOF more, the  final minutes are amazing.    I know people are dissapointed about the GRINDHOUSE movie being split, , but what am i going to do, just buy the two dvds.    The movie itself is great, great acting, fun conversations, great action sequences and i think its one of the most originals movies i have seen recently.    Just the final frame with THEN END was worth the movie.      The movie itself (grindhouse) was great. and im excited about the extended version of Death proof, wich was my favorite from the two.    I just whished this movie could originate more original movies, because by far, this is one of the best of the year for me
B000SZLSB2|5.0|Just like BACK TO BEDLAM, this album is great, at first it seems a little slow, but it grows on you, amazing lyrics, good music, showing that james is no one hit wondes, hes here to make great music, and hopefully make more good records.    My favorites:  Same Mistake  Carry you home  Shine on  Give some love
B00004RJ74|2.0|I thought this movie was going to rock.  Sadly, it did not rock.  The only good scenes were with Cheech.  The few scenes he was in were hilarious.     The action and violence did not start until the movie was more than half over.     Basically Clooney and his gang of hostages barge in on a very festive mexican stip joint.  Later they find out it is run by a psycho array of vampires.  Towards the end of the film they fight off a hundred vampires that come out of nowhere.      This movie had a pretty simple plot and it wasn't too interesting either.    Some of the vampires looked scary while others looked corny.       Overall I was disappointed.     My favorite Tarantino movie is Kill Bill 2.  Favorite vampire movies are Interview with the vampire, Blade 2, and Dracula.
067166736X|4.0|I first heard of this book years ago through a strong recommendation by Stephen Covey in the 7 Habits, but didn't think about it until earlier this year when I was at Half Price. I was at the bookstore to buy another Covey book, \\"The 8th Habit\\", and then I spotted Dr. Frankl's book.<br /><br />Nothing against most self-help/productivity books (I know I've read more than my share) but after a while they can seem kind of stupid. There's a point where some random dude telling you how you should live your life becomes a highly ineffective approach to growth.<br /><br />Which is why Man's Search for Meaning appealed to me. Not only does the author back up his thoughts on suffering and meaning through extensive research, Dr. Frankl applied his ideas to help survive his three-years in the Holocaust, and so has a huge personal connection to the ideas he's presenting.<br /><br />What he's talking about, as many others have agreed, is pretty straightforward: by creating meaning in life, you have the capacity to move beyond any hardship in life. But Dr. Frankl provides a way to really help internalize this idea, which is why I highly, highly recommend this book.
0805079831|1.0|To quote Beck: in the age of Friedman I was no Chicago boy. I am sympatetic of neoliberals and pragmatic democrats. I loathe sad little men like Norquist or other pseudo-intellectual point men. However, whenever I read more than 50 pages of any book authored by Klein, I am always on the verge of joining the Freemen of Montana. Before you make my mistake, may I recommend that you watch the short documentary of the same name (directed by none other than A. Cuaron), listen to her speech to the NAACP (on YouTube), and to the \\"debate\\" between her and Greenspan (on Democracy Now!, and YouTube). Klein's book is really a palimpsest, whose original text is \\"The Corporation\\" (both a book and a movie). The metaphor is the same (capitalism as illness); so is the rethoric, and the use of linguist cliches (\\"the ground zero of counterrevolution\\"). But the main conceptual flaw is that the book is incredibly biased. It's very hard to ignore the tangible benefits of market-based reforms in great part of Asia, in the UK, in Chile. Yet, Klein pulls it. There are no statistics, no hard data or sources. Everything is portrayed to fit into a fantastically coordinated capitalist conspiracy theory in which the IMF and Global Warming are buddies, almost on a par with \\"Confession of an Economic Hit Man\\". The funniest thing though is to see Friedman portrayed as the intellectual puppet-master of the whole enterprise. What about Hayek, then? Milton is the real Dr. Evil, and his acolytes are sharks with laser beams on their backs. Unfortunately, Naomi Klein's insight into economic theory is worse than Austin Power's insight into female psychology.<br /><br />This book is of course not aiming for serious scholarship. But even as a well-reasoned polemic, it falls short. Too self-righteous, and just a bit too ranting. Are this the best arguments the left have to offer? Read Amartya Sen, or Brookings Institution's papers for a reasoned view from the left. You may even read Friedman.
B000JIHP88|5.0|My son loved the mobile when he was younger.  He would watch the animals go around and the leaves move up and down.  As he got older, I took off the mobile and kept the music part attached to his crib.  I don't know why people are saying the music is too soft.  I have it set at the lowest level, and it still puts my son to sleep.  When he wakes up, he likes to turn it on and lay in his crib and listen to it in the morning.
B000H305U0|5.0|I bought this CD solely after seeing his concert on HBO.  What an entertainer!  Everytime I listen to it I can visualize him and his dancers onstage.  It totally takes me out of the moment---in a weird kind of way, a mini vacation as I'm driving through traffic.
014240165X|5.0|[Fun: 5/5] [Learning: 3/5] [Suitable: 4/5]<br /><br />For a great action-packed James Bond-esque novel for kids, this has to be the winner.  Full of action and adventure, the story follows a reluctant boy-spy for MI6 through his mission to gather information, which inevitably turns out to be a much bigger assignment than anyone would have guessed.  Though the book dates itself (several of his gadgets are made from already outdated technology), it does a good job of pulling off the spy-thriller feel.  Predictable in points, and a bit violent, Horowitz does do a good job of keeping the gore to a minimum.  Though rather cliche (what spy book isn't anymore), it is a fun action read.<br /><br />Audience:<br />* Teen Readers (Grades 8-12)<br /><br />Positive Themes:<br />* Ingenuity<br />* Good vs. Evil<br /><br />Objectionable Content:<br />* Violence<br />* Some graphic scenes<br /><br />My Recommendations:<br />* Readers may also enjoy the [[ASIN:0786838663 Young James Bond]] series by Charlie Higson, as well as other teen books by Anthony Horowitz.<br /><br />Bookmom - Get involved in your child's reading!
B000V8I2QU|4.0|\\"Magic\\" is not on par with \\"Born to Run,\\" \\"Darkness on the Edge of Town,\\" or \\"The River,\\" but it ranks with \\"Born in the U.S.A.\\" and easily surpasses Springsteen's other post-1980s albums.
B000UR366S|5.0|This gal is in a class by herself. We are all very lucky to be here during the making of her work. The future generations will immortalize her. This cd is just wildly sensitive and surprisingly hopeful, cloked in realistic views of what we are doing to ourselves and our planet. The hypnotizing music!...cannot get these melodies of my head. Marvelous. Despite what the Amazon reviewer wrote, SHINE the title track is a masterpiece. for real.
B000UJCALI|5.0|Stanley Kubrick did NOT shoot The Shining in the 1.3 aspect ratio.  Anyone who has seen this film both in the theater as well as on video can attest.  It is the video version that has been cropped!  Movie screens have not been constructed for the 1.3 ratio since the fifties!  Try to understand how that works as far as projection goes.  Trying to project a film shot in 1.3 aspect ratio onto a screen formatted for 1.6 will result in either black bars on either side of the screen or missing footage on the top and bottom of it.  And anyone who believes that Kubrick shot ANY of his films with the intent that they should be viewed on television first and foremost is crazy!!!  I watch The Shining every October in my local art house theater on film in it's ORIGINAL and PROPER aspect ratio and I've been waiting for years for this proper version to finally come out!
B00006ZCFH|3.0|When \\"Worldwide Underground\\" came out I kept hearing about how bizarre it was. And you know what? It really is true. I don't know that Erykah was trying to do with this album, but the goodness of the music was tainted by these bizarre moments. The song that annoyed me the most was \\"I Want You.\\" There's nothing wrong with having a song between 8-10 minutes long, but how about having an instrumental solo throughout the song instead of repetitevly chanting \\"I I I I I Want Want Want Want You You You You, etc.\\" I thought that song would never end! \\"Love of My Life Worldwide\\" was somewhat enjoyable. It samples The Sequence's \\"Funk You Up,\\" one of my favorite Old School hip hop songs ( Angie Stone used to be a member of The Sequence). Other than that, \\"World Wide Underground\\" is just whatever. It's not as good as \\"Baduism\\" and \\"Mama's Gun.\\" I hope Erykah's next album isn't like this one. . .
B000002UJQ|5.0|\\"OK Computer\\" is one of the great albums of all time.<br /><br />Radiohead, clearly inspired, produce an endless flow of melody, rhythmic variety, and poetry.<br /><br />With \\"Fitter Happier\\" they even have time for a non-musical song.<br /><br />In infinitely intelligent and rewarding musical statement.
0823023494|5.0|A great useful book! The best way to learn and draw your own appealing characters!
B00005JPRZ|5.0|I don't think I have laughed as much over this past year all put together as I did while watching this. It wasn't as slap-stick as most British comedy making it full of humor adults can appreciate. It was fantastic!
B000SQJ2SC|5.0|Great original work from an original artist.  Most rapper artist have very little originality and have the same hook line in their song.  Kanye West's songs have a message even though I don't care for the profanity.  Its one of the best album I've heard.
B000SQJ27I|5.0|It may sound like a drastic, upbeat departure from his other 2 studio recordings, but La Radiolina is in fact an integration of the styles of all the projects Manu's ever worked on over the years.  Right away, I heard influences from Dimanche A Bamako, his live performances, as well as his solo style.  I had to give this CD several listens before loving it as much as I love all his other albums.  And now, to me, it is no longer about the particular style he's working with, but simply the fact that his music is always able to captivate and entrance me.  And it is such a pleasure to see everyone else here experiencing the same feeling.
B000GW88W4|4.0|This is probably the prettiest record in Joni's repertoire. So even lesser songs like \\"Conversation\\" and \\"Morning Morgantown\\" (which gets by solely based on its prettiness - it's a lightweight song with a great melody!) sound good, unlike half of Clouds, which was just boring because none of the songs had melodies. And Joni's voice sounds excellent! I mean, sure, it always does. Not only do the songs have melodies, they actually have instruments besides acoustic guitar: \\"For Free\\" has a wicked cool clarinet solo, \\"Conversation\\" adds flute and a surprising tenor sax; \\"Morning Morgantown\\" has a piano. Some of this I'm still having trouble enjoying, though: \\"Willy\\", \\"Blue Boy\\" and the title track may be easy on the ears, but they're also both undistinguished fluff, while \\"The Priest\\" recalls some of Clouds' more boring moments. On the other hand, the darker fare is hard to beat (\\"Woodstock\\", which Crosby, Stills & Nash turned into an admittedly better hard rocker - still, I really like her electric piano and vocal version, especially her haunting upper-register vocals near the end; \\"The Arrangement\\", a chilling portrait of a hooker that forecasts Blue musically; \\"Rainy Night House\\"). This also contains one of Joni's best-known songs, \\"Big Yellow Taxi\\", a fast-paced environmentalist folk song with smart lyrics and a funny ending; as well as \\"The Circle Game\\", another well-known song that has intelligent verses and a thoroughly grating chorus.
1594489505|5.0|I thought he could not write a better book than The Kite Runner, but he has.  I have never read a better book about women written by a man.  I have learnt a lot, about women, about friendship, about regret, about war, and about hope.
B000UR366S|4.0|This is a very mellow album, very jazzy, with a lot of woodwinds (especially soprano sax) and piano. Even the relatively rocking \\"Hana\\", with emphasis on distorted guitar, still has prominent horns. Now, here's the best part: it only very rarely slips in to boredom! This is not to say I find most Joni's jazzy stuff boring - I love Heijra and The Hissing of Summer Lawns -  I'm just saying I think it's cool she's managed to keep this act up for so long without getting boring. I mean, there are a couple unfortunate slips into that territory: there's no excusing the \\"Big Yellow Taxi\\" remake, \\"If\\", or \\"Strong and Wrong\\". But Joni's latest has a lot going for it. For one, there's a beautiful instrumental, \\"One Week Last Summer\\", which I think is the only one of its kind Joni has rewarded. Her lyrics are strong as ever (\\"If I Had a Heart\\"; title track) , and the atmosphere's the best it's been since Heijra - she especially gets it perfect on \\"This Place\\" and \\"Night of the Iguana\\". Her singing isn't as good as it used to be, back when she used to be able to hit all of those insanely high notes, but she still sounds pleasant, at least. And she can still write songs. I'd go out on a limb and say this is her best since Heijra, but I haven't heard everything between this and that (though I am missing a mere four albums), so that would be unfair.
B0007P0LPC|5.0|I have seen them live, in my youth.  I relive the experience when watching this.  They were wonderfull, and to me this is one of their great ballets.
B0009J8GWG|5.0|Love it or hate it, you gotta admit one thing about Born to Run: it's unique, merging pomp, poetics, and pure rock `n' roll. If it weren't for the wonderful arrangements; perfect songwriting; emotional singing and spotless playing, this would fall flat on its face. Thankfully, it is filled with wonderful arrangements; perfect songwriting; emotional singing and spotless playing, which makes it a true rock classic deserving of the highest praise I can get it. The love ballad \\"Thunder Road\\" almost singularly embodies this album, starting with a lazy harmonica solo and slowly building into a loud but majestic sax solo; \\"Born to Run\\" has all the sweep of a Spector production, and the energy of a Chuck Berry track, and almost Dylanesque phrasing; and who can forget that xylophone riff? To me, it's one of the greatest pure pop songs ever made. Contrasting those two are the gargantuan epics: the cathartic \\"Backstreets\\" has drawn a lot of comparisons to \\"Like a Rolling Stone\\", and while it's not quite as good as that masterpiece the fact is it's another high point. Long, but a deserving fan favorite. I personally get the chills when Bruce starts his howling during the climax, and I positively adore that piano solo that opens it and the huge organ/guitar riffs that replace it. The other epic is \\"Jungleland\\", which has inarguably the greatest lyrics of Bruce's entire career and features memorable tenor sax (I can actually play that one on my alto! Go me...); violin; and guitar solos - the last is surprising, as for all his talents as a singer and songwriter, Springsteen ain't no guitar hero mostly. Except there. Damn, I love \\"Jungleland\\"! It sure is long, but its genre-bending arrangement keeps it from feeling that way. To me, it untaps the potential shown on the epic songs off of E Street Shuffle - \\"New York City Serenade\\" in particular. Anyway, the Bo Diddley-infused \\"She's the One\\" is a blast, with the Boss and the Big Man trading off near the end; and the sax-fueled disco romp \\"Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out\\" is even better, favorite of many a Springsteen fan, myself included. The last two cuts don't quite reach these highs, but I can safely say that the pedal-to-the-metal (if you forgive that awful clich&eacute;) rocker \\"Night\\" and the quiet, jazzy \\"Meeting Across the River\\" would've led the back on a weaker album - I can safely say that the Eagles have never came anywhere near the level of either track. When the book closes, this is easily one of rock's very best albums.romp \\"Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out\\" is even better, favorite of many a Springsteen fan, myself included. The last two cuts don't quite reach these highs, but I can safely say that the pedal-to-the-metal (if you forgive that awful clich) rocker \\"Night\\" and the quiet, jazzy \\"Meeting Across the River\\" would've led the back on a weaker album - I can safely say that the Eagles have never came anywhere near the level of either track. When the book closes, this is easily one of rock's very best albums.
