B00004XQ83|5.0|Thank you for this treasure of a CD. I am 36 years old and an intense listener of quality music of all kinds. Lately, and I mean the last 10 years or so,I've felt a little lost,like mabye my time has passed, and I'd have to force myself to accept that things change and mabye Brittany Spears and the latest Boy Band are all the younger generation can produce and appreciate, again fair enough I said. All the good music has already been recorded and I'll have to settle with that,again,fair enough I said to myself. Then WHAMO, O brother, This Cd hit my soul like rock and has saved me from conceeding defeat, no one, and I mean no one today, can compete with this Compilation, even if only for the warm feeling it gives you from beginning to end. I believe music can warm the soul, O Brother does this cd do just that.
B00003CX8I|5.0|This is a movie I'd been looking forward to ever since rumors of its production started circulating on the Internet. And it's a movie that fans of the comic books have been waiting for over 30 years to see. Well, after all of this time, I think we can mostly thank George Lucas for developing the technology necessary to bring an incredible action film like this to life. &quot;X-Men&quot; is every bit as good as I knew it would be, just watching the previews at the movies. Just by the way the story was explained in the three minute preview, I knew that Bryan Singer was going about this the right way, which is ironically like the way the animated series went about it when it first debuted. I think I can give a lot of the credit to the cast picks, and the performances from Hugh Jackman (the best Wolverine we could've hoped for), Anna Paquin (a younger but nevertheless effective Rogue), and of course Patrick Stewart who beamed down from the Enterprise to become part of another successful franchise. Never blink during this movie - you might miss something. But I can't help but wonder what would be different if they had given Bryan Singer the extra six months he originally had... Maybe that grinding swing around one of Lady Liberty's crown-thorns wouldn't look so... unrealistic. Was I the only one who noticed that the claws looked like pasty white straight lines and Jackman looked like he wasn't even there? I didn't think so...
0061091480|5.0|This book is full of wisdom and life changing ideologies...buy it now (it's only 5 bucks) or go to the library and borrow it!  My favorite chapter?  Chapter 4...Breaking Free from the Past
B00004TJFL|4.0|The biggest reason I praise this film is its director's new style, that completely reshapes the way the film feels, the way the film was shot, and the way the film affects you as a viewer. Dominique Othenin-Girard is, in a word, merciless. I'm still unclear as to the gender of this director, but I'll say she just because I pronounce the name the French way... at least, I think it's the French way... could be some other language. Oh well, I don't care anymore. Anyway, back to the director. The first thing to capture my attention about the varying style of this fifth installment in the &quot;Halloween&quot; series is how Michael Myers is seen more as a character that the other members of the cast have to deal with instead of seeing him jump out of the shadows and then leap out of sight, just quick enough to make a kill. When Michael is in the room, we always see him, either in the foreground, or lurking somewhere in the fog. It's a new way of watching him in action, and it's oddly engaging to see it executed by this director I don't think we've seen or heard from since. In addition to the style, we have Danielle Harris as Jamie Lloyd, once again delivering a performance that should've been remembered around Oscar season. She is terrific in every sense of the word. I love her performance through and through, and when she is being chased through the Tower Farm by Michael Myers in a car, and the fog hits the lights of the car in some Spielbergian fashion, my heart skips a beat. Like I said, Othenin-Girard is merciless. The violence that surrounds this child is not watered down or hidden away in the shadows. It's right there, and she sees it, and is affected by it. Oh, and I give special kudos to Alan Howarth for composing a unique horror film score. I own it, and I listen to it every once in a while, when I'm tired of traditional film music. The sounds of shattering glass and flashing blades should be a part of other film scores. It's sad that no one else had the idea.
6305558167|4.0|Trying to cram Malory's &quot;Le Morte De Arthur&quot; into an almost 3 hour film can be a daunting task for any film-maker.  Fortunately, John Boorman is up to the task in what can be called the definitive version of the King Arthur tale to date.   Filmed on location in Ireland, the film shines with glorious visuals as it tells the classic story of Arthur and how he became king with the help of the wizard Merlin.  The film also covers the search for the Holy Grail, as well as the Round Table's  decline and fall.  Nigel Terry is a stalwart Arthur. Nicholas Clay plays Lancelot as the velvet glove hiding a fist of iron, while Cherie Lunghi shines as the lovely, yet practical Queen loved by both men.  Helen Mirren is a great Morgana, while Patrick Stewart, Liam Neeson , and Gabriel Byrne(before they really became big stars)are solid in smaller roles.  But Nichol Williamson steals the show with his quirky, wild and wide-eyed performance as the mystical Merlin.  He forms the focus on which the whole film is based and turns in the performance of a lifetime.  His performance alone is worth viewing this film.  Alas, the movie is not perfect.  Many characters are combined or omitted and some events are glossed over in the transition from book to film.  Overall, however, this film doesn't pull the punches in presenting these timeless legends.  As such, it is an excellent introduction to the Arthurian legends and I highly recommend it.
B0000039LE|5.0|One of the things that pretty much every horror film can do, even the worst of the bunch, is keep your interest. But only a choice few, the list could only be around ten, can still keep you on the edge of your seat and leave you with a quickened heart rate and breathing hard after multiple viewings. \\"Halloween\\" is one of the true elite horror films. It stays on this list because of a few simple things that underlie in every scene in the film. First of all, and perhaps the most important, is John Carpenter's amazing musical score. It's probably one of the best ever made for a film, period. It catches all of the right notes and captures all of the terror in its simple 4-2 scale. Second on the list, just the feeling of being watched. We've all felt like this after watching this movie, no matter how many times we've seen it. Suddenly every noise is an intruder upstairs, and every shadow is the Boogeyman. But it's just a movie, right? Wrong. It's an experience. An exercise in the horror filmmaking craft that will be remembered as one of the best for decades to come. Third, that mask. It was only a Captain Kirk mask painted white, but man does it trip some switch in your mind that tells you, \\"I don't want to look at that thing, otherwise I'll have nightmares for weeks.\\" This is why \\"Halloween\\" is timeless, and that's why I give it five stars.<br /><br />UPDATE: Since doing this review many years ago, I've become an online reviewer and my first webisode lovingly pokes fun at this classic film. Check it out at [...]
B000001DZQ|5.0|Guitar playing gets no better than this ... 2 discs: the first with Black Autumn, Sweet Dreams, and the outsatnding The Messiah Will Come Again,is the best rocking blues ever!  The second disc is a treat as well, with covers of Green Onions, If 6 were 9, Hey Joe, and Turn to Stone.  If you own 5 discs or 5000 ... this anthology needs to be in your collection. You've never heard guitar this good ... EVER!!!!!
0670881791|4.0|What happens when an out-of-towner moves into an old-fashioned, quaint French village, opens up a chocolate shop across the street from a church during Lent, and charms most of the neighborhood with her delicious treats, easy-going manner, and her eerie talent for being able to read minds?  Well, it ticks the priest off for one thing...<br />...which then begins an all-out war between church and chocolate, good and evil, saints and sinners.  Father Francis Reynaud doesn't take much to outsiders coming into his community who do not believe in God, practice pagan rituals (most specifically Easter in the Easter bunny sense), and who tempt his parishioners with sinful chocolate at the beginning of Lent.  Reynaud refers to the arrival of Vianne Rocher as a single dandelion spreading her seeds, and soon the whole town turns upside down with all sorts of goings-on.<br />Joanne Harris writes with a skillful, intelligent hand.  Sometimes the sentences have to be read twice (what with the big words and all), but the text is pure poetry.  This novel builds slowly and takes readers on a magical carpet ride.  Definitely recommended to those who enjoy a sweet and sad story, a not regularly written about topic, and a writing style that's beautiful in it's symbolism, clarity and description.
B000056JYB|5.0|There are no comments on Blind Faith music. It is astounding. However People at Polygram who recently reissuesd Cream three times in different sleeves and boxes add no extras like live and studio takes of real value. Checking bootlegs of BF it seems there is plenty in vaults waiting till new generation will ignore it. I bought it mostly because of Ginger Baker jamming. I already have cd and Mobile Fidelity (gold) version. Shame on people who again failed on fans of Cream and Blind Faith (should have added live and more studios)
B000056H7W|5.0|Blackwater Park is definitely a continuation of MAYH, and that is a very good thing!  The mellower passages are more emotional and melodic, and the intensity and musicianship in the heavier passages is phenomenal.  Of course my expectations were high when I got this cd, but my expectations were blown away. I can't imagine what they could possibly do next to surpass this! I have been listening to and collecting music for 25+ years now and Opeth might very well be my all time favorite. BUY THIS CD-Buy MAYH-Heck, BUY THEM ALL!!!!
B00001QEE5|5.0|This is a great movie.  It's funny, well written and tells a wonderful story.  However, I'm sick of this steryotype crap. Give me a break people, this movie was made a long time ago, when they made movies with a decent story line, and didn't compromise that to make all the poor little people happy.  Looses up. Don't talk to your kids about it being &quot;wrong&quot; or &quot;evil&quot;  what next burn it 'cos it's offensive? Give me a break. Let peoople make movies properly, and don't worry about offending everyone in the world.  Most people aren't offended and out dumber those that for whatever reason are. Get a life.
B00003CWPR|1.0|Speaking as a HUGE Kubrick fan, my disappointment in this film is near total. &quot;Is everything in the movie a dream? And if so, who is dreaming it at any given moment, and why?&quot;  You know what? I DON'T CARE! Sure, the film is hypnotic and dreamlike, but so what? Why am I supposed to automatically care about this wealthy somewhat annoying couple and what may (or may not) be the dream the good-looking but sort-of-creepy-and-controlling husband is having. Just because the film could be a dream doesn't mean the director has no obligation for narrative cohesion or interesting characters. It's just not compelling enough to justify 2 hours of Tom Cruise walking around looking intensely befuddled.  I found a lot of reviewers working feverishly to try and read levels into this film that sadly just don't exist. There's simply no &quot;there&quot; there. I also don't buy the &quot;if Kubrick had lived longer he might have cut the film into the masterpiece it truly is&quot; argument. As far as I know he died AFTER delivering a cut that he was completely satisfied with to the studio. So it's just an odd, kind-of-boring misfire from a guy who is capable of genius. And this, by the way, in no manner dilutes the import of Kubrick as a filmmaker. It's an artists job to fail occasionally. And Kubrick fails magnificently.
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty is possibly the darkest black comedy ever made.  The movie follows the midlife crisis that Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) goes through.  Lester seems to have the perfect suburban life, a pretty wife, nice daughter, perfect house a good job.  But he is far from happy.  Lester hates everything about his life.  He goes to see his daughter cheer at a high school basketball game and sees the nubile, young Angela (Mena Suvari).  He is taken aback by her beauty and has a fantasy involving alot of rose petals.  He ends up quitting his job (getting a great severance deal through blackmail), buys a muscle car, starts jogging and lifting weights to get in shape and takes a job working at a fast food burger joint.  His wife Carolyn (Annette Benning) is an aggressive real estate agent who ends up having an affair with a rival agent, The King (Peter Gallagher).  She can't understand Lester and is constantly nagging him.  Meanwhile their daughter Jane (Thora Birch) starts a relationship with their new next door neighbor, Ricky (Wes Bentley).  Ricky is an intensely weird kid, he films just about everything (including Jane) and just so happens to sell pot.  While Jane &amp; Ricky are becoming more intimate, Ricky is dealing dope to Lester.  The movie is one of the strangest, funniest and disturbing films to come along in along time.  Mr. Spacey is absolutely brilliant as Lester.  He brings along for Lester's meltdown.  Ms. Benning is equally as good as his wife.  Mr. Spacey deservedly won his second Oscar and first Best Actor award for the role and the film took home the Best Picture award and the Best Director award (Sam Mendes), who films the movie in an heavenly aura and uses an impressive soundtrack and a Best Screenplay award (Alan Ball) for it's twisting, original script.
068484267X|5.0|Angela's Ashes tells the story of the early life of Frank McCourt, a boy born in pre-depression Brooklyn who grows up in Ireland in the 1930s and 40s.  His story is one of incredible sadness.  His father spends the family's mother on drink, several of his siblings die in early childhood and he grows up in desperate poverty in Ireland.  Nevertheless, Angela's Ashes is an extremely optimistic and light-hearted book.  As a child, McCourt has the outlook of a Tom Sawyer, looking at every hardship as an adventure while retaining the love for his family that Tom Sawyer never had.<br />McCourt loves his alcoholic father for sharing Irish patriotism with him, loves his mother for caring for him through such difficult times and clearly was a good older brother to his siblings.  Despite the great love for his family, McCourt is also a rebel, ignoring arbitrary rules set by his parents, his teachers and his priests while never harming those he loves by his rebellion.<br />Angela's Ashes has the rare ability to remind us of our good fortune without seeming preachy.  The lesson of Angela's Ashes is not &quot;be happy for having such a good life because others have it worse off&quot; but rather is &quot;no matter what adversity you face, life is a wonderful thing.&quot;  This is truly a wonderful lesson and will uplift you while reading this book.
0790729350|5.0|The Woodstock Festival was a defining for the counterculture movement.  The young hippies showed a nation that they could exist together in a peaceful, communal state.  The Woodstock documentary captures the essence of those three days on a farm in upstate New York.  We see hippies skinny-dipping, the locals looking around in amazement on the deluge of people who descending on their quiet, little town, kids, cops and others are interviewed and of course we see the music.  From Richie Havens' opening things up with &quot;Freedom&quot; to Jimi Hendrix's defining &quot;Star Spangled Banner&quot;, we are treated to a 60's rock who's who.  Joe Cocker, Santana, CSN&amp;Y, John Sebastian and Sly &amp; The Family Stone particularly standout and we get bonus material not in the original release from The Jefferson Airplane, Janis Joplin and others.  Director Michael Wadleigh's film won a deserving Best Documentary Oscar and a young Martin Scorcese was an editor on the film. Some of the acts are woefully dated and long forgotten, but Woodstock is an impressive snapshot of a memorable moment in our history.
0783225547|1.0|Reading through the reviews of this film I can't help noticing that there are two distinct categories of reviewers - those who thought this film was a special effects blockbuster with great acting and others who thought it was terribly acted with duff effects. I seem to be caught between two stools because it's both these things - TERRIBLE acting from the human characters - how does Pierce Brosnan get employment? GREAT acting from the dog. TERRIBLE effects - just wait until you see the damn bursting - GREAT special effects - the town being blown away - all this combined with the most ridiculous plot imaginable. <br />Immensely enjoyable even though I didn't know whether to laugh out loud at the film's most sensitive moments... I could equally have given this film 5 stars although it depends on whether you've got a sense of humour. Sometimes the 1 star films are the best.
078322737X|5.0|American Graffiti was the movie that broke George Lucas into the mainstream.  The movie is based on his teenage days growing up in the early 60's in a small Northern California town.  The movie starred virtual unknowns who went on to big Hollywood careers.  Ron Howard was the only well known actor and the role of Steve was his first chance to play a more adult role. The film takes place over the course of one night where Mr. Howard's Steve and his best friend Curt are preparing to leave town and head off to college on the East Coast. Richard Dreyfus plays Curt and Cindy Williams plays his sister and Steve's boyfriend. Paul LeMat plays John Milner who is the cool guy in town with the fastest car around.  He gets tricked into picking up the 13 year old MacKenzie Phillips and spends the night driving around with her.  Charles Martin Smith plays the nerdy Terry the Toad.  Steve entrusts him to watch his car while he's away.  he cruises around and picks up Candy Clark and through a series of elaborate lies, gets her to park by the lake.  The car is stolen, but they get it back with the help of John.  The movie closes out with a drag race between John and Harrison Ford's Bob Falfa.  The movie is spiced up by its soundtrack which helped bring back the 50's nostalgia that permeated the 70's.  The film also introduced the infamous DJ Wolfman Jack to the country.  The film is an unapologetic feel good, warm movie and its major success allowed Mr. Lucas to make another little movie by the name of Star Wars.
B00003CXN4|1.0|Easily the most overrated film of this year, TRAFFIC is just another movie with a made-for-tv plot.  Obviously, there's a bunch of people who think they're really &quot;liberal&quot; for liking this film, but the movie doesn't go far enough.  Soderbergh, a hack who was simply hired to direct the film, has no ideas on drug politics and hence his silence on such issues. To add further insult, he even allowed the Drug Enforcement Agency to re-write certain scenes in order to gain access to certain locations on which he filmed.  <br />What more, the film doesn't address the fact that the war on drugs is really a war against poor people.  The effects that drugs have had on Black and Latino communities are ignored while the film shows us that it only becomes an issue when it affects the White suburban kids.  The films weakest part involves Michael Douglas (the biggest hypocrite who was doing plenty of coke with Nicholson back in the glory days when he could get away with cheating on wife) and his daughter who becomes addicted to heroin.  In addition, it wants us to believe that marijuana leads to harder drug abuse.  This is the type of thing (Reefer Madness anyone?) that has been dismissed for a few decades now.<br />Legalization?  Not even discussed in the film.  To add to the films dubious nature, there are several cameos from politicians.  Do we need politicians trying to play movie star?  Let's vote these creeps out of office if there going to be hypocrites about the drug issue.<br />Just because the film may touch on a few truths, in the end it's an extrememly conservative film.  All the bad guys are Mexicans, all the good (or morally disturbed) characters are the Americans and the rich should look out for themselves while we leave it to the minorities to fight it out amongst themselves.  That's the film in a nutshell.  Don't let the media fool you.<br />I didn't even get to the fact that the film is logically incoherent...<br />or to the bad acting of Catherine Zeta-Jones...<br />boy, is this one bad movie.
6305922756|4.0|This Is Spinal Tap pokes fun at documentary films with what faux director Marty DiBergi calls a rockumentary.  While MTV took this title and actually had rockumentaries, VH1's wildly successful Behind The Music series is a take off (albeit a serious one) of Tap's concept.  Michael McKean, Christopher Guest &amp; Harry Shearer star as a fictional English heavy metal band Spinal Tap.  The film follows them around on their concert tour and the hoopla surrounding the release of their album Smell The Glove.  The three stars are hysterical.  They conduct themselves with a mock seriousness and that better than everyone attitude that stars often assume.  The concert sequences are great as the Tap's songs are great spoofs of the metal genre with titles like &quot;Stonehedge&quot; &amp; &quot;Big Bottoms&quot;.  The movie is woefully short, so the extra footage is a welcome addition.  Tony Hendra is brilliant as the band's put upon manager and a young Fran Drescher shows up as a record label executive while Dana Carvey and Billy Crystal have a small bit as mime waiters.
B000002UJQ|5.0|At first I only bought Radiohead's OK Computer for the song Karma Police but it means a whole lot more to me now! The best song on the album is the first song, Airbag. I always say first songs on the album should be good so people will want to keep on listening and Radiohead does just that. It opens with traditional rock guitars but along come jingling bells which I had never heard in a ROCK song. Radiohead shows their best performance in OK Computer but it takes a while to get it through you. At first you'll say to yourself, &quot;What the hell is this?!&quot; Than you start to like it more and more until finally it's like your in love with it. Thom Yorke may not have the best voice on Earth either but his vocals are some of the best I've heard. OK Computer may not be the best album of the '90's but I will say one thing, to sort of quote TIME magazine but not fully, Radiohead's anticapated release of their album after OK Computer, Kid A, which was still good (but not as good as OK Computer) showed that Rock would not surrender to the rap and bubble gum pop world that was dominating the charts at the time before it's release. I'm not trying to badmouth those genres but it's true that they have dominated the charts and Kid A came out before The Beatles' album &quot;1&quot; came out so until Kid A (although only at #1 for one week) proved that rock could still go straight to the top. <br />My final note? RADIOHEAD IS THE NEW FACE OF ROCK FOR THE 21ST CENTURY AS WELL AS THE NEW MILLENIUM!
B000056JYC|5.0|IN 1976 I was inspired by this young Artist that was on the Midnight Special a { TV show}, and bought a Guitar and learned how to play it.That Artist was Peter Frampton and his Gutiar playing was awesome and still is today.His playing kept me dreaming of doing my own Album one day and that happened last year.This Album is as good now as it was in 1976,the remaster and new cuts are just great.Buy this CD and sit back and close your eyes and enjoy the show you want believe it but you become part of the show.Thank you Pete for the music its what dreams are made  of.
B000002LQR|5.0|Quite simply this must be the Chili Peppers finest hour. Each track has a brutal honesty about it and sounds as fresh today as it did in 91. Anyone who says they are a Chili fan is lying unless they own this album. Everything about it is beautiful.
0684853523|4.0|and I've read most of them.  Stephen King stresses several points in this entertaining little book which should be indispensable to all writers:   1) Purchase, immediately, Strunk and White's Elements of Style, then learn it, love it, live it.   2) Purge your writing of the passive voice.  Be active.   3) Read a lot, write a lot; otherwise, you'll never be a good writer.   4) Don't expect to be a great writer, unless you're born that way.  Heck, great writers are freaks of nature.  King ought to know.  Fortunately, a competent writer can learn to become a good writer.  You just need the right tools in your box, and a great deal of desire.<br />I have little negative criticism of this book, except for the profanity.  So, maybe it's true that people curse.  Do we have to be subjected to it?  Readers read, in general, as an escape.  I say, give them what they want.
0393307050|5.0|I read the first 100 pages and couldn't figure out if they were on land or at sea!  It took me a while to get into it but having stuck with it I can't put the rest of the series down. If you like historical fiction this series is definitely deserving of all the hype.
6304913176|5.0|Practically the celluloid embodiment of the &quot;love-it-or-hate-it&quot; concept, for my money &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; is great fun; a nimble blend (and send-up) of '50s space opera sci-fi, '40s/'50s war movies and propaganda films, and '90s teen TV dramas like &quot;Beverly Hills 90210&quot; and &quot;Dawson's Creek.&quot;  True, the movie bears only a vague resemblance to Heinlein's classic book, and those hoping for a faithful screen adaptation are going to be disappointed, no doubt about it.  Taken on its own merits, though, &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; is thoroughly entertaining, with great special effects, a strong script, and plenty of eye candy for both sexes.  And the sight of Neil Patrick Harris in a military uniform that's more than a little influenced by German uniforms of the Second World War (Obergrupenfuhrer Doogie Howser?) is just about worth the price of admission alone!      Note for parents:  It's probably not a great choice for young kids to see, with some fairly graphic violence and a couple of nude scenes.  It's nothing most kids haven't seen by the time they're 14 or so, but you might want to think twice about letting your 8-year-old watch it.
B000002BE9|5.0|I only semi-liked this record until I learned that Fiona was only eighteen-years-old when it was released. After I found out her age, I was amazed that such a young woman could craft songs this well. Nowadays, most eighteen or ninteen year olds (i.e. Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera) don't even craft their songs and their works are nothing but bubblegum, sugar-coated pop. I wish that there were more women in music like Fiona. Beautiful, sullen, in-your-face bluntness. My favorite songs on this record are &quot;Sleep to Dream&quot;, &quot;Sullen Girl&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, amd &quot;The First Taste&quot;. I also recommend When the Pawn...
630512762X|5.0|Some people have seen this movie and thought that the plot was way too unreasonalbe and unthinkable to be good.  Those same people have regarded very strange yet not unreasonable movies like A Clockwork Orange and The Matrix with much respect.  This movie deserves an equal opinion shared by those two classics just mentioned.  Cage is spectacular as a paranoid prisoner in the body of a serial killer.  This movie keeps you out of your seat through its entirety and is a must see.
6304626495|5.0|MONTY PYTHON'S LIFE OF BRIAN is my personal favorite among all the different movies, skits, and shows the Python boys did over the years.  I can't think of another Python piece that combines their wonderfully wacky humor with their scathing attacks on the sacred cows of modern life.  As a seminarian and a Classics major in college, I was especially tickled by the scene where Brian's graffiti is parsed and corrected by the Roman soldier.  It was far too much like my Greek classes! I am a Christian, but I was not offended in the least by anything in this movie.  One enjoys LIFE OF BRIAN best if one understands from the beginning that this is a farce, a satirical comment on our own predilections and prejudices, NOT a commentary on the life of Christ itself.  We should take note that when Christ is present, he is never personally attacked: the Python boys use His appearance as a point of departure, nothing more.  This is evident especially in the scene where Christ is giving the Sermon on the Mount and the crowd at the back thinks He says &quot;Blessed are the Cheesemakers.&quot; (GET ON WITH IT!) Right.  This is probably the most coherent of the Python movies.  MEANING OF LIFE is fragmented and doesn't hold together as well, while THE QUEST FOR THE HOLY GRAIL, a classic in its own right, suffers a bit from an ending that drags just a bit.  Therefore LIFE OF BRIAN is, in my opinion, the best of the Python movies.  and now for something completely different...
6303073107|5.0|This film is the one that brought Kurosawa to international fame. A tale of betrayal, lust, and, ultimately, murder, Kurosawa explores the depths of human capacity for evil, yet also leaves hope for redemption of the human soul. Arguably one of the greatest and most-influential films of all time, it is beautifully acted by the entire cast. A must see!
B000008B01|5.0|This is simply one of the most hauntingly beautiful recordings I have ever heard.
0316286850|3.0|If your looking for a teenage makeup book, this wouldn't be my first recommendation.  This book was more about the history of makeup and had a few makeovers in it, but it wasn't really what i was lookin for; a book with makeup instructions and tips of teenagers, but this book was really for an older person
B000002UAF|5.0|&quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; is the best Beatles album ever!!!  It came at the apex of their career...  Whoever said rock 'n' roll needed a 41-piece symphony orchestra?  <br />This album shows the Beatles having fun in the recording studio for the last time.  In contrast, their follow-up album, &quot;Beatles For Sale,&quot; sounds like it was recorded in an advanced state of jet-lag.  The rest of their album output for the 1960s shows the boys becoming overly indulged by their sycophants while trying hard not to choke one another.  <br />If you want a Beatles album to remind you what all the fuss was about way back when- put this one on!!!s
B000003TA4|5.0|To look at him now, one wouldn't know that reggae-rap superstar Shaggy wasn't always living the high life. With a string of successful hit singles to his name, the self-proclaimed &quot;Mr. Boombastic&quot; was once struggling for not only success, but for his very life.        Shaggy was born Daryl Haile I. Selassie Williams in an impoverished area of Kingston, Jamaica in 1967. When his father lost his job at a local tourist resort in 1975, young Daryl Williams and his family were emigrated to the small town of Dubuque, Iowa, where his father looked to find a better life for his family.       Daryl was enrolled in a predominantly-white school and lived as an outcast, rejected by his peers because of his accent and his outlandish tribal dress. He earned the nickname &quot;Shaggy&quot; because of his dreadlocks, which his devout rastafarian parents made him grow. Shaggy would spend long hours alone in his room listening to reggae records. It wasn't until Shaggy left home for New York University in 1985 that he was first introduced to rap.        Shaggy could identify with the good times lyrics and funky beats of the hip hop world. Soon, he and roommate Ricardo &quot;Rik Rok&quot; Ducent had started a rap/reggae fusion group called &quot;2 Hot 4 U.&quot; They had some success in the local club scene, where they gained fame for their dance-friendly blend of Rik Rok's street smart rhymes and Caribbean rhythms that Shaggy heard as a child.        World traveled fast, and soon 2 Hot 4 U was picked up by MCA records. They were signed to a three album deal and fronted an advance of $750,000. Shaggy and Rik Rok had suddenly gotten rich beyond their wildest dreams and was about to go on a major world tour. Under the advice of A&amp;R reps at their label, 2 Hot 4 U changed their name to the more catchy &quot;Shaggy&quot;.       Shaggy and Rik Rok had just reached #1 with the smash hit &quot;Mr. Boombastic&quot; and were about to go on tour when disaster struck. Rik Rok had been partying for a week straight, plunging into a nightmare descent into booze and pills. Rik had been depressed, as he felt his partner Shaggy had become the star of the show and he was quickly being left in the dust. Rik had taken a dangerous combination of prescription drugs and alcohol. His heart stopped, but he was quickly revived by paramedics. Disaster had been barely avoided.        Visibly shaken, Shaggy checked Rik into an extended stay in a Beverly Hills detox center, with the hope that he could pick up the pieces of his life. The tour had been canceled and what was left of Shaggy and Rik's advance was taken back by MCA. At the same time &quot;Mr. Boombastic&quot; was reaching #1 in countries around the globe, Shaggy was moving ut of his LA mansion and into a cramped apartment.        Hurting for cash and with Rik still in recovery, Shaggy joined the Army. He saw action in the Gulf War where he traded his dreadlocks for a buzzcut and joined the 107th Infantry, as a common soldier. Shaggy had fallen a long way but was determined, in the face of unbeatable odds, to get his life back on track.       When he got home from a 6 month tour of duty, things were looking up. Rik had beaten his demons and was now staying clean and working on some new songs. Shaggy and Rik patched together a new album. They worked long hours in the studio, making sure they had a solid foundation for what was to become their masterpiece. 8 long years of work paid off, and their new single &quot;It Wasn't Me&quot; propelled them back into the limelight. The rest is history.         Shaggy and Rik may be riding high on a wave of success, but they still haven't forgotten their fans. They both are involved with work in their community, and give regularly to charity. They are now in the studio working on their new album, which they say is their &quot;best ever.&quot; Despite the ups and downs of life, Shaggy has proven that he will always be &quot;Mr. Boombastic.&quot;
B00000J7J4|4.0|Although I've always admired Carlos Santana's work, I've never considered myself a fan.  When this album first came out, I thought that the radio super-hit &quot;Smooth&quot; was catchy and a great collaboration of old and new, but I didn't like it enough to buy the whole disc.  Eventually the song was so overplayed I had no interest in &quot;Supernatural&quot; at all, until...<br />Last week I was driving with a friend who was playing the cd.  The song &quot;Love of My Life&quot; with Dave Matthews was playing and I was immediately hooked.  I played the song 3 times and later that day, went out and bought the whole cd.  Along with the sensual &quot;Love of My Life,&quot; this cd includes other gems like the eerie &quot;Put Your Light On&quot; and the soulful &quot;Do you Like the Way,&quot; accompanied by the talented Ms. Lauryn Hill.  In between, &quot;Supernatural&quot; is flavored with latin grooves and smooth soul instrumentals.  This is one of those late-night discs that has the capacity to work late-night, early-morning, or mid-afternoon.<br />I had to give &quot;Supernatural&quot; a 4-star rating, simply because I have to skip over &quot;Smooth&quot; and depending on my mood, skip over &quot;Maria, Maria,&quot; simply because of radio overplay.  Fortunatley, the disc still stands on it's own without those tunes.
0767814622|1.0|I can say too many words about this film:ridiculous,disgusting,nasty and superficially!!!!I'm Turkish,I didnt believe this film and I won't!!!I mean WE WON'T! And to George Savvidis who is the reviewer from June 18 2000: Who do you are?You don't know anything about my country.You just said full of rubbish!And stop saying your nonsencial lies!!
6304169558|5.0|This is an absolutely amazing movie.  It has a terrific plot, great acting, and incredible special effects.  It's a comedy, drama, action/adventure, and romance movie all rolled into one.  Placed in rural Oklahoma, this story makes you feel like you're in the twisters.  Sometimes you get so caught up that you forget it's just a movie.  If you haven't seen this film, see it today!  It is absolutely wonderful and sweet.
B000002UQJ|4.0|I frequent Beatle-related Internet sites and message boards. One common subject is what does one like best or dislike most about Paul McCartney's contibutions to music - whether as a Beatle or as a solo artist.<br />Many, many fans list &quot;McCartney,&quot; &quot;Ram&quot; and &quot;Band on the Run&quot; among their Top 5 Favorite Paul McCartney Solo Albums. After those, ... well, the Beatle/McCartney fans differ wildly about which others belong in this Top 5 list. <br />However - if not at first - then in time, many Beatle/Paul McCartney fans ultimately come around to agreeing that &quot;Off the Ground&quot; has a legitimate claim to Paul's Top 5 Best Solo Albums Ever. <br />The album cover may seem lame to some, with those hanging feet; or interesting to others, with the sunrise/sunset back/front theme. Who cares? The music inside is what counts! <br />And we all shine on....
B0000024K1|5.0|During the summer of 1987 I had a summer construction job on Randalls Island in upper Manhattan. I can recall how we took the long way home sometimes to avoid traffic. As my friends and I cruised up Bruckner Blvd. I first heard &quot;Rebel Without A Pause&quot;. Not knowing what to think or how to decypher this song, I quickly wrote it off as convuluted noise. I couldn't grasp the direction they were headed nor the social conviction in their music. Initially it was pure noise to me, I was used to the harmless grooves of Dougie Fresh and Slick Rick and the testosterone laiden ego filled lyrics of LL. Kool J. The music seemed too preachy, although I liked one or two cuts off their debut album &quot;Yo Bum Rush the Show&quot;, which contains a &quot;less politcal&quot; theme.   All of a sudden the radio waves started playing, &quot;Don't Believe the Hype&quot; and I have been a PE fan ever since. Chuck D's baritone voice can you put you in a trance over Bomb Squad beats that are wholly agressive with a hardcharging relentless sound. During this period from approx. 1987-1992 hip-hop had a more thought provoking sound requiring us to ponder our social situation and view the world with a guarded scrutiny. PE led the charge with concious rap, opening up doors for other groups, BDP, Brand Nubian, X Clan included. Chuck's loud pure sound was offset by his clownish mic partner Flava Flav, who continued to produce solos on every PE album ever made, check out &quot;Cold Lampin with Flavor&quot; on this album......&quot;Night of the Living Baseheads&quot; is a testament of the crack epidemic that plagued the inner cities during this period, giving us an eerie depiction of the drug in an analogous skit lampooning the nightmarish classic,&quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot;. Each one of these cuts hits you in the head harder than the last one, making you realize the world has a lot of &quot;baggage&quot;...Unfortunately the fickled state of hip hop wouldn't allow this group to sustain it's popularity leading way to &quot;sampled, watered down shiny suit rap in 1994, only now recovering with real artists like, Common, The ROOTS and MOS DEF.
0789723107|5.0|I *just* picked up this book last night. Steve Krug has done an awesome job of making some very basic principles very easy to understand. I read over half of it already, and am absolutely thrilled with it.  While I can't say that it hasn't yet taught me anything I didn't already know, it gives me an enormous value of stating things in a clear and entertaining way which I can show to developers and clients.<br />What's even better is that the book is short, easy to comprehend, and VERY entertaining, which means I can get our developers to READ IT!!  One has already said he's going to pick up a copy himself to be able to take to meetings with him.  I'm going to ask all of our management to read it, too.  I think it will help everyone understand the value of design and usability principles, once they comprehend that users *don't* do what they *think* they do, and make my job sooooo much easier.
0679746048|3.0|I was a little disapointed to find out that the book was really nothing like the movie. Which goes to show that you should read the book before going to the movie. I kept thinking about the characters in the movie and trying to compare them in the book but once again the movie had great amounts of hollywood drama. The book was ok a bit confusing at times but otherwise it was an OK book I finished it in one day in that shows anything? Maybe I didnt like it so much because I was expecting different things.
079073639X|4.0|Sphere is wonderful movie. It has a great cast including Dustin Hoffman, Samuel L. Jackson, and Sharon Stone. Also features good performances by Liev Schrieber and Peter Coyote. Sphere tells the story of a spacecraft which was found crashed into the Pacific Ocean. Yet its discovered that it crashed there 300 years ago. A team is sent down below the depths of the ocean to investigate. I wish I knew why people bash this movie so badly. Sure the book may have been better, but the movie is still really good and for some reason I still watch over and over. The acting, story, and special effects are superb. Fans of Hoffman must see this. The dvd is pretty good, it features and interesting commentary by Jackson and Hoffman. Rated PG-13 for violence and profanity.
6301963911|1.0|I really did try to watch &quot;Annie Hall&quot; with an open mind.  I watched it because it was on the AFI's list of the greatest 100 films, and I'm trying to watch all of them.  When the list was first released, I had seen 57 of the films.  Now, I'm up to 77.  I have found some real gems while watching these films.  &quot;All About Eve,&quot; &quot;The Apartment,&quot; and &quot;The Treasure of the Sierra Madre&quot; are all marvelous films that I've watched recently.  Then I got &quot;Annie Hall.&quot;<br />I guess I've always resisted watching this movie because it was awarded the Oscar for Best Picture over &quot;Star Wars.&quot;  That, and I really don't like Woody Allen.  I'd seen &quot;Sleeper&quot; several years ago, and I thought it was mildly amusing.  There were a few chuckles in &quot;Annie Hall,&quot; but the only time I really laughed was when Allen sneezed $2000 worth of cocaine into the air at a party.<br />The plot of the film is almost non-existant, but this is really a character-driven film anyway.  The only problem with this is that I really didn't identify with any of the characters.  Not only that, but I didn't like them.  Allen's character is just a neurotic, self-centered mess, and Annie Hall is irritatingly dim-witted.  She just goes whichever way the wind blows her.<br />Another reviewer here remarked that this film was 2 and half hours.  It is actually just a little over one and a half hours; it only seems like 2 and a half.  The best thing I could say about it it that I was glad when it was over so that I could say I had watched the whole thing.
B000000I0H|5.0|I was 16 years old when Five Miles Out came and turned me on to Oldfield with an impact I have yet to experience again. After that, I started buy everything he had done so far (including all hard-to-find singles ex. Froggy went a courting and more) When I came upon Incantations, It didn't strike as hard at first, but after a couple of spinns of it and after getting to know the structure (basically, built around one chord. A Dm11) and the lyrical parts of it, it grew so hard that I became obsessed with it.<br />The lyrics from Woldsworth Longfellow Hiawatha sung by Maddy Prior [...] is beatiful and adds another level to the music. [...]<br />It's not a starting point for beginning Oldfield fans, but when you get there, you'll never turn back
B00004XONN|1.0|Thom, you twaddler, you made it again, you made me sad.  And that market strategy........blurk!!.......                                You tricket me. Thom, you sad, sad, barefaced, twaddler. Optimistic(?), Idioteque, National Anthem. You know, you`re pretty silly now, whining more than  me when I was 8 and daddy wouldnt buy me a that nice legocar with those red and green flashing lights. You are 28, Thom. And you have enough money to buy a whole bunch of legocars.  So, why not make a happy pop song Thom, you see the world ain`t that bad. You have a lot of money, a girlfriend and those nice sunglasses you wear. What more can a you wish? So smile, and you see the world will smile back to you. ...J....Make those kids something nice to whistle while they`re running around, kicking the ball (or something)......Now I can`t wait to hear the next Radiohead record.
B000000993|5.0|This cd is wonderful.  When I was first introduced to Tool a couple of years ago, I was skeptical because they couldn't be easily pegged into one category.  Well, that was the stupidest mistake (by far) that I have ever made.  This cd is fantastic because it CAN'T be easily defined.  It is raw and beautiful at the same time.  And as for Maynard (the lead singer), My God what a Voice.  He sounds like some kind of tainted angel.   This band has not only helped me learn what music can do, it has taught me that it can be the greatest of teachers, too.  I have learned not to place labels on everything, because God only knows what you might miss out on.
B00004XOWM|1.0|I dont even have this album, nor do i want it. Judging from what ive haerd on the radio, it all sounds the same. Like garbage. It's pretty sad when a lead singer counts the number of times he's cursed in a song. Yeah what thats Fred for ya. Red hat on, foul mouth, baggy pants. He's not rock, he's a walking fashion statement. Flip records? what a joke, limp bizkit only got where they are today through Korn, who they turned on in the end. With bands like this, rock will be dead in a matter of years. And what a shame, bands like Alice in Chains, STP, Soundgarden, who paved the way into the 90s, have to turn on thier radio and listen to Fred cursing up a storm, while Wes BORING plays the same string over and over. Overall, good job Limp Bizkit, this is what u wanted right? Your names all over TV, money pooring in, forget the music. u cant even play anyway.
039472903X|5.0|As someone who spent years in marketing technology, I can say that Ogilvy is the master.  It's sad to see people breaking the Ogilvy rules so regularly--and they are easy rules to learn.  Read this book, it's essential.
B000056VIY|1.0|I was really excited about this cd.  I liked the one song I heard on the radio, and really expected an awesome cd out of Lopez.  The first song was great...then I listened to the rest of the cd and was apalled!  All the other songs are really terrible.  Now, they do have their good points, but that's about it.  Lopez's lack of vocal talent really show in a lot of those songs.  The songs were poorly picked...the cd does not flow...and the songs literally made my stomach churn.  Really, Lopez could've done a lot better.  Now...on the bright side...I guess I can pretend it was a really expensive single and pretend those other songs don't exist.
B000002LK1|5.0|This is still the best album DM put out. It is now nearly eleven years old and still sounds like it could be a top ten success today. Before Violator Depeche Mode had a strong underground type of following. They had experienced some commercial success with tracks like \\"People Are People\\" but they still hadn't taken the mainstream by storm. With Violator they were able to change that. They became pop superstars and a sensation. Goth/Synthpop was now acceptable top 40 music and everyone seemed to be into it.<br />This record has a huge dance floor appeal too it. And that means nothing to me since I don't dance, but....  This is just layered, dark beautifully written pop music. Great lyrics and strong music, that usually makes for a pretty good album. The range of the songs is pretty amazing actually. The mood and tempo of the songs can be quick and catchy, while the lyrics are emotionally heavy like on \\"Enjoy the Silence\\" and \\"Personal Jesus\\".  Other songs fall into that slow dark mood type of song, \\"Waiting For The Night\\" is a pretty spectacular example of that.<br />There are no bad songs on this album. In fact there nine GREAT songs with \\"Sweetest Perfection\\" and \\"Policy of Truth\\" being the high points for me. This album is easy to swallow too. Its not an album written for the mainstream, but it is still accessible by the mainstream audience. That's brilliant, and its too bad there aren't more records like that. The record deserved all of the success it had and more. There are songs on here, that even if you HATED this type of music, you know them. And you probably kind of like them, somewhere deep inside of yourself. <br />This is still one of my favorite albums, and I can't really argue with people who say it is one of the all time great albums. Great music, great lyrics, great love songs, great mood. What's not to like.  They're just hitting on ALL cylinders here, and this is an awesome record.
0451160916|5.0|I began reading Stephen Kng when I was about eight years old (started watching the movies at six) and from that time I have been fascinated by the Horror-meister. Sure, there are hordes of people out there ready to criticize... but really... anyone can be a critic. Put simply, this book is a masterpiece! Like the title states, it's dark and eerie in an insidious manner that gets into your blood. My mother told me I acted differently (coldly) for quite a while after reading &quot;The Shining&quot;, and after recently rereading it, I now know why!<br />Never, has such a work of fiction impressed me on such a primal level.
B0000009TJ|2.0|I first heard FZ in 1976 in Tampa, Fl. I just loved his magical guitar work. I dont' think there's anyone better. I gave this CD a 2 because there's so much of that missing. For those uninitiated, this double CD album is mostly horns, slow moving lyrics, odd tunes, and not the stunning rock songs and guitar solo's he's partly famous for. I was looking forward to &quot;Ring of Fire&quot;, &quot;Bolero&quot;, and Hendrix's &quot;Purple Haze&quot;. But alas, none of them featured FZ's guitar work, just endless monolog and instrumental oddities. Even Zepplin's &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; was a major disappointment. What he could have done w/ those songs was what drew me to the CD. This is just odd, but tight, instrumental Mother's type stuff. Not for the guitar enthusiast.
B000007491|5.0|This is an excellent album.  Admittedly, most of the songs are longer than most of the band's tunes, which were usually brief and succinct and thus easily playable on the radio.  And the overall upbeat feeling of much of their later songs is not always present; often, there's a bit of melancholy within much of the songs and the way they're played.  But man, could these guys play!  &quot;Nothing To Show&quot; is a real powerhouse number in particular, incidentally revealing Roger Hodgson to be a heck of a bass guitarist (call me a nut, but later on, you never really got to hear the guy's instrumental prowess that fully; on this LP, you do, both on bass, acoustic guitar and recorder).  There's no saxophone on the album, notably, which was always a hallmark of the band's sound, but there is a dash of woodwind courtesy of Hodgson's recorder.  The album's opener is a brief version of the closer, &quot;Surely,&quot; which is not only a really nice folkish number sung really well by Hodgson but creates that feel and mood the band was so well known for and appreciated for.
6303421563|5.0|Always I have a bit fear of giving \\"5 stars\\" for a movie that is not by - for ex. - Kubrick, Bergman, Billy Wilder or Fellini, and is not \\"The night of the hunter\\"... But then I say to myself: every work has been valued both by how we like it and by how much it gives effect of the idea of its author...This second thinking reassures me and I vote \\"5 stars\\".<br />\\"The Professional\\", in fact, has an excellent consistency around an original and effective idea, an idea that can transmit emotions. After many years, I have to find it is true still. Leon is a perfect killer but he is a child in every other way: he is not independent, he has not an his real life, he eats only milk, he sleeps on a chair and when he is not working he cares of a small plant (\\"it's the sole my friend\\" he says) or goes at a matinee to see old musicals.<br />Look the front line of Jean Reno  (what wonderful performance!) who enjoys \\"Singin'in the rain\\" looking around himself in the empty cinema, as he has fears his happiness could been seen by someone.<br />Matilda (Natalie Portman) is alone, her family has been butchered by a squad of psychopathic and corrupt policemen, and she throws herself on Leon. At beginning he repulses her, and he almost kills her while she is sleeping, but he has stopped himself. From this gesture, normally of hate but now of charity, an alliance is formed between them, and love. This love is shown with much discretion, Matilda is only twelve years!, but it is deep-rooted in a will of surviving that perhaps is the base of all the unions apparently more mature.<br />This is an excellent action-movie too, the scenes of the killer's jobs and of the carnage in the Matilda's house are not inferior of those in \\"Nikita\\" (maybe she was the older Matilda...).<br />Like in all great movies, not only the good, the bad too is  unforgettable: the policeman by Gary Oldman put himself in our head and there will remain! How can we forget his  contortions when he pops himself before every violence?<br />At last, very good music.<br />A great movie!violence? <br />At last, very good music.<br />A great movie!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is one of the lyrically dopest rappers in the world and the Marshall Mathers LP does not disappoint! This is Eminem's best work yet and every track has a new fresh sound. A must-have for all hip hop fans across the world. Don't take his work too seriously, he's just playin'!
0767832248|5.0|I don't see how you can see this movie and NOT give it five stars.  It absolutely wonderful.  Wonderful performances by everybody in a heartbreaking, touching script.  One of the few movies I've actually cried while watching (just thinking about it stirs tears, too).  Although rated PG-13, there's hardly any swearing, no sex or nudity, and not much violence.  It's just the subject matter.  I would recommend it to everyone.
B00004U2A1|5.0|Most people think evil dead 1 is the best but they are wrong Bruce Campbell is twice as good in evil dead 2.Its the best in the trilogy its a non-stop ride of blood guts and gore.You must buy this.
B00000J631|5.0|This album is a curisity because they got 99 bands together to play all on one album. From old school punks Misfits and Black Flag to Mainstream punks offspring and greenday. to indie faves Lagwagon and pennywise. This album is great for finding out new bands in which to listen to and some wierd stuff. So if you like punk and want to hear some wierd stuff buy this!
B00000613T|5.0|If you appreciate the Mahler 9th primarily as a musical experience, you will love this performance.  If you approach Mahler for vicarious primal-scream therapy, as so many do, then you will find it &quot;cold,&quot; and should look elsewhere, probably to one of Bernstein's later recordings.  I have heard at least fifteen recordings of this symphony over the years, and for me Boulez's command of the work's architecture, especially in the first movement, is without parallel.  Boulez also reveals more of the work's polyphonic character than most. I must say, though, that the &quot;4D&quot; recording is dry and claustrophobic (one reviewer whose name I cannot recall aptly called it &quot;relentlessly 2D&quot;).       My all time favorite interpreter of this symphony is Jascha Horenstein, whose volatility seems generated from the music, not forced upon it in order to put it through a kind of emotional bloodbath.  But I would never want to be without this recording by Boulez, whose amazing control molds the piece into a convincing whole, as opposed to the string of febrile episodes we so often get.
B000000YBQ|5.0|A beautifully felt and executed album, by one of the best trios in jazz history.  Is it too much to say that Evans \\"owns\\" My Foolish Heart?\\"  I think not, just as he has applied his touch to produce other definitive version.  His beautiful touch--soft, lyrical, sure but seeking, produce a floating, atmospheric sound that sets him apart from all other pianists.<br />Evans can do no wrong, and his performances here are famous, even definitive, especially on \\"Porgy and Bess,\\" \\"My Foolish Heart,\\" and the absolutely wonderful \\"Waltz for Debbie.\\" (Fans of the latter might want to check out the vocal of this song on \\"The Tony Bennett/Bill Evans Album\\", with lyrics by jazz critic and writer, Gene Lees.  Bennett and Evans perform also the lovely ballad \\"Some Other Time,\\" played beautifully on this album.)<br /> \\"Waltz for Debbie\\" also show how he can either float or swing you.  I used to think of him as atmospheric and ruminative, but it's clear that Evans and the trio also produce energetic sounds that move you physically as well as emotionally.  Evans soothes and surprises you at the same time. The trio (Scott Lafaro on bass and Paul Motian on drums) are perfectly sympatico-the sum is greater than the parts, which is saying quite a lot considering the individual talents here.. The trio is marvelously empathic, the drums and bass kicking it up when Evans does, following his lead, yet launching into their own discursions as well (hear what LaFaro does on \\"Waltz for Debbie,\\" either take of \\"My Romance,\\" and throughout).  This is definitely not \\"free jazz,\\" it is exquisite ensemble playing that coheres because of the individual contributions of each musician. Motian's delicate brushwork and shimmering cymbals add texture and color to every performance.<br />One of the top jazz CDs, although it's difficult to select any single one from the Evans oeuvre (e.g., \\"Everybody Digs Bill Evans,\\" \\"Sunday at the Village Vanguard,\\" the many live performances). If you think there's no such thing as a natural high, listen to this album. Every CD is wonderful: If you have the bucks, by all means get the Evans box set!h thing as a natural high, listen to this album. Every CD is wonderful: If you have the bucks, by all means get the Evans box set!
B000003N7G|5.0|I'm not exactly an expert with Jazz music.  I mainly listen to alternative and classic rock but I'm always open to new types of music.  So when a friend of mine said he was getting into John Coltrane, I had to find out what the greatness was all about.  So I bought myself a copy of &quot;Love Supreme&quot;.  I was not dissappointed.  I was not only impressed by the music itself, but the musical talents off all the players.  This is not purely a John Coltrane record;  McCoy Tyner makes a huge impact on this CD as well with his piano playing.  I believe it's the second song where he performs an extended solo.  Coltrane certainly let his musicians have their space.  But Coltrane is certainly the star.  His sax playing has as much personality as any vocalist could possibly have.  It's almost hypnotizing.  I love playing this while relaxing.  I also own &quot;My Favorite Things&quot; but I like this one a little better.  It's a certainly a must-have to anyones CD collection, no matter what music you normally listen to.
6305810109|5.0|In this movie an old man, Alvin Straight, hears that his brother in Wisconsin has suffered a stroke.  The brothers had had an argument 10 years ago and had not spoken since. Alvin decides that he will travel to see his brother on the only mode of transportation at his disposal, a lawnmower.  The story is of his journey, both physical and emotional, towards a reconciliation.  This is a simple, but poignant movie.  When Alvin reminisces about childhood memories we have only his words, not a visual flashback.  Along the way Alvin encounters many kind people who help him when he has the inevitable problems of a 300 plus mile trip on a lawnmower.  He refuses offers of a ride by more speedy transportation, preferring instead to make his journey alone and unaided.  Alvin is played to perfection by Richard Farnsworth whose facial expressions and measured words communicate a world of emotion.  Sissy Spacek is very believeble as Alvin's mildly retarded, speech-impaired daughter.  This is a real tribute to family values and the strength of the human spirit.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Buy it. Listen and enjoy two masters at work and play.
B000056VIY|5.0|this cd was one of the best cds i have listened to in the pop/rock category and in every category personly it is my favorite and and cd my favorite song are walking on sunshine and thats the way becasue they are fun to dance to and have latin type beat to them hope this is usefull oh by the way if you like this cd you will love the band atc check it out well c yah later aligater peace :)mikey:)
B0000542DJ|5.0|I bought &quot;JFK-The Oliver Stone Collection&quot; specifically for the special features (deleted scenes, commentary...). I had seen the movie many times, and I grew accustomed to the same scenes. When I saw the Oliver Stone Collection version on sale, I knew I had to buy it. The deleted scenes are mysterious and chilling. My favorite was Oswald's &quot;beyond the grave&quot; apology to his family which was brilliantly acted by Gary Oldman. One other scene which left me awed was the extended version of Garrison in the Texas School Book Depository. Lou Ivon has just finished explaining how Garrison would have to subpoena Dulles and the Cabells in order to explain a massive government plot. Garrison looks out of a sixth story window to see  a ghost of the approaching motorcade. He looks to his left, and sees a shooter and his accomplice commiting the murder of the President of the United States. Other scenes such as Beverly Oliver explaining how her film caught the grassy knoll sniper on film is well-acted. Overall, it was great!
B000056VIY|5.0|this cd was one of the best cds i have listened to in the pop/rock category and in every category personly it is my favorite and and cd my favorite song are walking on sunshine and thats the way becasue they are fun to dance to and have latin type beat to them hope this is usefull oh by the way if you like this cd you will love the band atc check it out well c yah later aligater peace :)mikey:)
0790731452|5.0|I have read some absolutely horrific reviews for Mars Attacks! while browsing on the internet. I personally believe that all of the bad reviews are hogwtash because the critics were reviewing it as a cultured, intellegent science fiction film. If you look at it from that perspective, it would seem horrific. But Director Tim Burton wants us to look at it from a campy, cheesy 1950's spoof perspective; kind of like an Ed Wood movie. If you look at it from that perspective, you'll love it! I heard one person who hates almost all of Tim Burton's films without even knowing it say it the worst, dumbest movie he had ever seen! Of course he wasn't looking at it in the correct point of view. Tim Burton made this movie to be a tribute to Ed Wood, who was probably the worst director of all time. I personally like the special effects. They look absolutely gorgeous, but at the same time are obviously fake; which is something you will probably never see in any other film. So, on behalf of all the Tim Burton fans, I give Mars Attacks! my highest recommendation.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|If you were there, as I was, you will a take a trip down memory lane. If it has been a while for you this will bring a smile or two when those waves of forgotten times good and not so good overwhelm. If this is new to you, get comfortable, enjoy the simple sounds with simple messages and begin your trip. Someday, when it has been a while, you will hear these sounds again and think the same things I did and pass them on to others.
0553106635|5.0|After reading this book, this series has become my alltime favorite fantasy series. I just can't say enough good things about it. The action, intrigue, dialogue, characters...everything is just unmatched. My favorite thing about this series is its ability to be totally unpredictable, unlike every other fantasy I have read. The reader has no idea who will be left standing at the end. As soon as you think it will be a certain character, Martin kills him/her off with impunity. I love it. I also like how there are no real clear cut good guys and bad guys. It is hard to take sides. Both of these characteristics make this the most interesting fantasy I have ever read. Quit reading Jordan and read this. It will be welcome relief from the bordom and predictability of most high fantasy.
B000002MG1|5.0|This is R.E.M.'s masterpiece.No great CD collection is complete without this album.Great songs like Everybody Hurts,Find the River,Nightswimming and Man on the Moon(What better tribute could Michael Stipe's hero,the late Andy Kaufman have?) R.E.M are major artists and this is them working at their peak!
B000056VIY|4.0|This is a great cd. You've all heard &quot;Love don't cost a thing&quot; and it's a great song. Other good songs include &quot;Aint it Funny&quot; which is my favorite song on the album and could be the third single, with &quot;Play&quot; being the second. &quot;We Gotta Talk&quot; and &quot;That's Not Me&quot; are other good songs and you can't forget &quot;I'm Real&quot; and &quot;Walking on Sunshine&quot;. All the other songs are good, but the songs I listed are what do buy the cd for.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Wow! This movie is AWAESOME! I mean, the story was great, the picture quality was great, visal effects-great-screenlay, great, I mean, the list goes on. Hugh Jackman is great as Wolverine-I mean, his looks at lot like his comic book counterpart. The only thing that disapointed me was the casting for Rouge-she should've been older. But she played it well. Everything abou this movie was great. It was worth the effort.
0920668372|5.0|This little classic is readily and easily digested by one who has known the true love of a mother. My mother gave me this book during the first Christmas with my new baby daughter in 1992. I had no idea that within the year, my father would be gone, and I would begin to give tender care to my precious little mother who would begin &quot;getting very sick&quot; much like the mother in the book. I cried a bucket of tears as I read it aloud with my wife, mother and father for the very first time. When my mom passed on, it was a tender and precious time at her bedside, and very reminiscent of this tender little book.<br />Today, my two girls go for it regularly on my shelf at bedtime. They tease me because I can't get through it without crying. Funny to me that they have a very good grasp of allegory and they, unlike some of the book's critics, understand that the scenes with the mother coming to the man's apartment are actually his memories of her love. They understand, as I explain to them that the love poured into the son by his mother, has taught him how to love his new baby daughter at the end.<br />Love begets love, and this little childrens' parable is a powerful reminder! I highly recommend _Love You Forever_ to anyone who enjoyed a wonderful love with their mother. To others, I'm sorry but you simply won't (and obviously don't) understand. It's not written for you.
B00003CX5P|2.0|(Takes out guitar) Boring...Boring...Boring...Boring... Sigh. Is...there a point to this movie?  No!!!!! I mean, there's no plot-and if there was, it is really, really bad. I remember loyal fans of the epic triolgy were even sleeping outside movie theaters-all for this? Let me say, the acting (Expect that Anakin :0...) and directory was good-except for the story-which is the one that makes the movie come alive. Ah, you gotta hate it when legendary directors direct crappy movies-it's insulting. In other words...the polt sucked.
B0000024ZT|5.0|I bought &quot;Greetings...&quot; because I was obsessed with &quot;Spirit in the Night&quot;, and because I'd only ever heard Manfred Mann's version of &quot;Blinded by the Light.&quot;  What I got was a shocking, raw look inside Bruce as a young man, full of life and ideas and new feelings.  This is the album I turn to when I am sad, angry, mad, anything- it is a range of feelings, starting out with the madly twisting &quot;Blinded...&quot;, which always makes me laugh.   Then comes &quot;Growing Up,&quot; the rebel song, in which Bruce says, &quot;When they said sit down, I stood up.&quot;   &quot;Mary, Queen of Arkansas&quot; contains a favorite line of mine: &quot;But I was not born to live to die, and you were not born for queening.&quot;    Next is another slightly silly, yet also deep, song, &quot;Does This Bus Stop At 82nd Street?&quot;- &quot;Rex said that lady left him limp/Love's like that- sure it is.&quot;   Track 5 is &quot;Lost in the Flood,&quot; which seems to detail a day in the life of a guy walking through the city.   Track 6 is &quot;The Angel,&quot; a solemn tribute to a biker and his girl; followed by the upbeat tempo and seemingly suicide-wrought lyrics of &quot;For You.&quot;   8 is &quot;Spirit in the Night,&quot; probably the best known tune on the album, and everything closes with &quot;It's Hard to Be A Saint in the City,&quot; a true rock song with great visuals. In fact, the whole album is filled with imagery, from the problems of the &quot;Blinded...&quot; characters to the &quot;prince of the paupers&quot; and the &quot;pimp's main prophet&quot; in &quot;...Saint in the City.&quot;  An absolute must.  Even the non-Bruce fans I know were blown away by it, most often by &quot;For You.&quot;
B000001GPX|5.0|The first thing I heard on this CD was the 7th and I have yet to listen to all of the 5th.  Kleiber's work is unbelievable and the playing is impeccable.  The delicacy with which they move from the introduction into the theme of the first movement is stunning.  The Adagietto is graceful and (at the end) powerfully beautiful.  The Scherzo is lively and exciting and the fourth movement catches fire at some points.  This is a stunning CD, not to be missed.
B000002H92|5.0|This is a great live collection. It compiles music from three old Doors live albums, &quot;Absolutely Live&quot; (disc 1), &quot;Alive She Cried&quot; and &quot;Weird Scenes Inside The Gold Mine&quot; (disc 2). It will give you a great idea of what this great band was like live in concert. Several of the highlights are 1) the wonderful &quot;Universal Mind&quot;, 2) a great &quot;Roadhouse Blues&quot;, 3) the excellent combo of &quot;Dead Cats Dead Rats&quot; and &quot;Break On Through&quot;, 4) a killer cover of Howlin' Wolf's &quot;Little Red Rooster&quot; with John Sebastian playing a mean harmonica, 5) the excellent performance of &quot;Celebration of the Lizard&quot;, and finally 6) my personal favorite recording of &quot;The End&quot;. I love Morrison's improvisation during it. <br />The Doors were a great band and this CD shows why. The music is great from start to finish. They do a lot of blues stuff on here and flesh out their own songs with instrumental and lyrical improvisation. Must have for any Doors fan.
6304712936|3.0|High-spirited and nearly irresistible, &quot;Amadeus&quot; flatters viewers into thinking &quot;I would never be stupid enough to prefer Salieri to Mozart.&quot; The film is a wonderful bit of 20-20 pandering hindsight produced on an epic scale and crafted with the care and expense that only Hollywood can afford. <br />The film is also EXACTLY equivalent to the lead-bottomed productions the film associates with Salieri. Salieri was an immensely successful composer honored by his patron the Emperor. &quot;Amadeus&quot; made lots of money and won a flock of Academy Awards. Salieri re-worked musical formulas to please a tone-deaf public. Milos Forman and his crew use standard cinematic devices to please audiences uninterested in innovative filmmaking. Salieri's operas (at least as shown in the film; I don't claim to be an expert) were spectacular, over-produced and loud. &quot;Amadeus&quot; is spectacular, over-produced and loud.<br />We all chortle along knowingly with every setback Mozart suffers at the hands of his enemies, smugly aware that history has proven him superior. (One wonders if he wouldn't have preferred the cash.) I'd like to be able to test viewers to see how many could really tell the difference between an unknown work by Mozart or Salieri or any other of their contemporaries. The fact that modern viewers prefer films like &quot;Amadeus&quot; to anything of ambition, perception or daring doesn't make me too confident. Quite the contrary, the continued success of mediocrities like Salieri and &quot;Amadeus&quot; prove that flattering an audience remains perpetually profitable while challenging them a constant risk.<br />&quot;Amadeus&quot; is saved from being completely obnoxious by F. Murray Abraham's wonderful performance and implausibly lush production design. High marks too to Miroslav Ondricek's cinematography, which gives the whole movie the chilly, smooth sheen of Dresden porcelain. The editing is certainly professional and sharp--perhaps a bittoo much so. Forman and his editors repeatedly cut on the beat, giving the footage the rhythms and timings of Mozart's music. As a result, the movie is something like a three-hour rock (classical?) video. The editing simply further expresses the tendency of both direction and script to grab for the obvious. Shaffer and Forman manage to make every point, with sledgehammer subtlety, but undeniable effect. The whole thing is pushy, obvious, and crass, but also entertaining as long as you don't expect too much from it. Besides, it has all those great tunes.
0060975768|5.0|I enjoyed reading this work very much.  You feel the experienced voice of someone who knows!  As the author of &quot;The Patriot's Way&quot; I recommend &quot;We Were Soldiers Once...and Young.&quot;
B000001FJV|5.0|Sometime around 1985 I remember threatening to do bodily harm to myself if my father didn't let me get tickets to see my then (and pretty much still) idol James Brown way way way out in the suburbs of Philly at a place called The Valley Forge Music Fair. - - I was somewhat concerned though.  At that time, there were two JB's - - JB, the funkiest man alive... and JB, the guy from Rocky IV who was trying to ride the wave of the unfunky '80s.  - - I really wanted to hear all that rare JB funk from the early '70s, but back then, most of that stuff was THE PAST... JB was either the LIVING IN AMERICA guy, or MR. I FEEL GOOD.  Maceo &amp; Fred Wesley and the JBs were names of a distant past almost.<br />Well, I went to the concert... it was a very white audience and the coming attractions included a lot of country music stars like Johnny Cash and Dolly Parton... anyway, the show began... Wilson Pickett tour the roof off... then JB's band came out, and ..., they were kicking this type of Jazzed out JB funk that I'd never heard before, even on the albums... and when JB came out, the fun didn't stop there... he did a few of his greatest hits, but to the disdain of most the yuppie audience, he basically did an evening of extended grooves, even sitting in at the organ, playing drums, giving Maceo Parker (still with him and with Gherri Curls) lot's of long solos.  - - THE ENTIRE AUDIENCE basically got up and left, but the show went on for 4 hours... and there were only a hand full of people at the end... yet I was in FUNK heaven....  but so miserably depressed that I'd probably never get to hear anything like that again.<br />Well to make a long story short, when this CD came out, it almost brough tears to my eyes, because the versions of those tunes that you hear on this CD is the type of stuff that JB was doing that night, against the popular tide ! ! !  - - Though there are plenty of great JB hit albums, when it comes to the overall groove and Jazzed out funk vibe of JB, this is the epitome of it... therefore, I can reccomend no CD more than this for the true funk efficianado.<br />Long live the Godfather !his is the epitome of it... therefore, I can reccomend no CD more than this for the true funk efficianado.<br />Long live the Godfather !
6305127638|5.0|The Federations greatest enemy is back and in full force, the Borg. Their plans are to take control of Earth and only one ship, one crew, can stop them.....<br />With the Enterprise-D destroyed in the previous film, Generations. We now get our first look at the newly designed Enterprise-E, a spectacular sight to say the least...<br />Great performances by James Cromwell, Alfre Woodard and Alice Krige really complimented Patrick Stewart, Johnathan Frakes and the entire crew of TNG....<br />This film is full of action and adventure, from quantum torpedos firing to rampaging borg assimilating everything in sight. It may be slightly confusing if you're not a fan of star trek, but I promise that after seeing this, you'll want to go out and purchase every episode of the next generation... <br />This was the best Star trek film to date, it combined great action scenes with deep moral issues... <br />It was a true masterpiece, I can't imagine any other star trek film topping this.  I highly reccommend it and if I could give this film more than 5 stars, I would....
B000001DTM|5.0|What a masterpiece of an accompilation of music.  The delicacy of each compilation combines to create a completely and utterly auspicious album with so much good stuff to talk about. Anyone who can listen to this album, I consider it a good omen, and just an overall heart-wrenching and beautiful experience. from &quot;so cruel&quot;...those first few beats always get me, to &quot;love is blindness&quot; which I just recently discovered the magnitude of, to &quot;ultraviolet&quot; and it's awesome chorus, to everything else it's all just great...especially when you're getting through a heartache...
B00004YA66|5.0|This is one of the few satisfying movies I can remember seeing. Apart from loving Dennis Quaid, who puts in a great performance, I like this film for its unabashed good storytelling. It is tense because it allows us to grow incredibly involved with the characters. Moreover, apart from the usual coincidence thing, the science fiction plot doesn't have holes. May you enjoy this movie as much as I did!
6305078564|5.0|I will keep it simple. If you love Jane Austen, you will love this miniseries.     Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy is brooding, mysterious and perfectly cast. Jennifer Ehle is charming and has a lot of moxy. A woman before her time.     I highly recommend this miniseries. You will watch it over and over.
0671891634|5.0|read this book[ but did not absorb, or do anything useful]several years ago... revisited very recently, 'cause I felt it necessary..<br />Whether Lynch was obsessive [ 80 + hour weeks ], stubborn [looking to prove that multi-gigabucks could be managed by a guy turning over thousands of rocks ], or simply mindful of his future place in investing history; I don't care-- <br />the message is reinforced: if you're inclined: you can find ways to make money investing in common stocks... and in some ways, you DO have an edge over many professionals--if you have, or take, the time...<br />the book would be worth it for no more that the 'Principles': eg- Never invest in any idea you can't illustrate with a crayon...
B000051VWW|5.0|Hey folk, lissen up...ya'll know who Sade is, right? A real smooth operator, right? A real good singer, right? That's all true, fa'real...but now? Right now? She is much better than that! You can lissen to this album anywhere...flossin in your ride...slumpin with someone you love over plums and candlelight...all by yourself as you unwind from that 9 to 5...or at your mama's house during Sunday's dinner! This album appeals to everyone, even my daddy likes this cd. E'rbody needs some Sade in their collection, ya'll can start with this one and work backwards to her earlier work. What logical explanation can you have for not having this in your rotation? You can play this between N'Dambi and Jazzyphatnastees. You won't regret it, trus'me. Peace, folk.
B00003CXDU|5.0|I put off watching this movie for awhile because I had gotten tired of Allen in his T.V. show (there was only so much of him screwing everything up and his wife having to fix it I could take) and I didn't know if I could get past that. I'm glad I got past it though because this is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. Allen is perfect along with the rest of the cast especially Allen Rickman as has been actors of a forgotten sci-fi t.v. show now on the convention circuit. They get thrown a real curve ball when real aliens show up needing their help. This movie is fast and funny. Take my advice if you want to laugh and just have a great time in front of your tube, see it. You'll have fun with it.
0525945636|3.0|Overall, I thought Code to Zero was an enjoyable, quick read.  <br />The book moves very quickly with short chapters that make the book easy to read for those of us who can only find short blocks of time to fit in our pleasure reading.<br />The book's major shortcoming, however, is its predictability and the &quot;cop-out&quot; solutions to the protagonist's major dilemmas.  While the main character has completely lost his memory, and starts the novel with absolutely no resources, he is blessed with &quot;instincts&quot; and an awful lot of &quot;good luck&quot; that allows him to piece together the history of his life and move the story forward.  <br />I found Follett's reliance on happenstance to solve the protagonist's major problems to detract from what was otherwise an incredibly enjoyable and imaginative novel.  Overall, this was a good book to read on the short train ride into work everyday.
B000006YYM|5.0|Those who saw Gentle Giant performing in their heyday were always surprised by how much humour played a role in the live GG experience, rambling jokes in between numbers being par for the course. After their music was branded as pretentious by music critics they even took to touring with a huge neon sign flashing the word &quot;PRETENTIOUS&quot; over their heads. This spirit of playfulness was reflected in most of their music, including Power and the Glory, one of their best albums. It was the first one I ever heard and my initial reaction was &quot;whaaaaaat?&quot;, particularly when faced with the frankly insane and utterly brilliant So Sincere. Power and the Glory is not one of their most accessable albums - not that accessable is a term anyone ever applied to Gentle Giant anyway with their nutty time signatures and sometimes raw dissonance counterpointing fragile melodies. But boy does it repay anyone who sticks with it for a couple of listens. What strikes one perhaps the most, compared to much music production nowadays, is the sheer clarity of it. There is no fudging, every instrument is crystal clear and in your face. If this is your introduction to Gentle Giant you might want to purchase Free Hand or Octupus as well and start with one of those since they are a tad easier for the first time listener. But Power and the Glory is one of their best albums and certainly the one that I find myself listening to the most. Just remember that the whole idea behind their music was that it was supposed to be FUN! And you'll have a great time.
B0000524E5|4.0|This movie has an awesome soundtrack and dance sequences! I'd recommend it to anyone who likes music.
B00000JJQK|5.0|After hearing this album you'll realize that the Beatles were a bunch of no-talent hacks! PET SOUNDS is far, far better than anything the Beatles ever did!<br />Relax, Beatle fans, I'm only joking. But aren't infantile statements such as the ones above inevitable when one tries to compare the work of one artist or group with another? My advice: let the Beatles be the Beatles, let Brian be Brian, and realize that BOTH deserve an exalted place in the pantheon of 20th-century pop music. <br />BTW - For what it's worth, Capitol is planning to remaster and reissue this album yet again, restoring David Leaf's liner notes from the 1990 reissue, not to mention the &quot;Trombone Dixie&quot; outtake that appeared on that version. It will also omit the stereo version, so purists can stop wailing and gnashing their teeth over that supposed heresy. Look for the new version come July.
0064471837|5.0|There are two words to desribe Sabriel: Perfection &amp; spell binding. This book was written extremely well and for those of you who like a good fantasy/science fiction this is deffinatly the book for you. I couldnt put the book down for three days! I recommended it to my parents and friends and they all loved it! This book is one of the best I have ever read!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|This album is a quantum leap from Give 'em Enough Rope. Others have said Rumours and the Joshua Tree were the best of the 70's and 80's respectively. WRONG!!!!!!! Those albums were not major leaps like London Calling. 4 white punks make a double album with punk, rockability that makes the stray cats and the reverend horton heat jealous, ska as good as the Specials and reggae that smokes the wailers. Fleetwood Mac and U2 never came close to doing that. Most band will never make a piece de resistance like the Clash did with London Calling
B000056VIY|4.0|People are reviewing Jennifer Lopez as if she is pretending to be Bob Dylan! Granted, Jennifer has a limited voice range, however, I will point out that she does an excellent job of delivering catchy, bubble gum songs with a snappy beat.  She is not soulful or deep, nor does she pretend to be.  For what it is, and what most folks are looking for when ordering a Lopez album, this is as good as it gets.  Her catchy, R&amp;B-inspired tunes remind listeners that sometimes the greatest joy in life simply needs to be the DJ playing your favorite song.
B0000028UK|1.0|I was very dissapointed in Vedder when I heard this album. It got me the feeling that I know I'm not a Pearl Jam fan and will never be a hardcore fan of them. I couldn't listen to this album at all. The songs all sound terrible(for me, at least that is.). It also has some terrible acoustic tracks on this that I couldn't take. Sorry, but for me, this is simply a waste of money.<br><br>However, I still LOVE Daughter the best and I wish I could go back and give it an extra star because it's a ten-star song from a one-star album.
6304711875|5.0|Pity poor Sidney, it's a year after her mothers death and there is a double murder in her town. Then  Sidney is attacked by the killer, suddenly she is swamped by news reporters, including Gale Weathers, and death threats. Who could the killer be? Her boyfriend Billy? Horror movie freak Randy? Her best friend Tatum? Her friend Stu? Local cop Dewey? Everyone is a suspect.  God I love this movie, it is almost perfect, Scream is the reason that we have horror now a days. I find it hard to believe any movie is perfect but Scream is almost perfect. It is the start to the god damn best horror trilogy out there. Wes Craven gives us great direction and really keeps the audience on the edge of their seat. The movie is also well written with loads of irony and references to other horror movies. The first time I walked into Scream I was expecting another Friday The 13th style movie, god was I wrong. Scream is a must for any horror fan, I know there are people that don't like it to much but it is a very good film.
B0000062GE|5.0|when I first heard this I was shocked. I've never heard such a great industrial album. It's definitely matured. My definite favorite, on the other hand is &quot;How Can I Hold On&quot;, one of the best industrial/gothic songs I've ever heard. Unlike Gravity Kills, SW hit harder and have a more developed band. Chris Hall and Co. were on tour with Sister Soleli and NIN which are both great. This here is a must. You'll be very happy you decided to buy this. Almost as good as The Fragile by NIN, this is also genius. Save Yourself wasn't even the best song. I first checked this out by samples but you know even from that that this is a must.
6305903182|5.0|Poor Sidney has now changed her name to Lara and is working for a woman's crisis center. Meanwhile Hollywood are making a new Stab movie, Stab 3: Return To Woodsburrow. After a murder the police hire Gale Weathers to check out the film to see if there are any suspects. There she meets Dewy who is the technical adviser. It doesn't take them long to realise that the killer is killing the cast in the order they die in the movie, the only snag being there were three scripts made to keep the ending off the internet. The body count (along with the tension) rises and the killer leaves pictures of Sidney's mother after each killing.  Scream 3 is the final instalment of the Scream trilogy. The makers are probably going to make a forth one. If this is the  last ending it's a brilliant way to end it. the killer has now changed his routine, which is so good that the audience won't even see him coming. A video tape of Randy Meeks is shown that explains the rules of a movie trilogy.  1. Anyone can die, even the main character.  2. The killer will always be super human, meaning tougher to kill.  3. Something from the past will come back, meaning the past is not at rest.  This one has the biggest body count of the three films and possibly the most humour. The film is also full of expendable  new comers, like Jenny McCarthy, Parker Posey. It also has some cool cameos, like Jay and Silent Bob (Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy and Dogma), who were created by Kevin Smith, and Carrie Fisher from Star Wars.  This one lacks the irony and the in jokes of the first two movies and has half the amount of film references. But it has enough suspence and laughs to make up for that. The direction by Wes Craven is probably his best to date. In the fun final set (in a big mansion full of secret passages), he throws some false alarms and cool camera shoots so we never know where 'Ghostface' is going to turn up next.  The creator of the first two Scream movies (Kevin Williamson) didn't get a chance to do this one so Elgar Kruger has taken over and has givin the movie some originality and great  twist that kind of changes the first movie. In the end I'd have to say that part three is the best yet.
B000001Y42|5.0|&lt;&lt;ok, this is it. this is before (nookie) &amp; mtv and all that. this is raw hardcore emotional music. well i am a fan of limp bizkits other two releases, they pale in comparison to this albulm which i consider to be one of the most angry metal albums of the 90's the best song is &quot;stalemate&quot; .... this album is the bizkit album to get, &amp; if you havent heard the cd dont judge it on faith thats the weakest song here&gt;&gt;keep the noise comin&gt;&gt;&gt;
1558908498|5.0|It's a few years later and Sidney and Randy are in collage trying to forget the past. Sidney even has a new boyfriend. One thing that doesn't help is that there is a movie out called Stabwhich is based on the events that happened to her, another thing is two people where murdered in the sneak preview to stab. The murders bring in all the reporters, including Gale Weathers who brings along Cottin Weary, the man wrongly accused of the murder of Sidneys mother. Dewey comes along because he is worried for Sidney. The body count appears to rise and it seems someone wants to make a real life sequel. But who? Boyfriend Derek? Room Mate Hally? Video geek Randy? Friend Mickey? Cici? Gale? Dewey? Cottin? Everyone is a suspect.   I didn't think it would be possable but it was, yes Scream 2 ended up being better then the first part. Scream 2 is alot like the first one, a killer or two is running around killing people. No one knows who it is. The movie is about sequels, a film class discuss sequels and try and think up a better sequel. Wes Craven does a great job with the direction of this movie, there are plenty of well timed shocks and loads of suspenceful chase scenes. Another job he does well is the direction of Stab, the movie with in a movie, it is purposly directed badly with makes it funny to watch. Scream 2 is also well acted and longer then the first with a better twist at the end, it has more gore then before. Over all I loved Scream 2, ALOT.
0783114222|5.0|Having been born in 1961, I remember firsthand the drama and awe of this human adventure from a childs perspective.  I remember how exciting it was, how inspiring!  Today, I find myself blessed to be able to look back at those events with an adult's perspective, and to re-explore them through this great work so deftly done!  Having watched this special on HBO during it's initial broadcasts, and now to be able to own this set on DVD, with all the added features, it truly exciting.  The history shown in the series is accurate, and the drama very real indeed.  It gives one an appreciation for what this country can do when motivated towards a goal.  This series is inspiring and recaptures the moments, glorious, terrifying, sad, and joyful, all in one very well done miniseries.  Tom Hanks and HBO outdid themselves.  Watching this, you get to feel the pride of what America can do, and DID do.  This work is a tribute to all the men and women, and whole families, that supported the NASA efforts.  I am lucky enough to actually have worked with some of the people who were part of the Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo teams during their careers.  Each one of their personal stories echoes the kind of &quot;can do&quot; attitude that this series captures so very well!
B00003CXE7|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater, and loved it.  The DVD is great.  The second disc has most of the extra features, and a few of the omitted scenes are good.  I think a couple of them shed some more light on the story.  For those who loved the score as I did, there is a part were you can see the composer discuss the process he went through writing the soundtrack.  I think this is one of the best movies out there.  The story is a great story, and it is full of emotion.  I highly recommend this movie.
0525945636|1.0|Amnesia is absolutely the most overused cliche in literature. I have never known anyone, who has ever known anyone, who has ever known anyone who has had amnesia. Ok - I know it exists, it is a medical fact. Still, this tool for creating a story is so tired, so pat, so ridiculous!! And how do the people in Luke's life react when they find out that he has amnesia? Is even a single one of them dubious, the least bit skeptical? No!! They don't question it for a second, but act like it happens everyday, and immediately begin launching into a description of what they know of Luke's background, as if they were giving a recipe for onion dip. I would not have read this book, knowing it was about amnesia, had not my mom given it to me for Christmas, knowing I like to read (used to like to read) Ken Follett books. No more, please!! Don't make me do it, Mom!!
B000000H4V|5.0|I typed most of the Slayer reviews but now I'm moving on to some of my favorite bands cuz beleive it or not Slayer is my third favorite. But Any way I only own two Sepultura cd's. This and Against.Against was great with there new lead singer but it cant even come close to the power of Chaos AD. I ever heard anything so great in my life. I f u do not like this band or any of the songs in this album u have to be nuts. U must own this album, this is has to be one of the greatest non American bands out there. U gotta buy this one.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|The Beatles are my favorite band and the songs on this album are some of the best I've ever heard.  So why did I give this album three stars?  Simple answer.  If the Beatles want to start digitally remastering their music, let's have it.  I think it's a great idea and I'll be the first in line to buy each of the remastered albums.  But I'm not going to buy the &quot;hits&quot; album to get a &quot;preview&quot; of the remastered sounds, and then shelve the album in perpetuity once the album remasters come out.  This release is marketing and nothing more.  Only six years ago the Beatles released a two-volume greatest hits album on CD.  I understand they're the greatest band ever; but a greatest hits album every five years, with the same music???<br />     Having said that, if you like but don't love the Beatles, I suppose this one is worth the while.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day is an amazing band, and this is an amazing cd!! WOW! Is still listen to this cd a lot, and how old is it now? You can listen straight through, but if I had to pick the best tracks, they would be Chump, Long View, Basket Case, Burn Out,...and more. Buy this cd if you happen to be without it.
B00004Y7SF|1.0|I own all 3 of Christina's major CD releases, and really enjoy Mi Reflejo & the self-titled one, but this is an awful attempt to cash in on the most beloved of holidays. She sings here with a screech that insults her material, and material that insults her usual standards (Xtina's Xmas? Totally awful). I do enjoy her Christmas Time, and her interpretations of The Christmas Song and This Christmas, but only these 3 songs really bring out the holiday spirit for me, and leave the album feeling more fabricated than festive.
B00004XQP4|4.0|...but not too much. This isn't as energetic, fast punky as older green day stuff. But it's still good. They're somewhat more mature, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. They're still one of the best bands out there, and I love 'em a lot. The best tracks on here are Church on Sunday, Fasion Victim, Deadbeat Holiday, Minority, Jackass. This is really good, but I think I prefer the older stuff. But like I said they're a wonderful band and this is no exception.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Tidal was great, so, of course, I anxiously awaited the relase of When the Pawn....  Upon receiving it, I was amazed.  Her sophmore effort is so dynamic and emotional, from the anger of &quot;Limp&quot;, to the sullennes of &quot;Love Ridden&quot;, to the almost romanticism of &quot;I'll Know&quot;.  Wallowing in self-pity and seeking revenge, Fiona has definitely created a masterpiece.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 did not sell out. So their videos are on MTV? Their songs are still like the older ones, fun to listen to, fast, punky, with lots of jokes and stuff. People have just gone way overboard with labeling bands &quot;sell-outs&quot;. This is a really good cd. The sound may have changed a little, but not drastically. Some of my favorite tracks: The Party Song, Going Away To College, and What's my Age Again. And ok, All The Small Things is kind of a fluffy song. Not my favorite, a little too pop. It just makes me a little mad that THAT'S the one MTV and everyone latch on to. It's not the worst song out there, but it's not Blink 182's best.
0345440757|2.0|There is a lot to like about this book (even though constantly being called &quot;luv&quot; did get old by about page 3)... in many parts there *is* very good advice. Tracy Hogg claims a middle-of-the-road approach to parenting a newborn and I agree with many of her ideas. She does not advocate letting babies cry and communicates overall the belief that parents should respect their babies as the tiny people they are. Overall, there is a lot of comforting stuff in here. <br />But I have issues with some of her specific advice. First, I find that she's judgmental about attachment parenting in general. I'm no die-hard attachment parent, but I'm no rigid-scheduler either and I totally disagree with her belief that demand feeding, cosleeping and the like teaches a baby bad habits or does not effectively meet their needs. She presumes that if AP doesn't work for some, then it will not work for all and is therefore not even worth trying because you'll end up with a baby with bad habits to break down the road. My experiences with flexibility vs. scheduled routine have been quite different. Gentle transitions from three completely attached newborns to independent individuals without parent-imposed schedules (it's been much more symbiotic than the method Hogg proposes) have worked quite well in our household. While my style may not be right for everyone, it certainly *can* work, something that Hogg fails to recognize. (She believes the &quot;family bed gives parents short-shrift&quot; without acknowledging that it actually *works* for many.)<br />Then there is the breastfeeding advice. I am disappointed to see someone who calls herself a lactation consultant try to make such a strong case for formula feeding over breastfeeding. As a mom who has both bottlefed and breastfed (and is still breastfeeding), I agree with Hogg that guilt or judgment has NO place in this decision, but I also feel that she has done a great disservice to moms and babies by understating some very important advantages and benefits of breastfeeding. She explains that &quot;one can make a good case for either formula-feeding or breastfeeding.&quot; Unfortunately, she never does get around to making the case for breastfeeding.<br />In this same section, entitled &quot;Making the Choice,&quot; Hogg has a sidebar on Feeding Fashions. In this small box, where I presume she's trying to show that while breastfeeding is currently &quot;all the rage,&quot; the tide may turn out of its favor in later years as has happened in the past. (It's not clear here whether she's saying therefore don't choose breastfeeding just because it's a modern day &quot;fad&quot; or that if you decide to formula feed against popular opinion, know that 25 years from now it will probably be &quot;the thing to do&quot; just like it was 25 years ago? I don't get it.) She also says here, &quot;As this book is being written, scientists are experimenting with the notion of genetically altering cows to produce human breast milk [yuk]. If that happens, perhaps in the future everyone will tout cow's milk. In fact, a 1999 article in the Journal of Nutrition suggests 'that it may ultimately be possible to design formulas better able to meet the needs of individual infants than the milk available from the mother's breast.'&quot; <br />Okay, that is fascinating information, but how should it impact any mother's decision *today*? Feed your baby formula now because in the future it might actually be the best choice!? (A statement in itself which is worthy of an opposing dissertation - there are more advantages to breastfeeding than the mere composition of the fluid.)<br />Later, in the breastfeeding section, she specifically discourages demand feeding - advice which is direct opposition to breastfeeding recommendations endorsed by the majority of professional lactation consultants and the American Academy of Pediatrics. Hogg has a schedule all charted out for new parents, beginning with day one, which becomes increasing less flexible over a three day period, until you're stuck on that infamous three hour schedule by day FOUR and beyond. She promotes pacifier use (she believes in fostering independence from the very beginning), and &quot;dispels the myth&quot; of nipple confusion. And she seems to favor weaning within the first year, which is again not the recommendation of the AAP. Let me say that I actually agreed with some of her breastfeeding advice (don't watch the clock, don't switch sides, find a mentor), but you need to have a pretty discerning eye to know what is the good stuff and what is er, codswallop. Not good for first-time parents or those learning to breastfeed for the first time.<br />I'm a little surprised that Hogg is an LC at all, because she really doesn't come across as much of a breastfeeding advocate. In the feeding chapter, she puts LLLI and the US Public Health Service (neither seeking profit) in the same category as formula companies, accusing them all of &quot;huge propaganda campaigns.&quot; Then she assures moms that SHE, on the other hand, is going to &quot;help you become clearer about your choice, [providing] empowering information - without the rocket science or statistical numwhack that conventional breastfeeding books tend to bombard you with.&quot; Ugh.
B00003CXE6|5.0|Not only is this a great action movie, it even has a historical value. Most of the reviews here are written by Americans and a was a bit sceptic too when I went to see the movie because of the fact that the movie was directed by Ridly Scott (an American). I must say, Ridley did his research more than adequate. Coming from Europe (and thus having visite Rome more than once) I was impressed how accurate the city of Rome was reproduced. I was amazed by the look of the Colosseum (that now still partially stands in the center of Rome). Americans tend to forget the influence of the Roman Empire. Well I can say that Europe wouldn't be what it is today if the Roman Empire hadn't existed.
006092988X|5.0|I have always wanted to read this book, and when I went into my ninth grade honors English class this year and saw it on the reading list, I couldn't wait to start it.  I never had read it before because it had always seemed too long. How wrong I was! I couldn't put the book down, and when I finished, I yearned to know more about Francie. The story is very believable, as I am sure that Ms. Smith experienced some of the same hardships that Francie underwent. A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is an excellent book to read for school, and it is probably on most reading lists.  The theme is very prevalent throughout the novel, and there are good examples of figurative language, and other aspects that are discussed in the classroom. I think that in order to truly understand the book, the reader must be at least eleven years old.  However, I do feel that this can be enjoyed by a younger child, even if the exact meaning is not understood.  Francie sets a good example for everyone in her ability to overcome obstacles and reach her goals. This is a timeless classic that I'm sure will be enjoyed for years to come!
B000002OX7|5.0|&quot;Who's Next&quot; is one of the greatest rock albums ever made! After 30 years from it's original release date, it's still relevant and packs a punch! There is no filler on this album which contains their mega-hits &quot;Behind Blue Eyes,&quot; &quot;Baba O'Riley,&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again.&quot; Townsend's and Moon's playing are at their peak here! Except no substitutions, this is the real stuff!
B0000009SI|5.0|Zappa had a way of making the absurd believable and credible.  Apostrophe is a collection of simply remarkable songs that continue in that very tradition.  From the opening of &quot;Don't Eat the Yellow Snow&quot; to the evil closer, &quot;Stink-foot&quot;, the record is tight and beautiful.  Zappa knew exactly what he wanted and led his expert band through some amazingly complex arrangements, even recruiting bassist Jack Bruce to play some nasty fuzz bass on the title cut.  I was going to start picking favorite cuts, but I don't think I could, as every number here is a classic in my mind.  This is a great first Zappa album for anyone who's ready for something different.
B000002KCI|5.0|I hesitated getting this album for a long while and i am not totally sure why. Anyway, ignoring Zuma was one of my worst decisions regarding my Neil collection (now 25 albums). This album is one of Neils best. Every song on here is excellent and none of them are filler tracks. Don't Cry No Tears, Stupid Girl, Drive Back and Barstool Blues are short, punchy rock tracks and are amazing. Lookin' For A Love is a Lo-Fi affair like on Comes A Time only not quite ao quiet. Pardon My Heart and Through My Sails are gorgeous acoustic numbers with Pardon.. having the bonus of a hypnotic refrain. Then the two best numbers on the record, the sprawling, mesmeric and rocking beasts that are Cortez The Killer and Dangerbird. Enough has been said on these two tracks so all i will say is LISTEN!! And just get the album. Don't make the same mistake I did and get it as soon as possible!
B0000025BL|5.0|This album will surely go down in the history books as a classic, no matter what it's detractors say. It is an album of epic proportions, the songs are dramatic and entertaining. The production may be 'over-the-top', but perfect for these songs. Anything less would have ruined it. And the same goes for Meat Loaf's voice. It's a perfect voice for these songs...he has real dramatics and a way that brings the songs to life. There was and is, a reason that this sold so many copies...of course there are people who don't like it, you can't please everyone all the time...but for the majority, this is a must for any rock collection.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I just woke up after falling asleep in 1962.  Someone put a set of neat really gear lightweight headphones on me and played this LP.  Crikey!  The world has changed and it is better.  Getting better all the time.  No one needs to listen to any other music to understand where everything has come from.  Okay, maybe Stevie Wonder's Innervisions explains rap, but it doesn't excuse it.
B00002MHS1|5.0|Man, was this a departure for Traffic from their previous albums. When I first picked up this album and saw Dave Mason wasn't on it, I was disappointed. Afterall, Mason was the guitar player for the band, and he wrote half their music. I really liked that folk pop sound on their previous self-titled album. And I felt Mason was the one primarily responsible for that sound. But it was obvious Winwood didn't want to go that way, and he and Mason had a fallen out. So that takes us to this album. This was orignally supposed to be a solo album for Winwood. But at the last minute he decided to bring on his old bandmates Jim Capaldi and Chris Wood, minus Mason. From the moment I first put the needle to the vinyl, and GLAD came on, well I was hooked big time. This was different than anything I had ever heard before. A band without a true guitar player who could jam and improvise like a jazz band, but still maintain a rock sound. What a way to start the 70's. Glad still remains one of the best instrumental songs I've heard.But the extended jams don't stop there. FREEDOM RIDER comes next with some fantastic creative sax and flute playing by Chris Wood. And then EMPTY PAGES with the most memorable elecric piano solo by Winwood that I've ever heard. Side 2 of the original vinyl did feature guitar. But it was Winwood handling the duties this time. This album was clearly a Winwood vehicle. He also produced most of this album. But he did bring in Guy Stevens, who was one of the best rock producers ever, to produce on STRANGER TO HIMSELF, and EVERY MOTHER'S SON, which has some George Harrison sounding guitar playing along with an extended organ and piano solo going on at the same time. Definitly the Guy Stevens touch, and a good way to close the album. A lot of people don't consider this their best album. But of all the Traffic albums I have, and I've got about all of em, I seem to reach for this one the most.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Oh my God! This is just a supreme movie which captured me at the tender age of 5 years old. When I was a child I thought I was going to get tired of it when I grew up. BUT NO. Now I am 19, and I'm still enjoying the magic and fantasy of Labyrinth, and will let Henson's bequest to my descendants. Needless to say that this so 80's look in all the hair, costumes and music has remained until today, without looking so old fashioned as in other similar movies.<br />From the &quot;Underground&quot; credits to the touching end, this movie is better than anyone could think just by looking at its plot or its cover. It's not about a girl who has to get trough a labyrinth to get back her brother.It is deeper,it's about the negation of growing up, about being in self-created world full of criatures you've ever dreamed of. Labyrinth is about me and all those people in the world who still believe in another land where you can live a never ending childhood.<br />At the end of the movie Hoggle and Sir Didymus say: &quot;Should you need us, should you need us for any reason at all...&quot;. Then, I need you Hoggle, Sarah, Jareth, Ludo, all of you, just to make my own private fantasy land complete and real.<br />I KNEEL DOWN TO YOU, SIR HENSON
0684847248|4.0|In my ministry to soldiers, I see just how vaccuous most people are to spirituality.  And to no one's surprise, this lack of a spiritual center eventually leads to a person's life caving in on them.<br />Peck addresses the problem of spiritual vaccuity by calling us back to the virtuous life.  He does so by reminding us that life is difficult.  What will we do with the pain?  He calls us to invest it in love, discipline, faith, and grace.  His primary medium for presentation is case-study method and religious / philosophical discourse.  The clinical cases he sites helped me to understand the specific ways spirituality applies to life.  I did notice that almost all of his case studies were &quot;happy endings&quot; where the patient &quot;got it&quot; and were transformed through therapy.  I wonder about the cases that didn't.  Specifically, I wonder about how the spiritual philosophies Peck discusses affects these &quot;failures.&quot;<br />On the whole, however, I think Peck presents a cogent case for embracing religion and spirituality as a way to re-work our lives and build a strong center.  Life is indeed hard.  Having a spirituality upon which to rest makes the storms of life easier to endure.<br />My major criticism of the book was the length of the paragraphs.  Maybe I have ADD, but I found them to be entirely too long to read enjoyably.  I would prefer more brevity.<br />I recommend the book, especially for those who are trying to establish or re-build their spirituality.  But come prepared to plod through marsh-like paragraphs...perhaps as a means to understand just how hard life can be.
0393317552|5.0|I thought customers may want to know that this book received the Pulitzer in 1998. It won for non-fiction -- I didn't see any reviews that mentioned this!!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I think Princess Mononoke a very good movie. It was very well written and anamated. It is a dazzling adventure and comedic movie. The vioces are very well done and the characters are just wonderful. It is a very good movie and I hope that all the people that like Japanese anamation  have a look at this movie. I think it is for ages from 8 to adults. I hope you all get to see it.
0385486804|5.0|As Jim Morrison would put it, &quot;you're all a bunch of slaves!&quot; <br />Chris Mcandless, however, was no slave-- in the sense that he didn't conform to modern day social institutions that is. Education meant little or nothing to him, he felt that education was the means to becoming a pawn of some corporate conglomerate. He set out to live &quot;un-commited&quot; and free, as Thoreau would say. And he did just that. He went on a &quot;pilgrimage&quot; to find himself; to find some sort of meaning in an insane world. He didn't travel to Jerusalem or Mecca to find an external answer to life's problems, instead he looked towards himself. He challenged himself to be a responsible and noble human being-- one who wasn't a serf toiling in the fields of his vassal, or for that matter doing any slave-like task for the benefit of the whole; because, as we all know, there's no such thing as a &quot;whole&quot;, the concept of the whole is a lie, the Soviet Union tried to do that and failed.<br />Chris' nomadic venture through America and parts of Mexico was a journey that only a few people would dare undertake. And why should anyone undertake it anyway, when, afterall, they are all content with their empirical lifestyle full of cheap trifles? America is very similar to ancient Rome and Britain: they exploit others for the benefit of themselves. Eventually, however, it will soon all crumble as we here in America become too big for our own good. We're seeing this right now as America loses its jobs to cheaper foreign labor. Therefore, the only true way to live, or to exist balanced with nature and not exploit by means of force and imperialism, is to live nomadically. <br />Lastly, I too, one day hope to abandon civilization. I encourage everyone to read this book, it changed my life (along with Walden, the philosphies of Arthur Schopenhauer and Socrates, and the music of The Doors). Actually, I've always had these feelings, but the aforementioned books/music were the proverbial &quot;nails in the coffin.&quot; As Socrates once said, &quot;the unexamined life is not worth living.&quot; And lastly, the words of Jim Morrison: <br />&quot;Look where we worship. <br />We all live in the city. <br />The city forms- often physically, but inevitably  psychically- a circle. A Game. A ring of death  with sex at its center. Drive towards outskirts  of city suburbs. At the edge of discover zones of  sophisticated vice and boredom, child prostitution.  But in the grimy ring immediately surrounding  the daylight business district exists the only  real crowd life of our mound, the only street  life, night life. Diseased specimens in dollar  hotels, low boarding houses, bars, pawn shops,  burlesques and brothels, in dying arcades which  never die, in streets and streets of all-night  cinemas.&quot;
B00004XOWM|1.0|I don't know... I guess I just feel bad for people who think this is good music. Yeah, I'm a music snob, but you have to be in this day and age. I'm afraid people who listen to this stuff will just never know how amazing music can be. <br />If this is the sound of my generation, well then yes... I hate my generation.
B00004VXF2|1.0|Don't take the three-, four-, or five-star reviews here seriously.  This album is legendary among people who are fans of bad records.  It is so bad Lou Reed himself reportedly never heard the album all the way through!  It's easy to understand why.  The entire record is a chaotic mess of squeaks, squawks, drones, and every other sound effect imaginable to drive you to the medicine chest for a Tylenol.  Even I had to stop listening to this water torture after 11 minutes (out of about 64 minutes).<br />Most of the world's bad albums, including the Shagg's album THE SHAGGS and William Shatner's THE TRANSFORMED MAN, are very listenable and are so bad they are good.  This is not the case here.  Reed apparently set out to make a terrible record, but this one is simply has no redeeming value whatsoever.  Only if you are a diehard Reed fan or want to have every bad album ever made would I suggest you buy it.
B00000J7SO|4.0|Dismissed as imitation Springsteen by several critics (presumably due to the prominence of Steve Douglas's saxophone), &quot;Street Legal&quot; caught Bob Dylan at mid-point in a creative hot streak that started with &quot;Planet Waves,&quot; and ended with &quot;Infidels.&quot;  Far from sounding &quot;fake&quot; (Rolling Stone's description of this album), there is an effortless quality to both the songs and the performances as if pure inspiration was at work.  &quot;I wish I was a magician,&quot; Dylan sings at one point, and on &quot;Street Legal&quot; he truly is.  From the countrified &quot;We Better Talk This Over&quot; to the sorrowful &quot;Where Are You Tonight?&quot; this album is as bittersweet as &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; and, at times, much more powerful.  You can really feel the blood on these tracks, and, in retrospect, it shouldn't have been a surprise to see Dylan embrace Christianity a year later.  Who but the Lord could relieve such pain?
0671027344|5.0|Even though it was the last one too. This book made me really think about life a little bit differently. It's not fake and the characters are all people we can relate to. I've read almost all of the MTV pocket books and they're great, but they don't compare to this moving comming of age book about a boy going through life and dealing with his many problems.
B00004XQP4|4.0|I don't think anyone can say this is a shame to Green Day. Its awesome. Billie Joe writing his weird lyrics that'll have you laying awake in bed, but, where is that fresh young punk band?Yes, I know change is good, and I'm really trying to get over it, but Green Day is starting to show their years. I do like this cd, no questions there, but where is the pure raw energy? There's chruch on Sunday that remains faithful to the punk-ska style everybody knows and loves, there are more upbeat riffs similar to minority, but they wear down, where has the magic that the band who made Dookie and Insomniac gone?
B000002URV|5.0|I am a sophomore from California who usually listens to quite an eclectic selection of music. I listen to everything from pop to country to alternative to rap to classical. Upon hearing Enigma's &quot;Mea Culpa&quot; in a Music History class, I purchased the album and have been incredibly impressed and pleased with all the other stimulating and emotional songs. The songs are quite beautiful and, as one reviewer put it, both sacred and sensual. The Gregorian chants and the French intertwine to create a uniquely sublime sensation. However, with pulsing beats, the album does not sedate you completely and has enough to keep you going.<br />If you are open-minded about music and are thinking of buying a New Age album, I highly recommend this one. It is perfect when reflecting late at night or slaving away at homework, etc. I'm afraid that I have not bought many New Age albums after this one; its brilliance has forced me to have the highest standards. No other New Age albums I have sampled can compare to Enigma's MCMXC A.D.
B000001Y2U|4.0|A dark, brooding mass of unholy songs, in one of Mansons finest. Full of gothic glory and insanity. I personally like 'Beautiful People' and 'Man that you fear'. Definately worth listening to.
B00000F5KH|5.0|It seems to me that foreign films in recent years have seen more than their fair share of stories in which a crusty old person bonds with some cute kid.  Of course you can trace this plot way past &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot; back to Chaplin in &quot;The Kid,&quot; so it is certainly a tried and true tale to be told.  Which makes films like &quot;Central Station&quot; all the more remarkable because you would think this mine had been played out long ago.  This Brazilian film by director Walter Salles offers the exquisite Fernanda Montenegro, who richly deserved an Oscar nomination.  Her character is Dora, a barren soul who makes her money by writing letters for illiterates in Rio de Janeiro's Central Station.  Dora reads the letters to her roommate and then throws them away.  But then she meets Josue, played by Vinicius de Oliveira, a nine-year-old boy whose mother has just died.  Circumstances are contrived by which Dora takes Josue on a bus trip to return him to his father.  This fateful journey does not consist of big confrontations but small moments, each of which begins to peck away at Dora's cold exterior.  Perhaps the greatest testament to this performance is to simply point out that the cute kid never really manages to steal a scene away from Montenegro.  More than anyone else, she elevates &quot;Central Station&quot; to its heights.
B00004STPT|5.0|&quot;Gladiator&quot; is one of the best films of 2000, but it wouldn't have got to where it's at without Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard's mesmerizing soundtrack.  From the first song to the last, it's like reliving the movie all over again.  Each track flows into the next, weaving you along a delicious path which is by turns innocent and melodic, and violent and patriotic.  &quot;The Might of Rome&quot; left me feeling transported back in time.  I could sense how mighty and great Rome's power once was. &quot;The Battle&quot; and &quot;Barbarian Horde&quot; are another marvel in majestic music -- they are both angry and violent pieces of music that rise and fall like the Roman Empire.  And then there are the last three songs (&quot;Elysium, &quot;Honor Him,&quot; and &quot;Now We Are Free&quot;), quiet, peaceful, and reflective.<br />The &quot;Gladiator&quot; soundtrack is a wonderful listening experience to be enjoyed long after the movie has faded from memory.
B0000541AM|5.0|I was 15 when this unique movie erupted on the scene I was totally hooked; though there are many social commentries dont look for them, just get on the train &amp; enjoy the ride as reviewers here have said never before and never again will a film so raw yet bright and absorbing be made. The black humour shines through ...Ajaxs' delight that they can't run anymore from the 'furies brings a chuckle every time.............I have owned this on Video for many years(incidently my copy has the opening scene before the titles missing?????????)now i'm content.If u don't enjoy this film you proberly spent your youth worrying about the food chain instead of accepting it..BUY IT
080017948X|4.0|Harold Ramis directs his pal Bill Murray in this comedy about an egotistical weather reporter named Phil who gets stuck in a time warp in Punxsutawney, PA.  Every day, it's Groundhog Day.  You might think the film is nothing more than a gimmick, but each time certain events recur, there is renewed freshness.  Interestingly, even though his character is obnoxious, Murray manages to evoke sympathy with his character's plight. As Phil learns the pros and cons of his situation, so do we, until finally we all learn a valuable lesson. One minor flaw with the movie is the uneven script.  Most of the humor is evident in the first third of the movie, when Phil insults just about everyone in sight.  By the end, he is a changed man, and the movie seems to take on a little dramatic preachiness instead of simply intelligent comedy.  Still, this film got Hollywood to notice Ramis' talents as writer AND director.
B00000JGHM|5.0|This movie is one of my personel top 5. There is so much chemistry between Deniro and Pacino that may give acidic burns to the eyes and ears. Not to mention the best robbery scene of all time.A must have to your collestion.
B00003CWLF|5.0|This movie is wonderful, listen not to the professional critics who watch with eyes and no hearts. Jodi Foster and Chow Yun-Fat are magnificent together. Pundits would have you believe otherwise, yet they seem to have forgotten that these two characters are not supposed to have instantanious chemistry, that thiers' is a relationship that first begins as dislike, before burgeoning into a romance. However, when the two develop feelings for each other, it is visible, and a pleasure to witness. The visuals are stunning, the music soaring, and the cast perfect. This is a superior product to the musical version, more poignant and historically relevant. If you find it a tad long, fear not, as the final seen will break even the stoniest hearts and make the length well worth it.
6302579449|5.0|I remember being 14 and going to see this movie on opening weekend with my sister, I was a big Goldie Hawn fan at that point and I fell for her big time after seeing her in &quot;Overboard&quot;, another underrated comedy from Goldie's cinema showcase. Even though this movie mostly got mixed reviews, I loved it instantly and ordered it constantly on PPV until I managed to get my hands on a tape of it. It is truly hilarious and the comedy team of Goldie Hawn &amp; Steve Martin is absolutely magical perfection. This movie has so many laughs in it that one would be hard pressed to pick 1 certain defining moment but it is well worth the price and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to laugh. Also recommended is Goldie's other hit from the summer of '92, &quot;Death Becomes Her&quot;.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|It's a hip, groovy CD. I like songs #s 3,4,8,9,12,13,17 They make u wanna just jump up and start dancing. It's true, too. It may be old music, but it still rocks!!!!!!!!! BUY IT! Also, on the inside cover, it shows all the Beatles' old records!
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|This album will not be any more than &quot;interesting&quot; to those who haven't seen the movie, but for those who have, it will send chills down your spine. The music brings us back to the most moving scenes in the film. &quot;107 Steps&quot; always sends chills down my spine and sometimes brings tears to my eyes. The music is all very unique and refreshing from mainstream soundtracks that are out there.
0064409422|5.0|The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is one of the best books I have ever read!  This book is very discriptive while also keeping the reader involvled in what is happening.
0790731509|5.0|I've seen this movie more times than any other. In perhaps six viewings, I'm still struck by the tight editing and perfect casting. The music and bit parts working as one. The hound dogs chasing a man they'll never catch. How all the parts work better together than the individual aspects alone. There is a lot of humor in what is in essence a chain-gang movie. The red pepper sprinkled behind the fleeing Newman to thawrt the blood hounds, the phoney picture of Newman with two beautiful women sent to the men in prison, the busty car-washing woman, Lucille; it goes on and on. Just when you think you have it figured out, it twists a bit. The writing and screenplay are first rate.<br />The movie strikes a chord with me personally as a baby boomer rallying against authority. Paul Newman shares a quality or two with our ex-president, Bill Clinton. They are both well liked and admired. The ladies think so too. They both take on difficult odds and never quit. It's that essence of taking advantage of a moment in time. George Kennedy at one point says to Paul Newman that he'd been kidding everyone and planning his escape all along. Paul replies he'd never planned anything in his life and just took advantage of a particular situation. (That sounds like Clinton.) Paul Newman's mother also won as best supporting actress and I see a resemblence to stories I've heard about Bill's mother. George Kennedy won as best supporting actor in a good-old-boy-farm-hand-convict role. Not too bright, perhaps, but willing to play the game our hero never does. Paul doesn't pretend on any level which is what gives him his heroic halo.<br />&quot;What we have here, is a failure to communicate.&quot; If I've communicated my beliefs, I trust you'll spend your money and buy this movie. I can't believe you'll watch it only once.
0790734850|5.0|The very first DVD I bought when I got my player.  Astounding film with wonderful acting and a gripping storyline.  Ellroy's novels are complex, believable, and entertaining.  This movie is no different.  A flawless direction by Curtis Hanson (a real student of the Craft, even though he's a veteran filmmaker).  The music is perfect, and every actor shines.  Should have one Best Picture, and I lost faith in the Oscars after this movie was robbed.  The Screenplay won an Oscar for best adaptation, and rightly so.  Hanson should have won Best Director.  The entire cast is so good, they basically knocked each other out of the Oscar race.  Yes, each role is deserving of an Oscar Nomination -- THEY'RE THAT GOOD!
B000001GPX|5.0|This is simply the greatest performance of Beethoven's 7th Symphony, 2nd movement, ever committed to tape.  Arguably, the 2nd movement of the 7th is the most powerful Beethoven ever wrote.  Of the 5 recordings I own and the numerous others I've heard, none is in the same league as Kleiber's interpretation.  That single track is worth the price of the whole disc and more.  Just think of the 5th symphony and the other 3 movements of the 7th as bonus material -- very, very good bonus material.
B00004ZB9D|4.0|This CD is a great compilation of some of Lenny's best music.  He jump-starts the listening experience by starting out with \\"Are You Gonna Go My Way\\" which really rocks.  Then he glides into \\"Fly Away\\" which combines creative word images with a catchy beat, and a funky bass line over the driving guitar chords.  \\"Rock and Roll is Dead\\" is a fusion of funk, rock and blues with some cool guitar riffs worked in.  Then he goes mellow for the next three tracks with \\"Again\\", \\"It Ain't Over 'til it's Over\\" and \\"Can't Get You Off my Mind.\\"  \\"Mr. Cab Driver\\" in my opinion is one of the few duds on the CD- poor musical quality and the lyrics are broken and monotonous- so a cab won't pick him up what's the big deal?  \\"American Woman\\" has raw grit with it's pounding beat and distorted guitar chords- I didn't like this one at first but it grew on me; he also uses distortion in the vocal track near the end for an added edge.  \\"Stand By My Woman\\" is another mellow but soulful ballad.  \\"Always On the Run\\" is a tune with a hard drum beat and a driving guitar line.  It also features some guitar work by Slash- the guitarist from Guns and Roses.  Only drawback seems to be the weak lyrics- by the end you won't give a crap what his mama says...The next two are more garden variety Kravitz ballads.  \\"Believe\\" and \\"Let Love Rule\\" are awesome.  I especially liked the creative use of instrumentation and key changes on \\"Believe\\" along with the really thoughtful lyrics.  \\"Let Love Rule\\" speaks for itself, and he closes out the CD with \\"Black Velveteen\\" which has a cool beat and some nice harmony but that's about it.  Check out this CD.  I was not a huge Kravitz fan, but I was pleasantly surprised.
0790729628|4.0|Harrison Ford is &quot;Decker&quot;; a professional &quot;retirer&quot; of rogue androids or &quot;Replicants.&quot;  Highly advanced replicants return to Earth to discover the key to immortality.  A built-in expiration date in them sets them on a mission to find their creator; Tyrell.  Decker is forced to rejoin the &quot;Blade Runner&quot; group of police charged with the retirement of renegade replicants.  He encounters the latest &quot;Nexus&quot; replicant Rachel (Sean Young) who is infused with actual human memories.  She is unaware that she is a replicant.  The plot is to retire the rogue replicants and save Rachel.  All of the action takes place in Los Angeles which has been dramatically changed by global warming and exotic ethnic/cultural blending.<br />The director's cut is not, in my opinion, as good as the origional version.  The director's cut eliminates the narration of the star character, Decker, which is wonderfully matter-of-factly done by Ford.  The sound and visuals are very good, although the scenes are predominantly very dark.<br />View and enjoy.
6303014100|5.0|I just purchased the movie Gettysburg in DVD from Amazon and am extremely happy with the content. I am amazed at all the information that can be put into this DVD. As another reviewer has already stated, I was disappointed that it was not the extended version, as that version contains many scenes that explain the movie better. For instance, when Lee is discussing the rocky hill that Gen. Ewell failed to take, in the short version you're left not quite knowing which hill, but the long version explains that it is Cemetary Ridge. The extended version is incredible and I would like to see that offered. But that notwithstanding, this movie is absolutely magnificent. I would recommend it to anyone.
B000054OTY|3.0|Of all the various versions of this movie that are available on DVD this is by far the best. It is not perfect: The color is a little off, the focus is a bit soft, but it is actually acceptable (better than a VHS). Platinum, the label that puts this version out, had the good taste to letter-box this edition... If you love this movie like I do, you won't be too dissapointed with this disc. I have bought two of the other version around and had to return them, they were so bad. Until Paramount puts out the \\"official\\" version, this one is a keeper (and I don't think Paramount ever will, since there are alreadly too many verions around for it to be a profitable undertaking for a major studio). To be redundant: This version is better than a VHS, and better than the broadcasts I've seen on cable. PLEASE NOTE:  Amazon.com is including all of the reviews without differntiating between the various DVD versions of this film.  I am refering to the FRONT ROW release and not the others (which are absolutely awful).
B000002G7G|5.0|This album isn't as shocking as the Velvet's debut , and also lacks the abrasive sonic guitar assaults of their second album , but in it's own way it's as good as either . There is a laid back folksy feel to the songs that compliment Lou Reed's at peace with himself lyrics , that said , this is still classic Velvet Underground . The album contains two Velvet Underground gems ( Candy says , and , Pale blue eyes ) , as well as two great rockers ( What goes on , and , Beginning to see the light ) , but it is with the second from last track ( The murder mystery ) , which must surely be one of the most bizarre tracks to have been recorded in the sixties , that the band take on a surreal turn . <br />All the songs on this album reward the listener with repeated playing , and for all the lightness of touch , and acoustic instrumentation given to these songs , the band still sound as dark and as menacing as ever , but then again the Velvet's could have sung The Archies - &quot; Sugar Sugar&quot; , and still sounded menacing . This is a great offbeat album from an innovative , and influential band !
B000006OBQ|4.0|&quot;Sinatra at the Sands&quot; (originally released in mid 1966) was actually the first commercial issue of a live Sinatra performance.<br />The &quot;Sands&quot; album was recorded over a 10 day series of performances at the Sand's famous Copa Room and features Sinatra in his primed backed by the Basie band with most arrangements written by Quincy Jones.<br />However, not all of Sinatra's material and arrangements are successfully &quot;Basie-ized&quot;<br />&quot;It Was A Very Good Year&quot; and &quot;September of My Years,&quot; for example, still need the lush string arrangements of the original recordings; Billy May's chart on &quot;Luck Be A Lady&quot; with the tempo rushed seems awkward as performed here (&quot;Luck&quot;, by the way, was not released on the original LP), and even Frank and Basie can't save &quot;Get Me To The Church On Time&quot;.<br />But enough carping.<br />&quot;Sinatra At The Sands&quot; is Frank in the mid 60's, backed by the great Basie band, performing in Vegas before it was turned into a family-themed amusement park.<br />What more need be said?
0767805712|5.0|A very intelligent and compelling movie.  You see the futilty of prejudice, best illustrated by comparing Hawke's &quot;invalid&quot; character to his brother.  The brother, a &quot;Valid&quot;, can never measure up to his genetically flawed sibling.  Hawke's character is superior physically and mentally, even though the genetic caste system refuses to recognize this reality.<br />Hawke enters the world of the Valids by using Jude Law's identity and becoming a &quot;borrowed ladder&quot;.  The irony is, of course, that aside from allowing entry to Gattaca the identity of Law provides no help to Hawke.  Rather, once inside Gattaca, Hawke achieves everything on his own while working hard to conceal his identity. Hawke is among the brightest employees at Gattaca, even though they are all genetically gifted valids.   A further demonstration that the discrimination against invalids is purely arbitrary.<br />Note this: G,A,T, and C are the  letters to denote the four different acids on the DNA double helix.  Clever title for a movie about genetics.
B00005214X|5.0|In the excellent liner notes, George indicated that the Wall of Sound production was a bit over the top. I'll say! It nearly ruined some of the best songs like &quot;Wah Wah,&quot; &quot;All Things Must Pass,&quot; &quot;Awaiting On You All,&quot; and &quot;Let It Roll.&quot; I wish that he would have re-mixed those tracks. A much better version of &quot;Wah-Wah&quot; can be found on the &quot;Concert For Bangla Desh&quot; CD.<br />Still, these are truly wonderful songs. The remastering has helped the overall sound quality, particularly with George's vocals, which are now much more upfront and clear. You can hear the drums a bit better through the mix as well.<br />What we need now are some NEW HARRISON SONGS! C'mon, George, do it now before you're too old to play a guitar! Get Ringo, Clapton, Jeff Lynne, and Ray Cooper in a studio and MAKE IT HAPPEN!
6305508550|4.0|If you have ever worked in a cubicle farm for a technology company, or ROFL after reading Dilbert cartoons, and know what ROFL means, you will love this movie.  Mike Judge (creator of Beavis and Butthead) digs into and makes fun of the things that people hate most about their jobs, with such accuracy that he must have consulted Scott Adams himself while developing the screenplay.<br />With company names like &quot;Penetrode&quot;, this movie takes numerous humorous stabs at the idiocy foisted upon the modern working class by the &quot;management class&quot;, those highly-compensated stuffed-shirts with no more qualifications than an MBA hanging on their wall.  These are the people who abuse you every time you make a mistake, and try to convince you that they are really your buddy in a thinly veiled attempt to keep you submissive and cooperative.  Office Space tears into the very heart of the manipulative phony friendship ploy that so many managers think of as their &quot;brilliant&quot; management technique.<br />So if you're tired of being shocked every time you touch a door knob, and sick of having half a dozen different &quot;bosses&quot; giving you conflicting work assignments, then I highly recommend that you buy this movie and blow off some steam, before it's too late!<br />This film is a lot of fun to watch, but if you're looking for an intellectually challenging work of art, this is not the film for you.  The story is quite simple; it is a single-layer story that conveys the same information on subsequent viewing as it conveyed during the first viewing.  The visual and audio elements are interesting and entertaining, but not artistic.  This is a fun comedy that a lot of people can identify with, not deep social commentary.  However, the social commentary that IS in the film couldn't be more timely.<br />The DVD itself is mediocre.  No extras to speak of, other than cast bios and one trailer.  Transitions from one menu to another are slightly animated, and the way the DVD starts up is cute, but overall the power of the DVD medium is not utilized.<br />Movie<BR> -------<BR> Originality: B+<BR> Creativity: B+<BR> Complexity/Depth: C+<BR> Relevance/Message: A+<BR> Artistic Merit: C<BR> Overall Entertainment Value: A<BR><br />DVD<BR> ------<BR> Transfer Quality: A<BR> Extras: C-<BR> Use of Medium: C+<BR>
B00004X01U|5.0|It is quite clear that Madonna has done it again.  I have never been one to run out and buy Madonna's music.  Yes, she has had amazing success, but she just wasn't my type of music...that was until now.<br />After hearing the title track, &quot;Music&quot; on the radio, I went to the store to find out who the artist was...certainly it sounded like Madonna.  Sure enough it was.  I was stumped, buy the CD or not.  I debated and left the store.  <br />A week went by and I kept hearing the song.  That was it, I had to buy the CD, if only for that one song.  My theory has always been, I might like the other tracks, so just buy their CD, rather than the single.  I am glad I did.  For the first couple of days, the only CD I listened to was Madonna's &quot;Music.&quot;  Unlike other CDs I have bought by other artists, each track on &quot;Music&quot; is unique and can often surprise you with computer generated voice alterations and other way cool additions.<br />Her work is impressive.  Everything from techno dance tracks like &quot;Music&quot; and &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; to the calm and soothing tunes of &quot;I Deserve It.&quot;  Although the one I keep coming back to is, &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot; discussing why girls can dress like boys with jeans and short hair, but boys can't dress like girls...it is degrading.  <br />Madonna's voice, lyrics and insight for this latest accomplishment is fantastic!  She is absolutely right, music does unite everyone together.
B0000560XI|1.0|Before you purchase this &quot;DVD&quot;, you should understand that what you will receive is not the movie, but simply a CD of the music from the film &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot;. While I love the music, what I wanted was the film--- and I was disappointed to discover that this version is nothing but  an expensive CD that can be played on a DVD player. If you want the music, buy a CD. I'm returning this for a refund.
B00004Z4WR|2.0|For the life of me I can't figure out why either of the two stars in this movie are stars, and being stars, I can't figure out why either would want to be associated with this piece of retread.  Oh wait a minute.  That's right.  Money.  If you like cars, chases, guns, explosions, you know, huevos things, and don't mind a stupid story, by all means waste your money.  I considered ejecting this mess in a little over sixty seconds, but jeez, it was like watching multiple car wrecks, if you know what I mean.
B00004NRUM|5.0|Brave is without a doubt my CD for a desert island. I feel it may possible be the best 71 minutes (and ten seconds)of music ever recorded!! I have over 650 cd's and this is the only one that I listen to from start to finish......along with Misplaced Childhood. BUY IT!
B00003CX8J|4.0|If you like the comic, you'll love the movie, if you love the movie, you might want to read the comic, if a tree falls in the forest with no one around, does it make a sound . . . wait a minute, it's not Zen-men, it's X-Men.  Ok.  Perfect comic book cast.  Perfect comic book story.  Perfect comic book ending complete with moral.  Not in the least based in any way in reality, but who cares.  I started watching X-Men on my computer on an airplane and chose to continue watching even though Nurse Betty (which I had yet to see) was being offered free to passengers.  Not bad for a comic book.
B00004XONN|5.0|Lately in the 'new' musical scene almost everyone seems to want to get into the electronic area, and incorporate some funky (and usually unneeded)samples into their music. Radiohead are no exception to this, but unlike so many other bands that seem uncomportable with such a blend, Kid A pulls it off rather well. It's sort of like the electronia/trance primer for radio junkies, blending elements of Squarepusher's eclectic sound with the sheer strange abrasiveness of things like Aphex Twin. My first reaction upon hearing Kid A, was to check the liner for the name, Richard D. James. Many people are talking about what a departure for Radiohead this album is but it seems more like a growth out of O.K computer to me, the artwork reflects the evolution, and songs like 'motion picture soundtrack' sound like a sort of continuation to songs like 'ending music for a film'. A really standout track on this album is 'in limbo' it reflects all the changes and seems to blend an electronic athestic with the traditional radiohead ballad format.  For anyone who wants to really taste what real electronica is like, Kid A makes an excellent stepping stone over the abyss.
B00003CXE7|4.0|There are two ways to be able to enjoy this move.  The first, be completely ignorant of the history of the Roman Empire and enjoy it for the great heroic epic it is.  The second (and way I chose) is to just ignore the errors, suspend disbelief, and enjoy it for the heroic epic it is.  Either way, as action, Gladiator can't be beat.  I even almost forgave that dog Crowe for messing around with a married woman (believe me Dennis, you're better off without her).  Crowe is close to perfect in the title role (if a bit flabby - Arnold would have been too big).  Richard Harris makes even over acting look good.  And Oliver Reed is a joy to watch.  Joaquin Phoenix . . . well, let's just say he was supposed to be unlikeable, not laughable.  Still, I wouldn't be surprised if Gladiator ends up with a little bald gold man for both best picture and best director.
0684857219|5.0|The Pinnacle of all Bodybuilding Books! Don't bother buying any other books, everything you need is right here in this book. Trust me, I've ordered quite a few bodybuilding books, and this was the best.
B000002JKA|5.0|This is a great album i cant find enough info on dream theater and this is the only album i have but ive listened to it 3 times in 1 day before and i never get tired of it.
B0000009SM|5.0|Ever since i was about three years old, i have loved this CD. My father was a big zappa fan and so am i. One Size Fits All is my favorite album, and quite possible the best example to set forth to people who are wanting to try somthing a little unusual. &quot;Inca Roads&quot; is a great example of jazz-rock twith some great marimba and xylophone playing with Zappa on guitar. the great use of satire in Po-Jama People and Florintine Pogen make this album even better.<br />BUY THIS CD IS YOU WOULD LIKE TO GET HOOKED ON MUSIC THAT IS INTERESTING, INTELLEGENT, AND DIVERSE
B00004YKUX|3.0|Not for lack of ambition, but this album falls flat to me. American Recordings is a fantastic record, but this one doesn't live up to it.  On this album Johnny's voice always sounds very tired and he keeps to a very narrow range.  The song choice is good, but I would have loved to have heard them done by him ten years ago.  I would love to sing the praises of this album, but I can't.  Only 'Country Trash' and 'Would You Lay With Me' really work for me.  If you don't already have it, buy American Recordings first, then some of his classics, then come back for this one.
B0000509C4|3.0|The tag line for the original was THE MOST FUN YOU'LL HAVE BEING SCARED.  In this second installment the tagline should have been NOT AS MUCH FUN AND NOT AS SCARY.  The Wooden Indian story had me feeling really down, those poor store owners!!  But it was fun to see the Wooden Indian come to life and gets some revenge (2 out of 5).  The Raft story was spooky.  The tar pit was a good idea, I felt they really could have made this one work more (4 out of 5).  The &quot;Potential&quot; Hitch-hiker story isn't really much of anything.  So A woman hits a guy and won't die.  Not much thought there (2 out of 4). An average of about 3 but the quality of the DVD will make me want to buy it.  Doesn't look like there will be a lot of extras though.
B00003CXBK|5.0|It's difficult to most people when watching a movie to make an effort and to try to see the background of it. First, Hayao Miyazaki is a Japanese director, with japanese background. Some things that are strange for us, like worshipping a &quot;pig&quot; (Sorry, don't remember the animal's name in English... But them all the human kind once in past we worshipped strange things) are part of mithology and stories of Japan. So before you watch a foreign movie, please try to keep in mind that sometimes you feel sick because you can not understand at the time what all that things mean. And this don't mean you're an idiot.
B000051VWW|5.0|One of those CD's that you'll play over and over and over again.  Unobtrusive as background for a dinner party, or the centerpiece for a romantic evening...  Her music flows seamlessly.<br />Wonderful!
B00004TDRD|4.0|JAWS is a terrifying movie (At the beginning), but begins to wind down at about the second scene. This movie is full of suspence and action. Steven Sbielberg is a director who will bring terror with action and adventure anytime, like JAWS. I loved this film and so will you!<br />This is a great film to watch at sleepovers! I really recommend it! BUY THIS FILM ON 'DVD' OR 'VHS'!
B00004Z459|5.0|With all the Korn's and Limp Bizkits, this band might be ignored, but this isn't a Jonathon Davis who screams &quot;I HATE LIFE!!!&quot; every 5 seconds, these guys actually can sing, and the DJ Joe Hahn is very good.<br />Papercut: One of the best 3 songs on here (rating 10.0)<br />One Step Closer: first single of this CD (9.0)<br />With You: Very Korn-like guitar, but lyrics actually make sense (9.0)<br />A Place For My Head: Great Combo of Rap-Rock (9.5)<br />Forgotten: With out a doubt the best song on the CD (10.0)<br />By Myself: this has Chester screaming just to be heard over the music (8.5)<br />Pushing Me Away: Very emotional and great music (9.5)<br />In the end: Probably the most emotional song on the entire CD (9.5)<br />Crawling: probably the softest song (7.0)<br />Runaway: great lyrics and vocals (9.5)<br />Points of Authority: Not the greatest song, but good guitar riffs (6.5)
B00004ZAV3|3.0|This album contains some of the best Beatles songs and, as it states, all of their #1 hits. However, the buyer should not confuse \\"#1s\\" with \\"the best of\\" the Beatles. For example, the Beatles never released a single from the Sgt. Pepper album which contained some of the Beatles' classics (A Day in the Life, With a little Help From My Friends, Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds, etc.). Other songs that didn't hit #1 when they were first released, may have been over everyone's head at the time (Strawberry Fields Forever). So if you want a CD of their \\"best\\" songs, you might consider the Red and Blue albums. Then again, there are so many great Beatles songs that you'll be missing out on a lot if you don't have all the studio albums!
B00003CXE7|3.0|(Note: This is a review of the VHS version, not DVD.  If anyone has a DVD player, they can give it to me if they want.)<br />First of all, this movie is pretty gory.  Most of it happens so quick that you won't have time to look away, though, so it's not that hard to take.  But make sure you tell the kiddies to go play with their barbies or something.  This will scare the wee ones out of their wits.  They'll cry to you hours into the night, you won't get ANY sleep. and your day will be lousier.<br />The best part of the movie is how it truly captures the terror of being a gladiator.  That must've been a horrible job.  But those are also the most gory parts, so be warned.<br />I though the movie overall was a good experience.  I was satisfied when it ended, but I wasn't all that emotionally touched.  Just satisfied, basically.  Also, the movie is sort of long, which I felt it was just so it could say it was &quot;an epic.&quot; I feel it could've been shortened down a tad bit (maybe take out the subplot about the incestous relationship between Caesar and his sis).
6300216748|5.0|This movie had me on the edge of my seat when I saw it when it first came out. You couldn't ask for more in a cast--it stars John Houseman, Cliff Robertson, Robert Redford, Faye Dunaway, and Max von Sydow. This is still one of the best movies in its category and beats a lot of the others in the genre hands down, including most of Tom Clancy's.<br />I saw the movie several years later and it still held up very well. If you like spy thrillers and haven't seen this one yet it's definitely worth renting for a lazy Saturday night.
1558807381|5.0|I have both versions of the movie,-One with Tangerine dream soundtrack, and the other version which seems to have a lot of parts missing compared to the TD version.(I don't know which is the US). I personally prefered the one with TD. The film as a whole is very underestimated. It is a tale with love, enchantment, courage and a very young Tom Cruise! This isn't for the non-fantasy lovers. Children will love the fairy-tale aspect of it, while older people will admire the amazing sets and beautiful sceneary.
B00003CX8J|1.0|X-Men should have been a great movie but this movie SUCKED. It's slow, badly acted, even Patrick Stewart couldn't save this dog! And the climatic fight scene at the end has about the cheesiest special effects this side of The Toxic Avenger...Unless the studio is giving this movie away...Pass on this one. I should be charging the studio for wasting my time...
0679879269|5.0|&quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; is a stunning, amazing, astounding book.  It is my all time favorite and I doubt that I will ever read one as satisfying as &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot;.  I can barely find words to describe how awesome this book is.  It captured me completely. I was living in the book.  I laughed and cried with Lyra and Will.  Phillip Pullman has a very special and unique gift.  He weaves the story together in the most intriguing fashion to create a stunning, satisfying, ending.  Reading this book is like riding a roller coaster, only more exciting.  I finished this book in four days.  I read it non-stop all day.  I would get up at 6:00 to read until I had to go to school.  I would get home and read until way past my bedtime.  I could not concentrate on anything else but what was going on in my book.   Once I finished, I regretted it, because it was over.  I hope that Pullman writes another book for &quot;His Dark Materials&quot;.  I wish that the story could go on forever.  I recommend this book for people who like intense, exciting and emotional stories.  In fact, I recommend this book for anybody who likes to read.  You fall in love with the characters, and live in the plot.  There are many shocks, surprises, and disturbing moments.  This book, in my opinion, is the best book ever written.  The author's talent should be recognized and appreciated by all.  The book is truely,&quot;Too good for words&quot;!
B000056VIY|5.0|I bought this album 12 hrs. after it was released and I have no regrets. This album has a little bit of everything R&amp;B, Hip Hop, Pop, Salsa,Balleds ect. This Album will satisfy everyone no matter what your taste is! Jennifer Lopez has been very smart to release &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot; and to still have a number of exellent singles like &quot;Play&quot; (which will be her next single) and &quot;Walking on Sunshine&quot; which WILL be a club hit and will have people danceing like crazy! &quot;Dame&quot; (a duet with Chayane) is going to be a spanish hit! What makes me even happyier with this album is that Jennifer Lopez wrote 7 of the 15 songs. J.Lo made its debut on the Billoard Magazine as the number one album. What are waiting for GET THIS ALBUM!
6304539282|5.0|Only a few words, is the best of modern scifi cinema.
6300184080|4.0|this movie could well have been rated as an other simple true story, but cher brings this movie sweeping with emotion of love and hate to the eighties, the finale caused me to cry, it was as realistic as if you were there, watch this
B000056H7W|5.0|Mikael Ackerfeldt and co. have made a quick return and they just keep getting better.  If you like their last offering, you won't be disappointed by this one.  It expands where Still Life left off, soaring into higher levels of song writing and virtuous musicianship.  <br />In the past I didn't like Martin Lopez as the drummer of this band compared to Anders Nordin (their old drummer). Anders was a lot more progressive and jazzy, which really worked well... but finally Mr. Lopez has expanded his level of play and has gained my respect (I guess the jazz lessons are really starting to pay off).  His drumming is not just brute force and lightning speed anymore... a style that often overpowered the music.  Take my word for it, he's just excellent on this one.  <br />The clean vocal passages are even better as well (hard to believe, huh?).  Mikael's voice is just so pristine... Steve Wilson (Porcupine Tree... another excellent band) joins in singing on some tracks, and does a nice job.  But he is really out of his league when Michael steps in... sorry Steve.<br />Just a great release... but like the other great Opeth releases (all of them) I doubt this will be lead to international fame and commercial success... It's not really fair that true artists like this continue to go relatively unnoticed while the other untalented pop-pretend metal and rock bands are the ones getting all the headlines and making all the money.  Well I'm sure you will agree that the average listener is an idiot, which could explain this trend.<br />This is the best dark, folk, jazz, classic-rock, and death metal music being created today... oh yeah that's right they are the only ones doing it... Turn off the lights and enjoy this one for years to come!!!  This is special.
B0000524E5|4.0|Coyote Ugly sucks you in right away with the beautiful and talented Piper Perabo as Violet.  As she starts her journey in the big city, devoted to fulfilling her dream, one can't help but feel for her.  This movie's unique look into the bar life of New York City keeps one entertained and curious throughout.  However, all the wild dancing and fast paced action in the bar starts to get old as the movie progresses.  Violet's romance will also leave you scratching your head.  It is easy to start believing that all the movie's hype is from the gorgeous bartenders and their dancing.  Just as one begins to question the movie, it rears back for the stretch run.  The last half-hour was great!  The mid-movie doubts are quickly erased as it concludes.  The use of John Goodman, Violet's father, was a nice touch.  A powerful ending leaves you feeling great about this movie.<br />The storyline was good and the acting was excellent.  The movie was done with a lot class as it could have easily been turned into an R-rated film.  There is a great story behind this beautiful woman that all types of people will enjoy.  In all I highly recommend that you see it.  You'll be glad you did!
B00004SU5J|5.0|Try to be with someone when you first pop Tourist in the CD player because not only will you immediately start rockin' to Rose Rouge and want a dance partner, you'll be anxious to express your excitement over how this work masterfully fuses an assortment of musical flavors. If you appreciate a range that includes jazz, blues, latin, african rhythms, techno and house music, this CD should be at home with you. And even if your home consists of multiple age groups, something rare and phenomenal will likely occur while this CD is on. Since Tourist provides the perfect blend of old and new school, it crosses the generation line and causes everyone to feel the groove.  St Germain offers a true musical experience with this project.
6305546789|5.0|I first saw this movie in 1981 and this was the first horror movie I saw.  I was scared out of my wits.  Since then I have seen some excellent horror movies like Event Horizon, but Halloween is the most special.  Sure it has some amateur acting and a few loopholes that could have been avoided, but with the money and resources at Carpenter's disposals in 1978, he created a masterpiece.  This movie has been imitated enourously over the years but never equaled.  Some people actually argue that the Scream movies are superior because of their pace, their huge quantity of murders and their rock music like editing.  Granted,  this movie takes more time getting started, but once it gets going it's unrelenting.  There are huge Hitchcockian influences here and that, unfortunatly, is a thing of the past.  Michael Myers is the ultimate movie monster; emotionless, calm and has no silly lines in the end.
6304011431|1.0|WHO ever even came up with idea it's just a stupid movie about a guy that gets hit by ligtning and I can't give you the details because im getting disgusted just writing about it!
0553573403|4.0|In a world where seasons last decades, trouble is brewing for the noble Stark household. From the looks of it, a supernatural invasion is massing on the Northern border, someone cripples the Starks' young son, and there is unrest in the corrupt government (is the evil queen plotting to usurp the throne?). Suddenly, they are all swept up in a flurry of events that will determine the fate of the Seven Kingdoms for years to come.<br />Enter George R. R. Martin's medieval saga of generally unlikable people as they suffer the actions of even more awful, unsympathetic characters. Because, in effect, Matin's effort to darken everything led precisely to this: in this entire pseudo-historical epic there are virtually no characters I could identify with. I had another qualm with &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;: the characters seem to have next to no agenda: even in omniscient third-person mode, they don't seem to have any specific goals. Not only is this not a quest in the sense of the word - there is barely any foreshadowing. Because of this, there is no plot to speak of. Only the characters' reactions to the various happenings.<br />The only thing the reader will get out of this thick, eight-hundred-page book is pathos and heartache. Martin's world is so unbelievably filthy and gritty, the characters don't seem to stand a chance. A pinprick would give them terminal gangrene. The pages are peppered with scenes along the lines of: &quot;Across the road, a girl no older than Dany was sobbing in a high thin voice as a rider shoved her over a pile of corpses facedown, and thrust himself inside her.&quot; The most disturbing part is that no one seems to care. Martin's fantasy world is staggeringly dull: the focus is on the seven perfectly medieval kingdoms, filled with endless farms and hinterland. Outside that, there is a generic Mongol culture, a generic Chinese culture, and so on.<br />The novel is told from the viewpoints of several different characters, for the different perspectives as much as for the fact that the action happens across the globe. Unfortunately, the author has a penchant for cliffhanger endings of each chapter: &quot;The direwolf trotted to him. &quot;Gods be good,&quot; Dywen muttered. &quot;That's a hand.&quot;<br />Why four stars? The writing is incredibly powerful. The disturbing parts are truuly disturbing. I would've liked less mention of intercourse and prostitution - if you set out to count them, you'll quickly run out of fingers and toes, but what can you do? And, frankly, character involvement or no, the unfolding series of events is riveting to say the least. &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; is not to be missed, if only for its sheer novelty. Just try to keep your mind open and your expectations low.ectives as much as for the fact that the action happens across the globe. Unfortunately, the author has a penchant for cliffhanger endings of each chapter: &quot;The direwolf trotted to him. &quot;Gods be good,&quot; Dywen muttered. &quot;That's a hand.&quot;<br />Why four stars? The writing is incredibly powerful. The disturbing parts are truuly disturbing. I would've liked less mention of intercourse and prostitution - if you set out to count them, you'll quickly run out of fingers and toes, but what can you do? And, frankly, character involvement or no, the unfolding series of events is riveting to say the least. &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; is not to be missed, if only for its sheer novelty. Just try to keep your mind open and your expectations low.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt grows in us a dark, shadowy, and haunting picture from the very start of the book. Recounting his life in Lemerick, Ireland, McCourt certainly knows how to get through to the mind.       The entire book is sadness, and the only thing that's really possible to say is that his writing is absolutely incredible.       I was deeply touched by the book and recommend it to anyone. You won't be dissappointed. But be warned- the book is very depressing!
B000050XEI|5.0|This CD is truely one of the finest CDs of all. All songs in this album are wonderful, gentle, and very relaxing. If you are in a good mood, it will make it better. If you are in a bad mood, it can soothe it.Time flies when listening to it, very nice from the first till the last song. Very much reccomend.
6305470464|4.0|Playing by Heart is both honest and simple. It is simply to the heart. From the beginning, when Angelina Jolie(&quot;Gone in Sixty Seconds&quot;)declares &quot;Talking about love is like dancing about architecture,&quot; the movie is interesting.      The story is told from the view of two married couples, two new and developing relationships, one marriage and affair, and a mother and son.       Sean Connery(&quot;The Rock&quot;)and Gena Rowlands(&quot;The Mighty&quot;)play Hannah and Paul, a couple who have been married for forty years, but are struck with recent marriage problems. Thier performances are top-notch and you can really feel it through the grating lookes and sharp movements, but also the tenderness that they bring to thier parts.       Gillian Anderson(&quot;The X-Files&quot;) is Meredith, a serious theater director who is not on the prowl for a new relationship. But, she can't help falling in love with Trent(Jon Stewart, &quot;The Daily Show&quot;, &quot;The Faculty&quot;), a funny and persistant architect. Gillian Anderson and Jon Stewart bring a great attractivness to thier parts. Their chemistry is obvious and thier performances highly believable.       Angelina Jolie(&quot;Playing God&quot;) and Ryan Phillipe(&quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;) are Joan and Keenan, two young people in search of love in LA clubs. Thier relationship is rawly honest and is a great example of how opposites attract best. Keenan is quiet and prefers to dance alone, while Joan walks with her heart on her sleeve and beloves a cat with one eye. Jolie and Phillipe turn in great performances, and truly add something to the movie.       Anthony Edwards(&quot;E.R&quot;)plays a priest who is having an affair with Gracie(Ellen Burstyn), who is married to Russle Crowe. Crowe is constantly on the LA bar scene, debuting a new tragedy each night. Of the three, I would have to say Crowe's performance was best, his daily scenarios new, fresh and believable each time we see him. Though, Burstyn's performance is also fresh and origional.       Madeline Stowe and Jay Mohr also play a mother an son facing AIDS. The story is touching and blunty real. The performances are air tight and, like the rest, perfect.      Playing by Heart remains on my favorite movie list, and I'm sure it will for quite some time. Hat's off to the cast and crew for a great movie and all around treat. I would recommend seeing it, as you will not be dissappointed!
B00003XB8K|5.0|If you are looking for a rythmic music which can make you active, go for it. You will be lively driving as you are listening to it too. As  ' Enigma ' 's style, the music is mysterious, haunting and beautiful. When I first listened to this album in the store, I was stunned by 'The gate' and 'Push the limits', then after I listened to the third song, 'Gravity of love', I decided to get it at once. The rest of the songs are very cool too. If you don't expect to hear words or want the songs with the lyrics, you'll like it as I do.. very very much..!
B00000ILE6|5.0|&quot;Aliens&quot; is indeed one of those rare sequals that surpasses the original. The same goes for &quot;Terminator 2: Judgment Day&quot;. This movie is so intense, exciting, unsettling, and exhausting. The last half of the movie pumps up your heart and leaves your stomach in knots. Yet this is an action-thriller with a lot of depth and heart to it. What really grabed me most in this film was the relationship between Ripley [Sigourney Weaver] and the little girl Newt [Carrie Henn, who gives an excellent performance for a young kid]. These are characters we come to know and care about, something that is rare in action or sci-fi flicks. Supporting characters are also fantasic, my favorite being Hudson, played by Bill Paxton with sarcasm, guts, and energy. The extra 17 minutes of footage in this &quot;Special Edition&quot; help develop the plot and characters more. We see Newt's parents who search for the aliens in the colony, and we see her brother. We also learn that Ripley had a daughter once, who died a long time ago. These added scenes help the movie rather than hurt it. I recommend you get this &quot;Special Edition&quot; of this great action/sci-fi film while you can.
B000002J20|3.0|I've never seen such a bunch of wildly vacillating, more swinging 'left wing, right wing' extremes of reviews in all my life. FEW PEOPLE are bigger Yes fans than me, but at least I try to be objective and not try to educate 'the ignorant masses about MY beloved Yes'. 'Close To The Edge' or 'Going For The One' perhaps deserve 5 stars, not this ambitious, merely good album. Dr Paul Fitzgerald and Matthew Pavletich know how to review right. Read their stuff on this site to see what I mean.
B0000065O1|3.0|I was pleased with this video.  Not boring or too easy.  I really felt the leg workout on my outer thighs, but I do wish there would have been leg workouts for the calves, inner thighs and hamstrings.  The ab workout was good, and not all at once.  A first set of abs, then chest, then a second set of abs, then arms and a last set of abs.  Nice to have it spread out.  The music and locations are good.  This video is two steps up from her first awful one.  This one is safe and fun.  You will certainly sweat and need water close by.
0767802659|2.0|When I watched this movie for the first time I didn't really understand it. It took me several days to get the main idea. It's not actually a movie about dark future or of how bad nazi ideas are. It's about American 'silent majority' - people who spend hours watching Beverly Hills, who like stupid action movies, never read a book in years. This movie is a very sarcastic parody on all blockbusters. An ordinary person finds all he needs here: action, sledgehammer moralizing, soap opera love, contempt for aliens. It's just pushed to the limit where you realize - *mentally* we are ready to become members of a nazi state. Everything you see blossoming in the movie is being born today. First, 'black and white' thinking: we are good, they are bad even if you don't know a thing about them. We must be confident and strong.<br />Second, political correctness - I always believed that political correctness will be logically complete when we don't have separate bathrooms for men and women, wash together in a shower and regard sex as a fun thing between 'buddies'. Third, total lack of spirituality and human emotions - we don't need it. All our life is based on things like career, fun, sports. Love is something of the third priority - given a choice to have a career or to stay with a person you love, we always choose the first option. Blood, death, pain - there's nothing wrong to show it but disgusting scenes are censored. This is a movie that made me look at myself differently and made me think who am I. Did I degrade enough to become a good citizen of the future world state?
B000002BQK|5.0|I have many of Mariah Carey's albums and this is the best. The reason being it is better integrally, as a whole. There are very few tracks I don't like on this album. It is better than 'Daydream' beacuse there are less fillers and more uptempo songs, and it is better than 'Rainbow' because Mariah's trying to be another Britany Spears in that album. Here's the album..<br />1. HONEY. Not as good as 'Fantasy' (My fave MC song), but it comes v. close. This Streetwise, Rnb song has a great beat and groove, great to dance too, great lyrics.<br />2. BUTTERFLY. A heart-warming ballad. The verse is sung badly, but the chorus makes up for it.<br />3. MY ALL. This has a Latin feel, it's quite different from any other sort of MC ballad. But it is very good and dreamy.<br />4. THE ROOF. Although this is a sexy, sassy slow song it lacks any deptth because of the way it is sung. It is also too long.<br />5. 4th OF JULY. Worst song on the album. It is a rip off from 'Underneath the stars' and it doesn't do anything for me.<br />6. BREAKDOWN. An excellant song, espically the rap from Bone thugs which harmonises melodically with Mariah's singing. It is beautiful.<br />7. BABYDOLL. Slinky, sexy and sweet this is another good RnB effort, which gets better towards the end.<br />8. CLOSE MY EYES. Very realxing and beautiful ballad. Mariah doesn't, and doesn't need to use her powerful voice in this song to make it brilliant.<br />9. WHENEVER YOU CALL. A song I don't tend to listen to much, this ballad is overshadowed by the other good material surrounding it.<br />10. FLY AWAY. The butterfly dance reprise, similar to the interlude in 'Daydream'.<br />11. THE BEAUTIFUL ONES. One of the best songs on the album, even though it is a cover. It's also very long which is a bit annoying but otherwise it is amazing. I can listen to it over and over again. Fantastic.<br />12. OUTSIDE. A ballad which I hardly listen to. I don't why.<br />There you have it. Butterfly is a mixture of ballads, subtle Rnb tracks and tracks with a prominant Rnb sound. At that time, over 3 years ago now it was the new mature Mariah. It really is a fantastic album. If you don't have it. buy it. Now. It will never leave your CD player
0792844882|5.0|First of all, this movie is nothing but satire of obsession with POWER and its necessary attributes: career, success, sex, money, glimmer, etc. It includes all the elements necessary for this kind of movie: poor but ambitious girl, Las Vegas, trying hard, etc. etc. All these components are blown out of proportions and it seems that really bad acting and lousy plot was what Verhoeven wanted from his team. So almost everybody noticed it and almost all comments include keywords &quot;satire&quot;, &quot;parody&quot;, &quot;bad plot and acting&quot;. But then there is also one very important thing that one can only feel about when watching the movie - there's POWER AND FORCE in it so strong it almost vibrates. Everyone is pulling so HARD, doing everything as if their whole life and security depends on getting into the show or meeting some right person. One smart person said: &quot;If you want something from people make them be scared of you. Make them believe that you will kill for that cigarette or that ice cream. When they believe you they will give you everything.&quot;
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby has expressed himself deeply with music for the productions of various movies. Yet until PLAY, he has not been recognized as a truly original, great artist. His music is his expression towards life. That is why I appreciate it. It doesn't have a specific genrie or category, but yet many. Hip-hop, techno, groove, blues, and others. This is a peice of art that you can listen to any time when you are in any mood. I guarantee that. I have not been bored of the cd for about 5 months. I come home from school and listen to it while I finish my homework. No matter what mood I am in, his music fills that space up inside of me. Get this and you will not be disappointed. It will fill that hole inside of you no matter what.
0553274503|4.0|i loved this book and i loved the movie too.
1558216847|5.0|Within the first third of this book, you will be numb.  To read this book is to be given a glimpse of the limits of human endurance.<br />By the second third of the book, you will be elated.  The escape from Stalin's Gulag is bold, and brilliant responses of those escapees is gripping.<br />By the last third of the book you will be awed.
1572522232|5.0|...Are the first 90!  Suspiria is my favorite horror film of all time, and this is why. For starters, Argento does not rely on simply dialogue and acting to tell the story. Instead, he throws all of himself into creating an atmosphere that is dreamlike, flamboyant, and wicked through use of the camera, the set, and color. The storyline is simplistic and to the point. Suzy Banyon is a young American girl, going to a German dance school. Upon her arrival it is immediately clear that she is not wanted there. The night is dark, stormy, and rain is pouring. An anonymous voice denies Suzy's placement at the school and is told to leave. A girl rushes out of the door and rasps something incoherent about flowers and a secret. From then on, the pace is quickened and through fantastic murders Suzy and her new friend and roommate, Sara, try to end the mystery of their dance school once and for all and make the connection between the administration and the murders. Argento makes brilliant use of colour here; mainly red, green, yellow. The many meanings of those colors can be for fear, tension, confusion, caution, etc. The camera makes hallways seem infinitely long, and they creep up on their characters. In addition, there is a stark contrast between the hushed dialogue of the mainly Italian cast and the loud, almost to the point of annoyance, soundtrack by none other than Goblin. The music is pulsating and fuels the tension, most noteably for Goblin's track &quot;Witch&quot;, which plays during a murder scene witha blind man in his dog. Watch this movie - please? :)
B000002KAT|5.0|A while back I wrote a review that claimed Astral Weeks to be &quot;a fun listen, but nothing extraordinary&quot;.  Never have I changed my mind more than I have since then. I can now safely say that Astral Weeks is one of my favorite albums.  I believe I've almost worn the cd out in my cd-player I listen to it so much.  <br />Van's voice is like no other.  He has the ability to communicate raw emotion in ways most artists can't, and he does it on Astral Weeks more than any of his latter albums.  &quot;Beside You&quot; sends shivers down my spine everytime I listen to it, and &quot;Madame George&quot; is exquisite.  <br />Listen to it, then listen to it again.<br />~Dave
6305750750|1.0|Maybe I'm older or maybe Lucas has finally lost his steam, but this movie flat out sucks. I saw the original Star Wars when I was 11 years old and was amazed. This however is a different animal. The story line and character developement moved at a very slooow pace. The special effects are good, but not great. Matrix had better effects and wasnt nearly as hyped as this movie. Unless your a hardcore Star Wars geek who reads the books then I would say rent this before you buy it.
B00004YC2F|4.0|Arcadi Volodos has made something of a name for himself in virtuoso circles lately as \\"the NEW Horowitz.\\"  One can certainly understand why, since he seems to specialize in playing Horowitz's transcriptions and repertoire associated with the late Russian virtuoso.  So, it was expected that Volodos would eventually record Rachmaninoff's Third Concerto, which for nearly 60 years was Horowitz' signature Concerto.<br /><br />The results here are suprisingly mixed.  James Levine (not usually associated with this composer) and the Berlin Philharmonic do an excellent job of collaborating with the soloist, with superb playing from the strings and woodwinds.  Though this Concerto is best known for virtuoso piano fireworks, it is one of most sensitevely orchestrated Concertos in the repertoire, so the accompaniment is crucial.<br /><br />Volodos certainly has the measure of the work's difficulties--few have ever played this piece as well, technically.  In a number of the work's more challenging sections, he exceeds even Horowitz.  There are wonderful voicings and various felicities which will delight fellow pianists who have ever tried to play this monster Concerto.  The problem here is that Volodos fails to integrate these details into the Concerto as a whole, which prevents this performance being of the very top rank.  Phrasing is of the type Horowitz used to call \\"red light, green light--stop and go.\\"  In addition, he plays Rachmaninoff's alternate cadenza, which although pianistically wonderful, simply is out of place in the Concerto--one of the reasons Rachmaninoff himself didn't play it.<br /><br />Listeners wanting a top flight Rachmaninoff Third are advised to pursue these versions: Horowitz/Reiner (RCA, 1951--the sound is far from first rate. but the performance remains the best on record); the composer's own recording with Ormandy; Guitierez/Maazel (Telarc, the best version in modern sound).<br /><br />The solo pieces make an outstanding makeweight here--indeed the music making is on a higher lever here than in the Concerto.  Phrasing is more natural than in the concerto, and the performances on the whole are more noteworthy.  Volodos' own arrangement of the slow movement from Rachmaninoff's Cello Sonata demonstrates that he's an excellent transcriber in his own right.<br /><br />The sound in the Concerto is bizarre, the piano seemeing to move around the stage.  In loud passages, it is more naturally balanced, but in pianissimo passages, it virtually dissappears into a black hole.  The solo pieces sound better.lever here than in the Concerto.  Phrasing is more natural than in the concerto, and the performances on the whole are more noteworthy.   Volodos' own arrangement of the slow movement from Rachmaninoff's Cello Sonata demonstrates that he's an excellent transcriber in his own right.    The sound in the Concerto is bizarre, the piano seemeing to move around the stage.  In loud passages, it is more naturally balanced, but in pianissimo passages, it virtually dissappears into a black hole.  The solo pieces sound better.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I, as an emerging Beatles fan, have been listening to this CD nonstop.  The songs, in great condition, sound like they were just recorded days ago.  It has helped me reveal the true Beatles fan inside of me.  The Richard Avedon pictures are great and the 32 page color booklet includes almost every beatles album cover from ever nation it was released in!  This is definitely a keepsake for any kid or adult who ever has, is, or will cherish the one-of-a-kind sound of the Beatles.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I bought this cd the week it came out, not even knowing what kind of music it was, the girl at the store recommended to me so i bought it. Since then I have purchased four other Moby CD's (Animal Rights, Everything is wrong, Songs and I Like To Score) and I've actually given copies of this CD to friends. I even bought the Limited Edition 2 CD Boxed set with Play: The B-Sides in it and gave my original copy to a girl in my class. It's just a great cd. The way he sampled ols blues songs into awesome dance tracks, i treally got me hooked on the genre, before this CD, all i listened to was Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit.<br />EVERYBODY SHOULD OWN THIS CD.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I, as an emerging Beatles fan, have been listening to this CD nonstop.  The songs, in great condition, sound like they were just recorded days ago.  It has helped me reveal the true Beatles fan inside of me.  The Richard Avedon pictures are great and the 32 page color booklet includes almost every beatles album cover from ever nation it was released in!  This is definitely a keepsake for any kid or adult who ever has, is, or will cherish the one-of-a-kind sound of the Beatles.
B000051VWW|3.0|The cd is as beautiful as all the other Sade recordings.  It could  be improved, however, if the guitar player didn't scrape the strings so much.  It's the same effect as nails across the chalkboard.  It diverts one's attention from the smoothness of her voice.
0805211063|2.0|The idea behind &quot;The Castle&quot; and the ryhthm in which it is written is genius, yet the story, central to K's whinning and conversational tangents--not all too interesting-- quickly becomes obnoxious. &quot;The Castle&quot; is slow, and a hard read. It would have been better if it was a short story.
B000001DTM|5.0|Edge once told about this album 'I don't think our best record is behind us, our best album is yet to come'. I agree Mr Evans, but being absolutely fair, you and I have to coincide that this is U2's masterpiece of 90's. What a great album! A classic! You can't skip any of the tracks that, in spite of not being very single-oriented, make a single on their own-. 'Zoo station' brings you to a different world. I remember being a U2 fan and hearing the opening line of 'Zoo station' and saying &quot;what kind of joke is this, this is not U2?&quot;. Well U2 was there, they were only four men trying to chop down the Joshua Tree and indeed they did! After the striking 'Zoo Station' there you had 'Even better than the real thing' (what the hell is that? some camera going down Bono's nuts in the video?) and finally you reach 'One'. One, nothing but one. That is U2. One is the U2 song. It's not only important becausese the beauty in itself but because of the big push it gave to the band itself (when they were thinking of tearing apart). After 'One' you thought world was to be OK? Wrong! 'Until the end of the world' shows you that world, religion and love is not that easy. And yet is to come the best part of the album: 'Who's going to ride your wild horses' (don't turn around, U2 changed the moment they went into Hansa studios in Berlin), 'So cruel' (what a song), 'The Fly' (who said rock and roll couldn't be just a slap in the face?), 'Mysterious ways' (it's alright, we -U2 and their fans- move through miracle ways), 'Ultraviolet' (baby, just light me up, light my way), 'Acrobat' (the 'only' Edge regarded 'solo'in the album) and 'Love is blindness' (try hearing this one heartbroken and in darkness). Acthung! This is an addictive record! No one has ever scaped of this masterpiece. No one has dared to resist to its charmed. Not even U2.
B00003CX8J|4.0|After hearing harsh reviews of X-Men and never having read the comic, I wasn't expecting to be dazzled by this film. However, I had a lot of fun with this DVD. It combined an interesting premise with realistic human personalities, and some really smashing combat scenes and visual effects. (Of course at the end there's rather an obvious amount of space for a sequel left...)<br />My partner assures me that the X-Men themselves are very well characterised (although some of their histories are changed for the sake of the storyline). X-Men works very well as a movie, even if you well versed in the comic.
B0000524E5|5.0|This movie was seen, through commercials flashing women in revealing clothing, as one starring a bunch of women stripping. This image is truly deceiving, as the movie has an actual plot away from some sexy women dancing on countertops; and even though there are such women, you grow to love them throughout the movie. This movie is fun and romantic, and makes you want to get up and dance. A must see.
B00004XOWN|4.0|MY WAY is the best song on the CD but my brother thinks it's Rollin'(air raid vehicle).Rollin'( urban assault vehicle) is the wrost song it's a slow version of Rollin'.
B00004XMVL|5.0|&quot;Pitch Black&quot; kicks off the new century of science fiction films with a bang.  A smart psychological thriller, this film effectively combines two major plotlines withing the overall story.  The main plot sees the passengers and crew of a crashed spaceship face thousands of deadly creatures who only come out in the darkness.  The secondary plot follows the conflict between a deadly convict (played by &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot;'s Vin Dieshl) and the rest of the crew.<br />Genuine thrills, great special effects, and a dark and forboding atmosphere make this one of the best Sci-Fi horror films ever.  By the way, science fiction fans:  be on the lookout for a familiar face.  The character of Shazza is played by Australian actress Claudia Black, who is best known for her role as Aeryn Sun on the hit Sci-Fi TV series &quot;Farscape&quot;.
B000000993|5.0|This ablum is what put tool on the map. It opened up doors that allowed the mighty band to enter our world. The songs are dark, lucid at times and meaningful. If you are looking for a thinking mans album this is it. Tool provides a great sound scape for heavy metal fans. They draw insperation form the dark side of humanity and put it into a format that most people can not even fathom. If you are a fan of Perfect Circle than you might not like this ablum. Its not pop like Perfect Circle is. Its not in short 3 min. sound bites. Its flowing and rips your heart out with every turn of the soundscape. This is a classic. A must have for people who appciate a band who can think.
B000056VIY|1.0|Now I know you guys are probably sick of hearing that Jennifer Lopez wants to be Madonna.  I was sick of hearing it to until I heard this album.  This album secures the fact that Jennifer Lopez is a Madonna impersonator.  One of the many catchy songs on the album called &quot;Play&quot; was written probably after her record company saw Madonna's single &quot;Music&quot; being one of the best selling singles of the year and spending a month at number 1.  The recalection is scary.  &quot;Hey Mr DJ 'Play' my record!&quot;  The song is so sad it makes me actually laugh out loud when I hear it.  No I will openly admit that this album is extremely catchy and will probably sit well with lots of people.  However what upsets me is the lack of originality!  I am not saying that someone need to inspire a nation with a record but if you are going to sing a song about nothing atleast sing it first!  All in all I am extremely upset with this record as I rated &quot;On the 6&quot; with 4 stars!
B000050XEI|5.0|I really enjoyed listening to Enya's music over the years, but this is by far her best effort to date. I bought this CD without hearing any of the music and I am glad I did. I play it over and over again. The music is very relaxing and mood provoking. Lots of stings and that great voice. Out of 11 songs on the CD, I can honestly say I really enjoy 9 of them...especially &quot;Only Time&quot;, &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;, &quot;Flora's Secret&quot;, and &quot;One By One&quot;. Sit back, put your CD player on repeat, and enjoy.
B000050IL0|5.0|You will never see some one play piano like this!  He is setting on a custom made 14&quot; height stool with the piano raised 1 1/4&quot;.  He plays Bach with such a great passion including swaying, humming, beating time with free hands, eyebrow movement, etc. I do have a CD of this version of Goldberg Variation, but any Glen Gould fan needs to have this DVD to see this great eccentric genius at work.
0790743132|3.0|I know I'm supposed to like this movie, but I don't. Of course, it's got some great lines like 'Here's looking at you kid' (I use that one all the time) and 'Play it again, Sam.' The World War Two subplot also kind gets you, like some kind of turf war between rival gangs, the Nazis and the French. But what gives me the jip is the fact that Humphy lets that sweet kid go off on a plane trip into the fog with some dorky freedom fighter. Not me, brother. I'd rather peach that palooka to the Gestapo and grab the moll for myself, Paris or no Paris. The way I figure it is there'll always be plenty of wars going on somewhere. The main thing's not to pass up a class dame when she just happens to stumble into your gin joint, Rick. Claude Rains or Ingrid Bergman - I know who I'd rather spend the war with.
B00000K19E|5.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; has to be rated with &quot;Star Wars&quot; and &quot;Blade Runner&quot; as one of the best Sci Fi movies of all time! This movie has it all: a wonderful storyline, excellent acting, the best special effects of all time, nonstop action, romance, wonderful fight sequences and best of all two sequels to follow! This is one of the few perfect movies I have seen.  This movie must be viewed on a large screen, letterboxed edition and with surround sound. It must be seen several times to fully appreciate all of the subtleties of the story line.  &quot;The Matrix&quot; must be viewed in the DVD letterbox edition as VHS does not do it justice. After I purchased my DVD player this was the first movie I bought.
1577137868|5.0|This tape is one of the best of all bloopers tapes.  I have watched it several times and laugh and gasp each time I see it.  There is a wide variety of sports and very entertaining.  A must see for all blooper fans!!!
B00004TL21|3.0|See, i like this album, but when you compare it to deftones it's a really bad album. I will rate these songs according on how i like them.<br />1. Feitceira 7/10- its an average song. But sounds different from all the other album.<br />2. Digital Bath 9/10- i like this song for being a little different, and it's just a great song.<br />3. Elite 10/10- the best song on the album. You can jump up and down and all around with this mosh maniac of a track.<br />4. RX Queen 5/10- too slow, and undeftones like.<br />5. Street Carp 6/10- this song is okay, it's a little wierd.<br />6. Teenager 4/10- Very bad song. Too slow, nothing to it.<br />7. Knife Party 9/10- great song.<br />8. Korea 8/10- this song opened up the album a little bit, then all the other dull songs, like teenager, and RX queen.<br />9. Passenger 9/10- a very good song with the singer from tool in this song.<br />10. Change 7/10- an okay song. Not that heavy, but keeps the Deftones Style.<br />11. Pink Maggit 8/10- very good song. Back to school is in this.<br />overall, if you've never heard Deftones before, you'll like this. But if you're an old fan, you probably wont.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Oops!...She's done it agian. Britney Spears hit us agian with here sopomore follow-up to her diamond album Baby One More Time. Baby One More Time was at the #1 spot on the charts for over 42 weeks in a row, which made Miss Spears the youngest female to ever do so. She had three headlining tours, two albums, three home videos, eight music videos, eight singles, well, soon to be 9. Her next single off of Oops!...I Did It Agian will be Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know. Britney's new album Oops! is one of the top selling albums in music history, along with *NSYNC's No Strings Attached. Britney will be recording her third album in January and Febuary, and start filming her acting debut in March. Now, on to the album. Oops!'s awsome lyrics, catchy tunes, is Brit's best Cd yet! Opps! is already Diamond!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I adore ths CD immensly! Dido's singing talents are brilliant and I love the mixture of songs that's included. No3 is one of my favourites and I also enjoy &quot;I'm no angel&quot;. But the best track has got 2 be No1 as I love it's sound and texture. This album is truly worth buying and if u haven't got it yet be sure to rush out and grab one quick! It's brilliant!
B000056VIY|5.0|Sexy Jenifer Lopez's sopomore album, J.Lo is a awesome follow-uo to her multi-platinum debut album on the 6. Jenifer has starred in many films including The Cell, the newly released The Wedding Planner, and filming a new movie now. Jenifer Lopez has won numerous awards this past year from American Music Awards, to Grammys, to Teen Choice Awards, to Mtv's Video Music Awards, to the My VH1 Awards, to the Billboard Awards. Just think how it must feel to have your new album at #1 on the charts and your new movie #1 at the box office! Now, to the review of the album. J.Lo is a sexy R&amp;B, pop album. Her catchy songs like Love Don't Cost A Thing, Play, etc. Sofar, the best album of 2001. Her many outfits, to many songs, to many music videos all conclude to one thing....J.Lo is a siren! This album is great, if you don't buy it, you have no taste in music!
6302968143|4.0|Bette Midler, Sarah Jessica Parker,and Kathy Najimy play witches called the Sanderson sisters, They give three, very funny, over the top performances in this over looked comedy.<br />Three centuries ago in colonial America, the Sanderson sisters practiced witchcraft, much to the consternation of their neighbors who apparently gave them wide berth. Unfortunately, growing old and haggard, they needed to rejuvenate themselves  by inhaling the life force of a child. So, they lured Emily Binx, a neighboring child, into their cottage. She is followed by her brother, Zachery, who tries to save her, but is unable to do so before he is discovered and turned into a black cat for all eternity. The three witches breathe in Emily's life force, with dire consequences for Emily, but the witches themselves turn more youthful thanks to Emily's life force.The townsfolk convene upon the cottage and capture the witches, whom they arrange to hang, but not before the witches cast a spell that is to have future ramifications.<br />Cut to present day America. It is Halloween. Two teens and  one of the teen's little sister break into the witches cottage, which is still standing as a sort of historical museum. One of the teens does something which brings the witches back, and all hell breaks loose. Just sit back and let the laughs begin. What happens is quite funny, as the witches are hilarious. This is entertainment, pure and simple. What you see, is what you get.
630469654X|5.0|I saw it in the theatre, prompted by buying the tie-in book. (Yes, there's a book, with a slightly altered story, by Joan Vinge, no less.  It's almost impossible to find now.)  The entire small audience was mesmerized by the movie, and I rushed out and bought the VHS tape at full price.  I watch it about once a year, and lend it out to others regularly.  It's time to get the DVD. Many people comment on the music.  I find it annoying in some spots, but the scene with the hawk over water is fine, and the music works very well in the big fight scene, adding to the tension and to the shock at the sound break.  If you've seen the movie you know what I mean.  It's a movie for tough-minded romantics, people who enjoy fantasy, and people who want to look at beautiful cinematography of Italian hills and rocks.
630382790X|5.0|This is the greatest SPACE movie of all time, without any reasonable doubt. Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise, Ed Harris, and Kathleen Quinlan ALL give superb performances. I really like the way they were able to make an old story exciting without taking much dramatic license. This movie actually makes you FEEL as if you're with Jim Lovell, Fred Haise, and Jack Swigert in their desperate battle to stay alive in their crippled space craft 200,000 miles from safety, or with Lovell's wife and family as they sit by and hope for the best, or with Gene Kranz and other mission control ground crew members struggle to bring them home. This is still Ron Howard's best film as a director. Anyone who wishes to see an historical adventure movie should look no further than APOLLO 13. It'll make you feel great, trust me! Grade: A+
B00003CXHJ|3.0|U-571 is a good movie. But the story is untrue and not authentic. Like one revieweer said, depth charges can't be released that fast and shooting thompsons, 45s, and everything else in a U boat is STUPID. I think that it should have been about the British capturing the Enigma and not some fairytale about some American submarine sailors shooting up and then sailing in a U boat.
B00003CXFG|3.0|This movie isn't the wrost movie on earth, but it was fun to watch. The story is very thrilling-a crew's ship crashes on an uncharted planet, with animals who come out in the dark-and their only hope is a convicted criminal who can only see in the dark. It may seem a little off-I mean, how many people in this world can only see in the dark? That's what good about it-the story is very different and very well told. The sound and vision is really cool. I escpecially like the way space looked-really cool. It's a &quot;unique&quot; theme movie. I'm sure many will enjoy it.
B0000541AM|4.0|When The Warriors was originally released there was a prequel to the opening scene of the movie ( i.e. prior to the Coney Island ferris wheel spinning around.)  The audience was introduced to Cleon's girlfriend and her reservations about him going to the conclave up in the Bronx.  More importantly, Cleon introduces the viewing audience to each member of the Warrior cast and their respective roles in the movie before they leave on their perilous journey.  Why in the world would expanded information made for DVD viewing audiences like this this be cut from the final DVD release when it was included in the original theatrical release( which I have I a copy of on video tape) is beyond me. I am sure that many other cult followers would agree with this. Sheesh!  Can Paramount review this oversight and make a correction?  I have already e-mailed them and heard nothing in return.  What a shame, particularly when many of us know that this bonus footage exists and was shown in theaters and on television!  CAN SOMETHING BE DONE?  CAN I GET AN ANSWER FROM SOMEONE?  THANKS!
B0000507UD|5.0|First of all I would like to establish the fact that I am a dedicated Lip Bizkit fan. After purchasing this album - I came to the conclusion that this particluar CD is nothing short of Limp Bizkits style and standards.<br />Although, many people are disillusioned by the fact that this version is the limited edition. Yes, there is an extra CD included in the album containing an extra track - but I would only recommend this &quot;limited edition&quot; to those who are big fans of Limp Bizkit, music collectors or those of you who are purchasing it as a gift.<br />For the rest of you soon-to-be fans, I think keep that spare cash in your pocket, purchase the standard version of the album and continue the search for your favourite artist or band.<br />(I rated this album 5/5 as I am a Limp Bizkit fan, I loved this album and I think the limited edition is a nice touch for those who care)
0345404475|5.0|this novel made me want to write sci-fi it shows that sci-fi can be literature and be entertaining at the same time. the characters in my opinion are all well-developed (buster friendly is my favorite) and are engrossing. i had seen this book in the library years ago and ignored it, i wish now i had been reading his work years ago. i had read now wait until last year and am in the process of reading valis (which i love so far) dick is a major writer who deserves attention on par with any american writer of this century. this is considered by some to be pkd's best work by some. the plots twists are excellent and unpredictable. this book is far better than the movie. read the book first and then see blade runner if you haven't already and you will see that the book is far better. but as it has been said film and fiction are two different mediums.
B00004Y6OA|3.0|This is not a bad recording in anyway.  However, when compared to their first two releases, Diver Down, 5150, or the Ultiamte Fair Warning, the product falls short of standard.  First of all, there are only eight real tracks.  I'm sorry that tape loop sound effect Tora Tora Tora does not qualify as anything.  Gosh, I hate when bands do that.  Other than some speedy guitar solos, Loss Of Control does not add anything special.  Everybody Wants Some almost fits the same mold but the guitar work is somewhat creative.  As a matter of fact, its Eddie's guitar that carries this record as a whole.  David Lee Roth contributes some gem like vocal deliveries particularly on Take Your Whiskey Home, Could This Be Magic, and the riveting Romeo's Delight.  The other material is good in spots but when blended together just does not distinguish itself as often as it should.  Not an obligatory Van Halen purchase.
1583500154|4.0|A good introduction not only to Edgar Cayce's beliefs on soul development and reincarnation but also to practical ways of living a spiritual life in the everyday world. Through interviews with authors and therapists familiar with Cayce's views, numerous steps to developing the spirit are identified and stated in simple practices everyone can begin to make a daily part of their lives.
B00004SZWD|5.0|&quot;Songs In the Key of Life&quot; is my all-time favorite album.  I'm a Stevie freak anyway, but this record is simply staggering!  Like most people, I'd heard the singles for years; after hearing the whole record, I was hooked.  Whenever I'm feeling melancholy, this album is all I need to boost my mood.  &quot;Knocks Me Off My Feet,&quot; &quot;All Day Sucker,&quot; &quot;Summer Soft&quot; and the towering &quot;As&quot;... Stevie's voice soars like no other.  Why don't you have &quot;Song In the Key of Life&quot;?!  Ignore the hokey title and buy it today!
B000005H7D|5.0|pure soaring jazz, great bass,really tugs at your moorings!
B000001G1E|5.0|How can I possibly describe my feelings for this box set?  I bought &quot;Star Time&quot; in 1995 and it ruled my stereo for over a year.  James Brown for breakfast, lunch and dinner!  Each CD is jammed with the magic and intensity of Mr. Brown and his dozens of funky collaborators.  I'm particularly enamored of the rhythmic explosions of the early 1970s compositions (Bootsy Collins, baby!), but I also get down to the sixties songs.  Each and every James Brown scream is awe-inspiring.  In short, &quot;Star Time&quot; is indispensable and a truly majestic collection of revolutionary music.
0790734060|5.0|I fell in love with this movie when I first experienced it in the fifth grade.  Now an adult, I can appreciate it all the more.  A powerful depiction of one of history's most fascinating characters, Amadeus is a film you'll return to over and over again.  <br />The cast is well chosen, although you may find the hit and miss accents bothersome if you're a stickler for authenticity.  (However I find that most people are drawn so deeply into the drama that they find it easy to engage in suspension of disbelief as far as things such as this are concerned).  Portrayals of Emperor Joseph and his court sidekicks are entertaining, if a bit superficial (though I don't think it detracts from the story).  F. Murray Abraham's Salieri is superb; I have yet to see him equal this performance in any of his subsequent roles.  Tom Hulce's Mozart elicits disgust, wonder, pity- much the same as we might have endured had we known the man himself.  If you've studied what is known of his life, you are aware of the fact that Mozart was the possessor of pure genius coupled with an anything but pure propensity toward the foul and obscene.  His dirty riddles revile but his musical compositions astound- precisely the picture painted of him in Amadeus.  In this sense, the film is accurate indeed.<br />Yet it is important to remember that this is a fictional, theoretical story, not a biography.  Although they were contemporaries and competitors professionally, it is difficult to substantiate further details about the relationship between Antonio Salieri and Wolfgang Mozart.  If you go searching, you'll find conflicting information: that Salieri did claim, during his latter days in an asylum, to have killed Mozart, that Mozart accused Salieri of trying to poison him, that the two were mutually appreciative of each other's talent and bore no ill-will toward one another.  Most modern scholars seem to have adopted the latter view.  However I have read that the intriguing circumstances surrounding the anonymous commission of Mozart's unfinished Requiem are authentic.<br />Historic accuracy issues aside, this is an all time great film.  It will engross you and leave you exhausted.  Excellent renditions of Mozart's music are skillfully and seamlessly woven into the plot and heighten the drama. The climactic Salieri-assisted Requiem composition scene is a powerful and unforgettable classic of cinematic brilliance.  I cannot recommend Amadeus nearly enough.  In fact, just writing this review has given me the desire to watch it yet again...
B00003CXIY|4.0|This movie was alot funnier than I thought it would be. I had seen the previews and checked out the box, but was not expecting to like it all that much. The plot is standard teen movie fare, Josh (Breckin Meyer) gets freaky with Beth (Amy Smart) and a camera records it all, then instead of his usual video that he sends to his long-distance girlfriend Tiffany (Rachel Blanchard) the sex tape gets sent to her. Josh and his friends set off to make it to Texas before the tape, and unleash a bevy of comical moments. Tom Green plays Barry, the narrator of the story, with a bizzare obsession with feeding Mitch, a python. His scenes are some of the funniest the movie has to offer. Scenes featuring E.L. are hilarious too, played by Seann William Scott, especially the &quot;milking the prostate&quot; scene. <br />Alas, some parts however, are just plain gross. The scene in the restaurant is sickening and makes you not want to eat out again. Even though I am male, and am 14 years old, I still found the amount of nudity in this film to be a little much. Some of the parts (namely the shower scene) show nothing on the screen but a female's breasts. That brings me to another thing, the unrated footage is a joke, all of about 10 seconds of &quot;unrated&quot; footage was included, and is only close-ups of breasts. <br />One thing this DVD is not lacking is special features. It has deleted scenes, some of which are downright hilarious while others are rather dumb, an Eels music video, cast bios, and a trivia game and screensaver for DVD-Rom. The menu setup is very well done, and looks very put together. <br />I would recommend this DVD to anyone who is a comedy fan, and is not offended by rather large amounts of nudity, vulgarity, or promiscuity.
6300183211|5.0|This 1980's version of SCARFACE is so compelling, that many viewers will be thinking of it for the rest of their lives. The story of a &quot;Street-wise&quot; Mariel Boat lift Cuban, X-prisoner, who is picked up by immigration in South Florida, and after some inner dealings in the holding facility, is released onto the streets of Miami. It documents the &quot;rags-to-riches&quot; story of Tony Montana, from flipping burgers, to obtaining international Drug-lord status; with virtually unlimited riches in his warchest, the key word being: war. Quite possibly, the best film ever made, it features a hypnotic performance by Robert Loggia, Steven Bauer, Michelle Pfiefer and of course, the 20th Centuries all-time best performance by Al Pacino as the Cuban, complete with heavy accent and haircut. The look of the film is &quot;beautiful-eighties&quot;, complete with the Miami-pastel colored backdrop, and the music floating around at the right moments. Note: PAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO THE 3 MINUTE PERFORMANCE OF TONY'S MOTHER - It is so remarkable, you can almost see Pacino's admiration for this actress in his facial expressions on film!
B00003CWTI|1.0|This movie is a total piece of...!  The director is so self important.  The story is even worse than Boogie Nights.  Tom Cruise's performance is unimaginative and overrated.  The frogs are about the worst thing I have ever seen on film.  An absolute joke of a movie.  Please, please save your money so as to save yourself 3 hours of agony and hopefully prevent this director from making any more films.
B00000JSJC|5.0|this is one of my favorite &quot;women in action&quot; movies, up there with &quot;aliens&quot; and &quot;the long kiss goodnight&quot;. if you want to get a taste of how storm should have been portrayed in &quot;x-men&quot;, watch angela bassett in this movie!
B000055ZDT|4.0|This is pure unrelenting, grind-sludge, heavy (and i mean 1000 ton),metal bubbling in the glass vacuum of a bong. There are some great lyrics here, but they are mixed a little too quiet and as a result the vocals are obscured by some of the towering angular riffage. But that aside this is a very stoned album. Very sabbath-esque, but some songs are less melodic than i would like them to be.    But,rest assured, listen for long enough, and behold! those melodies will rise quivering out of the fuzz.
0802136834|5.0|I could not put this book down.  This book provides a thorough history of not only each wife of King Henry, but also a history of Henry and England itself during the period.  The book is easy to follow, laid out in chronological order.  The book also addresses the issues from the wive's point of view.  Very engrossing, an incredible read that made history very vibrant and alive.
6301963717|5.0|This movie far surpasses any gangster movie ever produced. Sorry to say, but it pulls ahead of such greats as Godfather, Goodfellas, Meanstreets, Scarface, etc. The script is absolutely brilliant, the direction impeccable, the cinematography stunning. I was entranced by this movie from start to finish. Absolutely unparalleled! The humanism it brings to the gangster movie genre has never been accomplished before. One really has the feeling that the characters are real people, unlike so many gangster flicks where the characters often have a distant unreal quality to them. The only other gang flick that comes to mind that might compete with the humanistic character quality is Donnie Brasco, and although a great film, it does not compare to Miller's Crossing and stands below Goodfellas and Godfather. SEE THIS MOVIE NOW, and be enthralled!
0205191584|5.0|This is a classic.  Books, music, plays, and movies become classics because they are foundations that inform, entertain, and break new ground (in my opinion). I cannot remember when this book was not recommended for those who needed or wanted to know the elements, the basics of English grammar, including sentence structure and frequently misspelled or misused words.<br />One of the most incorrectly used punctuation marks is the comma.  This small, 85 page book, is an excellent reference for novice or grammarian. Teachers can take the simple exercises and teach their students -- and students can look-up the rules.  Without form and structure, language degenerates. Dictionaries, quickly become out of date, as the next generation adds their own words. That is a reason to keep your dictionary current, by the way.  However the basic structure of English grammar doesn't change simply because it is misunderstood.<br />Please note: there are more commas than necessary in the above paragraph... a reason to read the book is to correct all of the errors I put into that paragraph.<br />This book is now on special order only.  I have a copy somewhere in my garage, but gave up looking for it and bought a new copy. I do not regret one single penny.<br />If you write, or read (or talk) then this book is a must.
B0000508UN|5.0|Although he received flack about these later albums they are still great.  This is my favorite of his funkier albums.  Idris Muhammad keeps the funky beat going throughout.  The three bonus tracks are all smokers.  &quot;Hey Western Union Man&quot;, &quot;It's Your Thing&quot; and &quot;Maiden Voyage&quot; are all excellent tracks.  I just wonder why they were not issued originally.  Since these tracks were all good I did not mind upgrading to the reissued version. I wonder what other goodies from Mr. Green are still in the vaults at Blue Note.
B000002U82|5.0|If I was going to be stranded on a desert island I'd probably take this album with me. Although the first &quot;concept&quot; album emerged with The Beatles' Sergant Pepper's Lonely Hearts, it wasn't until Pink Floyd released The Dark Side of The Moon that this art form took its shape the way it is meant to be. The album itself talks about the stresses of every day life from work to love to alienation. Dark Side might very well be Pink Floyd's best album. For the un-educated ear it may be hard to understand at the beginning. In fact, you might not like it at all. Nevertheless, once you get to &quot;understand&quot; it there are no words to describe it. Roger Water's lyrics are timeless poems and David Gilmour's guitar playing is, as always, delicate and just perfect. Gilmour concentrates more on the feeling of his playing than on speed, this is what makes him great. He can play two notes and say it all. Closely following the greatness of The Dark Side of the Moon is the following album, &quot;Wish you Were Here,&quot; which is dedicated to former leader of the band Syd Barrett. Before Dark Side is &quot;Obscure by the Clouds&quot; which is, in many ways, a pre Dark Side of the Moon. In fact, the song Us and Them was written for that album but was saved for The Dark Side. I also recomend the live version of The Dark Side of the Moon found in &quot;Pulse.&quot;
0451160916|5.0|Last semester this book was featured in my Gothic literature class. This should give anyone the idea of how much of an impact this book has had over the years. <br />The reader actually begins to care about the Torrances, but ultimately knows that even more bad times are coming. The family is facing a triple threat: alcholism, possible divorce, and mental illness, if that is not enough, put them in an isolated haunted hotel!!<br />I feel that this is one of King's best. It has stood out after 25 years after its first publication as one of the best horror novels of all time.<br /> King also pays homage to one of his predessesors, Edgar Alan Poe, frequently throughout the book.
6303203272|2.0|I bought this tape as the first of Cory's tapes wanting to try a new instructor.  Seeing the preview as part of the  Body Vision series inspired me given Cory's reputation.  I will just say, I don't think her strength is in the area of teaching fitness videos.  I have been working out for over ten years and was previously a fitness instructor.  I found this tape to have terrible organization.  Choreography in terms of music is terrible if that is something that motivates you and the exercises are jerky and outdated.  I would also have to say, after working out with Tamilee Webb for years and teaching as well, I find it hard to follow someone wearing evening length earrings and a &quot;bumless&quot; back to her outfit, for an exercise video......
0553062182|4.0|If you are HSP, you'll find this book useful -- simply because it is groundbreaking and there is nothing else out these on the subject.  We owe a debt of gratitude to the author. <br />However, it almost seemed as if Aron wasn't quite concrete in her theory -- and sometimes seemed rather unsure in her writing style.  The book meandered through the subject.  The chapters on &quot;reparenting&quot; our &quot;infant body&quot; struck me rather bizarre, suggesting we &quot;baby&quot; ourselves.  I believe that simply understanding that we MAY get overwhelmed was enough advice for the average HSP to formulate a plan on dealing with the situation.<br />Also, there was little advice for the extraverted HSP, as if being socially &quot;out there&quot; meant they have fewer problems.<br />The chapters on spirituality came as a profound realization for me and made the book worthwhile.  <br />All in all, it's the best (and only) book out there on the subject and if nothing else, will certainly give you a new perspective on yourself.<br />I certainly hope Aron decide to follow up this book with a more in-depth discussion on the issue.
6305364613|4.0|This movie is adapted from William Shakespeare's tragedy &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; and follows two young people from rival families as they meet and fall in love, and as &quot;star cross'd lovers&quot; their short-lived romance burns out in a fire of passion and death.<br />Director Baz Luhrmann's vision for Romeo &amp; Juliet is visually exciting.  The sets, costumes, locations, and props down to the smallest detail are rich and vivid.  The soundtrack is riotous and is the perfect accompaniment to the neo-catholic design of the movie.  With snippets of Wagnerian opera, and some great techno, the soundtrack proved to be audio bliss, and this movie had a great deal of impact on me when I saw it in the theatre.<br />There are some details of this movie that just make the whole thing worthwhile: the clannish costuming of the two families (ultracool hawaiian for the Montagues, and latino-gothic for the Capulets), the revamping of two pop songs in the style of a catholic boys' choir (most notably, Prince's &quot;When the Doves Cry&quot; in an amazing performance by Quindon Tarver), the lush locations in Mexico City and the Catholic themes that show up all through the movie.  It is truly a beautiful film.<br />Although this movie is mostly aimed at the MTV generation (and therefore probably exempt from my complaints, because its audience doesn't care about them), it falls short in some fundamental areas.  &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; does not achieve the clarity that &quot;good&quot; Shakespeare movies such as those adapted and directed by Kenneth Branaugh (&quot;Much Ado About Nothing&quot; &quot;Henry V&quot; and &quot;Hamlet&quot;) do:  namely, the delivery of the lines.  Almost all the actors, with the exception of Pete Postlethwaite (Friar Laurence), and Christina Pickles, with her short performance as Mrs. Montague, delivered lines so badly that it was hard to tell what they were talking about.  (This is where the strong visuals come in, as the audience could always SEE what was happening, if the dialog did not make it clear).  Don't get me wrong, they weren't bad actors, just not good Shakesperean actors.<br />That being said, the casting was good (at least appearance-wise), and most of the choices made in production worked to make this movie a glorious two-hour music video that just might tempt some non-believers into appreciating Shakespeare.ays SEE what was happening, if the dialog did not make it clear).  Don't get me wrong, they weren't bad actors, just not good Shakesperean actors.<br />That being said, the casting was good (at least appearance-wise), and most of the choices made in production worked to make this movie a glorious two-hour music video that just might tempt some non-believers into appreciating Shakespeare.
B000002AQQ|1.0|there was another doors song in the film that wasn't on EITHER of the two soundtracks! it was &quot;people are strange&quot; it was used in the scene with the pool table. this album contains MORE oldies THAN CLASSIC ROCK! classic rock would be the doors,fleetwood mac,etc. this album gets boring fast mostly because well,the movie made some of these songs put in the worst scenes! and this album for one DOES NOT cover every song that was out during the &quot;era&quot;'s that the movie was set in this album covers the STEROTYPICAL music that you would think that was around in those eras! like for the hippe scenes you got &quot;sunflowers in your hair&quot; and then you got the songs that even if you watch the movie they don't seem to go with those scenes! avoid this album if you want REAL classic rock get an isle of wight album!
B00004XONN|5.0|before i am brutally murdered for sugessting that anything could surpass the bends and ok computer, let me say that both of those albums were masterpieces as well. however, i know of no other album that can elicit in me the emotions that kid a does. to put it simply, this album blows everything else away.
0425170349|4.0|Rainbow 6 is the apitemy of Clancy books.  It holds you spellbound from begining to end with its technical detail and flowing diologe. This book is a must read for all clancy fans
B000002ORU|5.0|The compilation of The Who's musical box set, 30 Years of Maximum R&amp;B, is an examplary work of music that marks The Who's rise from the group who marked one of the strongest movements for the mods in England, to the pinnacle of their rock opera Tommy.  It is an original compilation different than the &quot;best of&quot; tittles which came out after the breakup of the band.  It offers a fresh perspective from Pete Townshend.  He writes about the tragic passing of Keith Moon an adds a sensitive perspective about the bands struggle to survive sprinkled with a touch of bittersweet humor.  Overall the box set leaves your senses a new sense of appreciation and understanding The Who's early works to the end of their pinncle years.
B00004XONN|5.0|In 1995, Radiohead blew us away with THE BENDS, a guitar rocking album that added to the greatness of rock.  In 1997, they delivered the best album of the 1990s, OK COMPUTER, which is still my favorite Radiohead album.  In 1998, they released the AIRBAG, HOW AM I DRIVING? EP which showed us the OK COMPUTER outtakes were just a good as the album, but different enough to be unique.  Now, they put out KID A, a non-linear, experimental album.  I listened to the CD as I was driving through Kansas back to Florida.  I listened to the album at least 10 times by the time I got home.  It's that brilliant.  U2 put out a great album (with shades of Radiohead, in my opinion), as did Travis, but this is THE album of 2000.
B000056VIY|4.0|When I purchased this CD, I was apprehensive. I have &quot;On the 6&quot; and I was not impressed, but her single &quot;Love Don't Cost a Thing&quot; was one of the best songs I'd heard on the radio for a long time so I gave it a shot. I was very pleased. I think MY favorite song is &quot;I'm Real&quot; (song #2). It's got a really happy beat and an overall happy and dancable groove. The only times Jennifer gets annoying is her slow songs. If this was a total  dance album, it would've been better. But there ARE more dance tracks than sappy ballads,and a totally enjoyable purchase over all. I'm very glad that I own this one. I can't wait to see what she puts out next!!
1556154844|5.0|This book is a very helpful and informative guide to software construction. It covers anything from identation to psychology, routine construction to project planning and management, and proves useful regardless of your experience level, or the language you program in.<br />Even if some of its contents feel a little aged (I think that we can safely discard discussion of Fortran, for example, and syntax-coloring alleviates code layout problems in most modern environments) at least 95% of the contents are still pretty valuable.<br />The concepts and guidelines teached in this book are useful because they cover things that will probably be with us for years to come. For example, even if OO is not covered in deep, the concept of proper encapsulation and modular design are a recurring theme, and can easily map to OO development. The book is well organized and full of examples, hard data and checklists which will help you improve your general coding practices. <br />Don't think that this book is targeted to novices or amateur programmers (even if they will find it useful, too): expert coders have probably already discovered many of the principles by themselves, and a lot of the concepts are available in other books (like The Pragmatic Programmer, for example) but this does not detract from the value of this book. <br />Also don't be intimitated by the size of the book: the style is easy to follow, with plenty of examples, typographic highlights to stress various points, good use of images and diagrams, and lots of recaps, checklists and cross indexing among the various sections. You may read it from cover to cover and then use it as a reference by zooming to the appropriate chapter or section.<br />I think that this book may be considered a true classic, along with the works of Knuth or Bentley: a new edition could just update the bibliographic resources and perhaps freshen up some of the statistics (most of the points made by the author are backed by hard data and research, a valuable tool in teaching or advocating methodologies or design practices) and let the rest of the contents remain unchanged.<br />Even in its present edition, I think it fully deserves its 5 stars... in a sense, it deserves them even more, considering how well it stands the test of time in our fast-changing line of work.
B00001NFCY|2.0|I bought this CD, like most people, because of the song 'Higher' which is a great tune.  the rest of the CD is mediocre at best with alot of attempts to continue with the Soundgarden and Pearl Jam traditions.  the singer sounds too much like Eddie Vedder, which gets annoying after a while.  if you like some of Creed's songs, listen to them on the radio and save your money for a Soundgarden CD...<br />i would also recommend Filter, a Chicago band, who are much better than Creed and a bit more original.
6304288433|2.0|UPDATED and RE-POSTED on THURSDAY 9/24/15 for grammar, punctuation, and quality (original review was written by me at 16yrs on February 6, 2001):<br /><br />NEW COMMENTS 9/24/15:  I am not sure I agree with my original consensus, as I do fondly remember this film, I guess I just had higher expectations than I thought when I originally watched it.<br /><br />ORIGINAL REVIEW:<br /><br />  This sequel was not what I expected going into it, and  is highly unrealistic, and almost laughably implausible, since I;ve been hospitals late at night, and mean more then roughly 10 people working graveyard shift at the hospitals is just ridiculous, even in the ER alone there is at least 3x's that.<br /><br />  In this movie there is hardly any hospital staff and it relies to much on killing, and not enough on suspense, unlike the first film did (NEW COMMENTS 9/24/15:  Killings were almost an after thought in that film, unlike in this and other &#34;slashers&#34; from this era that were inspired by the first &#34;Halloween&#34;.).  ...<br /><br />  After watching the first &#34;Halloween&#34; which was not &#34;normal&#34; horror film, but was of a much higher caliber. I had, not high, but decent expectations, and was definitely let down. ..The acting was good from Pleasant and Curtis, but that is tthe only thing that kept me from rating this movie any lower.  The guy who wants her is quite charming, and that kinda bumped it up for me a bit as well.  This film does try to explain the events of the first film, and the ones in this one, which is more than most horror films attain to, but it was not necessarily a great explanation, and while surprising, was a bit of a let-down.<br /><br />God Bless ~Amy
B00002ZMNV|5.0|This DVD is great and I was terribly impressed when I began watching it. After a couple of viewings a bit of critical judgment is beginning to seep in, but nothing that lessens my enjoyment overall. The symphony orchestra at times enhances the music, at others it makes it a bit muddy and confused. Still, there's enough energy to go around, and the orchestra in no way dilutes the raw vitality of the Metallica performance. Everyone's having a good time and playing at their best, and the DVD production itself is crisp and professional. If you're a Metallica fan there are sure to be some of your favorites on here, but really, all the songs are excellent.
B000001Y42|4.0|Out of all of Limp Bizkit's work I like this song best!!!It has that oh so catchy cover of &quot;Faith&quot; I *Love* that song!!!Limp Bizkit was introduced to the world with this album it may not have launched them to super stardom,but it was a fair debut for a new band...The tracks that stand out in my mind here are &quot;Pollution&quot; this is the first track just a headbanging track about noise pollution,&quot;Sour&quot; I love that song for some reason,&quot;Faith&quot; this track is *AWESOME* and I like the end how it says &quot;You stereotype me cause you don't like me&quot;,&quot;Stuck&quot; that songs pretty darn good its another rocker baby!!!, &quot;Everything&quot; I hate this track its just a damn instrumental with some seductive whipserings from Fred Durst...Well if you've never heard Limp Bizkit's music I don't suggest buying this album first,but buy &quot;Significant other&quot; or &quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog flavored water&quot; first them &quot;3 dollar bill y'all&quot;...
B000000XCF|5.0|While not as &quot;popular&quot; as The Beatles &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, Bob Dylan's &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot; or The Stones &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot;, this album is truly one of the top 25 greatest rock albums ever produced. The songs Effigy and Fortunate Son rank amoung the greatest in rock history. Why this group never received the critical acclaim it deserved is a true wonder. If you're a fan of &quot;The Band&quot;, Grateful Dead&quot;, or any other original sounding American rock music, you will love this album. A must have for any serious rock music CD collection!!
B00004R99E|5.0|UPDATED and RE-POSTED on THURSDAY 9/24/15 for grammar, punctuation, and quality (original review was written by me at 16yrs on February 6, 2001):<br /><br />  I've seen this movie so many times I lost count! It's one of the most underrated Disney films, and one of its best.  Although it was criticized at the time of its released for being overly sentimental and for Goofy being unsympathetic to Max,  those criticisms miss the point and heart of the film which shows the struggles between a teen son and his father very well in a very sincer (though exaggerated) way.<br /><br />  A Goofy Movie uses the back drop of summer vacation and the fear of your son becoming a delinquent or worse, in an exaggerated Goofy fashion to show the pains of growing up, and how sometimes a chasm grows between parents and their child.<br /><br />  This film always range true with me because this is not far off from how I felt about my mom at times, and our relationship both suffered and flourished because of road trips.  Although I always had two parents, my father was mostly absent due to working grave yard shifts, so my mom mostly took care of us.  I definitely felt like Max, not wanting to be like my mother, but at the same time, knowing it was a little bit useless because I was her daughter, it was bound to happen.<br /><br />  That is really the heart of this film, the songs in this, even during the Powerline sequences, really grow the characters.  Especially &#34;Open Road&#34; and &#34;Nobody Else but You&#34;, the former shows the chasm between the two characters, and the latter shows how they choose reconcile those differences and embrace their similarities and &#34;Goofiness&#34;.<br /><br />  A favorite sequence which really shows how things that were enjoyable for you as a child, may not be enjoyable for your teenager, is the scene at &#34;Possum Park&#34;, which is a little heart breaking, but also a lot of fun.<br /><br />  Goofy movie is a film that shows that when you try to see things from the other person's perspective, your relationship can flourish.<br /><br />  God Bless ~Amyrson's perspective, your relationship can flourish.        God Bless ~Amy
0195117298|2.0|Bummer presentation with no pedagogical structure/path. Just not presented well. But a very unique and riveting hypothesis...
6305537798|5.0|UPDATED and RE-POSTED on THURSDAY 9/24/15 for grammar, punctuation, and quality (original review was written by me when I was 16yrs on February 1, 2001).  I love that Julie Stiles, Heath Ledger(RIP), and Joseph Gordon-Levitt all went on to have pretty stellar careers.  I hated the ABC Family series though, it ruined all of characters and totally changed the story, I am so glad it tanked:<br /><br />ORIGINAL REVIEW:<br />Some people probably wont want to watch this because its a romantic teen comedy,but 10 Things I hate about you is different is a step above most teen flicks (New Comment 9/24/15:  At the time this was released it was underrated, but it along with &#34;She's All That&#34; revived the Teen Genre, which produced some good and some bad movies, but it was a fun time.) .  The cast include the aspiring actress Julia Stiles,Heath Ledger, Joseph Gorden Levitt, Larissa Oleynik,and Andrew Keegan. Together they create this funny and ridiculous yet realistic movie.<br /><br />This is basically an updated version of taming of the shrew.  We have the misfit Kat who alienates all men with her bad attitude and her sister Bianca whom is the complete opposite.  What makes this movie better than &#34;She's All That&#34; is the acting is much better, the script is better, and the character changes are actually believable.  The humor is juvenile, but appropriately so, from the snarky and romance novelist Guidance Counselor to the soccer teacher/detention teacher.  Not to mention Andrew Keegan's often over-the-top performance as an aspiring model.  It all works together very well, and never feels insincere.<br /><br />God Bless ~Amy
B00003CXN4|5.0|There's a scene early in Traffic in which a group of preppy teenagers basically ramble on about nothing and snort cocaine. It's a fascinating, disturbingly gritty, and brutally realistic scene, but it also makes you think about why kids take drugs to  begin with. Kids don't shove sticks of marijuana into other kids' mouths and make them take it at gunpoint, like many people think. No, this scene suggests that it's much more casual than that. All these kids, in their isolation and boredom, are connected, and drugs seem to further that connection. These are the kinds of things you think about throughout, and long after, Traffic, Steven Soderburgh's brilliant, gripping, thought-provoking new film that grapples with the drug war. It tells three separate stories (which, since I have limited space, I'm not going to go into; they're posted on the offcial review), and Soderburgh's, working from Stephen Gaughen's taut, brainy, wonderful adaptation of the Brtish miniseries Trffik (which was over six hours long), directs brilliantly. He uses different hues and colors for his different stories (ice blue for Ohio and D.C., sandy yellow for Mexico, etc.), and while it takes a few minutes to adjust to his style (colors, jump cuts, etc.), it ultimately proves to set a magnificent mood and tone for the film. He keeps the two and a half hour film fascinating (compared to the hour and a half Head Over Heels, the time flies), and he juggles his three stories superbly, each of them fascinating as they slowly intertwine. And Soderburgh lets a outstanding cast shine. Douglas, in his second great performance of the year, shines as Robert Wakefield, Erica Krisstensian (sp?), in a brave perforamnce, pulls no punches as Douglas's druggie daughter. Catherine Zeta Jones is a revelation. She is at first tender and vulnerable, slowly becoming a shrewd, ruthless businessman, in a wonderful transformation. Don Cheadle, Luz Guzman, etc.; all outstanding. And Benicio Del Toro, wearing sags under histired eyes like badges of survival, gives a quietly powerful, deeply haunting performance. But ultimately, this is Soderburgh's film, and he asks many tough questions and tells us a bleak truth: that as long as drugs are woven into the fabric of Americana, as long as there's corruption and greed, as long as there's supply and demand, the drug war can't be won. Yet Soderburgh also implies that the only way to beat drugs is personally, one addict at a time. It's this little ray of sunlight amidst the storm that gives Traffic heart as well as brains, and makes it one of the best pictures of the year.   A
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem has really made the world snap into reality. Hell yeah this cd is gonna hurt some people, but the truth hurts and he tells is like it is. All of the songs are witty and truthful. In all of his tracks he releases bits and bits of his mind to the whole world, and it might hurt people but thats the way he is. ... I think this CD really expresses the way &quot;Marshall&quot; is and what impression he is trying to make. I dont reccomend this for people who like britney spears or christina aguilera, but i do reccomend this cd for people who dare to hear to truth and the best rapper ever!dy, we see Stan as someone who, like Eminem, had an abusive father, and unlike Em, is actually a tortured closet homosexual, or at the very least, has a serious case of admiration turning into spurned adoration (does anyone seriously think a fan of Eminem's would also be a huge Phil Collins fan?). Thus, I can't seriously believe that Eminem's gay-hating lyrics on the rest of the album are anything but macho posturing... these lyrics are too raw and real. Between letters from Stan to Eminem and Em's response to Stan, a verse from Dido's song \\"Thank You\\" plays to ghostly effect as rain falls in the background. In the music video, it is Stan's neglected girlfriend singing this verse ... the words actually come from Stan's soul, the subtext (at least his first) fan letter: \\"The morning rain clouds hurt my window/ But I can't see at all/ Even if I could, it'd all be grey/ But your picture on my wall/ It reminds me that it's not so bad/ It's not so bad.\\" The song is Eminem's undeniable artistic prowess at work, and shows that he is, in fact, possessed of some conscience. <br />Then, near the other end of the album, we have 'Kim'. The song is a prequel to the aforementioned ' `97 Bonnie and Clyde', where Mathers takes his daughter along while he buries the body of his murdered wife, Kim. As disgusting as that thought was, the whole song was carried off with a very cool, dark humor (perhapsbecause the events took place after the fact and his lame attempts at trying to reassure his daughter) and it worked in the context of the over-the-top _Slim Shady LP_. Here, however, we get all of Mathers' rage, his wife's desperate pleading (voiced, of course, by Eminem), and the explicit sounds of her murder while Eminem screams \\"BLEED, B----, BLEED!!!\\". This isn't just a confessional for Eminem: he's calling all of his fans on their crap for finding all of this oh-so amusing. It's not just Kim in that car ride to the forest... we're all along for the ride. (\\"Does this look like a big joke?!\\", he screams at her, and us.) This has to be the single most difficult song I've ever heard. It's violent, awful, and must be heard.<br />The rest of the album is filled with songs deriding the fickleness of fame and fans, the artistic void that are today's pop bands, and clever derisions of the media for blaming school shootings on Eminem and the like. Like the brilliant \\"South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut\\" of last year, `The Marshall Mathers LP' is a foul-mouthed shout at the world to put the blame where it is needed for violence: parents. (This would seem to be flatly contradicted by the events in \\"Stan\\", but the character Stan was almost-certainly unstable before he Eminem's over-the-top first album gave a voice to his rage.) <br />\\"The Real Slim Shady\\" and \\"The Way I Am\\" are a couple of great, clever, funny pop-rap songs, that hit all the right targets. Any time Dr. Dre wants to team up with Eminem is fine by me, so \\"B---- Please II\\" is another favorite of mine on the album, as is the very-explicit \\"Kill You\\".<br />\\"The Marshall Mathers LP\\" is definitely not for the easily-offended, but for fans of rap, funny political and social commentary, and just plain great writing, it is highly recommended. If nothing else, listen so you can weigh in intelligently on the controversy.
0553573403|5.0|I picked up A Game of Thrones after I saw a post on the internet, made by a fellow fan of Terry Goodkind, that described how that reader thought Martin's work was more brutal than Goodkind's.  So I figured I had to see that to believe it.  And what began as a quest for violent fantasy turned into a discovery of a fantastic series.<br />By the time I was halfway through A Game of Thrones I already knew that I would want to read every volume in the series and went out and purchased the next two.  I finished the first volume last night and went right into the second.  It is definitely a gripping saga.  I've been recommending the series to my friends and a few of them are still acting skeptical but I think they are just afraid to admit that I was right.  Heh.<br />The deceptions and the conspiracies within the flowing plotline keep the readers locked in for long, page-turning nights.  It eventually got to the point for me that I HAD to know the outcome of the situations that arose.  I wanted to see some of the more sinister characters get what they truly deserved.<br />I am a huge fan of Frank Herbert's Dune and the complex worlds and houses within, the Duniverse as some fans refer to it.  So the political intrigue in Martin's novels was an aspect that caught my attention right off.  As a personal preference of mine, the more characters there are, the better.<br />So if you enjoy &quot;mature fantasy&quot; and a complex plotline that encompasses a large number of characters, then I highly recommend George R. R. Martin's &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; saga.
0385495323|5.0|Mr. Singh has managed again to tell an enthralling tale not just of the history of codes, but of the evolution of code theory and how they have grown together over the past thousand years.  This is an extremely well-written text that focuses not just on the history of code making or the theory behind it, but tells both stories at once in a lively and engrossing manner.  This book is a true page turner, not just because it is so interesting, but also because it is so educational.<br />The book is laid out in four basic sections, codes before machines, codes with machines before computers, the breaking of &quot;language&quot; codes, and encryption with computers.  The first part talks about the earliest basic codes, used by the Romans and Renaissance courts which were conquered with basic frequency analysis and other slightly more elaborate methods.  The discussion of mechanized encryption focuses on the cracking of the German Enigma machine in WWII and the situations that led up to it.  As always, Mr. Singh tells the essentials of the story in a fast-paced manner while not losing sight of the fundamental analysis and theory behind the work that was done.  The third section regarding the cracking of language codes is introduced through WWII Navajo code-talkers, and Mr. Singh then walks us through the decipherment of Egyptian hieroglyphics and the Linear B scripts of ancient Greece.  The fourth section discussing encryption in the age of computers is absolutely fascinating.  The description of the solving of &quot;key distribution&quot; problems was amazing, and I am happy to now finally understand the importance of large prime numbers with regards to modern data encryption.  There is also a brief fifth section, in which the author discusses quantum encryption theory and discusses some of the significant advances that have occurred in this field.<br />There are some astounding themes which resonate throughout this book (1) the amazing co-development that occurred between private and public sector encryption agencies, and the tremendous silence of government agencies as their &quot;secrets&quot; became public knowledge, (2) the methods in which these encryption problems were attacked in an organized fashion, especially during war times, bringing together analytical minds of many different backgrounds, and finally (3) the way in which this teamwork was ultimately trumped through the breakthrough of a single individual who merely saw things differently and digested the problem in a few simple steps.  There are many solid lessons about problem solving in this book.<br />Mr. Singh's first book, &quot;Fermat's Enigma&quot; was outstanding.  It is amazing to see that he has replicated his success.  &quot;The Code Book&quot; is very much worth reading.en private and public sector encryption agencies, and the tremendous silence of government agencies as their &quot;secrets&quot; became public knowledge, (2) the methods in which these encryption problems were attacked in an organized fashion, especially during war times, bringing together analytical minds of many different backgrounds, and finally (3) the way in which this teamwork was ultimately trumped through the breakthrough of a single individual who merely saw things differently and digested the problem in a few simple steps.  There are many solid lessons about problem solving in this book.<br />Mr. Singh's first book, &quot;Fermat's Enigma&quot; was outstanding.  It is amazing to see that he has replicated his success.  &quot;The Code Book&quot; is very much worth reading.
B000023X9W|4.0|I do like this album a lot but, I think neil had too many Irons in the fire on this one.Wasen't Neil right in the midst of the c.s.n.y. reunion thing, when this was released?I heard somewhere that this was just a bunch of songs he had written and never recorded.I am a Neil young fan to the bone so I cant knock his work. I realy do like it all except, &quot;lucky thirteen&quot; what was he thinking? This album touched my soul as most of neils work doe's but it just didn't draw me.If you like Neil young you'll dig this album.If you are new to his music try Harvest or After the gold rush.What kind of fan would I be if I didn't own all the mans work anyway? I do recommend this album.
B00003CWL6|2.0|Every now and then you see a film you initially think of as ground-breaking, until you start to think about it.  American Beauty is such a film.  What most bothered me about this film was its message that those of us in suburbia are repressed hypocrites who secretly hate our lives.  Perhaps most disturbing was its portrayal of Marine Colonel Frank Fitz as a pseudo-Nazi who abuses those around him--this is (yet another) thinly veiled slap by Hollywood at the military.  When all is said and done, this movie really says nothing of substance about American society.  If you want to see the best example of film as social commentary, I recommend &quot;Fight Club.
0451450523|2.0|I read this book because its recommended to readers of Watership Down and The Hobbit, (two exceptional classics.) I wasn't able to understand why the books would even have been compared.  I am sorry to say I can't understand why this book has such good feedback.  Its not a terrible book, the writing is decent, and I suppose there is some depth, but nothing to brag about.  I found the plot to be somewhat UNcaptivating, but its an easy and fast read so I was able to get through it without much pain.  I don't know what age group it was written for, but I thought that there were a few images too scary for anyone below the age of 8.  Then again, I cant see what's there for someone past the age of 14. Of course everyone is different and I don't remember what scared me at 6 and 7.  I read the book a few months ago, and have since read many more (nearly all better) books, so it isn't in my head to much anymore, but I would call it somewhat of a waste of time.  I would like to recommend I book that would certainly stay in the memory of a Watership Down fan, and that's THE BOOK OF THE DUN COW.  Its an animal kingdom tale, more mythological than fairytale, extremely well written and charming, and always exciting.  Skip this story and check out THE BOOK OF THE DUN COW.
0679882820|5.0|My twin girls absolutely love this book - the world stops when I pick up this book and read the title.  Once or twice the girls have caught me mentioning this title in conversations and stared until I read it. You'll have fun, too, with the silly sounds. I never really noticed that rain goes &quot;dibble dibble dopp&quot; until I read Mr. Brown.
B00002E224|4.0|Jessie and Celine only have one night together, but they cram two weeks worth of conversation and romance into that night. Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are great as the young lovers torn between responsibility and fate. The two talk the night away as they discover Vienna and each other. I had a similar experience with a French girl on holidays. We saw each other EVERY day she was in town, and her last three days here were spent living at my place. Sending her home was VERY emotional and came out of left field for me. Some people just &quot;click&quot; and I didn't believe it until it slapped me in the face. My point is that these things really do happen. I still talk to her all the time and she may move here soon. My one gripe is that Jessie and Celine would have exchanged a lot of contact information to see each other again someday. Oh well...Great movie with a great script! Own this one if you've ever loved so bad it hurts.
0385493622|5.0|&quot;Fermat's Enigma&quot; is a thought provoking, page-turning discussion of the history and theory behind one of mathematics oldest puzzles.  Mr. Singh does a brilliant job of outlining the many attempts over the years to solve Fermat's enigma and discuss the theories that were advanced along the way.  And I do mean &quot;discuss&quot; the theories as the author does do more than just give the complimentary and cursory overview of the math, but actually takes time to explain and educate the reader about some of the advances in number theory that occurred over the course of solving this puzzle.  There are multiple sections of the text that require several readings to digest, but this is due to the complexity of the subject matter, and not to the author's prose. Mr. Singh explains the principles clearly and concisely, using metaphors where appropriate and always putting things in  appropriate historical context.<br />I first read this book in 1998 and came back to it only recently after having completed Mr. Singh's second work, &quot;The Code Book.&quot; Both are masterpieces of educated scientific and mathematical history which do more than recount dates and names but actually outline the theory and substance behind these amazing accomplishments.  This is a great book and I could not recommend it any more highly.
B00000J7J4|5.0|If you buy this cd for only one song: Love of My Life, do so.  But wait, there's more.  A whole lot more.  Get this best of Santana cd now.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|David Scott Roberts review (See above) inadvertently proves the point of those criticising this film's bastradisation of history. Alan Turing, the inventor of the computer, was not based at Princeton University, USA, but at Kings College Cambridge, UK. Now what were you saying about films like this not affecting the lamentably ignorant US publics' views of history??
0790736039|5.0|This book, this film, is a masterpiece.<br />First, it works on the fears and frights all children have, but those fears and frights are all dressed up as something they like, as a clown, so friendly-looking, so attractive, and yet IT is a fiend. Here King multiplies those fears so much, due to the fact that there are SEVEN children, six boys and one girl, that we get lost in the real labyrinth this book builds.<br />Second, it analyzes those children in so many details, and it takes them thirty years later, unrealized for most of them, successful but totally unrealized, just empty shells, filled with oblivion and the impossibility to really be full and happy. That is the worst thing fear produces in a man or a woman, the impossibility to be happy and to fulfill his or her perspective, plan, project or future. He or she can maybe reach a certain level of fame, or art, or quality, but he or she cannot enjoy the happiness any man or woman should endeavour and deserve to get. IT is the anchor that forces us not to go all the way to the rising sun.<br />Third, intelligence, conquering energy and strength is in children because they believe the world is not what they want it to be, they believe the world is what it wants to be, IT wants it to be, that is to say a long perspective of suffering and terror, interspierced with some moments of light and life and communion. This communion is the power of humanity. And grown-ups never get to that level of unity because they are afraid of the others, of their neighbors, of death, of suspicion, of what other people may think of them.<br />Fourth, King invests the monster once again in the ground, underground. The monster is some kind of supernatural spider that needs to capture as many preys as possible every thirty years to be able to hibernate and live happily in its lair for the next thirty years. But then it has to come out again to feed and to replenish its cupboard with fresh meat and flesh.<br />The most interesting aspect of this book or this film is the distance in time between the children and the grown-ups they become. The distance enables us to measure time and change, and yet to recognize that change is only on the surface whereas the depth of humanity, the depth of society, the depth of human nature remains the same. Yet a simple thing, like a bicycle, is able to bring infancy and childhood back and to enlighten the present with the past, to refill our heads with memories, and memories are the fodder of our minds, the force that is driving us to the sun and success. We can only get somewhere if we can solve the problems of our past, if we can get over the blocking stones of our engines, if we can put aside the narrow blinders education has put on our eyes and if we finally can see the whole picture all around and not be reduced to the tunnel vision most of us only have.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IXct of this book or this film is the distance in time between the children and the grown-ups they become. The distance enables us to measure time and change, and yet to recognize that change is only on the surface whereas the depth of humanity, the depth of society, the depth of human nature remains the same. Yet a simple thing, like a bicycle, is able to bring infancy and childhood back and to enlighten the present with the past, to refill our heads with memories, and memories are the fodder of our minds, the force that is driving us to the sun and success. We can only get somewhere if we can solve the problems of our past, if we can get over the blocking stones of our engines, if we can put aside the narrow blinders education has put on our eyes and if we finally can see the whole picture all around and not be reduced to the tunnel vision most of us only have.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX
630512762X|1.0|I used to love John Woo. Hard Boiled and The Killer were so amazing and fresh when I saw them for the first time. Hong Kong crime cinema in the early 90's was a breath of fresh air. Now Woo is in America directing big named actors in big-budget Hollywood money making films...I'll stick to the early stuff, thanks. My friend LOVES this film. My friend also loves Pauly Shore films, so that doesn't mean much. If you want to see Nicolas Cage sent to a &quot;secret prison&quot; where everyone wears magnetic boots, buy this masterpiece! They trade faces and apparently bodies also. Woo uses his best stunts from his Hong Kong days as the two overpaid actors run around with double pistols killing everyone in sight except each other. The scene where 30 FBI agents are killed by one gun-slinging woman would be funny if it weren't so insulting to the men that train year-round for tactical combat situations. This movie made a ton of money, we all saw it and Hollywood has won once again! Hurray!
B0000542DG|5.0|I am Devon Sawas biggest fan so naturally, I had to see this movie. I wasn't looking forward to it cause I hate horror movies but I ended up seeing 3 times in one week at the cinemas! Devons great and gorgeous in it, the storyline fantastic and suspensful, the filmakings excellent and this is all warapped up by a great cast! See it, it'll change your life and DEATH!
B000051VWW|5.0|Extremely smooth chilled out music with great beats.
0684847248|5.0|Dr. Pecks book is a must read for anyone  trying to heal from a broken relationship.  His book profoundly changed my life when i first read it years ago, and I have sence given copies of it as a gift to  all my friends whenever that have gone through a relationships demise.  To this day I still refer to my dog-eared copy whenever I need a self-esteem pick me up, or perscpective as to lifes challenges.   While the secound half of the book deals with spirituality  if one is strong in their belief system it can be skipped over.  Regardless of your beliefs.. invest in this book!
6305363668|4.0|This is a film whose meaning changes with time. When it came out it was soft science-fiction and adventure. Ten years later it is completely different. Cloning men to produce slaves, with no past, no emotional growing, no infancy, no memories but also with a limited lifespan was a vague menace ten years ago. Today it is a reality. This cloning implies DNA manipulation and this is today perfectly possible. Then the film gets some renewed interest. If those clones have no past, they have no emotions, hence they are machines. Yet they are stronger than and as intelligent as normal people, which means they develop emotions on the basis of their present experience, hence they rebel because they want an answer to their fundamental question, viz. what is life and what is the meaning of their lives and the meaning of their early deaths. When they do not get those answers, they kill the boss of the corporation who produced them, their  father , rediscovering or reinventing the dipus complex. Then the film is no longer an adventure film but an ethically rebellious film. Bladerunners are those who chase and hunt the replicants that have dared come on earth. They don't kill them, they retire them. Ethically unacceptable because they are human, just like us. And this unethical action is emphasized by three elements : the disgust and sickness of the bladerunner of the film in front of killing  human beings , even if they are replicants ; the last act of the last and dying replicant that saves the bladerunner's life to have a witness to his death, to maybe show life is more important than death for him, or even his survival ; the love affair that develops into an elopement with the new generation of replicants who do no have any limitation on their lifespan. Replicants are able to develop feelings and emotions, to become human, even if it is not based on those simple things that are called puberty, adolescence, growth, family life, father and mother, etc. A human  machine  will necessarily develop a human psyche. This is particularly disquieting for us and it should make us think twenty times before trying to be God. Like God who was unable to prevent disobedience in his free-will beings, we will be unable to prevent human development in our intelligent creations. And these beings will overtake us. This is yet shorter than the same problem in the Dune novels, because the Duncans are created, cloned from the DNA of the original dead one, but they recuperate with that DNA all the memories of the original Duncan. DNA has a memory. And then the problem is the discrepancy between what the cloned Duncan remembers and what the world he is thrown into is. This questioning about clones will go on and will become more and more pressing and pregnant in the coming years. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.will necessarily develop a human psyche. This is particularly disquieting for us and it should make us think twenty times before trying to be God. Like God who was unable to prevent disobedience in his free-will beings, we will be unable to prevent human development in our intelligent creations. And these beings will overtake us. This is yet shorter than the same problem in the Dune novels, because the Duncans are created, cloned from the DNA of the original dead one, but they recuperate with that DNA all the memories of the original Duncan. DNA has a memory. And then the problem is the discrepancy between what the cloned Duncan remembers and what the world he is thrown into is. This questioning about clones will go on and will become more and more pressing and pregnant in the coming years. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B00000IMCW|4.0|I have to say that seeing &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot; after 20 years have passed has taken a bit of the shock appeal away from this film. As a 9-year old kid, I thought it was the epitome of gore &amp; horror. But having grown older and wiser, it's not really an all-out gorefest zombie doomsday film. It's really a dark-humored social slap at a materialistic society. But it's a great film beyond any shock value.<br />If you're looking for rotting, disgusting, worm-filled zombies, you'll be let down. Other than a handful of particularly gruesome corpses, the  majority of zombies look like stagehands who were beaten with effects supervisor Tom Savini's grandmother's powder puff kit. For the most part, they hardly look menacing. The real engine that drives this film is the storyline.<br />Right at the outset, we are shown a society that is overrun by the living dead. An assault team gets their ranks decimated by zombies in a battle at a housing project, and two of the men end up in a news helicopter with a reporter and her pilot. They travel to an airport to refuel, battle more zombies, and finally make it a suburban shopping mall. This is where all of the plot elements come together and really shine. Our four main characters set up shop inside the mall, clearing it of all the walking dead and making a nice little pad for themselves. They loot, pillage, rob, and live the good life in their new-found haven. But in the end, greed and materialism costs them dearly. It's well-done black humor.<br />&quot;Dawn&quot; has all the classic elements of the zombie genre: sharpshooters impaling zombies between the eyes; dashing and darting around hordes of the slow-moving monsters; entrails being ripped out and eaten; chunks of flesh being ripped out of arms,legs, and necks; and those unfortunate enough to be bitten by the creeps turning into cannibalistic undead themselves; even an annoying Hare Krishna zombie! Romero takes a broad slap at a greedy society, pompous scientists, grating reporters, trouble-making lowlifes, and a general public who, even in undeath, flock to the shopping mall like so many sheep. Very clever undertones to the storyline.<br />While I can't agree that &quot;Dawn&quot; is the ultimate horror film(that mantle, IMHO, belongs to John Carpenter's brilliant masterpiece &quot;The Thing&quot;), it is a true classic in it's own right. Do yourself a favor and get the director's cut, and follow it up with &quot;Day of the Dead&quot; &amp; &quot;Return of the Living Dead&quot;, the next two outstanding films in the series. From the original &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot;, up through &quot;Return of the Living Dead&quot;, the series truly is the strongest in the zombie genre.
B000056VIY|5.0|Jennifer Lopez followed up her debut 'On The 6' with an album so much stronger than the one before that it's almost shocking. She uses a diverse amount of styles, something she hasn't done on any of her other albums. R&B beats, pop choruses, Latin rhythm, and dance hooks all come together on one release. The album's four smash singles - 'Love Don't Cost A Thing', 'Play', 'I'm Real', and 'Ain't It Funny' showcase this fact.<BR>   The first single 'Love Don't Cost A Thing' is a slice of R&B infused pop, with a hooky chorus, it will leave you with the tune stuck in your head after a good listen or two. Then the next single 'Play' was like a total opposite to that, a dance single, the only similarity to the prior song was it's incredible catchiness. 'I'm Real' made for a hot third single, another cut of pop covered in R&B, a remix featuring Ja Rule took it to number one, and led to an album re-issue with his version tacked on the end. Fourth single 'Ain't It Funny' also got the same Ja Rule treatment, going from Latin pop at it's finest to an urban smash and the first single from Jennifer's massively succesful remix project 'J To Tha L-O!'.<BR>   Incredibly diverse, Jennifer Lopez released a killer when she released this sophmore set.
0790729725|3.0|A masterpiece such as this should really have a DVD version that does it some justice. The extras are virtually none existent.   There are two theatrical trailers, the usual cast and crew information(list of films etc) and the disc must be flipped halfway through. The fact that the scene selections are limited to 3,6,9,12 etc just reeks of sheer laziness. For fans of this film, I would not bother to buy this DVD. Either get it on VHS or wait till another better version is released.<br />  As for the film in itself, what can I say that has not already been said. Both the direction and the acting is superb. The soundtrack is excellent even for those who do not recognise the individual songs. What I really like about this film is the look in the eyes of the actors. Each of them seem to convey genuine emotion and the way the film is able to say so much with so little dialogue is one of its strengths. In that respect it is similar to the Godfather but is different in most other ways. I don't think it is fair to compare the two as they deal with completely different characters and situations. I would definitely recommend both films to get a full idea of top class filmaking. (It would have either 4 or 5 stars if not for the poor DVD quality)
B00000JPH6|4.0|'The Dark Crystal' is an exceptional movie because it is the pure product of Jim Henson's massive imagination and outstanding talents.  The incredible puppeteering and its seamless combination with costumed actors makes a movie that stands alone as a true original that has yet to be recreated, and may never be.<br />The story isn't bad.  The plot is predictable and the music is no different from any other movie that aspires to be the epic story of prophecy fulfilled.  But you can't tear your eyes from the film because of its beautiful, richly-detailed world.  Jim Henson and his team made thousands of puppets and props for the movie.  They were succesful in creating a perfectly-delivered,  believable fantasy world with distinguished characters you could care about set in intriguing, original environments.<br />All-in-all, the DVD is well worth buying.  But stay away from the nasty VHS.  This movie demands letterbox.<br />-- JJT
0060977493|5.0|This is unique literary accomplishment. The author's lyrical narrative flows as a stream of consciousness revelation. Her sentence structure has poetic license. Time is fluid. We are offered intriguing glimpses of her characters who describe themselves at one point as characters in a play. With her chapters as scenes, Ms. Roy draws us deeper and deeper into her book with the plot she spins. Her characters are interesting and the locale is exotic. They are Untouchables and Touchables, third world Communists, inbred Syrian Christians- Indians with modern attitudes that carry the influences of a colonial past, Marxism, and American culture impinging on the third world  in a set compete with native fauna and flora to add to the fascination. I especially enjoyed her droll humor-the irony she sees in small things and everyday situations. Overall however,the book's focus is several tragedies that are interconnected and their lifelong effects on the characters. As she says: &quot;Life can change in a moment.&quot; There is a lot of depth and meaning-take your time with these 321 pages...
B00000AFHM|5.0|When I first heard this album it struck me as somthing new and interesting.  But the same time I heard it I also heared Sean Lennon's Into The Sun, which I also found interesting and new.  But whatever fates moved me to buy The Boy With The Arab Strap, I do not know.  But nothing was better than smoking a joint in the car with my friend and then popping in this new CD from the most delightful group of Scots I have ever heard.  Belle and Sebastian are not for everyone.  But if you have a sensitive soul and an open ear find time for this album; you won't be disappointed.
B00004XQ83|4.0|One of the problems I have always had with movie soundtracks, is that I get caught up in a movie and its music, I run out and get the CD, and invariably find that I have paid 15 bucks for one good song (Get Shorty), the songs that I wanted were not on the CD (Empire Records), or the songs from the movie were slightly different, or did not evoke the same emotional response they did when I was watching the film.  I am almost positive, for example, that \\"I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow\\" had a much faster tempo in the movie then in did on the CD, but without the inspired accompanied mugging of George Clooney and the other Soggy Bottom Boys, I can't be sure. <BR><BR> Though not in the same league as Fargo or Raising Arizona, the Coen brothers have once again woven a tale full of characters, each outrageous in his or her own right, and each teetering on the edge of caricature and believability. Their dense and rich dialogue serves as a wonderful counterpoint to the sparse and simple music that offered hope to those living with little else in the post-depression era.  <BR><BR> Like Robert Duvall's \\"The Apostle\\", this soundtrack has exposed me to different kinds of traditional music that I otherwise would never have heard, and I am constantly amazed and delighted to learn that it exists.
B0000508U6|5.0|Amidst the fraternity raps and psychotic angst of 2000, Coldplay drifted from the U.K. like a warm breeze. The romantic longing in Chris Martin's voice can be felt through the speakers. The group's subtle beauty is keenly displayed in &quot;Yellow,&quot; but that's not even the album's finest track. &quot;Spies,&quot; a haunting tale of paranoia, has a ghostly allure that is irresistible. &quot;Don't Panic&quot; and &quot;Shiver&quot; are Bunnymen-bred dream rockers, and &quot;Trouble&quot; is a deeply moving ballad. Coldplay are truly something special. &quot;Parachutes&quot; is an unforgettable debut: in your CD collection, place it between Catherine Wheel and the Lotus Eaters. It may take a few spins for Martin's spiders to weave their web, but once you're caught, you can't let go.
B000002B35|1.0|This is not Pink Floyd. Why we need a new version of Dark Side? Why listen to the new Pink Stuff?  If you are a real Pink fan dont buy it. No more Gilmore, Gilmore no more.<br />Buy &quot;In the flesh&quot;<br />The biggest fan of Pink Floyd i am 46 years old.
B00004XONN|1.0|It is appaling to hear those who say this is new and original groundbreaking stuff.  I don't think so.  Just listen to Bartz, Laraaji, Vangelis, Larry Fast's Synergy, and Eno.  These soundscapes have been explored and created before.  Just because Thom Yorke mixes in some disjointed vocals and a bit of simplistic bass in there does not a groundbreaking release make!  This has got to be the most pretentious, boring carbon copy music i've ever heard.  A great cure for insomnia.  The masses have been fooled once again.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This movie recalls Europe at its peak and the holocaust, and pulls at our heartstrings with humor, love, fear, happiness, and sadness.  Emotionally Gripping.<br />People who enjoy this movie should DEFINITELY also buy &quot;The Monster&quot; (also known as &quot;Monstrous&quot;) by Benigni, where he stars as an unemployed man with a love interest who by a series of missteps is mistaken for a jack-the-ripper serial killer in his city.<br />After seeing several Benigni Movies, I now laugh uncontrollably and immediately if he shows up in ANY MOVIE SCENE IN ANY MOVIE.  That's how powerfully funny and talented this guy is !!
B000009QPQ|5.0|On their first follow-up to &quot;Hollywood Town Hall&quot;, the Jayhawks have produced a tapestry of heartache and whimsy, innocence and angst, that is peculiarly American-sounding. Combining their various influences---country, folk, classical, and blasting rock and roll---the boys from Minneapolis put them all through a blender and produce one hell of a milkshake. &quot;Blue&quot; opens the show with a plaintive ex-lover's lament; you can just about hear the poor fellow's heart smashing on the floor as she walks out of his life. &quot;Miss Williams' Guitar&quot; is surprisingly upbeat, even rollicking, which makes sense; it is a valentine to guitarist/singer Gary Olson's wife, singer-songwriter Victoria Williams, and has a sweetness and a strength that, no doubt, echo the lady herself. &quot;Ten Little Kids&quot; ends the album with the laughter and boundless of children---literally; you can hear them, joining in on the hijinks. Gary Louris, the other singer-guitar player, pitches in fine vocals along with partner Olson, and the songcraft couldn't be at a higher pitch. This record may have perplexed fans of the rocking &quot;Town Hall&quot;, with its emphasis on piano, violins, and acoustic guitars; one complete listen, though, and your cares will wash away, which is dsadly more than can be said of the lovelorn narrators in these wonderful, wistful songs. There just isn't enough that can be said about the Jayhawks; they are the modern heirs (and heiress, as their fiddle player happens to be a fetching young lass) to the Band, the Allmans, Willie Nelson, Bob Dylan, the Beatles, and loads of other artists, who have all been filtered through the group's artistic lens. Check 'em out, before the Food and Drug Administration officially declares them an addictive substance---which they are!
B000002UDB|5.0|Then listen to this. I was in Berkely in the 60s (I was a little kid, OK) and have hung with most of the ... out zonoids. This album captures an awful lot of that era in a way that's hard to describe. The exploration, the optimism, the weirdness, and the creepy undertones. But I still dig it. Peace out. If I have to explain, you'll never understand.
B000003BEM|5.0|There are good bands and there are great bands, and then there are the Rolling Stones, surely the greatest rock and roll band ever. Having emerged from the shadow of the Beatles in the first wave of the British Invasion, the lads from London struggled to remain true to their American R&amp;B roots, and still expand their repertoire to include catchy &quot;pop&quot;-sounding songs, as well as dip into their magic bag of influences, which were hardly all musical in nature. The record opens with the notoriously misunderstood &quot;Sympathy For The Devil,&quot; a hootchie-koo of Brazilian samba mixed with Charlie Watts' pummeling drums and Mick Jagger's bayou-witch vocals; the wonder of the song is that is so terrifying, so impossible to escape--and entirely played on acoustic instruments. The record takes you on a psychic tour of the Mississippi Delta, with folksy-woodsy numbers such as &quot;Factory Girl,&quot; &quot;No Expectations&quot; and the menacing &quot;Parachute Woman,&quot; before exploding, on side two, with &quot;Street Fighting Man,&quot; another acoustic song so powerful and controversial that American radio stations often banned it from airplay, and plowing all the way to &quot;Salt of the Earth,&quot; a kind of  common-man's anthem that owes at least as much to Reconstuction-era gospel and blues as it does to hippie anti-Vietnam War sentiments, which were bubbling to a boil, on both sides of the Atlantic. There is perhaps no finer record than this one, on which to sample the brilliance and majesty of the Stones. Keith Richards, considered a satellite to Jagger and Jones before this record, clearly emerges as its driving force, with his  razor-edged guitar riffs and unshakable sense of rhythm and melody; his burgeoning friendship with, and admiration of, American folk rocker Gram PArsons, who would shortly join Hendrix and Joplin on the growing list of rock's drug fatalities, inspired him to dunk the British band into the cool waters of American Southern music, with the glorious results audible on every track. &quot;Beggars Banquet&quot; simply cannot be ignored in any serious list of the greatest albums of rock; it's that good, it's that raw, it's that real, and it cannot be denied. As a commentary on the dying dreams of the Sixties and the emerging global impact of the Rolling Stones, it is absolutely indispensable. Please allow them to introduce themselves, they're men of wealth and taste---great musical taste!
B00004RFFI|5.0|Yes, this film is great, except, for the plot and some situations, but it's really almost excellent, and it's more enjoyable with DTS
158234082X|4.0|I highly recommend Bourdain's book to anyone genuinely curious about what goes on in the kitchens of those restaurants you love.  Be forewarned though - this is no culinary fairytale.  Its the straight dope, albeit but one opinion, on how a dozen prepare nightly meals for 200 or more.  But remember friend, true love is not a fairytale.  Its believing that a thing, even while knowing all its faults, is worthy of our time and passion.  And in the end, this is I believe what Bourdain shows us of professional cuisine.
B00003CXAR|5.0|&quot;Jaws&quot; it's probably Spielberg's best film, and i have it on DVD, the Dolby Digital Surround Sound version, and it's fantastic, but from the begging i was suspecting thatthere was a DTS version and now i discover that i was right, well Cinescape was right, now i don't know what i am going to do with the Dolby Digitaln version, maybe sell it and buy the DTS version.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I would call Dido and her album &quot;No Angel&quot; the best discovery of 2000. When I first heard &quot;Here With Me&quot; on the radio it blew my mind away. What a beautiful voice! It reminded me Sarah McLachlan but with a charming softness in it (don't get me wrong, I love Sarah!). And the song was great. But I couldn't catch the singer's name for a week so I struggled trying to find it on a radio but with no luck. I even thought it was Tara MacLean. So I went to her concert and realized it wasn't her song that I was looking for. But I liked her stuff too and bought her album. And when I was checking it out on amazon.com I looked up at the section &quot;customers also bought&quot; and that's where I found Dido.  &quot;No Angel&quot; has this magic vibe that keeps you up through the whole record. It's not a party music. It makes you think but without being too sophisticated. Dido's beautiful voice gently melts in it. The selection of songs is great and ALL! of then are written by her. There is not a single song on this record that I liked less than the others but there are favorites too: &quot;Here With Me&quot;, &quot;Thankyou&quot;,&quot;My Lover's Gone&quot;, &quot;No Angel&quot;...( If I don't stop I will name all the songs :o). I strongly recommend this album to people who like good (good quality) music. This is a masterpiece! No doubt 5 stars!!!
0783230710|4.0|I love this movie, but it's kinda of boring, but with DTS, there's more excictment.
B0000041JU|4.0|A terrific performance, marred by Deutche Grammphon's recording engineers. Pogorelich does breathes new life into the work, only to have his vision diminished by cloudy, experimental sound engineering. Sadly, the same can be found in Pletnev's recording of Prokofiev on the same label. Mid range chords are lost, the sound levels are inconsistent. Casual listener's using their car stereos, such as perhaps the last reviewer, will not notice the problem. Serious fans of the artist and of classical music, who realize that each note in interpretations such as these is essential (and who know there will likely never be another recording for posterity), have to be sadenned.
B00000I600|5.0|If you're up at three AM, high, waisted, with liquor breath and cigarette stenched body odor, and you're looking for something to listen to, try this.  Walk down yr dark lit streets which are splattered with neon lit puddles and listen to this on your walkman.  Or don't.  Because the life you lead is maybe like the one talked about in the songs on this album, so maybe you don't need to, you already know what it's like.  Or maybe you do need to listen, because it will relieve your soul of the weight that it holds, that it restrains and holds in its pocket.  Can not you feel the glory inside, the tense struggling of your light and heavy sides, that is, good and evil?  Are you not one with the darkness?  Can you see my breath in your face when I kiss you?  Dust streams out light heaven bread in heaven death kiss night island wonderful twilight blizzard streaks the sky and dies.  Will you not be with me tonight in this lost star of light?  Blind cats and rats and Sam the butcherman is alive tonight with fright.  Hand me the hammer, wind down the clock and listen to me.  These are the feelings you will feel when listening to this album.
B0000041JU|4.0|A terrific performance, marred by Deutche Grammphon's recording engineers. Pogorelich does breathes new life into the work, only to have his vision diminished by cloudy, experimental sound engineering. Sadly, the same can be found in Pletnev's recording of Prokofiev on the same label. Mid range chords are lost, the sound levels are inconsistent. Casual listener's using their car stereos, such as perhaps the last reviewer, will not notice the problem. Serious fans of the artist and of classical music, who realize that each note in interpretations such as these is essential (and who know there will likely never be another recording for posterity), have to be sadenned.
B00005613Q|5.0|This is BIG COLOSSUS MONSTER MUSIC and THIS ALBUM ROCKS! Picking up where his last studio album Who Else? left off, Jeff Beck turns up the fire even more on his new release You Had It Coming (Epic). Sure, those electro urban dance funk club rhythms underscore a number of tunes but so what? This material is 100% stronger on all points than the material on Who Else? (Depending what your taste is). Believe me, I like the latter, but compared to this album that was just the appetizer and this is the BIG main course. Those who though Jeff forgot how to whip out lighting fast guitar runs are in for a surprise. Listen to the fade on &quot;Left Hook&quot;. Those series of runs are blazing fast and played with accuracy and cleanliness not sloppiness. I wish that lead run was not on the fade and there was more of those on these songs, but that's life. &quot;Rollin' And Tumblin' gets a back to the roots classic rock approach like the Jeff of the Beck, Bogart, Appice period with the vocals handled by a new young  British singer Imogen Heap who's whiskey dry voice is the perfect fuel to this powerhouse workout. As for Jeff on this song he whips the slide and slashes razor sharp! Other smokers to rave about?  &quot;Roy's Toy, &quot; &quot;Dirty Mind,&quot; guitarist Jennifer Batten's tune &quot;Earthquake&quot; and the beautiful Indian song &quot;Nadia&quot;.  I can go on and on but I said enough. GET THIS CD AND PLAY IT LOUD! A.
B00004Z459|5.0|This cd is awesome!  It's a must to have in your cd collection.  Limp Bizkit doesnt even compare with Linkin Park.  First off, Linkin Park never really curses in there songs and they also have meaning in their songs.  Their is NOT one bad song on this whole cd.  Just spend the 14 bucks or whatever it is and buy this cd.
6305546789|5.0|Go ahead, I dare you, I dare you to watch this movie by yourself, during the fall with the with the lights turned off and then decide to walk down your long driveway to take the garbage out to the curb. It just can't be done.  This is the movie that started the Halloween series and also spawned many imitation horror flicks, but the original John Carpenter's Halloween is truly a timeless and tireless horror movie that does it all with minimal gore,sex, and foul language. Instead it uses atmosphere, suspense, great acting(Pleasence,Curtis)and directing, and a totally unforgettable music score.  This movie is brought back to full life on the THX mastered DVD. The picture ad sound quality go above and beyond what you would think from a movie made in 1978. Great special features compliment the disc. See this favorite horror film the way it was meant to be seen and don't forget t take the trash out before going to bed. I dare you!!!!!
0783225547|4.0|Dantes Peak is a well told story with good characters and outstanding special effects.The only problem is one ridiculous scene where they drive a car over lava(the tires would have burst in the first second).A directors cut should remove this absurd scene and you would have a perfect action flick.
B00004XQ83|5.0|After seeing the movie I was curious about the music I heard which enhanced the charm of the movie and found this CD. What a wonderful mix of gospel,country and bluegrass! I could not have asked for a better combo of voices such as Gillian Welch, Alison Krauss and Emmylou Harris and others who were new to me. What a great tune by the Soggy Bottom Boys! I listened to the whole thing again and again.
1580601057|5.0|My favorite book of all time, I've read it 9 or 10 times since I was about 12.  Each character has its own personality and the suspense towards the end is *really* great.  It's not just a book about rabbits, I wish people would look past that more.  To be able to write a book starring rabbits and to do such a good job and become a best-seller, it must be well-written.  I was so in love with it that I bought the movie.
B00004VWAF|4.0|Definitely much different from the standard Western linear approach to jazz improvisation. The tunes don't really &quot;go&quot; anywhere. Soloists don't stand out in the foreground, and they don't politely wait to take their turn. Instead the emphasis is on the collective enterprise. And let's not forget, this album is very funky -- definitely a precursor to acid jazz, hip-hop, etc. Actually I get the same feeling from listening to this album that I get when I listen to Gnawa trance music or Indian music (both African and Indian elements are heavily represented on the album). Listen to this if you have open ears and an open mind.
6302642256|5.0|Excellent movie.  My husband, myself and our teen daughter loved this movie.  Luckily I was fortunate enough to purchase it here on VHS when it was still available. I would like to see it on DVD also. Like the previous reviewers, I found myself wanting &quot;The Dark Crystal&quot;.  A while back, it too was not available.  I wrote an email to Jim Henson studios asking if they planned to release it.  I was told &quot;NO&quot;, but lo and behold, a few months later I bought it here and on DVD at that.  Send e-mails to Disney asking if they plan to re-release it. It can't hurt.
B00001ODHJ|5.0|Not only do I love the movie(s) but Bruce Campbell is one of my favorite actors. The commentary is hilarious and the other extra features are pretty cool too. The Evil Dead movies are the best cult classic horror movies ever.
B000003TA9|5.0|Countless critics site Daydream Nation as Sonic Youth's premier album, but I would choose Dirty.  My love for Sonic Youth stems from the layers they add to a simple Rock/Pop song while still making it accessible to the general public, and not the elitest artist or musician.  For me, Dirty is that album.  It shows you can be different, but still write beautiful music.  Take &quot;Sugar Kane&quot; or &quot;Purr&quot;.  Both tracks contain elements of pop masterpieces, but in the style of Sonic Youth.  <br />My favorite track on the album is &quot;Chapel Hill&quot;, which is a great example of Sonic Youth in general.  It's a well written rock song broken up by a minute and a half of guitar solo in the form of noise and distortion.  Also wonderful is &quot;Theresa's Sound-World&quot;, a track that opens quietly and builds into an intense wall of distorted guitars.<br />If you don't own a single Sonic Youth album but you're still big into early Alternative artists like Nirvana, Smashing Pumpkins or the Pixies, pick up Dirty.  Or, if you're into Built To Spill, Pavement, Yo La Tengo, Modest Mouse... and for some reason don't have this album, you should.  Sonic Youth is, no doubt, listed as an influence of all these groups.  This is Sonic Youth's best selling album for a reason, and that reason is that it's one of the most appealing album to mainstream rock fans.  This album (or Experimental...) is a great starting point for someone who doesn't own a Sonic Youth album.
B000001F76|5.0|Hank Williams was one of music's greatest talents ever,period! I can't think of any other artist who got to the core of the human condition in his lyrics as effectively as Hank.How this poor boy from the American deep south created one of the greatest bodies of work in music in such a short space of time (1947 - 1953) is beyond me,it was almost like he was a conduit for all the emotions people suffer and was then able to express them in a simple yet devastating way.His life was full of problems (he had woman troubles,alcohol abuse was rife, and he was also addicted to drugs (some say this was to alleviate a painful back condition that he also suffered from).This lifestyle eventually took it's toll and by 1953 he was dead of a drug overdose (his life was almost a blueprint for the decadent rock lifestyle that was to follow).After his death Hank's magnificent body of work was treated apallingly by the record companies who added strings and overdubbs to his songs to make a quick buck (avoid these compilations at all costs).Now however his back catalogue is being treated with the respect it deserves.This is a compilation that has no added strings but just the hits as they were intended to be heard.Every one of the forty tracks here is an undisputed,timeless classic!There is not one weak track.You're cheating heart,You win again,I'm so lonesome I could cry,Hey good lookin',I'll never get out of this world alive, etc. (one classic follows another).Stop reading and go out and buy this compilation (if you've got a soul you won't be disappointed).However,for an artist of this magnitude only one compilation will truly doe him justice and that is the magnificent 10 cd boxset (the complete Hank Williams)which contains nearly everything he ever recorded plus an excellent book and photographs.A body of work that Shakespeare would have been proud of.HAUNTING!
B00004XQ83|5.0|Enjoyed this very much. Before what we now country music,this was it. Music like this is what got it all started and what I grew up listing to. I hope maybe along with the movie maybe others will decide to listen to the old folk and bluegrass music as we call it now......
6305603847|3.0|The Wall is without a doubt one of Pink Floyd's most ambitious works. The movie however is not as good. The cartoonish animation is silly and the main character seems nothing more than a stoned out rock star who I didn't have much sympathy for. This is perhaps the one weakness of an otherwise great concept album. The DVD is loaded with nice features  and has the typically excellent sound that Pink Floyd releases are known for. The appeal of The Wall is universal in that WE ALL put walls around ourselfs to hide our darkside and suffering so the movie certainly has its merits. Comming from a broken home myself the album has personal relevance to me which is why I purchased the movie. Some of the visuals compliment the music well while others fall short of expectations. Ultimately it's worth seeing and the DVD is worth buying. However, I can't help but wonder if they should waited a while before pursuing this project. Better technology, better directing, and a more defined script could have turned this into one of the most interesting movies of our time. If you like the album don't hesitate to check this out. However, like many great books and concept albums, the movie adaptations of them often fall short. This is no exception but at least the attempt was made and for that I will give credit to all who tried to make this a good movie which at times it is. However, this could have easily been made much better which is why it's appeal will always be limited to hardcore fans.
630414542X|2.0|First off, the video is not very good. Might even be worse than VHS (it pixelates! They probably compressed it too much). The sound is very good in a few parts, but overall, the audio-visual experience is pretty bleh. As for the movie itself... I actually found myself laughing at a few scenes that were just so cliche! Kicking, screaming ladies, grunting bad guys and really bad makeup effects (took me a while to realize caked mud on your face is supposed to make you look old). Lambert was dubbed over by at least five people. See this movie for laughs, and don't take it too seriously. Sorry if I offended any die-hards, but I used to love this movie when I was younger. Now I'm embarrased I bought it on DVD.
0553106635|5.0|This book is hard to put down and harder to forget.   Each book of this series gets better and better instead of becoming drawn out and repetitive like so many others.  &quot;Song of Fire and Ice&quot; now ranks as one of my two favorite fantasy series along with the &quot;Memory, Thorn, and Sorrow&quot; books by Tad Williams.  The grizzly details are what didn't make this my far-and-away favorite.  However, that's just a reflection of my personal taste and doesn't affect my vote because the goriness was so skillfully done ... in fact, my sqeamishness is evidence of the incredibly visceral quality of Martin's writing.   The characters are fascinating and convincing.  The political intrigue and plot twists are brilliantly conceived and executed.  The visual imagery is vivid and breathtaking.  A &quot;must read&quot;.  WOW!
B00003CXBK|5.0|When I put this in, I was sucked in like a strawberry in a milkshake! It's true -- it's a cartoon because it couldn't be done properly with special effects. The soundscape and visuals are spectacular, and what's even more incredible is that they belong that way. No effects for effects sake. <br />My wife, who scoffs at cartoons shut me up when I walked in while she was watching it (I had to force her to watch it in the beginning).<br />This movie is an event. It doesn't deserve to be rated. It's too good. The images will keep popping up in your mind long after you've watched it. I'm going put it on the same shelf as the Hobbit.
B00003CXAY|5.0|Both Koyaanisqatsi and Powaqqatsi beg for a DVD release. Their compelling images, powerful soundtracks, and political underpinnings deserve that sort of distribution. If the polemics of these films is sometimes a little too simplistic (&quot;nature good; man bad; ugh!&quot;), the specifics of the imagery are powerful and rich enough to encourage even the cynic to question the realtionship of humans to nature. While pressing all this digitally onto unrecyclable discs of plastic has a certain irony, that only deepends the value of the dialogue.
B00004Z459|1.0|this really depresses a.mack: he now believes that the rock played on radio today is now worse than the pop. this is music made by maggots to be listened to by sheep ps- the only good thing that coulod come out of this is that it may hammer the stake into the incontinent walking corpse of nu-metal, thus bringing the worst rock genre since poodle 'one step closer' to its inevitable demise and death. hooray
B00004ZAV3|5.0|if u r n e kind of beatles fan at all u will luv dis cd
B00004Z459|1.0|this really depresses a.mack: he now believes that the rock played on radio today is now worse than the pop. this is music made by maggots to be listened to by sheep ps- the only good thing that coulod come out of this is that it may hammer the stake into the incontinent walking corpse of nu-metal, thus bringing the worst rock genre since poodle 'one step closer' to its inevitable demise and death. hooray
B00004ZB9D|5.0|Bottom line: The guy is a true artist.  Every song on this album comes straight from his soul.  Lenny Kravitz is easily one of the greatest singer/song-writers I've ever heard.  Songs like &quot;Again&quot; and &quot;It Aint Over 'Till it's Over&quot; will leave you dying for more.  If you have ever had an interest in buying a Lenny Kravitz album, this is the one to buy.  It truly defines the meaning of a great musician.  YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPOINTED.
B00004XMTJ|5.0|This movie was one of the most wonderful movies I have ever seen. My friends and I have become addicted to it. If we're not dancing to it we're singing the words. The actors in it were wonderful and the music was beautiful. Elaine Paige's &quot;Memory&quot; tugs at your heart. It made me cry. Andrew Lloyd Webber outdid himself with this one.  this play is truly amazing.It's too bad I never saw it on Broadway but since I'll never get that chance I'm happy settling for the movie. So.... &quot;Jellicle cats come one come all....&quot; and get lost in the remarkable world of cats that will stay with you forever!!!!!!
0783243499|2.0|The only thing good about &quot;American Psycho&quot; was Christian Bale's wonderful portrayal of the twisted Patrick Bateman. Otherwise, this movie went on and on aimlessly as we watch Batemen torment one victim after another until he has a nervous breakdown and then the movie ends.  This film has a promising plot, but is missing someting vital. It was an empty film. I suggest &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; if you want a better movie under the same genre.
B00004XMVH|1.0|Now that we've had a full generation of Americans who have not served in the armed forces, we're being subjected to foolish, overly-romanticized films like this.<br />Supposedly based on fact, this silly flick focuses on the efforts of a Navy submarine crew to capture one of the top secret Enigma code machines from a German U-boat during WWII.<br />The story of how the Allies cracked the Enigma code is a fascinating one, but you won't learn anything about it here. Instead you'll be subjected to the usual round of fiery explosions and machine gun fire that have come to characterize Hollywood films during the past 10 years -- no matter that they are historically and technically inaccurate. Add to that a wretched performance by Matthew McConaughey, who takes himself far too seriously, and you've got all the makings for a boring evening.
B000006ZL4|5.0|This is truly stellar recording that is perhaps not quite what you're expecting. I had heard that Symphony X was &quot;progressive metal&quot;, so I went in expecting something musically akin to Dream Theater or Spocks Beard or the like. However, this is not like that. This is REAL METAL, in the style of 80's Metallica and Malmsteen. The lyrics, on the other hand, are the kind of cheese that Dio made famous (and many say that vocalist Russell Allen sounds remarkably like RJD). That said, the keyboard talents of Michael Pinnella add another dimension to this band. The compositions are dominated by guitarist Michael Romeo's heavy riffing and Pinnella's keyboard swirls. I am not too big a fan of the lyrics, but Allen sings them with conviction. Thomas Miller on the bass and Jason Rullo on drums also do a commendable job. All of the songs are musically interesting, and several (Of Sin and Shadows, the title suite) feature some interesting and unique vocal harmonies. The standout track is undeniably the 20 minute title suite. It features some incredible playing and really shows off the band's instrumental prowess. Of Sin and Shadows, The Accolade, and Candlelight Fantasia are three other excellent tracks, and there is no clunker. A nice addition to any prog-metal fan's record collection.
B000003TA4|5.0|first of all, this album is perfection. it sounds slick and even till this day sounds fresh and upbeat. its pop covered in  early 90s alternative grunge with raw powerful vocals. anyone who ever said anything bad about nirvana is just proving that they have bad taste in music and hate them of the fact that they are tired of the silly fans they see in their classrooms and at their favorite home away from home, also know as the mall.the songs are catchy, the drums are at best perfect and clear as day, while the bass is full and upbeat. other than the fact we all know how dark kurt cobain was, this really is a feel good album. if you are new to nirvana ill just tell you that this album is a good starter for you, then if you like it i recommend their other more raunchy stuff. the follow up album to this &quot;in utero&quot; is a perfect blend of those features that appear on all of nirvanas albums.bottom line, no one ever said kurt cobain played guitar all that great and no one ever said the songs were complex. but the fact of the matter is that those things dont mean squat when you have dave grohl playing drums in your band and you have an ear for melody and the ability to write good songs.every song on this record are classic, but my favs are the lesser known ones like &quot;on a plain&quot; &quot;lounge act&quot; and &quot;something in the way&quot;
0451526295|4.0|If anyone reads this novel and forgets who Mrs. Norris and Mr. Rushworth are--I am amazed. Jane Austen is a nearly perfect story-teller. Always there are unexpected twists in lovers and even in marriage. Mansfield Park takes it's place by Emma as my favorite Ms. Austen novel. Mansfield Park takes you through the morals of classes, and lets you heighten yourself right along with Fanny Price. No matter what Aunt Norris has to say. Mr. Rushworth was my favorite character among them all, he doesn't make many appearances--when he does they were all rather humorous to me. A highly recommended read for a cozy night.
B000056VIY|5.0|Okay ON the 6 blew up no doubt it was hype however this CD is much better than ON the 6.  It has more spanish appeal.  Tracks like Carino and Dame make you want to hit up a spanish/salsa club.  Beats on this CD are hype and I would defineltly say its the BOMB...go pick it up.....It only has two slow songs that's how hype this CD is.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I enjoyed this album emmensely, I think Dido's voice is extremely moving and spooky.  Just hope that she is able to last.
6305657947|4.0|The quality of this movie was not extraordinary so the ending and many of the so called twists were very predictable.  A movie like this has to be extremely satisfying,  or I don't think anyone would like it.  It is fun and entertaining and Pierce Brosnan is great as an ultra wealthy bored businessman.  Rene Russo is very annoying at certain parts and likable a few times.  She just isn't right for this part.  Other than that it was worth watching but not buying.
B00003CXCS|5.0|The extra features on this dvd exceeded my expectations. I was surprised at the sound quality and the picture quality of this older film.  The fact that you cannot view it  pan-and-scan is a little annoying, but the letterbox size really really adds to the viewing experience. If you like this movie at all, take the time to watch it in letterbox. So much of the beautiful scenery and lavish sets are lost in pan-and-scan.
B00003CXDG|1.0|What an awful waste of time.  Tom Cruise did a better acting job in Risky Business.  There was some good visual stuff,  but it just doesn't salvage the non-existant story and all around bad acting.
014028009X|3.0|If you are looking for the light, funny novel you are checking out the right book.  It seems that modern western women have the same doubts, love difficulties and such, no matter what country they live in.  Helen Fielding is not telling us anything new, but she has certainly found the right voice and tone in which this novel is delivered to the reading audience.
B000002JS6|5.0|This is one of those cds that my dad always cranked up in the car when i was a kid and I now still love the songs and they really stick to me. &quot;Have a Drink On Me&quot; and &quot;You Shook Me All Night Long&quot; are my two favorites.<br />&quot;Hells Bells&quot; and &quot;Given The Dog A Bone&quot; are fun songs just to headbang around to. It's really fun music. Have I emphasized how fun this cd is.<br />This is a must have cd. Period.
B00003CXDF|5.0|What an incredible movie!  One of Tom's best.  He is soooo hott!! Anyway, great actors, great plot, kind of corny lines...i.e. while being attacked with fear and stupidity under a fight :&quot;WHAT WERE YOU THINKING???&quot; &quot;I GUESS I WASN'T THINKING!&quot; and also, after Tom saves Thadie's life &quot;Now, Ethan Hunt, what was it you wanted to talk to me about?&quot; he replies &quot;a lot more than I thought&quot;. one more is &quot;If I told you I didn't want you to do it would you feel better?&quot; Tom asks. Thandie replies yes. &quot;THEN FEEL BETTER!!!!!!&quot; that is all. good movie!! hot guy!!
B000000OAN|5.0|Not only is &quot;The Prophet's Song&quot; the greatest Queen song ever, but it is the best rock vocal ever recorded to date, and probably will be forever. Brian May (guitarist), may have penned the tune, but Freddie Mercury breathed his life-giving breath into the song's nostrils and made the song and the rest of the album historical.  I don't understand how people could review this album and say that it is overrated.  Queen is the most UNDERrated band in pop history, next to Faith No More and Mr. Bungle.  Anyway, to me Freddie sings his best ever on this album.<br />        Was this review helpful to you?
0060975768|5.0|This is the story of the Battle of Ia Drang, Vietnam, in November 1965.  It strength lies in great first-person battle accounts.  There is also good background information on the US 1st CAV Division, commanders and North Vietnamese units and commanders.  The 1-7th CAV fight at LZ X-RAY under LTC Moore is portrayed as heroic stand against the odds, but their are a number of troubling issues.  Despite intelligence that there was at least one or more NVA battalions near the Landing Zone, Moore landed without much of a ground tactical plan.  Moore seems to hedge whether his mission was merely to find the enemy on the Chu Phong Massif or to assault and seize the terrain.  If reconnaissance was the intent, why was the scout platoon not sent in first?  If assault was the intent, did Moore honestly think he could assault a larger force atop a mountain with only part of his battalion?  Old Apache motto: one man sees as many as ten men; Moore took too many in for recon and too few for an assault.<br />  Initially, brigade HQ did not designate any follow-on forces if contact was achieved and allocated only 16 UH-1s and 3 CH-47s to the operation (less than 5% of the division's helicopters).  This was a poorly-conceived operation that begged for trouble.  Moore surrendered the initiative immediately when he decided to defend the LZ and suffered 40% casualties in the process.  Readers should note that the highest ranking casualty was the battalion S-2 (intelligence officer), who was killed while firing at the enemy - not his job.  Moore also made the typical mistake of using the battalion scouts as a reserve force, instead of for reconnaissance or security; when the NVA almost flanked his hard-pressed battalion, the scouts might have given some early warning.  The 1st CAV division commander should have piled all or most of the division on this effort and new LZs could have been created with engineers.  Very little imagination in the infantry community here - no way to win, since the enemy would withdraw into the Chu Phong hills as soon as he had had enough.<br />  The 2-7th CAV debacle on LZ ALBANY is presented as a command failure by LTC McDade but brigade again appears culpable with vague orders to march overland to a one-bird LZ.  What was the point?  Certainly 2-7th CAV was a new unblooded unit that got tired and sloppy and walked straight into a battalion-size ambush.  Maps are fair but could be better. Junior officers and soldiers who read this should be careful not to get snowed by heroic visions of glory in this account; the US soldiers fought well but their commanders were new to battle and made significant mistakes that contributed to the casualty rate.nce the enemy would withdraw into the Chu Phong hills as soon as he had had enough.  <br />    The 2-7th CAV debacle on LZ ALBANY is presented as a command failure by LTC McDade but brigade again appears culpable with vague orders to march overland to a one-bird LZ.  What was the point?  Certainly 2-7th CAV was a new unblooded unit that got tired and sloppy and walked straight into a battalion-size ambush.  Maps are fair but could be better. Junior officers and soldiers who read this should be careful not to get snowed by heroic visions of glory in this account; the US soldiers fought well but their commanders were new to battle and made significant mistakes that contributed to the casualty rate.
B00005214X|5.0|Yes, the Beatles still rule the world -- most of the time, the credit goes to Lennon and McCartney. But this album shows there was a third musical force to be reckoned with in the band. Strangely, though, too many people don't seem to know about George Harrison or give him his due, and that includes this must-buy masterpiece, which Capitol finally re-issued in a much-improved sonic package. This re-issue glistens and rocks, with mush honesty, passion and superb songwriting and musicianship throughout. &quot;Wah-Wah,&quot; &quot;Hear Me Lord&quot; and &quot;Art of Dying&quot; are just three samples of forgotten gems. And I always loved &quot;Isn't It A Pity&quot; more than &quot;My Sweet Lord,&quot; the flip side of the two-sided No. 1 hit in 1970/71... As far as the bonus tracks go, &quot;I Live For You&quot; is a welcome addition, the raw, stripped-down demos for &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot; and &quot;Let It Down&quot; indicate the quality of songwriting on this album and the new version of &quot;My Sweet Lord,&quot; while taking time to get used to, tends to become less-disappointing with every listen. And new color graphics show George still has a wicked sense of humor, while making a grand statement about how the world has changed in 30 years. <br />I have for years been a loyal devotee of George Harrison's music and remain on a mission to get people to open up their ears and listen with an open mind... &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; began that missionary work, which I have always been steadfast about. Buy one copy for yourself and one for a friend or relative who you think might want to discover this absolute treasure for themselves.
6305910103|5.0|Like most science fiction fans, I find that Star Trek:The Wrath of Kahn to be the best Trek film to date. It has all the classic elements of a tragedy, with Admiral Kirk, feeling old and empty, reunited with his lover-not-meant-to-be Dr, Marcus, and his estranged son, David. He must face his past if he is to fight the future, namely, Kahn. I have only seen few sci-fi movies that move beyond the special effects and story, and delve in the hearts and souls of it's characters. This film is dark, tragic, full of anger and pity,and ultimately about hope, and a second chance. On a technical note, the DVD transfer is fantastic, with great picture quality/sound clarity. Unfortunately, there is only a trailer as a bonus feature, but eventually Paramount might release a more &quot;loaded&quot; version. A must own for anyone's DVD collection.
B00004WHRN|4.0|I have a version of this CD titled &quot;Children of the Grave&quot; with that song done live as a bonus track, released on a no-name label (visit expage.com/powersound2001 for more info), with a different cover.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Gettysburg will astound filmgoers and historians alike. As a civil war buff myself, I was intrigued by the depth of character in both sides of the conflict, portrayed by Martin Sheen, Jeff Daniels and Tom Beringer. You learn about the personality of the leaders of both sides of the battle, and you begin to feel for both of them. Martin Sheen is wonderful as Gen. Lee, and he shows the man to be warm and compassionate to his fellow soldiers and countrymen. Tom Beringer shows the same grit and determination in his role, as a man tested to the end. <br />The choreography is excellent, with literally thousands of extras involved. I own the VHS version, but if you plan to buy it on DVD, you will get a full-length audio commentary full of facts about the battle. the film take it's sweet time, and is several hours long, but it gives the filmaker time to show the details of the way war was and still is fought, with all the emotions showed in full. <br />By the end, you will have witnessed one of the greatest tellings of a pivotal moment in our history. No matter which side was the rightous one, both suffured and prospered respectfully during this terrible conflict, which is shown at it's most accurate in this film.
B00003CXDG|4.0|...This my friends is what we like to call an &quot;entertaining&quot; film!   Please tell me why films were first invented?... To entertain us! Not for us to go &quot;Well thats not very realistic!&quot;   Let your self go for christ sake!!  This is a good all round film. You have great action, lush locations, beautiful lady (and Tommy boy for the ladies!), and lots more. The thing is about most of the other reviewers is that they have a serious look on the film. Its John Woo! Expect great action, fantastic cinematography, and a fast pase! So what if the first one was beliveable with a better story line! It makes the two nice and different! Don't get me wrong the first was better but don't take movies so seriously!   I dont want to talk about the plot though. I find it far better to watch a movie when you know little or nothing about it! So enjoy! It looks great, it sounds great, and it is great! Thats all you need to know my friends!
B00000ADG2|5.0|Everything good you're heard about The Miseducation is true.  It is also an understantment.  Even as I write this, words can't express how great this album is.  Never have hip-hop beats, sublime lyrics, and oustanding production come together as it has for former Fugee front woman Lauryn Hill.  All the accolades this album has received (Over 50 prestigous awards including Grammys, American Music Awards, The Source Awards, etc)  This album not only restored my faith in modern day music, but it also started me on my musical mission.  That is to collect as many albums as possilbe in order to find something in which to compare this album's true greatness to.  Miseducation branches off to R&amp;B, Soul, Reggae, Rap, and Hip-Hop to create an entirely fresh, new kind of sound unlike any most have ever heard.  Lauryn Hill is responsible to my love of music and any glowing review I write about her work could never thank her enough for giving me (and all the rest of the music world) the privilage of benefitting from her miseducation.  (On my list of Albums of the Decade, This album comes in at #2.  On my greatest albums of all time list, it places #31)
0679745203|4.0|I love Ondaatje's work, but there is none better than 'In the skin of a lion', there is no book more deserving of any award, including this one. <br />I have began and put down this book so frequently it is already dog-eared from my constant indecision. I think I feared that perhaps I would be disapppointed. <br />I adore both'In the Skin of a Lion' and 'Anil's Ghost' (to an extent) and I thought the film was amazingly beautiful. I must admit, I was slightly disappointed, but certainly, I could never regret finally reading the piece. There is a beauty captured many books, and no author captures the beauty of words and creates a more stunning and remembered image than Ondaatje.<br />I hate history books. Certainly, I see the importance of recording history, but I am far from a budding historian. This book has a substantial portion devoted to the events surrounding the second world war. I also hate sand and probably would despise deserts should I one day find the need to venture into one. This book has a substantial portion devoted to the desert. So we began on bad terms. <br />But there is more to this novel than sand and history; there is striking romanticism on several levels, wonderfully crafted descriptions and stunningly vivid characters. There is immense heartbreak and a fine weave of several sub stories. It is deep rich and vivid and worth reading. Particularly if you like sand, history and explosives. (Thankfully he hit a note with me there.)<br />'In the Skin of a lion' seems that tiny bit better, but I would have no hestitations in reccommending either, or any, of Ondaatje's work.
B00004YW6I|4.0|It's been much too long since we've heard Polly Jean Harvey's sex-ridden lyrics backed by a good beat and superb guitar riffs.  And on Stories From The City... all of the aforementioned are a welcomed return to all of Harvey's fans.  Not since 1995's To Bring You My Love has P.J. bared herself so intimately in such a clever and provocative manner.  From the word \\"go\\" (or in this case \\"Big Exit) Harvey let's the public know that she's back to her old self by chanting the anthem \\"... I need a pistol, I need a gun....I'm scared baby, I wanna run....\\".  The first track sets the mood for the great tracks that are to follow.  She keeps your attention through all 12 tracks.  And just when you think it can't get any better, you heard an unmistakable voice that can only be (member of Radiohead) Thom Yorke.  2000 was a year full of landmarks and milestones in music, and now it will be remembered as the year that P.J. Harvey came home.
B000001IQH|5.0|This album had me loving it the first time I heard it.  It's great- catchy songs, great punk.  I love the song &quot;She's Automatic&quot; especially.  You'll love this album!
B00000IAU3|4.0|Until this year, few people had heard of Dido.  But before she became mainstream she dominated the college music and Billboards Heat-seekers charts until her album finally creeped it's way into the top ten in January 2001.  Her first hit song &quot;Here With Me&quot; is what ultimately grabbed the audiences attention as it was used as the theme song for a hit WB television series.  And in July 2000, the world was asking &quot;Who's that chick that sings with Eminem on &quot;Stan&quot;(from the Marshall Mathers LP)?&quot;  Yes, a exerp from her song &quot;Thank You&quot; was sampled by Slim Shady and would give her yet another great deal of exposure.  So now, nearly two years after it's initial release, No Angel is being noticed as a perennial new artist album.  Dido's cool, fresh vocals singing against a soft-rock backdrop add up to a great album by a great artist that almost wasn't discovered.
B0000024JN|5.0|GREAT!  This album is terrific.  It has you humming the songs all day, telling people about how you must fight for your right to party, and talking about the fine brass monkey.  It's really funny, and good music.  It is not the most mature album in the world, but if you don't like a good rockrap funky music, it's for you.  The song &quot;Girls&quot; is funny, the song &quot;Paul Revere&quot; is my favorite.  I love all of them though!  It's awesome!
B00004XONN|4.0|In '97 Radiohead dropped their album O.K. Computer, which has now been hailed by many critics as one of the greatest albums of the decade.  They followed this acclaimed album up by not following it up.  With their October release, Kid A, Radiohead devises a completely different sound than what was found on \\"Computer\\".  The group trades in their guitar licks and \\"pop-flavored\\" songs for synthesizers and abstract lyrics.  The end result: arguably the best album of the year.  Kid A is a wonderfully complicated maze of groovy beats, searing instrumentals, and haunting melodies.  From the opening track, \\"Everything In It's Right Place\\", the listener can immediately identify with the mood and pace of the album.  Thom Yorke's distinctive vocals serve as a backdrop to a brilliant sample selection, and even a horn section which all give way to what might be considered one of the better mood albums of 2000.  In a nutshell, Kid A is a techno, jam fest buffet.  The vocal tracks on the album are too laden with complicated lyrics to fully appreciate.  Yet, despite the seemingly un-solvable maze of music and lyrics, Kid A is a virtual rotary musical core identity with infallible musical quality that cannot be missed.  So any Radiohead fans that long for the \\"traditional\\" Radiohead may only take solace in being secure in the knowledge that the band is doing much more than \\"O.K.\\" in the post-\\"Computer\\" era.<br />-Trevor James
B00003CXHJ|1.0|Having heard the general plot of this movie and knowing the Allies had had at least two events which followed the plot, I expected this movie in some way to relate to reality.  I guess the director decided that real war would not sell tickets. The movie is complete fantasy. The choice was made to use a few facts, which serves to confuse the audience. Kubrick, Spielburg, and other skilled directors have proven war flicks can be realistic, interesting, and exciting.  I found this movie completely lacking in the first two criteria.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Today it seems as though soundtracks are nothing more than a collection of hot artists donating their time and energy to get some more money and airplay.  This is probably not the case on O Brother, Where Art Thou.  What you're given is a setlist of relatively unknown artists playing some very traditional, rootsy country music.  Yet, never has the music been so infectuous! It's just fun album all around.  So if you're looking for an alternative to the soundtracks full of songs that are there for no reason...then look no further than the soundtrack for O Brother, Where Art Thou
B00004R7AP|5.0|The Corrs are, I would have to say are the BEST band out there. Not only are they so very talented, nice, beautiful and charming , but they put on a great show!. I have been a hardcore fan now for about 4 years, I bought everything that had to do with the corrs. But the only thing that was missing was concert videos. I remember that they had the Royal Albert Hall concert on a local public station , but (ok slap me now) i failed to tape it. As the years went on I was desperate for corrs video's but anytime that I found anything to do with them on VHS would be in the European PAL format.    Finally I found this Unplugged video at my local Tower records, I was just standing there in total Awe, this was the video i had been looking for , for so long and now it was in my hand...... anyway I dont want to write a novel :) But all I can say is that i watched this unplugged video once and I had to watch it again and again ect , Andrea makes this concert fun and her voice is beautiful , Sharons violin solo's are the most beautiful thing that I have ever heard, Caroline I would say after watching this video is one of the best drummers out there, And Jim, lets not forget Jim  probably would have to be the one who works the hardest in this concert (well caroline too) But I strongly suggest that you buy this today. And even for you non corr fans buy it because you'll love them when your done. :) hope this helps ;) CORR PRIDE!! AND IRELAND PRIDE TOO!!
B000051VWW|4.0|R&amp;B is a hot commodity in the 21st century.  Such hot soul acts like D'Angelo and Destiny's Child have brought more attention to R&amp;B in the past year more than any other artists.  Yet it seem ironic that the woman who took over the realm of R&amp;B in the 80's should decide to make her return while the coals are already nice and hot for herself.  Sade once again puts together a package of songs pulled along by her smooth-as-silk vocals and dance beats.  These two elements permiate to make one of the best albums released in 2000.  With any luck, Sade is back...and here to stay.
B00003CWN2|4.0|When I saw a preview for this movie I not only knew I had to see it but I also had to buy it. When I saw it for the first time, I was heart-broken. This movie, although a little graphic, is a well written protrail of this girls life. It is and awsome movie if you are willing to see the truth, not the normal cover-up accepted life!!!
B00004THAY|5.0|My initial reaction to the summer released collaboration between Eric Clapton and B.B. King was &quot;Now that had the words 'Grammy contender' written all over it&quot;.  But to my surprise (and eventually dismay) the album was only nominated in the best blues album category.  When, in fact, I believe that it's one of the best albums of 2000.  It's an all around great album.  Terrific sound quality and engineering.  Great songs and music to say the least!  It's almost too much to handle hearing the two greatest guitar players in music history collaborating for the first time on just one disc.  The album is predominantly King's with Clapton assisting in production and adding a voice and guitar on the majority of the tracks.  Either way, the album flatters both of them.
6305128952|4.0|I just finished watching the DVD version of this movie, and I was very impressed. The DVD is in widescreen and does a good job of capturing the scenic vistas of Montana. The soundtrack is also very good. The story is very engrossing and a pleasure to watch. If there is anything wrong with this DVD, it is the lack of extras, just a trailer. A making of the movie, or behind the scenes extra would have been nice.
B00004T9UF|5.0|He says what he wants, when he wants, how he wants, for how ever long he wants... and you have not choice except to sit back and listen.  And I wouldn't have it any other way.  The Marshall Mathers LP takes the listener into the mind of Eminem and diving into a sea of obscenities and drama that makes up the life story of Mr. Mathers himself.  But what's amazing is that in all it's vularity that the raps are so beautifully delivered.  It's easy to arrive at the conclusion that Eminem has become the greatest lyricist on the scene today.  This album keeps you guessing, thinking, and cringing with every resounding procussion beat.  And you wouldn't have it any other way.  Every track stands out to say the least..but some more than others.  Such as the haunting (Dido accompanied) &quot;Stan&quot;, a brilliant mix of role playing in hip-hop.  I could go on forever as would the 8 million people that own this album would.  ... Simply put, The Marshall Mathers LP is the 'in-your-face' album of all time.  Eminem puts himself out there in such a manner that a listener feels as though they've been yanked out of a naievete-ridden world and yanked into Slim Shady World...and we wouldn't have it any other way.t sometimes I think you've just got to let some things go and laugh about them.  Music is for entertainment, not analysis.  I heard some guy on the radio discrediting song number 3 called Stan, saying how it encourages guys to lock their girlfriends in the trunk of thier cars.  What B******t!  Obviously this guy hasn't heard the entire song.  I thought it was awesome; simply a message not to make rash decisions before you know the other side of the story.  If you buy the album I promise you'll agree. <br />And if you are considering buying it, do yourself a favour and spend the cash - or borrow the album from a friend, you'll be hooked after one listen and end up buying it anyway.  Don't miss out because you heard its too vulgar, or somebody said this or that, or because youheard one song and didn't like it.  There's a multitude of differnet tunes you'll enjoy if you've come this far already.  And I bet you've brought worse albums.  This guy's a MAJOR talent; too good to miss out on.  And his lyrics will stay in your head long after you've tunred the CD player off.
0913866156|5.0|If you have at least three years of experience with reading one of the many Rider-Waite based decks and want something a bit more challenging, Crowley's Thoth deck is one of the best around.   Crowley departs from the Waite-style decks in several areas.  Certain cards are given different numbers and names.  Strength, for instance, becomes Lust,Temperance is Art, and Justice is Adjustment.  The concept of reversals is replaced by Elemental Dignities, which leads to more nuanced readings.   The system of attributes is based on the Kabbalah, so experience or knowledge of this is helpful as well.  Crowley uses a Golden Dawn derived system of correspondence, but departs from this by moving the Star, as per his communication with Awaiss.   Lady Frieda Harriss' surrealistic artwork perfectly compliments Crowley's wild spiritual vision.  Many of the cards contain not situations, but totally abscract representations.  This makes the deck more useful for deep spiritual readings than for bread and butter divination.  A perfect deck for esoteric contemplation or pre-ritual divination.
0140186409|4.0|I was much more impressed by Steinbeck's distinctive writing style than I was with the general concept of the book.  The author brings characters to life better than any book I've ever read.  It's very difficult not to be enthralled while reading The Grapes Of Wrath.  The book has historical value, and sentimental value aswell.  And it just simply belongs in any personal collection.
B00004U8P3|5.0|Jurassic park is a thriller that will always keep you on the edge of your seat.  The actors neva mess up anbd are the best. the special effects are done well.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Ridley Scott must have known something that nobody did.  That an Ancient Rome-themed movie could sell big bucks at the box office again.  Do you remember way back when (40 years ago) when gladiator movies were so popular?  Well, never has the time period looked better than it does in Scott's much praised masterpiece.  Russell Crowe gives the best performance of his career to date. (Oscar on the horizon)  But what the gladiator movies lacked so long ago was a believeable plot.  So Ridley Scott fixed that by giving Gladiator one of the best story lines of the year.  The 3 hour epic keeps you content during every minute.
B000003S0P|5.0|In my opinion,  this album,  and the title track,  are the ultimate introductions to King Crimson.  I first got the album on vinyl back in 1975 or 1976,  and wore out &quot;Red&quot; (the track) within a month--you can actually see light reflect differently from that section compared to the rest of it--the grooves are less than microscopic.  The CD is worth twice the price just for the title cut.<br />The original back cover says everything about the record: a black and white photo of a gauge,  with the needle pegged in the red.  In &quot;Red&quot;,  &quot;One More Red Nightmare&quot;,  and &quot;Starless&quot;,  some of the most obscene violations of sound waves can be heard,  and I mean that in a very positive way.  Fripp has tortured a guitar on many other recordings as &quot;beautifully&quot; as he did on &quot;Red&quot;,  but never so consistently.<br />If you have no,  or very little,  King Crimson,  this is a must.  If you have any interest in challenging,  guitar-fuelled music,  likewise.  I've also found that when the neighbors' kids are outside listening to the Backsync Boys or Britney Aguilera or whatever,  at high volume,  the title track does a good job of keeping them out of my yard.  It probably kills rodents,  too.
B00003CXDG|2.0|Perhaps director John Woo was disappointed when the original \\"Mission: Impossible\\" failed to stand the test of time, and was over-shadowed by such recent action blockbusters as \\"The Matrix\\".  The result... a sequel that became more successful than the original, a rare case indeed.  Upon viewing the movie, one might be able to easily contrast the opening sequence to that of a 007 James Bond flick.  Which was a trend that continued throughout the rest of the movie.  But what is painfully clear is that Woo was more interested in exhibiting special effects than he was in making an enduring American classic.  The movie is chalk-full of explosions, elaborate sets, and vehicle stunts.  And the acting to action ratio leaves much to be desired for the typical film critic.  And in spite of anticipating a generic mission that involves danger, bombs, villains, and heroes... the plot of the movies becomes lost in a sea of over-played special effects, terribly fictitional stunts, and just good, old-fashioned bad acting.  Yes, it's easy to tell which movies will support the weight of rotten tomatoes when the soundtrack for the film draws more attention than the mediocre movie itself. (see \\"The Bodyguard\\")  Making a sequel that receives critical acclaim and praise is not only a difficult task.  But, as John Woo discovered, it's damn-near impossible.
B00003CXBK|5.0|While nothing can compare to having seen the audio-visual mastry of Princess Mononoke in a theatre, the DVD promises to be the next closest thing, buy it now, even if you have to take out a loan.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I feel very alone in saying that this is the worst album of the year.  But I'm not ashamed of being alone if that is indeed the case.  What we were given as a sophomore effort from Britney Spears is a collection of tracks that leave something to be desired on a vocal, musical, merit, and talent level.  Yes, Ms. Spears is just another pawn in the game of teen pop these days.  But I would think that producers would think enough of the audience to provide paying customers with an album that would guarentee satisfaction (Spears herself claims on track 4 that even she can't seem to get any)  And much like teen supergroup, counterpart N Sync, Spears was provided material from adult songwriters trying desperately to sound &quot;hip&quot; and &quot;with it&quot;... but the consequently come off sounding very dumb (as though the song content wasn't superficial enough!) And the sad thing is that when these terribly written words come out of Spears' mouth, she chooses to not use vocals, but instead moan and groan her way through the albums 12 tracks.  So the blame can't be squarely placed on production staff and songwriters.. but instead the blame can be evenly distributed with everyone involved in making this album.  And what's more frightening is not just that it's one of the best-selling albums of 2000... but major publications (whom once had my respect and subscription) have heralded it as one the best albums of the year.  Someone! Stop the bleeding please!
0553214632|5.0|In 1859, Darwin unleashed &quot;Origin of Species&quot;, a juggernaut which smashed down millenia-old ideas with its elegant explanation of the natural variation of species, and extensive documentation of examples to demonstrate the work's argument.<br />As a practising scientist myself, I was thoroughly impressed by Darwin's care in addressing his assumptions, considering alternative explanations, and providing a robust defense of his conclusions with his vast array of field data.  &quot;Origin of Species&quot; is, as a purely scientific work, a beautiful example of how such a text should be written and defended.<br />Of course, Darwin's work is now dated.  Modern theories of evolution and genetics have added a tremedous amount of detail to Darwin's work, which obviously are not included in this text.  If you are interested in a more modern adaption of Darwin's theory, I suggest John Maynard-Smith's &quot;Theory of Evolution&quot;.  However, Darwin's work remains a lucid, powerful introduction to evolutionary theory, with a host of interesting examples of how his theory works in nature.  For both its historical and scientific merits, &quot;The Origin of Species&quot; should be part of any literate person's library.  Highly recommended.
B000056VIY|3.0|In 1999 it was easy for any artist with a Latino background to go into a studio and record some tracks with a few dance beats and release it to a large group of starving music fans obsessed with the artists of the Latin explosion.  But now the craze has died down and Ricky Martin released his second American Lp with a few less pinches of Latino seasoning.  And so has Jennifer Lopez.  She and album conprised of poorly written (yet infectuous) songs.  But they're all tied together by some dance beats and it's supposed to suffice.  And albums sales testified that the public is still interested as J.Lo debuts at #1 on the Billboard Top 200 albums charts.  But all those who rushed to the store may have been rather disappointed once they got it home and popped it into their stereos.  Maybe only die-hard Lopez fans would enjoy it, and maybe anyone who just enjoys a good dance album would like it aswell.  Because as a general concept, J. Lo is merely a dance album and not much more.  But a good dance album at that
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Beatles fans all across the world could start screaming with pleasure again as they discovered that the definative Beatles collection since Anthology was to be released in November of 2000.  All 27 of their number one hits and my (and your) personal favorites like &quot;Hey Jude&quot;, &quot;Yesterday&quot;, and &quot;Let It Be&quot; has been lovingly tucked into the most comprehensive track collection anyone has ever seen in music history.  Even if you've never heard the Beatles before... it honestly doesn't matter!  This album belongs in any collection.  Because all you really need are the Beatles.  And once you get past you awe of looking at the track listing... you can start your Beatles adventure and take a trip that you've always wanted to take in a Beatles' collection.  Now with this album... you can finally complete that mission.
B000005J56|5.0|This album is well-packaged with a comprehensive booklet of liner notes giving the spanish-sung lyrics along with the english meanings of the lyrics.  Each song has a story behind it as do the artists that perform the songs.  The album is bursting with legendary talent that would have been otherwise forgotten if not for Ry Cooder's casting job.  Buena Vista Social Club defines Cuban music and takes it close to mainstream.  But most importantly, it gave the recognition to the artists that have been unknown in the US for so long.  Personally, I believe that this is the best album of 1997.  And after hearing it... I'm sure you'll agree.  You honesty don't have to know how to speak Spanish to enjoy this album, if that's what you're worried about.  The music played is universial.
B00001NFCY|3.0|Human Clay became the better-selling album of Creed's two releases (1997's My Own Prison being the other) by selling over 9 millions copies opposed to the 3 million units moved by their debut.  In turn, the album also garnered Creed massive radio airplay with the massive hits &quot;Higher&quot; and &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;.  However, this latest effort pales slightly in comparrision to My Own Prison.  It lacks the free-flowing and brutally honest songs that can be found on their prior LP.  However, there is certainly nothing WRONG with this album.  In fact, it's one of the better rock albums of '99.
B00000DFRS|4.0|I must admit that I was one of the many skeptics out there when I got wind of Whitney Houston's album My Love Is Your Love.  She's been out of the studio album game for 8 years and had solidified herself as a soundtrack artist.  And though the chart numbers for the album itself may not be amazing (peaked at #12) the singles off it...were a different story.  \\"Heartbreak Hotel\\" was released and assaulted the Pop, R&amp;B, and Adult Contemporary charts as did her Grammy and Oscar-nominated duet with Mariah Carey \\"When You Believe\\".  All in all, the album produced 4 hit singles and earned Houston her first big airplay in a while.  The album was full of Hip-Hoppy beats that added a perfect backdrop for Houston's golden vocals.  And the songs were undoubtedly the best-written tracks that Houston has come into thus far in her career.  A perfect balance of \\"he-done-me-wrong-now-he's-gonna-pay\\" songs (\\"It's Not Right, But It's Okay\\", \\"I Bow Out\\") as well as some great, vocal ridden ballads (\\"Until You Come Back\\", \\"You'll Never Stand Alone\\") The album's great hip-hop flavor come compliments of 2 Missy Elliot-produced tracks (\\"In My Business\\" &amp; \\"Oh Yes\\") the Wyclef Jean written/produced hit title track, and the Lauryn Hill-produced bonus track, \\"I Was Made To Love Him\\".  My Love Is Your Love was Whitney's triumphant return to mainstream R&amp;B after an 8-year hiatus of movie soundtracks.  With this album, she has broken the mold of `soundtrack queen' and put out the best R&amp;B album of the year in 1999.  The resulting 7 Grammy nominations (and one win for best female R&amp;B vocal performance) hardly did the body of work justice.  Then again, it was Houston's first Grammy in 6 years.
B00000J7J4|4.0|After 30 years in the music biz, guitar legend Carlos Santana could have easily retired, without being able to say that he had ever had a hit record.  But in the summer of '99, the first single off the album (Smooth) got played more and more.  And the single started selling.  First it went gold, then platinum, then nearly double platinum.  In the meantime the album was doing the same.  And by February of 2000 the world watched Santana sweep the Grammys after Supernatural garnered up 9 awards.  Including Record, Song, and Album of the year honors.  And now Supernatural has sold over 13 millions copies.  If I were Santana, I'd consider the retiring thing again.  And with good reason.  Supernatural is one of the greatest collaborative efforts the music world has seen in many years.  All the tracks contain superstars like Dave Matthews, Everlast, Lauryn Hill, Wyclef Jean, and Eric Clapton.  The album has possesses a great production quality an sounds great!  This album would also become one of Clive Davis' last albums that he produced before he retired from the music business last spring.  And now Davis, Santana, and the rest of the world had a chance to expirience something really great in Supernatural.
B00004ZB9D|4.0|Don't get me wrong, I think Lenny Kravitz is great.  However I own only one of his albums.(1998's 5) And until now I thought of how great it would be for Kravitz to release a greatest hits package.  Because it seemed as though he would only have one or two good songs on a cd.  And those good, hit songs have been very evenly dispersed throughout Kravitz's 10 year career.  Thus, a record buyer doesn't want to go and buy a cd for just one or two songs (it's only logical)  So with the release of his greatest hits, Kravitz lovers and admirers can catch their breath and finally enjoy all of their favorite songs without having to buy 5 cd's for 7, or 8 songs.  Overall, a great arrangement of classic and modern Lenny Kravitz.  This disc also includes a great new song &quot;Again&quot;.
B00004X01U|4.0|The mother of reinvention does it again.  With her latest techo/club-friendly album Music, she blends puts her great songwriting skills to good use.  And they're not wasted as the were on 1998's Ray Of Light.  Instead the lyrics and music come together to create Madonna's best work since the mid-80's.  Music has been heralded as one of the best albums of the year by critics alike... myself included.
B000002VCQ|5.0|Model-turned-diva, Whitney Houston's self-titled effort rendered the music world breathless.  It became the best-selling album by a female artist (selling an excess of 12 million copies in the U.S.--- Over 25 million copies world wide) and with good reason.  The smash singles \\"You Give Good Love\\" and \\"Saving All My Love For You\\" propelled the album off the shelves.  And the hits \\"How Will I Know\\" and \\"The Greatest Love Of All\\" followed...as did the Grammy nominations.  Houston's first LP was nominated for Album of the Year at the 1986 Grammy Awards (where she won the Grammy for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for \\"Saving All My Love For You\\") The following year \\"The Greatest Love Of All\\" was nominated for Record of the Year.  But if statistics and accolades don't impress you... the 10-song album will.  It includes all the aforementioned hits as well as 2 incredible collaborations with Jermaine Jackson. (\\"Take Good Care Of My Heart\\" &amp; \\"Nobody Loves Me Like You Do\\")  And more up-tempo ballads (\\"Someone For Me\\" and \\"All At Once\\") The album remains Houston's best solo studio effort to date. And eventually produced three #1 singles and four gold singles.  It belongs in any and every \\"Best of the 80's Collection\\" and in the \\"Best Albums of All-time\\" category.
B00003CWNR|5.0|This is a wonderful book.  And one should read it.  Much of it is lost in Irvings adaptation of his own brilliant work...so much of the humor, depth and prose ...as well as characters, are lost(Farewell Melony)...but this is a very sweet film.  Shot in the sweet nostalgic glow of a classic, Rules is a joy to look at.  It deals with touchy subjects...but not in an absurdly preachy way.  As you read these reviews, you will see people bringing up the abortion issue...but it is a film about life and the choices that one has to make while living.  This is pro abortion...as well as it is pro family.  It manages to create an idelible image of orphanages, and of the pain and joy found in such institutions.  You won't forget Fuzzy Stone...you wont forget the faces of all the kids in St. Cloud's, and the work is fabulous.  Like all of Irving, we are dealing with humans with foibles , pains, triumphs and failures.  These characters are brought to light by the actors....Michael Caine is great, as is the solid nursing staff of Kathy Baker and Jane Alexander.  Delroy Lindo, Erykah Badu, Macguire and Theron....they all are wonderful.  I think this was a joyful film....not the book...but an experience on its own warm terms.  And it really isn't that preachy...
B000022TSF|5.0|Chinatown was inspired by the great film noir genre that was popular in the 1940's.  The film not only draws inspiration from those films, it outdoes them and is the best film noir ever made.  Jack Nicholson stars as J.J. Gittes a small time, Los Angeles P.I.  He is investigating the goings on with the water problem in the L.A. area.  Along the way he becomes entangles with Evelyn Mulwray (Faye Dunaway).  Robert Towne's brilliant screenplay has numerous plot twists and the ending is completely unexpected.  Mr. Nicholson is superb as the put upon Gittes and Ms. Dunaway is luminous and mysterious as the femme fatale.  John Huston is sinister as Evelyn's father and director Roman Polanski leads us through the plot with aplomb.  A true movie making benchmark and one the 70's brightest movie moments.
039472903X|5.0|Some people may find the advice in this book out of date. Me, for one, will never trade this book for a more up to date trendy one. The wisdom provided by David Ogilvy is priceless, and outlines the eternal and basics of advertising principles. After all, though we have gone through many changes in the last years, products are still marketed by people to people. If you remember that, you will find this book an amazing experience.<br />What is particularly nice about it, is that Mr. Oglivy simplifies very complicated subjects, trying to have a 30,000 feet view of the problem, explain the essentials, and give some general guidelines. If you follow the Mr. Ogilvy's thinking pattern, and the principles emphasized (as posed to specific examples) you will be able to learn some of the most important lessons you will ever learn in this field. <br />To conclude, very recommended, and a must read for all people in the advertising business.
B000022TSY|3.0|Easy Rider is a counterculture touchstone.  It also was a trailblazer in the independent film market.  There had other hippie movies before, but they were mostly bad films about drug use.  Easy Rider tells the story of two hippies, played by Dennis Hopper &amp; Peter Fonda, who motorcycle across the country from California to New Orleans for Mardi Gras.  They had just made a big drug score and are using that money for the trip.  Along the way, they stay at a commune in the desert, get caught up in a dispute in a small town and of course take alot of drugs.  There is a scene in a New Orleans graveyard that visualizes an acid trip.  Jack Nicholson shows up as a drunk who is constantly being jailed.  He rides along with Mr. Hopper &amp; Mr. Fonda and meets an untimely death. The role garnered Mr. Nicholson an Oscar nomination and catapulted him to stardom.  The film is visually pretty and well shot and they make great use of rock songs as no other movie had beforehand. The film was also a commentary by hippies about hippies.  It is supposed to show that hippies are just peace loving people who embody the freedom America is supposed to give people.  They are unfairly persecuted by small-minded people who judge them by the length of their hair.  At the time, this was all groundbreaking stuff.  The problem is that the film hasn't aged well in the 30 years since it's release.  It is still cemented back in 1969 and now is just a relic from that time.  The film's power should be more judged for the doors it opened up for other maverick film makers like Martin Scorcese, Peter Bogdanovich and other later ones like Quentin Tarantino and Spike Lee.  Before Easy Rider, you had to play within the system.  After it became a huge success, you could go underground and get daring pictures released.
B000002BYD|5.0|From the moment I heard the first song on this cd I couldn't stop listening. It is awesome, think what you will about PJ but this is if not there best one of there best cd's. from begining to end not a bad song &quot;don't get me wrong there are some strange ones&quot; but they are all cool! If you like Pearl Jam buy this cd,  and if you don't see a shrink
0783225881|5.0|After Kevin Costner had a huge hit with the romantic comedy Bull Durham which was about a minor league baseball team, people though he was foolish to follow it up with another baseball movie.  They couldn't have been more wrong as Field Of Dreams was a smash hit and the finest role of his career.  Mr. Costner is Ray Kinsella, a Iowa corn farmer struggling to get by.  He keeps hearing voices that say &quot;if you build, he will come&quot;.  He figures out through a vision that it is a baseball field that is to be built.  Everyone except his wife Annie (Amy Madigan) thinks he nuts.  After the field is built, players start coming out the field to play on it.  Shoeless Joe Jackson (Ray Liotta) is one of them.  No one but Ray and his family can see them.  He has another vision that leads him James Earl Jones, a reclusive writer from the 60's, living in Boston.  Along the way back, they pick up a young ball player.  The player then turns out to be a doctor (Burt Lancaster) who saves Ray's daughter from choking.  The film is a real fantasy and has an oddball plot, but all the actors give likable performances.  The film, despite its plot revolving around Baseball, is not a sports movie.  Baseball is used as an allegory for life.  On the field, players who have had checkered pasts or left life with situations unsettled have a chance at redemption.  One of the most touching scenes is where Ray has a catch with his father on the field.  His father had past away and they never had a chance to resolve their differences, but on the field, everything is okay.  His father is younger and doesn't know Ray is his son.  He is just another ballplayer who has come to the field.  Field Of Dreams is one of the most original movies to come out in the past twenty years and is a real American classic.
B0000508U6|5.0|Put the headphones on - turn out the lights and listen.  Brilliant mood filled music that gives off the same feelings as the &quot;Laid&quot; CD by James.  Whenever &quot;Trouble&quot; comes on in the car my 3-yr. old son asks, &quot;Daddy, why is he so sad?&quot;  Yes, Coldplay has replaced &quot;Barney Sings&quot; as his music of choice - God bless you Coldplay!
B00001MXXG|4.0|Matthew Broderick stars in the title role of this charming John Hughes' comedy.  Ferris is the ultimate smart aleck.  He has an answer for every question and a solution to every problem.  He is extremely popular at school and his parents dote on him.  In fact everyone loves him except the high school principal, Mr. Rooney and his sister.  The movie takes place over the course of a day when Ferris fakes being sick and he takes a trip to Chicago with his best friend Cameron and his girlfriend Sloan.  All the while, Mr. Rooney suspects that Ferris is not sick and cutting school.  He fumbles around Ferris' house looking for him while the kids are living it up in the Windy City.  The film moves along at a quick pace and all the characters are very likable.  One nice trick Mr. Hughes uses is that he has Ferris turn away from situations and address the audience.  We feel as if we become a part of the ride.  Mr. Broderick is perfect as Ferris. He exudes charm and is quite funny.  Alan Ruck (now of Spin City) is funny as the morose Cameron.  Mia Sara doesn't have much to work with as Sloan, but she is quite striking.  Jeffrey Jones is great as the bumbling Mr. Rooney.  Jennifer Grey is a bit annoying as Ferris' sister.  Ben Stein (before he became famous as the star of his own game show) has a bit part as a monotone teacher and Charlie Sheen has a cameo as a punk who Ms. Grey falls for.  Ferris Bueller is a fun little movie and anyone who was a teenager in the mid 80's will remember it fondly.
B00003W8NM|4.0|This is one of the best DVDs that has been produced yet. The movie itself is a scathing criticism of our commercially-driven me-first culture where real feelings have been replaced by TV clap trap faux-emotion. Brad Pitt and Edward Norton as Tyler and Jack work extremely well together. Their interlplay in the movie makes the film move while David Fincher's direction is nearly flawless. He is albe to keep the film moving forward in an interesting way while Tyler and Jack continue to examine their role in a society that cares more about the rich and famous than the other 99.9% of the world. This is neo-socialism at its best. The adaptation from Chuck Palahniuk's book is excellent. All in all the movie is engaging while at the same time extremely fun to watch. It allows you to step outside of the world you know (if just for two hours) and experience an entirely different existence.<br />The DVD package is top notch. There are two discs - the first is the movie and the second is full of behind the scenes glimpses, commentary from Fincher, Pitt and Norton, and all kinds of other goodies. Threre is enough in this package to keep you busy for a whole afternoon. This is the best example of what DVD movies should contain, and now they are just starting to figure it out and include loads of extras on a lot of the new ones. Buy this for yourself and experience a great movie and (one of) the impetus for the new breed of DVD packages.
6304712936|5.0|Milos Forman's Amadeus is a hugely entertaining adaptation of Peter Shaffer's play.  The movie is told in flashback style from the memory of Antonio Salieri.  Salieri was a successful and popular composer who was a rival of Mozart's.  History has speculated on the death of Mozart and some people are of the opinion that Salieri had a hand in his death (possibly even murdered him).  The film explores this angle of the legend.  Salieri is consumed by his jealousy and hatred of the infantile Mozart.  Mozart is a musical genius, but a wild spending and is always looking for the next good time.  His operas are utterly brilliant, but are unsuccessful.  He is in constant debt.  Salieri concocts a plan for Mozart to compose a requiem.  This work is actually planned as Mozart's own requiem.  Mozart is shown as slowly going mad and at the end of the film, Salieri helps him by writing the musical score down for a very weak Mozart.  The morning after Mozart and Salieri work together, Mozart is found dead and we are left speculating whether he died through natural causes or if Salieri did something to him.  F. Murray Abrham is absolutely amazing as Salieri.  He brings across the jealousy and hatred, but doesn't make Salieri a fiend.  He has major respect for Mozart's musical talents, but doesn't understand why God would give them to such an obvious heathen.  Tom Hulce is equally as good as Mozart.  He plays him with a reckless abandon and in an over the top fashion that is perfectly suited for the role.  The film took home the 1984 Best Picture Oscar, Mr. Forman won Best Director and Mr. Abrham beat out Mr. Hulce for Best Actor.  This was a case where a tie would have been more than appropriate.
B00000634J|5.0|One CD, 20 songs and almost 80 minutes of music, this is a very good introduction to the music of John Lennon. This is also the best compilation of any solo Beatle. There are several good solo Lennon songs left off of this CD. God, and I'm Stepping Out are but two songs that would have been very good additions to this CD. On the whole though, this is a great CD. If you have no other Lennon CD's and you want to sample his work, this is the CD to get first. John Lennon's solo work is the most challanging of any of the Beatles and it is also the most consistant. The sound quality of this compilation is also very good.
B00003CWTH|4.0|Magnolia is yet another Dramadys, where it is for the most part a drama but it can be funny in parts. The king of Dramadys has to be As Good As it Gets and the prince is American Beauty. I would have to say that Magnolia, is probably a near relative. Not royalty, more like a rich cousin or something.     This movie is so tiringly boring the first third that it is so tempting to completely shut it off all together. But surprisingly, it recovers magnificently. It becomes a moving and powerful film. But you know what? I actually liked the preview for the film better, it makes it look intense and satisfying, while it does pull it off. In the real Preview the one that is over 2 minutes long, it shows ALL of the action that happens in the film.     Magnolia really isn't funny at all, it had a couple of jokes, and in jokes that were supposed to be funny, but I didn't laugh. I probably laughed when you weren't supposed to, so I probably screwed it up a little.     This film is a shining example of a film, it is a seductive movie, that is powerful and somewhat scary, since all of the issues that happen in this film, could actually happen, in fact some did. I guess that this was a little funny, but not supeier funny.     Some of the movie is insulting, and some of the movie is brilliant, but all and all it is a magnificent film, just a pretty good film.
6305358567|3.0|Not being a history buff, I have no idea of this films accuracy, however, though it started out strong, some of the intrigue got a bit confusing.<br />Cate Blanchett's performance however, was impeccable.  She embodied the young Elizabeth suddenly thrown into a whirlwind of controversy that even an elder would find daunting.  Her power and vulnerability were well illustrated.  You could see her confidence grow with every step and you could see her dilemmas.<br />What I found odd about the movie was that she seemed surprised about the fact the man she was having a relationship with, was married.  Given her position and the prior portion of the relationship, I would think that would not be unknown. Especially, when her relationship continued for a while after she gained the throne.  This may have been a clumsy &quot;movie&quot; introduction and not based in fact however.  It just did not seem to make sense.<br />Additionally, I found the intrigue with the Spanish ambassador very hard to follow.  I never did figure out, what went on there.  Also the handling of the French prince was a joke.  It was so one sided. With so many other portrayals as 3 dimensional this character was rather clumsily handled.  It seemed out of character with the rest of the movie.  It added a light note, but awkwardly.<br />This movie had so much good acting, but I felt it was not pieced together well.  Maybe a more astute follower of history would find this easier.  However, reading the other reviews, it seems history only played a small part in this movie.<br />It could have been better.  The acting was great,  the way it was pieced together was not.
B0000542DG|4.0|Yet again another teen horror film, but to my surprise, it wasn't half bad. It had a clever idea. Some teens are kicked off of a plane, because one of them had a premonition of the plane exploding. Well guess what, it did!     That means that 6 teens and a teacher escaped death, but you can't escape death that many times before you actually die. Of course the ones who lived the awful crash begin to die, and the one kid some what knows that they are going to die, before they actually do, but he can't save them. One by one people die from various reasons, and it only becomes weirder. Then finally one figures out the pattern that death has. And it is a thrill ride from there. Here is the catch, you really can only escape death once, but some of the characters escape it numerous times.     This is a very clever idea to a very worn out, and tedious genre. It kept me hooked and at times I didn't know what would happen, which is usually very rare.      There were still times that it was predictable, but not really. It is a good horror thriller, for those who are jaded and desire a new twist.
630441403X|1.0|This movie is dreadful!  It's pointless and depressing!  What a waste!
B00004XMVL|3.0|Another Sci-Fi special effects movie. Though this movie looks like it will have exceptinally good special effects on the preview. But it doesn't explain anything about the plot on the preview.  Surprisingly this sci-fi film has more plot then special effects. Mostly beacuse you see all of the special effects on the preview, which kind of ruins part of the movie, since there is no real surprise to the special effects, which is greatly disapointing.  Pitch Black is about a crashed vessel (man has that been done before). On which is a convicted felo A.K.A. a murderer. Well they stumble on a camp were some body had also crashed and iventially find out that there will be a total eclipse within a couple of days, an that is when all the monsters come out.  It takes it's own time to get to the eclipse, when it finally does happen almost half of the movie it over. And then the monsters come out, but they tgry a Blair Witch approach by mostly only sencing the monsters and not seeing them, after all the monsters are afraid of light, in fact it kills them.  Even though Pitch Black has a neat idea and a savvy cast, it is still way to predictable, I knew when the monsters would strike and I was not scared when they did.  The special Effects are good when you see them. It is kind of like The Relic, which also had good special effects, but they were sparce, and now they aren't considered that good.  I geuss the main reason I liked it was because it had a good plot and a nice setting, even though it has been done before. The truth is, some really wild special effects, which isnow a couple years old is Straship Troopers. Even though Pitch Black is about the same in terms of liking, Starship Troopers get the award for Best special Effects.
B00002DE0S|5.0|I heard many Chopin piano concerto recordings before settling on this one as my favorite. Good quality sound and, to me, the interpretation that I was always looking for when I head other peformances. Poetic without being lethargic. Spirited without being insensitive. When I first head this recording I discovered the unusual sensation of not feeling the need to look for something a little bit better.
0553208845|5.0|The maxim goes that you shouldn't judge a book by its cover, but in this case, the judgement is justice cooked well-done.<br />This is an amazing book by Hesse, even in comparison to his other masterpieces. Written like a religious myth, &quot;Siddhartha&quot; is easily digested and its ingredients quickly distributed to the hungriest portions of the brain and soul. Heed not the truths revealed in this book, and you're in for a lifetime of irrational anguish regardless of which religious tree you're barking up(Christian, Buddhist, Hindu, Muslim). Siddhartha kicked all notions and did his own thing. Follow his example, but don't necessarily dupe it step by step. An amazingly inspiring book.
B00000K19E|5.0|The fights in this movie represent total accuracy in the traditional ways of the old arts. Total perfection in tecnique. the actors trained hard to learn to do everything properly. somthing that I usually detest about other movies. the fighters zip around and make fantasticly new higher standards for martial arts to follow forever after. thousands  will tell you the same thing over and over that this is the greatest  movie yet made for mixes special effects to better the action instead of vise versa. it is as good as people say it is.<br />Some of the greatest fights anywhere. I love this  movie
B0000524E5|5.0|DVD is so cool because you get all this extra footage and stuff. After you've watched the movie go back and get the commentary from the &quot;coyotes&quot;. It's basically you and them watching the movie and they're talking through it. Like &quot;ooh girl I fell right after I said that line, hahahahah&quot; like a party with your friends talking about a movie. Of course that didn't happen I don't think. You also get a little bit of audition from the cast. You get Coyote101 about dancing, drinks, etc. I didn't even know LeAnn Rimes had a music video for this, it's so cool. The effects on there is cool to, I'm a little disappointed with the deleted scenes though, yeah they were unnecessary, I'd say only one scene  would make the final cut if one had to be chosen, and NONE OF THEM HAD TYRA I'M MAD AT THAT. THAT'S THE MAIN REASON I GOT IT. I want MORE TYRA!!!!!!!!!!!!!  STILL GO GET THIS ON DVD IT'S SO COOL, I'M GOIGN TO BUY IT WHEN I GET SOME MORE HOOOPLA<br />BYYYYYYYYEEEEEEE MAKE SOME NOISE!!!!!!!!! OOOOOOOOOWWWWWW EEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWW &lt;HOWL&gt;
0684853523|5.0|I picked up this book expecting a mediocre &quot;how to&quot; manual from a favorite author, but ended up being pleasantly surprised.  &quot;On Writing&quot; is a thoughtful, intelligent look at one man's life and what he learned about writing along the way.<br />In the first part of the book, King does his best to examine the aspects of his life that helped shape him as a writer; in doing so, he reassures all of us would-be writers that we, too, have it in us.  I found myself laughing out loud at some of King's anecdotes - while I haven't kept up with some of his most recent work, reading &quot;On Writing&quot; reminded me of all the reasons I used to devour his books - a lovely, fluid style of writing that really does grip the reader, pull him in and drag him along on King's ride.  This book, while non-fiction, does the same thing.<br />When King relates the phone call where he learned of his advance for the paperback rights to &quot;Carrie&quot;, I could barely read fast enough - I can clearly see how this one small call was a turning point in his life and career, and I have to say, I feel like I know the author a little better after reading it.  If there is a single section in the book I would say is the best, this is it.<br />The &quot;how to&quot; section of the book is equally well-done, written in King's loose, just-chatting style.  Frankly, I wish I'd saved the money I've spent on other writing style books and found this one first, because I think I learned more in just three or four chapters from King than all these other self-help authors combined.  In a nutshell, King's philosophy of writing is like Nike's - just do it.  He offers a few basic tips (things you put in your figurative &quot;writer's toolbox&quot;) but spares the reader the kind of technical lectures you'll find in other similar books.<br />The final section of the book is dedicated to the accident King was involved in: how it changed his life and how writing (along with a smart paramedic and brilliant surgeon) saved it.  I was moved to tears in several areas - the pain King felt is palpable and he does an incredible job conveying it.  This section is a bit difficult to read, not because of the writing, but because you can so clearly see how hurt King was by the accident - I don't know that I've ever read an author who was better able to convey actual feeling and emotion through sentence structure.<br />If there are two constants in this book, they are King's love for his wife Tabitha and his love for writing.  This thoughtful, well-written memoir-slash-help book manages to introduce us to the man behind the bestsellers while helping the reader believe that if a normal guy like King can make it, maybe you can too.<br />A definite must buy for any aspiring writer or King fan.c and brilliant surgeon) saved it.  I was moved to tears in several areas - the pain King felt is palpable and he does an incredible job conveying it.  This section is a bit difficult to read, not because of the writing, but because you can so clearly see how hurt King was by the accident - I don't know that I've ever read an author who was better able to convey actual feeling and emotion through sentence structure.  <br />If there are two constants in this book, they are King's love for his wife Tabitha and his love for writing.  This thoughtful, well-written memoir-slash-help book manages to introduce us to the man behind the bestsellers while helping the reader believe that if a normal guy like King can make it, maybe you can too.<br />A definite must buy for any aspiring writer or King fan.
6305648522|5.0|Once in a while, a film comes along and dazzles audiences with its smooth viewability, if that is a word, brilliant acting, and well crafted plotline. In the case of Cinema Paradiso, we see these elements combined with a stunningly soothing musical score, excellent cinematography, and a combination of comedic, romantic, and dramatic moments. <br />This film starts in the present, presenting us with the main character, Toto, as an old man, well into his fifties, returning to his hometown to hear his lifetime friend and mentor Alfredo has died. What follows for the duration of the film allows us to see his childhood, his adolescence, and the way he fights through tumultuous times of love, disaster, and peril. <br />Along the way, we are able to see his constant love for the movies and slowly evolving romance with the beautiful Elena. The romantic moments in this movie are especially touching, as are the scenes in which we see Toto struggle to win Elena's love.<br />What makes this film a truly brilliant one is the way everything wraps itself up in the end. We are able to see the people from his youth aged into the present, and the film ends on a perfect close. There are no loose ends to be tied up, and I admit that I became a little teary eyed throughout the last 20 minutes. The scenes of Alfredo's funeral and the destruction of the Paradiso are very sad, and will make you think of good times long forgotten, save but in your heart.<br />I recommend this movie to anyone. I am a college student, and I have loved this movie since the first time I saw it on an airplane when I was 8...admittedly, I can understand and appreciate it much more with age. It is a perfect date movie, and also makes for a nice way to spend an evening with a friend or even by yourself. Buy it today. I guarantee you'll love the story and music.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Gone in 60 Seconds commits the cardinal sin of Hollywood: it actually bores.  And I don't mean a slow start or anything.  I actually had trouble trying to stay awake for the first-hour-and-a-half, simply because this movie features no good story, lousy and unfunny dialogue, and action scenes that look pathetic.  Okay, Mission: Impossible 2 is about a thousand times better than this piece of dreck.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pink is the best artist there is today.  Britney Spears,and N'Sync need to get real and take a few lessons from Pink.  Pink shows true individuality on and off stage.  Listening to her songs make you want to curse out your boyfriend for all the nonsense he puts you through. Every time I listen to her music I get so hyped up I want to tell my man &quot;I was in love wit'ya but the hell wit'ya cause you didn't wanna treat me right.&quot;  All I have to say is that Pink is someone that every girl should listen to because she will help boost up your self confidence and make you feel as if you are on top of the world.  Pink is the best, and she is here to stay!!!!!!!!
B00003CXDG|5.0|M:I-2 delivers everything you could possibly want in an action movie:  Great fight scenes, excellent chases, romance, and funny humor.  This is a must see.
0553579908|5.0|For YEARS, the Fantasy Throne has been dominated by one lone author...known to many as 'R.R.' but now it seems as though we have found (finally!) the next-in-line to succeed Tolkien...and wouldn't you know it, HE has two R's in his name, TOO!  George R.R. Martin has managed to pull off an amazing literary feat with his 'A Song of Ice &amp; Fire' series...although he probably never set out to uproot the Fantasy world and ultimately overtake Tolkien's Territory, however with 'A Clash of Kings' he has managed to produce two of the absolute best novels of the genre ever produced.<br />It is rather humorous to me to see the nay-sayers and their reasons as to why they dislike these books.  I cannot in any way identify with them, but I DO find it funny.  Mr. Martin has developed a fully-realized world that is very nearly as realistic as our own.  Characters who are FAR from perfect, and just when you get around to hating one in particular, Martin gives you a reason to think they are not without merit after all--likewise those who you love sometimes become the most wicked...making this easily one of the most UNPREDICTABLE series EVER.  You NEVER know just what is going to happen next, even if you are absolutely CERTAIN of it.<br />Some have criticized Mr. Martin for writing a series that seems to have no direction...well I think that as long as we are along for the ride and enjoy the trip, WHO CARES?  I for one would NOT like to make the mistake of trying to figure out just where Mr. Martin ultimately wishes the series to go because I am virtually 100% certain I would be incorrect...but let us allow him the CHANCE to DO it!  Mr. Martin started out this series thinking it would be done within 3 novels, but shortly after starting 'A Game of Thrones' figured he would need at least 6 to pull it off...what a fantastic treat for us fantasy buffs!  Many fear that he will come down with a terminal case of 'Jordanitis' which I find a very hilarious term--but also a very accurate one, too.  Nobody wants to see a series stretched too thin where the entertainment factor begins to slide into the deep end.  But I also contend that if each novel were as good as these first two, I wouldn't care if it went to 30 books!  I just cannot wait to start 'A Storm of Swords'.  High marks to Mr. Martin for truly the best of this genre I have ever read.  Highly Recommended!one, too.  Nobody wants to see a series stretched too thin where the entertainment factor begins to slide into the deep end.  But I also contend that if each novel were as good as these first two, I wouldn't care if it went to 30 books!  I just cannot wait to start 'A Storm of Swords'.  High marks to Mr. Martin for truly the best of this genre I have ever read.  Highly Recommended!
B000002H97|5.0|I have listened to Metallica and all bands alike (Guns n' Roses, Megadeth, Iron Maiden, etc.) for almost 10 years now, and to put it as simple as I can, this has to be the best studio album I have ever heard.  Every song (with perhaps exception of &quot;Misery&quot;) is a true masterpiece as it shows Metallica's musical and lyrical power and maturity. &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;Sad But True&quot; and &quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot; are all as heavy as anything from &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, or &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;, but are more melodic with great riffs and amazing guitar solos. &quot;Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, while slower and less heavier than Metallica's previous two ballads &quot;Fade to Black&quot; or &quot;One&quot;, are great songs that show Metallica's maturity and ability to play something completely different and play it good.  This album came out at the same time as Nirvana, Pearl Jam and all the other grudge bands that ended an era of heavy metal, and &quot;Metallica&quot; defined the new way that was slower, more melodic yet as heavy and as powerful as it ever was.
B00004Y2QT|5.0|The Purple One is back and with a vengence..This Dvd showcases a live greatest hits as prince tears thorugh the songs like a man on a mission. Myself being a Prince fan coouldn't wait to view this DVD and it didn't disappoint.  Prince is at his best live, and this Dvd  show he is truly the 20 centuries Beethoveen. He remains a musical genius, and while his newer stuff hasn't bee as popular it has always been innovative.. And it is said you can't know where your going until you know where you've been.  This DVD serves as a musical reminerd to what a genius we have amongst us.
630587493X|5.0|This was a fantastic movie, and a true-to-form continuation of the Asimov Legacy.<br />The film incorporates many of Isaac's insights into the fundemental core of the human condition, in the person of R. Andrew Martin, Android.<br />Given time, I've no doubt that it will be appreciated for the true work that it is. (Note to critics - Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, but it can be appreciated as such. ;-))
B00004T8RK|4.0|Every Pearl Jam album is extremely different from the last and this one is no different, probably because of the more band-oriented production that progressively kept going into each album. Eddie Vedder's voice is still like no other and still above them. This album is not a comeback to the days of Ten where the music is up-tempo and you can just scream along. You have to remember that the band is not in their mid twenties anymore and their views have changed. Nonetheless, every pearl jam album is worth having, especially if you grew along with the band.
B00000ILDF|4.0|This IS &quot;the&quot; sci-fi story of the century and beyond. I ask you to do a little research of your own and tell me if there is another sci-fi story with as much tension, and emotion as this series. A beast that is unstoppable in Alien, overwhelming in Aliens, and unstoppable again in Alien 3. Alien: Resurrection was a simple art expression of the franchise, a new direction. Alien 3 was the end of the Alien series of old, it is the end of the Alien Trilogy. <br />Why didnt they call it Aliens 4 in Alien: Resurrection? Because it was an artsy movie set in a universe outside the current storyline. The visual presentation alone signifies that. Alien 3, on its own, stands as a true conclusion to Ripley in the most profound way. You may argue that this movie was inferior to the first 2. In what way? When I saw this film the first time I hated it and said that the series officially ended at Aliens. <br />Then upon further viewing I got to see the style and storyline. I also got to see the underlining text behind the story. The movie industry has clouded everyones mind with the notion a villain must lose to be complete. David Fincher is one of my favorite directors because he allows nature to take its course and that means anything goes. Main characters are put in a realistic seat. His movies are more interesting and have the best effect on me because I believe all characters are expendable, therefore I know that at any one time the lead could die. This makes his movies unapproacheable in the first round. You cant expect to see a happy ending, although you might. <br />With this in mind Alien 3 is a truly great film. Most were turned off because we fell in love with Aliens and the well developed characters of Newt and Hicks and even Bishop. Then, without further adue, they are killed off. Then as if that is not enough...<br />Despite what others might tell you, Alien 3 is a great film on its own merits. And as the tide changes and we are becoming less satisfied withthe frequent returns by Ripley, we see how this movie helped end the series in the best and most original manner. This is a super killing machine, and in her death we realize what Ridley Scott and Dan O'Bannon tried to communicate. That sometimes there are forces beyond our control, and beyond the hollywood formula for film. People die, sometimes the ones you least expect.
0152023984|5.0|This book has been a guide in the main search of my life. It is a breathtaking soulful book that with genius simplicity makes you think! I must recomend it for readers of any age. Anyone would find something new, incredible and very important for them regardless of the reader's age, place in life, time in the universe and number of times read.
B0000558LN|1.0|I consider myself to enjoy a wide variety of movies. When some friends of mine suggested we rent this movie at an outing to Blockbuster Video, I wasn't very excited about it. But &quot;what the heck, I'll watch anything once.&quot; First of all, the main character was a bit annying. All the little things she did to help out the bar in an attempt to get back to work with Cyote Ugly made me want to upchuck all over the television. This movie is VERY predictable and a cliche of many others. I'm sure many of the younger generation cherish this film and that's about the only audience I think this is going to achieve except cleavage hungry boys.
B000002MTU|3.0|I'm not reviewing the other reviews here, and I'm not comparing it to the great blues albums of all time (nor, for that matter, Clapton's other albums). Blues purists snidely cast aspersions on Clapton's effort. Though the idea of Clapton playing homage to the artists who have influenced him is a good one, but the result is rather mediocre. The songs are too overproduced and too studied (the antithesis of the blues, to my mind), and Clpaton tries too hard to provide not-for-note covers.
0743420373|5.0|I finished reading last night, learnt  and enjoyed very much. I gave it to my son and asked him read carefully. Everything is so different from what we commonly presume.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This is an excellent CD, Beatle lovers will flip!  But there's one thing missing:  where's &quot;Revolution&quot;?
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna has been said to be trying to attract some of the younger generation to her music with this album-and it worked.  But it wouldn't be fair to say she's trying to fit a mold, because as always, Madonna manages to create her own niche in the market she chooses.  Do you know of any other pop singer right now who would think of using the word \\"bourgeoisie\\" in a song?  Or have a stanza of French phrasing in another?  Madonna proves that, while she's competing in a market of youngsters, she's got the maturity and experience when it comes to music.<br />This is the first album I own by Madonna, so I can't make comparisons to any former releases, but that does mean I can go so far as to say that it is able to stand on its own.  This is a cohesive and original album that stands apart from the other pop releases out there.  Of course, having Madonna co-write/co-produce all of the songs sets her apart by itself-yes, I know it makes me seem like I was born yesterday, but I didn't know that.  However, it's a definite item of respect for her.  :)<br />Highlights include `Music'-and who hasn't heard this song?  :)  This upbeat dance tribute to music sets a rhythm that many of the faster songs seem to follow.  I like how she can keep the songs so unified yet different from one another.  Dance enthusiasts appear to love `Impressive Instant'-and while it's a strong track and I find it likable enough, with all apologies to fans, I'm simply a little tired of lyrics like \\"You're the one I've been waiting for\I don't even know your name.\\"  Then comes  `Runaway Lover,' another catchy dance song, with a less abstract theme than `Music.'  <br />The song that made me buy the CD was `Don't Tell Me,' which has already been described as having a bit of a folksy beat to it.   One of the best tunes is `What it Feels like for a Girl,' sending a nice, reflective message to her audience; btw, according to Billboard Bits, this is also her next single.  And the two slow-tempo songs that stand out are `I deserve it' and `Nobody's Perfect,' the first having a haunting, reminiscing tone to it, and the second a melancholy sound.  The other tracks strike me more as (forgive me) filler-but goodness, what I wouldn't give to have every singer with filler this good.  The songs are still catchy and well-thought out; I just feel not as much emphasis was placed on them.  While a person is bound to have favorites, you can listen to the entire CD without skipping a single song.  <br />I have two minor quibbles about the album.  One is that there are only ten songs; but this is made up by the fact that the total track time is about 45 minutes (an average album length), so it simply has a few longer songs on it.  The other is the lack of lyrics; the inside cover is instead filled with `glamour' shots and refers you to her website for the lyrics.  With all due respect to Madonna, I would have preferred her to post the lyrics with the album and put the pictures on the website, instead of vice versa.<br />For a Madonna fan-of course you're gonna get this CD.  Why am I pitching this to you?  :)  For the others, including the \\"younger generation\\" that I'm proud to be a part of, I highly recommend this CD.  It's pop, rock, and dance taken to a higher level.  But really-don't tell me you expected anything less.  ;)
B00000JY1X|4.0|Don't get me wrong: many of the 69 love songs are so good it hurts. Songs like &quot;A Pretty Girl Is Like&quot; and &quot;Love Is Like a Bottle of Gin&quot; sound about two hundred years old, and I feel that, were Magnetic Fields to get the attention they richly deserve, some of Merritt's compositions could be the &quot;Greensleeves&quot; for the next five hundred years. The tunes sound familiar without sounding hackneyed, and that's a difficult balance to strike (I think people like Mark Eitzel, Billy Bragg and Mary Gauthier do this really well, too), but one that lends itself to pop immortality. The lyrics, when they don't cross that line into the &quot;too precious&quot; territory, are the kind that floor you, the kind that take unexpected but satisfying turns at the last minute: &quot;Love is like a bottle of gin,&quot; yeah, we know that by the end of the song, but did we have any inkling that &quot;A bottle of gin is not like love&quot;?<br />I just had an impression on several of the songs that they just couldn't be bothered to construct them. They dangle there like throwaway ideas, not songs so much as musical phrases. Think of how bombastic and wonderfully silly something like &quot;The Night You Can't Remember&quot; could have sounded with a Pogues-ish, &quot;Fairytale of New York,&quot; full-string-section brashness to it. In the writing of the tunes, Magnetic Fields use the same pool of pop formulas used by the masters; I just wish they went to the trouble of filling it before jumping in.<br />Despite any reservations I may have, though, I recommend this box set highly to anyone with a taste for well-crafted, slyly written and sung songs.  For most of these pieces, it really doesn't matter that they're not fleshed out into full numbers, since they end up being perfect as they are.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I bought Significant Other just before chirstmas(I am a very big Bizkit fan) and didn't belive that this Bizkit cd did have the guts like the two others ''Three dollar and starfish'' butt I did have wrong, this has a lot of very speedy and slowly tracks and thats cool. Nookie is the best song on the whole cd butt there are a lot of others tunes that are good like: Breake Stuff, n 2 gether, Trust and A lesson learnd. Freds voice is just so perfect to music like this and may some people think that his voice is trash butt I think that's his voice is exelent. Limp is gonna start writing a new album at the start of this summer and will come out at christmas or newyears pass.. I hope their new album will be heavier and add some more song their future albums... buy this Limp album...
0446608955|2.0|While I do love Nicholas Sparks writing, and yes even I was moved to tears (not easy to do) in this sweet story; I found A Walk to Remember predictable.  If you a looking for a fast read and a cathartic cry this is the book for you.  I found the protaganist to be placed on a pedestal so high that I could not relate even to the feelings the narrator has for her.<br />Yes I cried, yes it was a quick read.  I just expected more.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The DVD experience of this movie is amazing. And they really put lots of things in this 2-disc set. I keep watching it over and over again and just cannot have enough. Thought they might put the official website in though. (to be complete) Are they going to release a PC game in the future? I would if I am a game company.<br />No movie is flawless. And even a movie doesn't have flaw, would it really provide viewers with something wonderful? In my opinion, Flawlessness is not a major factor which makes a movie look great.<br />Gladiator is truly something people have never seen before. Some old people have seen Ben Hur and Spartacus 30 years ago. But think about that technology and maybe the form of movie art have changed since then. 'Why can't Star War Episode I be made years ago?'<br />In spite of a straightforward story (Is this really bad? Maybe not. I've had enough of the Sixth Sense.) and some 'intentional' factual errors (Somehow this is a movie, not a history book!), there are too many other excellences which render those so-called flaws negligible. The battles, the characters, the CGI visual effect and the score. All make watching this movie an unforgettable experience. It's really a successful combination of art, technique and entertainment.<br />BTW, I strongly suggest that watching it by yourself. And don't let bad TV or cheap speaker spoil the experience
B0000027G6|5.0|My Friends, this awsome soundtrack willl absolutley blow your mind away. After purchasing this product be ready to be taken to another world where you'll be hipnotised by this natural Earthy form of music.<br />Every track on this Album reflects different parts of the movie, enabling the listener to recall scenes from the epic blockbuster whilst listening to this beautiful soundtrack. I give it 5 starts as it is a piece of music you shouldn't live without.
B00004X01U|3.0|Well, I got this album for Christmas and put it on.  It was alright.  The two &quot;hit&quot; singles are all I really liked.  I'm more a fan of good albums than of good singles, so I thought that this whole CD was ehh, okay.  Extra Medium.  Buy it if you want to hear a couple good tracks.  If your interested in buying an album that you can put on and listen to front to back, invest in something else.
6305603847|5.0|This movie is a masterpiece .  the winner of the year 2000 DaViD award for DVD excellence goes to this groundbreaking work ::::  if you weren't a Floyd fan, you will be after this,,,that is if you are into Rock music of-corse ''''''  Indeed, a masterpiece.
B0000560X3|5.0|The reviewer from Singapore must have something else in mind; this title does not--I repeat, NOT--have any video content. It's a DVD Audio version of the 1972 album (plus the B-side &quot;When A Blind Man Cries&quot;) remixed into 5.1 surround sound. There's also an equistite remastering of the original two-channel mix that sounds noticably better than any CD version of this album. But be forewarned: this is definitely a disc for audiophiles, not those who want to see a concert video. (You'll also need a DVD player to listen to it.)
B00003CX5P|4.0|I think ths is a great mvie the first time this movie is boring till the end when quigon dies and the darthmaul witch shooould not have happened he was COOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLL!!
B000001FXT|4.0|Blackness as godliness, independence, redemption, repatriation liberation, Third World, Africa. All of these are the topics and themes that are covered in this album. By far his most political album. Here he lays claim, through his African heritage, to speak for the oppressed black man and he stamps his authority on and gives musical support to African struggles for independence, unity and respect. It should not be a surprise to learn that many here and in Europe saw Survival as an album where the message swamped the music. It's interesting though because even as late as this - 1979, Bob was still struggling to be heard and appreciated by African Americans. Black DJ's were just not playing him. In Africa though, that's a different story. He was given a rapturous welcome in Zimbabwe and was invited to perform on Independence day.<br />Musically, Survival is heavy bass and drum rhythms. In fact you could call 'One Drop' an ode to the style because that is exactly what the signature reggae drum rhythm is called. Forget politics. There are some great listening songs on this album. 'So Much Trouble' 'Ride Natty Ride' and Wake up and Live' are lyrically powerful and musically wonderful. In addition to the  message songs for Africa such as 'Zimbabwe' 'Africa Unite' and the title track, Bob sent a couple of musical shots in Jamaica's direction. 'Top Rankin' and 'Ambush in the Night' were directed at those responsible for the political violence in Jamaica, the latter song supposedly directed at those who shot bullets, not lyrics, at him in 1976.
B00000IAU3|5.0|When I first listened to this cd all the way through, it seemed to be somewhat of a concept piece.  I'm saying this because every song centers around relationships, in retrospect.  Sometimes she's bitter, sometimes she's longing, and other times shes coping.  The music that ties in with these moods is perfectly suited to the subject material.  On &quot;Here with me,&quot; a trippy industrial beat plays against her voice, making the song extremely emotional and powerful.  Other songs like &quot;Thank You,&quot; have a more acoustic and simple sound which conveys a less moody and spiritual tone, but still pretty powerful.
0316777722|5.0|Laughed outloud.  This book is hilarious, sometimes a little twisted, every story a page turner!
B0000025ZK|1.0|I can't believe that some people like this album. It STINKS! The lyrics are some of the most desperate, cliched, pathetic attempts at poetry you will ever hear. &quot;Blue Light&quot; is the WORST Pink Floyd related song I have ever heard - Gilmour is a great guitarist, an average writer of music; but even the Vengaboys can write better words!! Come on  - this is awful. Sorry Dave.
B00005214X|5.0|A jewel of an album! Probably one of the best if not *the* best Beatles solo album ever released -- every song (not counting the instrumental jams) is a gem. The rerelease is fabulous - great remixing of songs, nice extras (esp. the &quot;new&quot; track &quot;I live for you&quot;), incredible packaging. A lot of care and thought went into the re-release -- it will not disappoint.
6305648522|5.0|cinema paradiso is a sentimental masterpiece. quite simply the finest film ever made, it is an unabashedly emotional work of art. the film is alternately a celebration of life and the power of movies, and a bittersweet, somewhat sad tale of a man who is betrayed by a girl and who subsequently builds up walls and never finds love and can only get his joy through the films he watches and, then, makes. this movie will make you laugh and cry almost at the same time. and alfredo is, to me, one of the most memorable, lovable characters in film history. the ending - alfredo's gift to toto - will make you sit in teary-awed awe, just as the character in the movie is as he watches what unfolds on the screen. if you have a heart, you will love this movie. if you don't love this movie, sorry, but you're pretty much a loser...
B00004Z311|5.0|I ordered this DVD the second that I saw that it was going to be released on Jan. 9 2001. We'll it's Feb. 3 and it has been pushed back to some unknown date. I've been searching for the European release of this movie for about 8 years now and am very excited about the idea of actually seeing it in it's intended form. I'm tired of waiting, release it already. Or just send an advanced copy my way so I can stop whining about already. If you're finding this review usful that I'd have to say you're whining too. To all the whiners out there, may you enjoy a fine bottle of wine on your virgin viewing of this Jerry Goldsmith version. Visit me at &quot;iwonderifishouldgrowfacialhair.com&quot;
B00000K19E|5.0|THIS FILM IS A DIRE WAKE UP CALL to what is fast becoming of our  species and civilization...Truth is always the most entertaining of all, and this film kicks truth like no movie I've seen in years...if you feel the world is becoming more and more bizarre by the minute, then The Matrix will resonate deeply with your soul's awakening to this truth and help bring you back home to yourself...for you are The One to whom it speaks, and your self-awakening Love is critical for the salvation of not only yourself but this entire, increasingly machine-driven world...
0812548094|5.0|This novel contains some of the best aspects of epic fantasy.  Both Kahlan &amp; Richard (the main characters) are even better in this novel. They face many challenges but prove themselves as worthy to them.  This is a great book! And it is one of Goodkind's best.
6300213668|4.0|Whereas this movie is not overly deep, it does deal with the fun times of high school.  Friendships and relationships are portrayed in a amusing manner.  John Travolta and Olivia Newton John fit their parts like a hand in a glove.  Thesongs seem to blend in nicely from scene to scene and the special effects of the day work real fine.  Especially like Frankie Avalon's moment in the spotlight.  The time period is a bit helter skelter it seems like the movie jumps from the beginning of the school year to the end in almost a heartbeat.  But that is not enough to flatten this effort.  It has a wide appeal so most audiences will enjoy it.
0896760839|5.0|This is one of the books that we refer to constantly for real historical accuracy. It is for serious researchers of the period and contains information that can be found no other place. When we were researching my very first &quot;Nobility&quot; costume this was the book that I went to for the basic cut of the doublet. I also used it in an endevour to maintain real historical accuracy. We use this refence constantly when showing people ideas for accurate costumes
B00003CXE6|4.0|Russel Crowe is Maximus, the Spanish-born General who has brought the Roman empire its final victory against the barbarians. Now with Roman rule stretching out across the world, and knowing of Ceaser Marcus Aurelius' desire to return the rule of gov't to the Roman Senate, Maximus seeks only to return to his family. Everybody has other plans however. Corrupt Senators who prefer the old way, and the emperor's amoral son, Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix), want the popular general to support their plans for Empire, while the sage Aurelius (Richard Harris) tags Maximus to head an interim government with the aim of restoring the supremacy of senatorial rule. Dispatching his father and naming himself Ceasar, the evil Commodus orders the deaths of Maximus and his family. Escaping, Maximus reaches his family in time to witness their brutal murders at the hand of Roman soldiers, before he is enslaved and sold to Proximo (Oliver Reed). Once a gladiator, Proximo now trains other slaves to fight in the crumbling arenas of the empire's fringe-provinces. Not revealing his identity at first, Maximus bides his time, knowing he will eventually reach Rome and revenge himself. Distinguishing himself in the arena (he brings teamwork to the other gladiators who are supposed to fight for themselves), Maximus has his wish and returns to Rome where he gives Ceaser Commodus a rude shock. Winning the hearts of the Romans (if spectators of the brutal games can be said to have any heart), Maximus becomes a larger figure in Roman society as a slave than a general, looming larger than the emperor himself. Becoming desperate as his subjects begin to idolize the gladiator, the ever grim and demented emperor resorts to ever more severe measures to undermine the ex-general both within and without the coliseum.<br />I didn't want to see \\"Gladiator\\", but Russell Crowe and Director Ridley Scott won me over. While Scott gets a lot of mileage out if his charachters, none of whom are really defined, it's his vision of the Empire (c. 180) that makes the film. Sure we know it's all CGI, but Scott's trademark touches (smoky light, bustling crowds, and constantly having something - whether smoke, garlands, rolls of bread or snowdrifts) create an ambient setting that is either cold, or hot, dry and sandy or swampy, but lways enveloping. Like the spanish general, Russel Crowe conquers the film as the brooding Maximus, the husband of a murdered wife, father of a murdered son and redeemer of the enslaved empire of Rome.
B00003CXE6|5.0|This movie is not scary, but action filled, and you can't stop you have to watch it from the beginning to the end. It may be bloody but the story of how a General became a slave, how a slave became a Gladiator and how a gladiator defied an emperor entraps you into the best movie ever made!!! From the music to the action this movie was made to be a sell out!!!! It is my favorite movie of all times!!!
B00000269M|5.0|This album went right along with &quot;Let It Loose&quot; from Gloria Estefan and &quot;Whitney&quot; from Whitney Houston, in 1987, 3 albums that I just couldn't stop listening to and with 7 songs released how could you stop. &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;The Way You Make Me Feel&quot;, &quot;Dirty Diana&quot; and &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; were some of my favorites from this album all 7 releases hit the top 10, 5 went to #1, only &quot;Another Part Of Me&quot; and &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; did not, this is a classic album, I dare I say this like this somewhat more than &quot;Thriller&quot; and &quot;Leave Me Alone&quot; added later to the album also became a Top 10 hit. One Of Michael's Baddest-in a goo way
B000005RT8|2.0|re-issue this album without the annoying &quot;Temporary Secretary&quot;    P L E A S E !
B000002LGQ|5.0|In case you're wondering any Madonna album I review always get 5 stars because she has nothing to prove to me, nonetheless she does it anyway. With &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; the album in 1989 already 12 years old she gave us a glimpse that she was maturing as an artist. And like her previous and future album she gave us even more hits(12 years old WOW!). &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; the first single quickly went to #1, followed by &quot;Express Yourself&quot;(excellent song), which hit #1, also &quot;Cherish&quot;(another classic) #1 also then came the very dark &quot;Oh Father&quot;(great video) went Top 3, and finishing with &quot;Keep It Together&quot;(no video and all) went to #4, just adding to the hits from this timeless artist, this album by the way made the 100 best album of all time, You Go Madonna! &quot;Dear Jessie&quot; the albums non-release over in the U.S. hit top 10 in the U.K.(that video shows the softer side of Madonna). Keep On Going Madonna!
B000002ULO|2.0|I'm not convinced that this is all that great for a McCartney CD. :-((
B000002L9S|5.0|This is the album that started it all for me, this was the album I bought on tape on my own in 1986, and I wasn't disappointed by this album and I am still not 15 years(can you believe it) later. From the first listen I was hooked, &quot;Live To Tell&quot;, &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot;, &quot;True Blue&quot;, &quot;Open Your Heart&quot; and &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot; all top 3 hits with &quot;Live To Tell', &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot; and &quot;Open Your Heart&quot; all going to number. It's amazing to think that this album turns 15 years old this year, just like &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; turned 10 years it 1999 and &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot; turns 10 this year. Like her album &quot;Music&quot; this album is a classic all the songs on this album are golden. Just like any Madonna album or song she doesn't get old and this is the cream of the crop.
B0000025OP|4.0|File Planet Waves under the category of &quot;unjustly forgotten Bob Dylan classics,&quot; next to Hard Rain and New Morning. This album is a pleasure from start to finish, raw and uncompromising. Much of the credit goes to the spry bluesy backing of the Band. But of course there are the songs, and they are typically magnificent. Anyone who says Dylan flamed out after the 60s is sorely mistaken and missing out on some great music.
B0000009SE|4.0|You know what I think is the most fascinating thing is about this musically fascinating album? Its title. &quot;Waka/Jawaka.&quot; What is that? My guess is it's Zappa's terminology for what an electric guitar sounds like when you strum it with the wah-wah pedal on...waka jawaka jawaka...<br />Anyway, it's the title cut that's the stand out here; it features some tasty playing by Sal Marquez on Trumpet, Don Preston on Moog (Don has said that this is his favorite recorded solo of all the records he did with Frank) and a really inventive and melodic guitar solo from the wheelchair-bound maestro himself. The chord changes during the solos, and the soloists' seamless adaptation to those changes, catch my ear every time.<br />&quot;Your Mouth&quot; and &quot;It Just Might Be A One Shot Deal&quot;, the two vocal cuts, concern a &quot;lyin' woman&quot; type and a vacuum cleaner salesman, respectively. Dropping a Sneaky Pete Kleinow pedal steel solo into the middle of &quot;One Shot Deal&quot; was a stroke of genius on Frank's part.<br />Buy this one with &quot;The Grand Wazoo,&quot; the album recorded simultaneously with and released shortly after this one. It shows what Frank could do with an even BIGGER band of hotshot studio people and his best Mothers in tow.
B0000025OP|4.0|File Planet Waves under the category of &quot;unjustly forgotten Bob Dylan classics,&quot; next to Hard Rain and New Morning. This album is a pleasure from start to finish, raw and uncompromising. Much of the credit goes to the spry bluesy backing of the Band. But of course there are the songs, and they are typically magnificent. Anyone who says Dylan flamed out after the 60s is sorely mistaken and missing out on some great music.
0679441018|5.0|I must confess that I hated this book the first time I read it but after reading the entire book a few more times, I grew to love it. I thought Anne's concept of the character Memnoch (aka Satan) was believable. Just like all human beings, he is flawed as is the almighty God who was portrayed as ruler who rules heaven with an iron fist. As I have read this book over and over, I have come to a conclusion that God isn't all that Christianity has made him to be and he is just as fallible as the Lucifer but this is just  my humble opinion. I find this book exceptionally compelling is that it brings up the subject in subtle tones the relationship of God and Memnoch. I personally didn't find the scene of Lestat taking a drink of God's blood shocking as most people would. I thought it was just part of the storyline of the battle between God and Memnoch. Whether Anne Rice meant it to be shocking or not is difficult for me to say. Only Anne would know. In conclusion, Anne Rice has remained my favorite author to this very day. She has proven with this book her articulate writing abilities and obviously shows the readers the amount of research she put into her stories like &quot;Memnoch the Devil&quot;.
B000002GQK|5.0|Its been too long since I've listen to these guys on a regular basis, but I've been a big fan for the past eight years of my life (I'm in my early twenties) and these guys saved me from continuing to listen to rap and other lame pop garbage way back when I was in junior high.  Well, I probably would have grown out of that anyway.  At any rate, I've long been a fan of the Moodies' more contemporary work, but I've recently begun to delve back into their earlier, more experimental releases.  Of the core seven &quot;Every Boy Deserves Favour&quot; has to be my absolute favorite.  <br />From the very first track, &quot;Procession&quot;, you realize that you are being taken into another world and, as the mysterious yet somehow catchy sound effects and instrumentation illuminate, its a beautiful one.  The album then kicks into gear with &quot;The Story In Your Eyes&quot;, probably the band's most hard-rocking tune and always a concert favorite.  &quot;Our Guessing Game&quot; and the serene, poignant &quot;Emily's Song&quot; tone things down once more, allowing the listener relax a bit in sheer contentment before being taken into &quot;After You Came&quot;, another highly energetic track.  After this point the album remains relatively mellow, but at the same time is no less compelling or enjoyable.  Even the &quot;lame&quot; Nice To Be Here is intriguing if not pleasant to listen to.  Interesting that a past reviewer commented on it sounding like a Sesame Street rip-off, especially since I'm pretty sure that Sesame Street hadn't even been invented back then.  But hey, I wouldn't bet my life on it.  Not to put down anyone's comments (I'm just playin' around a bit).  &quot;You Can Never Go Home&quot;, which is in fact playing on my cd rom right now, is probably the best ballad on this masterpiece, my favorite anyway.  Touching lyrics and Justin Haywards soft-sounding voice are tough to beat.  And &quot;My Song&quot;, probably one of Mike Pinder's more experimental moments andmaybe the most unique song I've ever heard, ends this experience on a good note.  Try laying on your bed at night with the headphones on, closing your eyes, and listening to the instrumental portion of this track.  See where it takes you.  I dare you!<br />Rock on, Moody Blues!
0783232039|5.0|I thought this movie was so very funny, more so than scary! I would have to say if you are a Jennifer Tilly fan this is a must see movie.
B000002A3T|5.0|I think this is the best Pink Floyd album ever. It is different from the old days for sure but definetely not a bad difference. When I first listened to this album, I just felt unbelievably amazed. It was the ultimate musical experience for me. It was the thing I have waited all of my life.<br />Get this album. You won't regret. Be careful when listening to High Hopes because you may want to fly from your window to the world of magnets and miracles.
B000002HH2|5.0|I really love Nellee Hooper's influence on this album.  (Nellee is also responsible for the music &amp; score of Baz Luhrmann's &quot;Romeo + Juliet&quot;).  The album is deep, eclectic, and infinitely listenable.  It challenges the listener, and at the same time has a really big payoff in every track.  This album also plays like a complete unit, instead of a succession of tracks.  Each song feeds into the next, and segues into the next seamlessly.<br />Each song is strong in its own way, and each song introduces the listener to a different type of audio excitement!  Bjork's lyrics are wonderful: alternately spare and lush, obscure and frank.  The music swings from hardcore electronica to swing, to explorations of different techno styles.  After my first listen to this album, I was hooked.  It isn't your typical album, and it is one of Bjork's finest performances.<br />If you even sort of appreciate electronica, you must listen to this album.  You'll love it, and you'll constantly play it.
158234082X|5.0|What a FABULOUS book... crude, rude, insightful,informative and excruciatingly funny!!!!!!<br />Kudoos to Chef Bourdain to tell it like it is.. I'd really love to &quot;do lunch&quot; with his wife Nancy!!!
B000001GQC|5.0|The cinematic world would be a far more enjoyable place to venture into if we had more composers who could write film music like Prokofiev could. His foray into the movie world (for Eisenstein's films Ivan the Terrible and Alexander Nevsky) must be considered one of the pinnacles of film music. The cantata Alexander Nevsky is built from material from the film of the same name. Unlike most film music it is more than aptly suited to survive on its own, away from the screen. The other two works on this disc are less than masterworks, but still very entertaining. The Scythian Suite is hardly Prokofiev's genius at work. It was written originally as a ballet (in direct competition with Stravinsky's Rite of Spring) for Diaghilev, but was rejected. He salvaged the music and made the Scythian Suite, which is very violent, primitive, brutal and quite entertaining. Lt. Kije is a fun little piece, it's Romance is particularily delightful. I think you would have a lot of trouble finding a better performance of Nevsky than this one, Abbado's talent is at it's peak here, and the LSO can really belt out the loud moments of this music (and they are VERY loud), without losing their clarity. In short, Nevsky is the kind of music that makes Prokofiev one of my all-time favorite composers.
B00000099Y|5.0|When I first bought this in 1996 I thought this is Tool's worst work.  Of course, Tool's worst still means beyond great.  However, after listening to it a few times, and sleeping with the stereo on, I came to realize this is Tool's best effort to date.<br />Aenema is not as fast as Opiate or as heavy as Undertow.  It is more on the trippy side, take the listener on more of an adventure than an all out war.  The songs are fairly long, giving time for your mind to digest the notes; and the music is slighty more mellow.<br />Now, even though this is different from all of Tool's other works, it is such a slight change that it seems as though all they did was change the atmosphere rather than the actual style.  The only way to understand truely is to hear the CD for yourself.
1568492502|5.0|Watership Down is a stupendously marvelous book about rabbits. It starts out when a young rabbit named Fiver, a rabbit with the gift of foresight, sees the warren they live in being destroyed, and they must leave there at once, with as many as will follow. He convinces his brother Hazel, simply because Hazel knows the truth of his dreams. They approach the Thearah, the head of the rabbits, but that does not go well. So they leave the warren, and the story is of them traveling, trying to find a home, and at last succeeding. Then they have to get does from another warren, Efrafa, that is run very militarily by a rabbit named General Woundwort. <br />That is a lot more to this novel than that extremely brief summary. You get to meet a grand sea gull named Kehaar. It is one of my most favoured books, and I know of none outside the fantasy market that touches its realm of invention. <br />The best thing about this novel is how thoroughly researched this is. This is not regular anthropomorphic fiction, where talking animals are just caricatures of humans, or they're animals without that true sense of their nature. The rabbits in WATERSHIP DOWN behave like real rabbits. I'd go so far as to call this THE LORD OF THE RINGS of this type of fiction, with talking animals. Adams has taken the real behaviour of rabbits and set them in a wonderful story. The depth of his achievement never fails to amaze me. He totally makes a believable real world of the rabbits, and from the rabbit's perspective. Besides being a great novel, this makes this work stand out even more so. All the places, including the place Watership Down, are real locations in England. <br />Although Brian Jacques' REDWALL series is often hailed in comparison to this, in terms of actual scope of reality, REDWALL and all its incarnations is inferiour to his in a particular sense. Not that I don't like REDWALL. Brian Jacques has a very real gift of telling a rollicking good yarn, and his series deserves everything itgets. Its just that WATERSHIP DOWN shows more craft in the sense that instead of taking animals and imposing them with personalities (which could be said of NARNIA and other heavy weights in this type of literature as well), with them losing their nature and taking on a definably human one, Adams did not go to that extreme. He balanced them with ultimately human traits necessary for the story, but still in keeping with their animal nature, with them behaving and acting like real rabbits. This is why I love this particular novel so much. It achieves a balance of animal and human qualities, of which so few stories in this particular genre attempt to achieve, which really creates a deficit in this facet of literature. Of course, not all these stories are trying to achieve that balance, or need too, because they are aiming for an entirely different point and are using anthropomorphic fiction as its vehicle, and that's alright. (Case in point: George Orwell's ANIMAL FARM, which is as every bit as good as this, although it is so for entirely different reasons.) It gives anthropomorphic fiction a new height and goal to shoot too: <br />1. To take an animal, for purpose of a story, and with human traits and failings let us get to know the character and its surroundings. <br />2. To take the character created, and to keep it in keeping with its real species. If it's a bear or an otter, have the bear and otter behave like real bears and otters. It makes the fiction so very much richer, although naturally it will confine the work in certain aspects. <br />The interaction between the rabbits and human society is an excellent treatise in its own right on man's dominance over nature. It gives a very interesting view on how animals interact and deal with us. They are two separate societies, and each must deal with the other. Of course, the humans have the overall hand. That is why, indeed, the rabbits led by Hazel and Fiver must forsake their home warren in the first place. On the Notice Board (name of the first chapter &quot;The Notice Board&quot;) there is a notice which reveals the humans will make a shopping mall or something like that in that location. Although this may seem strange, the only other books that I have read that gives a very interesting animal perspective on human society is in quite a different setting, with largely comic overtones. The HANK THE COWDOG books, a children's series greeted with enthusiastic response from both children and adults, gives a perfectly delightful view of human society from an animal's perspective. They are written by John R. Erickson (I'm proud to say I hail from his home state of Oklahoma, though now I am far removed from there). <br />In conclusion, one of the books I love and respect the most. His depth of invention is amazing, his achievement, although in a much different setting, parallels the achievements of Robert Jordan and J. R. R. Tolkien. This is one of those books I wished I had written (as H. G. Wells said of Sinclair Lewis' BABBITT, and, perhaps more importantly, Stephen King said of William Golding's LORD OF THE FLIES, another debut novel). I bought a hardback copy of SHARDIK, a novel of similar magnitude (or so they say.) I haven't read it yet. They say it topples this book, and if that is the case, Mr. Adams is even more so a truly remarkable writer of novels.
B000000HU1|5.0|The release of YOU represented the climax and therefore the end of an era. Al previous Gong releases where the buil-up to this &quot;orgasmic&quot; recording. It is also easy to understand why Daevid Allen left gong after this. The spiritual intensity of YOU cannot be beared for long. You have to give it a rest or loose your head. All Allen's GONGs are basycally the same: strong troubadour spirit plus eclectic/up-lifting musicianship. By the time YOU was released, Gong had not really evolved but had become very proffessional. I am also glad to see that Mr. Allen is on the road again. We certainly need his high spirit. I saw them in New York last fall and was quite impressed.
B000056JYB|4.0|Some great songs, and strangely I see the sound of Blind Faith in groups like Queen. Just compare parts of Bohemian Rhapsody with Presence of the Lord.
0380733358|5.0|It's World War II, 1944.  Where will the allies invade France?  Calais the shortest route across the English Channel or Normandy where there is a major seaport for logistical reasons?  This is based on reality, and, I believe, what was the largest ruse in military history actually happened to make Hitler believe it was Calais despite his correct gut feeling it was Normandy.  This included misfed intelligence and double agents.  In the book, the fictional part is that Hitler put his trust in one spy.  This is the story of that masterful spy, the British MI5 intelligence agents trying to find him, and the woman who has been waiting for someone just like him to liven or change her dead-end married life.  I couldn't put the book down for the finale.  In one word...awesome!
B000002UAX|5.0|The White Album is the best Beatle album every created, if not the best album of all time. Slow, entrancing songs like Happiness is a Warm Gun and perky tunes like Obladi Oblada blend together geniously. It blows my mind that anyone could write a piece of work this beautiful. I, myself, consider Lennon/MacCartney to be the best song writers of all time. They created such beautiful music that it almost makes me cry. I highly recommend this album to anyone with a solid knowledge of music and appreciates fine songwriting.
0790729725|1.0|This is the worst DVD I own.  Goodfellas is my favorite film and to see it get such shabby treatment on DVD is appalling.  The interactive scene menu is incomplete.  You have to flip the disc to see the second half of the movie. Do not buy this DVD.  Buy the letterbox VHS version.
0875428940|5.0|I appreciate this deck because of its Pagan symbolism. I will admit that up front.  I also appreciate the artwork, which others have criticized.  I find the artwork to be quite good, and more importantly, very true to the traditional symbolism of the Tarot.  As a result, this deck is pleasing to my eye and to my mind, which makes readings more fruitful.<br />I fail to understand the criticisms leveled by some that the art is not &quot;dark&quot; enough.  Certainly the Ten of Swords still holds its power.  The symbolism of The Devil, of course, has no horned boogeyman with ridiculous medieval overtones, and maybe that's what some of these people are referring to.  However, the actual symbolism of the card, the idea of being in bondage to something that is negative, is still intact.<br />Overall I find this deck eminently useful and very well done.  I would recommend it highly as a first deck, or as an addition to a collection.  Either way it is highly commendable.
0780625129|5.0|I discussed this film with a girl at work, she was wondering what DVDs to by for her boyfriend.  I suggested American History X but also warned her that though it was an amazing piece of cinema it was also not the nicest film she would see, no picket fences no manicured lawns.  Whilst half way through this some one else, someone  who until then I thought to be intelligent and open minded told her not to bother as the film is pointless.   After watching it you may not feel that it is a good movie &quot;I would disagree&quot; but I challenge any of you to claim it was pointless.  So if you fancy a film about racism that is not pointless. Is there any other sort? then I suggest you take the time to watch this and let it get into your mind
B000005IRG|5.0|There's a lot of controversy over this album.  Some people (usually musicians and serious music fans) love it, while some people (USUALLY more narrow-minded fans of pop music who don't have much interest in art) hate it.  I personally think it's a wonderful album, but it did take a little while to grow on me.  It's probably the most perfect use guitars (an instrument I think it painfully overused) I've ever heard.  It's creative...not the painfully irritating guitar solos of hard rock, or the boring chord strumming of pop-rock, or the pretentious, overcalculated soloing of Robert Fripp, John Mclaughlin and like.  Just beatiful, melodic playing. The singing also gets a lot of flak, and it does take some time to get used to, but it's no more irritating than other respected influencial bands such as The Velvet Underground, Roxy Music, Feelies, Violent Femmes, etc...and particularly less irritating than the hard rock &quot;singing&quot; of AC/DC, Aerosmith, and others. This album is not for everyone, but for people who are into art-rock and want to hear some interesting use of guitars (for a change) should definately check it out.
B00001ZWTS|2.0|The most cynical thing about the production of the WildWildWest is the utterly gratuitous appearance of (sigh)the incredible  Salma Hayek. Salma was obviously cast in the movie in order to get viewers who voraciously watch everything that has (sigh)the incredible Salma Hayek in it. <br /> What lost opportunities. We had the chance for several table dances by (sigh)the incredible Salma Hayek ala FromDusktilDawn. Instead she appears as a chracter with no logical connection to the plot (such as it is). If you can accept a black US Army Intelligence agent running around the antebellum South, then more power to you. Of equal jaw-dropping idiocy is the filmmakers' concept of a US Marshal who doesn't use guns. A sort of pre-modern McGuyver who risks the lives of groups of innocent people with explosive devices, rather than use &quot;evil&quot; firearms.<br /> The only thing that could have saved this movies was a few table dances by (sigh)the incredible Salma Hayek. Instead we get disappointment. For shame, for shame.
B000001FY9|4.0|This cd really got me interested in reggae, now I only listen to reggae.buy it
630512762X|4.0|Travolta and Cage - how much more perfect can it be?  This awesome, riveting story starts at Travolta's local couty fair and the roller coaster gets stuck on top of the chain lift.  Travolta goes to help, but then Cage comes and tries to murder Travolta. There are many fights with great special effects, and the end is  very un-predictable.  Also, the roller coaster Face Off at Pareamount's Kings Island is great - it goes 55 m.p.h, 875 ft. of track, but there can be a long wait.
B00000DF6O|5.0|Blue, smooth and sweet.  I can't play this CD enough.  What a band he has behind him!
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pink is my favorite singer of all time... everything about her is incredible. Her voice is great, it can sound hardcore and edgy on her fast songs (&quot;There You Go&quot;, &quot;Hiccup&quot;) and soulful and soft on her beautiful slow songs (&quot;Stop Falling&quot;, &quot;Let Me Let You Know&quot;). The CD is filled with hyper, catchy hip-hop beats and silky smooth R&amp;B melodies. My personal favorites are the #1 smash single &quot;There You Go&quot;, &quot;Hiccup&quot;, &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot;, &quot;Split Personality&quot;, &quot;Let Me Let You Know&quot; and &quot;Private Show.&quot; &quot;Stop Falling&quot; is also a very soft, beautiful ballad if you like those kind of songs. She really pours her heart out on it. With so much variety and personality put into her debut CD, Pink delivers big time! Highly recommended.
020530902X|5.0|In 1919 when William Strunk Jr. was an English professor at Cornell, he self-published this small volume and used it as a required textbook.  One of his students was E.B. White who later wrote the children's classic, &quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; and was also a columnist for the New Yorker.  In 1957, Mr. White made some slight revisions and had &quot;The Elements of Style&quot; republished.  The result, as they say, is history.  Now in its fourth edition, this small book has become a classic.  I know I must have learned my grammar in elementary school, but I have no recollection of actual lessons.  I don't think I ever did learn terms such as adjectival modifier, adverbial phrase, split infinitive, intransitive verb or participial phrase.  My teachers must have done a good job though, because grammar has never been a problem for me.<br />Only 85 pages long, this book was a good refresher course for me.  It emphasizes clarity and conciseness and certainly is a good example of this concept itself.  Of course it's not easy subway reading;  grammar rules do tend to be rather boring.  I can't help but picture a rather stuffy old man with a condescending attitude standing at a lectern and giving his own rule for the use of the word &quot;prestigious&quot; which he considers an adjective of last resort.  &quot;It's in the dictionary,&quot; he says,  &quot;but that doesn't mean you have to use it&quot;.  I'm not a big fan of this kind of wit, although it does make the lessons he teaches more palatable.  He's a product of another era, when students held their professors in reverence.  It was the style then to talk down to students and I don't like being talked down to, even in a little book and by a man who's been dead since 1946.<br />But it's not about the messenger;  it's about the message.  And Professor Strunk had something to important to say.  He made a good case for clarity. I applaud that.  Much of what I already believe was reinforced.  In spite of myself, I did learn a lot.  And getting the essence of English grammar and style into so few pages is a feat of genius. I highly recommend this book.  If you can get past the attitude you will find it can even apply to e-mail correspondence. Take advantage of the learning experience.  You won't be sorry.arn a lot.  And getting the essence of English grammar and style into so few pages is a feat of genius. I highly recommend this book.  If you can get past the attitude you will find it can even apply to e-mail correspondence. Take advantage of the learning experience.  You won't be sorry.
0553106635|4.0|The Good:<br />Complex, much better than A Clash of Kings, exciting, many momentous events take place (in the context of the series), some nice twists and surprises along the way.<br />The Bad:<br />With the style of storytelling (having separate chapters for each main character), it can get frustrating leaving off on a climax of one character to begin reading the next chapter on a different character (which slowly builds up to a climax only to switch you to someone else, where you must start again). Also, one or two main events were a bit of an anticlimax. <br />Overall:<br />Very good read. Looking forward to the next installment. <br />By the way, I've read lots of reviews here mentioning Robert Jordan's books. Personally, I lost interest completely in those after the 3rd or 4th book, and found them increasingly frustrating to read. And I found the style of writing to be inferior to that of Martin's, although the Jordan series could be targeted towards a different segment. If you want to read some other very good fantasy novels, I highly recommend the Black Company series by Glen Cook. The Black Company chronicles are probably the best fantasy books I've read, although they haven't been given the same marketing push as other fantasy novels. Martin's are good so far, but we'll have to see what he's building up to (there's been an awful lot of building up in the last few books of Martin's).
006092988X|5.0|For the life I don't know how Betty Smith managed to write my life decades before I was born. I too, am a Brooklyn native and I truly believe Smith has a amazing style of writing. Like Francie, I'm the older daughter, and I have a younger brother close in age. If I were to describe all the similarities between Francie's life and mine, I would never finished. I recommend this novel whole-heartedly. Every Brooklynite should read this. Though the story takes place in an entirely different era, Smith evokes a wave of nostalgia to all who understand the appeal of Brooklyn.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|I like Nick anyway, but this movie is awesome. I'm not much of a car fan, but you become one while watching this movie. The action and the fast pace seens are worth watching. Over and over and over again. Boy I would love to have that car!
0451457994|4.0|\\"2001\\" the movie was a tour de force.  Over thirty years after its release, HAL's \\"eye\\", HAL's voice, and the monolith are instantly recognizable, even to those who were not born when the movie was first released.  Despite this instant recognition, how many people do you know truly understood the movie, especially the end?<br />If you want a deeper understanding of the story, if you want to know why HAL did what he did, if you just want to know what that ending was about, or if you want to showoff for your friends by \\"knowing\\" what all that weird stuff was about, then I recommend you read this book.  Even if you have read it before, I would encourage you to read the book again this year, because it is the year 2001.<br />\\"2001\\" is actually three relatively independent stories tied together by the mystery of the monoliths.  The story begins several million years ago at the dawn of mankind.  Actually, we are still little more than apes, and our ancestors are on the verge of extinction.  The story follows one ape-man named Moon-Watcher and his interactions with an alien artifact.  The story then jumps forward to modern times (which was roughly 35 years into the future when Clarke wrote the story), and we follow the story of Dr. Heywood Floyd and the discovery of an ancient alien artifact buried on the moon.  Finally, we move a little further into time as Dave Bowman, Frank Pool, and their AI system named HAL voyage to Saturn (Jupiter in the movie).<br />I both enjoyed and was saddened by Clarke's vision for our present day.  In only a dozen years we went from the very first satellite (Sputnik) to putting men on the Moon.  Now, over thirty years after that first moon landing, mankind cannot even escape low earth orbit.  So, while Clarke's vision of our future three decades out missed the mark , I would argue the failure was ours and not his.  Nevertheless, I found reading a vision of our present day that was written over thirty years ago exciting.<br />The book, like the movie, is not exactly fast paced.  It focuses heavily on the \\"science\\" in \\"science fiction,\\"  and the characters are never developed very much, and for these reasons I did not give it a full five stars.  However, I still strongly recommend you read the book.  It is, after all, 2001.
0812550757|5.0|Until tonight I thought JRR Tolkien was the greatest author of now time. Now I think that he might be second best. This book has changed the entire perspective of my life. The only bad part is the cover.
0553296981|5.0|I really loved this book and I just finished reading it for an eighth grade reading assignment. Many of my class mates hated the book and thought it was boring. Yeah some parts are slow but they probably don't understand it. Many teens today don't like it. You have think about it to understand it. When you think about it it makes more sence. If you thought it was boring, think of how they felt when they had to be there. Just be thankful you didn't have to expierence that. When you relize all the hopes and dreams she had it gets real sad. She was a real good person. One of her last quotes and most famous is<br />&quot;In spite of everything I still believe that all people are really good at heart.&quot; -Anne Frank<br />When you think about it, that really means a lot especially with all the troubles she had to go through because of the Nazi's.
B00004Z459|5.0|this cd is awesome. the lyrics are outstanding. they are so meaningful. it is a mixture of rock and rap that blends to make extremely good music.
6305014140|4.0|Ninja Scroll is pretty much the stereotypical fantasy anime movie.  Over the top gore, over the top sex and perversion and over the top demons and monsters.  But does that mean the movie is bad?  No, it just means that you should probably keep the kids away from this one.<br />The first thing to realize about Ninja Scroll is that it really is not for the squeamish.  Throughout the movie there are gallons of blood, limbs, bodies, a rape scene and also a scene with a snake and a woman (actually, there are tons of snakes but there is one in particular that will probably surprise you at least a little).  There really isn't any time when there isn't either nudity or death after the first few minutes in the movie.<br /><br />If you can stomach the violence and perversition you will find a well animated movie with a good, if standard, plot.  The animation is very well done and the action sequences (and there are a lot) are easy enough to follow.  While I thought some of the character designs were fairly annoying (especially the snake lady's face), they are animated well and individual enough to be able to identify each character with no problem (even those that you see only twice throughout the movie).  The plot itself is fairly stock, but it works well in the context.  A wandering swordsman is recruited by an old man to fight eight demons as well as a man that swordsman thought he had slain years ago.  The two are also joined by a woman swordsman whose body is too toxic to for any intimate contact (though that is by no means a deterent of her getting naked a few times).  After the characters are introduced it basically becomes one long drawn out fight with the plot trudging along in the background.<br /><br />The music in this film is pretty good.  Maybe not something you would rush out to buy on a CD later, but it moves the movie along well enough and contributes to the action.  The sound fx fit very well and seem to work well with the action on the screen.<br /><br />Inthe end I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good samurai flick or to anyone who likes tons of bloodletting.  Again, though, keep it away from the youngins.
B000002O7C|5.0|What a great soundtrack to a great movie. I love the film and the music is just as great. Red Route One on track 8 is the best. Great slow moving tune when the submarine runs the underwater canyons. Makes me want to be a sailor for some reason.
6304806418|5.0|The music in this rendition of Evita is the closest I've heard to the original London cast recording. The acting and filming in this movie were suprisingly good and supported the music flawlessly. The transition from stage to screen worked very well. Overall the movie was quite immersive. In comparison, the musical quality outshined the Premiere American recording of 1979 (which I found extremely disappointing.)
0385484518|5.0|Reading Tuesdays With Morrie was a school project. I felt it was a book that I couldn't put down. I read about things in the book that I have taken for granted all my life. And that is Life itself. I also felt that Morrie had great lessons to teach and he taught them well. I admired Morrie for his courage throughout the book. Until his last day, he was a very brave human being. In short, by reading this book, several of life's lessons can be learned.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Maybe I am somewhat biased because I like this time period of history, but I thought this was a great movie. The special effects at times were a little obvious and unrealistic-looking, but overall they did a great job. The bonus disc has some great extras that add a lot to the viewing experience. I would recommend this movie to people who liked Braveheart, but don't expect Maximus to be William Wallace. They are completely different movies, but you could see similarities between the two movies. In any case, Gladiator has action, romance, and some great dramatic scenes that should be appealing to most movie enthusaists.
B000056H7W|5.0|Wow! What a great disc... Opeth did a great job on the 5th album in their catalog, &quot;Blackwater Park&quot;. It starts off like just about every Opeth album, with the 2 heaviest songs right up front. But, I must admit that the cd is at its peak of brilliance somewhere in the middle of the album. Track 6 &quot;The Funeral Portriat&quot; is my personal favorite, which starts off in a 12 string acoustical intro before it gets heavy. But what surprized me the most about this cd is that there wasn't as much clean tone vocals and pure acoustical songs as their past 2 albums. But hey, the album is still another perfection in the Opeth saga. <br />Let me give you all a little bit more of what to expect. &quot;Harvest&quot;, which is track 3, is the only pure acoustical song on the album. It is prety much a struming song, however it is unlike anything I have ever heard from Opeth in the past. Track 4, &quot;The Drapery Falls&quot;, I'm sure most everyone has heard from the sound clip on [...] actually takes a turn. The song is all clean tone for the first five minutes, then gets heavy with Opeth's well known gutteral vocals. Then the song gets clean again towards the end and the vocals get amazing with these perfect harmonies. Mikael did a great job with the vocal tracks on &quot;The Drapery Falls&quot;, by far I think it was his best singing to date. &quot;Pattern in the Ivy&quot;, which is track number 6 is a great addition to this cd. It took me right back to their first album ORCHID with the track &quot;Requiem&quot;. So, the deal with &quot;Pattern in the Ivy&quot; is that it is a short instrumental that just seems to keep a spiritual mood in the album.<br />I'm not too sure of what Blackwater Park has in line for a story. But, I'm confident that it is another concept album. Unfortunalty I don't have a copy of the lyrics yet. So, I'm not too sure of what anything means, but the album does seem to have the same mood that is found in &quot;My Arms, Your Hearse&quot; and &quot;Still Life&quot;. The songs are still epics with the changes from distortion to clean. And of course you can expect to hear Mikeal sing in his clean voice, but there are a lot of parts in the vocal tracks done with heavy reverb. But, it worked!<br />So, what can I say? If you were any bit dissapointed with either of Opeth's last 2 albums, I'd stay away from this one. However, if you really enjoyed the last two discs released by Opeth as much as I did, I'm sure this album will be an instant classic in your musical tastes. And, if you have never heard Opeth before... Well, what a better time than now to check 'em out! <br />I'm sure most everyone will be pleased with the direction Opeth has taken. They are still heavy, they are still soft, they still do the death metal routine, as well as the progressive aspects. What still gets me is that Opeth does not have the fan base that they deserve. This is one of the mosted talented group of individuals, and their music has the ability to engulf the listener in such a perfection of sound. So, do yourself a favor... Order the disc, love it and live it!
B000002C25|5.0|Be here now, although highly criticized, even by band members themselves is not an album to be scoffed at.  Every song is full of thoughtful and insighful lyrics, enchanting melodies, instrumentation and effects. <br />The three &quot;Power Ballads&quot; are enough to move anyone.  (Stand by Me, Don't go Away, and All Around the World)  All three are amazing.  Stand by me and Don't go Away are a bit sad, yet also sweet.  All around the World  is empowering, and it's length is easily justified.<br />&quot;The girl in the Dirty Shirt&quot; is sweet and uplifting.  It has a moderate tempo, and the message is simple, and kind. Its ending is fun musically.<br />Even &quot;Magic Pie&quot; and &quot;Fade In-Out&quot; Which many people seem to think are in-cohesive and just plain odd are actually terrific songs.  I liked them on the first listen, but I have found that if you don't like a certain Oasis song you will if you listen to it a few times.<br />That was the case with &quot;My Big Mouth&quot; and &quot;It's Getting Better Man!&quot;.  Although they weren't my favorites the first time through, I wouldn't dare skip them now.<br />&quot;Be here Now&quot; is fun and up-beat, as is &quot;I hope I think I know&quot;, and should be liked by those let down by long ballads.  &quot;D'you Know what I mean?&quot; has a western feel and is by all means danceable.  While there is no big philosophical revelation in the chorus, listen to the lyrics in the bridge.<br />Many People say &quot;Be Here Now&quot; was a let down because of the greatness of Morning Glory, but I think both have a lot to offer.  While Morning Glory contained more &quot;Beatle-esque&quot; pop-rock tunes,Be Here now seems more Intro-spective and personal.<br />Noel himself states that at least three of the songs on morning glory have no meaning at all, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, its just different from BHN, in which it is easy to find meaning in most of the songs.<br />Once again the boys of Oasis have created a musical and Lyrical masterpiece, no matter what anyone says.  The wide variety of tunes, ranging from the epic &quot;All around the World&quot; freaturing multiple layers of every intrument imaginable, to the hard rocking &quot;My Big Mouth&quot; is amazing.<br />Excuses should not be made not to buy this record.  It is superb, and will be enjoyed by all fans of rock 'n' roll, and amazing songwriting.  It's not just one for the die-hard fans, as many reviewers note.  This is an album for the masses!
0385484518|5.0|Reading Tuesdays With Morrie was a school project. I felt it was a book that I couldn't put down. I read about things in the book that I have taken for granted all my life. And that is Life itself. I also felt that Morrie had great lessons to teach and he taught them well. I admired Morrie for his courage throughout the book. Until his last day, he was a very brave human being. In short, by reading this book, several of life's lessons can be learned.
B0000025F7|5.0|When the U.S. Postal Service's &quot;Celebrate the Century Express&quot; train stopped in my hometown during September 2000, the songs coming from the outdoor speakers were those from this album, including &quot;Girlfriend&quot; and &quot;It's the Falling in Love&quot;. This was fitting, because &quot;Off the Wall&quot; is one of the finest pop albums of the 20th century. Produced by Quincy Jones, who also produced George Benson's magnificent 1980 album &quot;Give Me the Night&quot;, the album is enjoyable from start to finish, with 10 solid songs that deserved their popularity among radio listeners and rollerskaters. In his autobiography &quot;Moonwalk&quot;, Jackson described Jones as &quot;the best producer I could have asked for&quot; and explained how the two felt it was important to &quot;capture passion and strong feelings in a recorded performance.&quot; They succeeded in their quest. Michael's singing is brilliant. Bassist Louis Johnson plays as well as Chic's bassist Bernard Edwards. The rhythm section varies the beats at various parts of a song so that they don't end up being monotonous. And the guitar players are great, too. The songs &quot;Rock With You&quot; and &quot;Off the Wall&quot; have solid grooves that can be listened to repeatedly with great enjoyment. The vocalists and musicians on this album are masters of the R&amp;B, disco, and pop genres.
B00005214X|5.0|This ablum is incredable. Its addiction. I mean if any of these songs, were on Bealtes albums they would stand out, like all of Harrison's beatles songs did. if you want to compare this to a newer band, the new u2 ablum has sometimes the same feel to this. Bono's voice sounds rustic like Harrisons. The songs here are great. Here is a list of the top ones.(the original jams are asome) Let it down- Great chorus, great lryics. I know the whole song already. This is a great love song, with a softer more mellow verses, with a hard chourus. Powerful and dark, Let it down(acoustic bonus track)- Great remake of the original. Something to listen to if you want something quiter, with no loud drums or horns. MY SWEET LORD/2000- The new one isent to much different except, its sound quality is better. the quality takes time to get used to. At least on some songs. This is a song about Harrison's struggle to know the lord. There a few songs on here like that. HEAR ME LORD- Great ballad, alot of over production like usual, great song. THE ART OF DIEING- The darkest song on the ablum, with great gutair work. WHAT IS LIFE- A happy rock/pop song. Played it out quiclky. this song sticks out quicker at first, then goes away later. WAH-WAH- Rock song, with to many gutairs, at first it seems to distorted and clutered, then becomes a good song. ISENT IT A PITY- A long song, with great lryics. The second version on disc two is also good. BEWARE OF DARKNESS/ACOUSTIC- both great outakes, kinda catchy. Like it alot, jazz sort of. APPLE SCRUFFS- Genus chourus. Love it, just harmonica, and gutiar. I LIVE FOR YOU/BALLAD OF FRANKIE CRISP/ALL THINGS MUST PASS- MORE GOOD SONGS, a must buy!
B00004Z311|5.0|Hi,  I worked at this time at Chris Frankes recording studio in Berlin,Germany as a synthesizer technician, when the soundtrack from Tangerine Dream was produced for the LEGEND movie ! I was there, when Chris Franke Franke and the other guys from TD composed and mixed the soundtrack to the VHS SMPTE timecode, the american film director Ridley Scott brought with him. Chris and the other guys did a great job of composing very spherical music to the movie and I fell in love with special parts of the movie, already seeing it, when it was not yet released ! Then came the big boomer ! When the European release started out  inside the movie cinemas over here in Berlin, I went to the cinema and was so disappointed by this awfull Jerry Goldsmith music, that it was really a shame to see this movie this way crippled  !!!! I did not know the original soundtrack from Goldsmith until then, but it really made the movie such a lot unattractive ! Especially when you were used to see the beautiful spherical synchronisation of sound and vision of the Tangerine Dream production every day in the recording studio ! I never saw the complete original US release of the movie, cause it was never released over here, so I am very delighted to hear now of the introduction of the collectors edition DVD of the LEGEND movie including the Tangerine Dream soundtrack ! I am eagerly awaiting this release to have it in my collection  and some memories about this time, when I worked there and seeing it being produced ! So now you can compare for yourself, which music version you will love better ! ;)<br />Best regards, Stefan Hartmann, Berlin, Germany. harti@harti.com
B000002UAX|5.0|Why should you choose the White Album out of every other Beatles' album? Simple...you get more of their music, more of their diversity, and more of their brilliance on this one than any other album. Yes Sgt. Pepper is genius. Yes Revolver was voted the Greatest Album of All Time.  Yes many feel Rubber Soul is better.  But for a fuller experience (it'sdouble disc) THE WHITE ALBUM is eclectic, experimental, and still filled with the wonderul melodies and harmonies of the greatest and most influential band in the world. Listen to the chorus in Piggies, the pain in Yer Blues, the simplicity of I Will, the enjoyment of Oh-Bla-Dee-Bla-Da, the sheer exhaustion of I'm So Tired, and the good-old-fashioned storytelling of Rocky Racoon and Bungalo Bill.<br />They may not have recorded it together, but it's here forever.
6305095566|2.0|I must be the only person in the world who doesn't like &quot;The Evil Dead.&quot;  For the record, I don't HATE it, I just think it's disappointing considering the effort and talent involved.<br />A bunch of twentysomethings go up to a remote mountain cabin for the weekend, only to find forces of evil conspiring against them in the woods.  Eventually, demons start taking over the bodies of  everyone in sight until only one survivor (Bruce Campbell) is left standing.  That's the plot, no nutshell.  There is a lot of cartoonish gore thrown in to keep our interest.<br />Director Sam Raimi gives the proceedings a tongue-in-cheek tone and sets up many elaborate moments of over-the-top physical humor that simply don't pay off due to bad timing.  The overall craftsmanship of &quot;The Evil Dead&quot; is better than anything else in the movie, helped by some really excellent stop-motion effects at the climax.  Fans of Raimi's style of horror will no doubt love this, but as a &quot;horror classic&quot; this definitely comes up short.
B00004Z459|5.0|ok, let me make myself really clear when i say that this album is the best DEBUT album i have ever heard from any artist...PERIOD(no im not having mine.lots of laughs) tracks like points of authority and one step closer and papercut and basically all the rest of the tracks make this cd sumthing u definetly will not regret buying! o by the way another good hard rock &quot;debut&quot; is hard to swallow by vanilla ice, that is also a good cd! not the best but still good! peace out brudda's and sista's especially to my babe, bye!
B00004YW6I|5.0|On my quest for REAL MUSIC in this horrible period in rock 'n roll history where teenagers are routinely selling 5-10 million albums of their brainless, empty-headed, synthesized, electronically-tuned vocals, nonsensical, um... CDs, I bought PJ Harvey, never having listened to her before, thinking PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE let me get what I want: REAL vocals, truth, no gimmicky electronics, truth, life, truth, reality, truth, love, truth, pain, truth.  I got what I wanted.  I've listened to nothing else for 2 weeks.  Sometimes, when I'm playing the CD.... I feel like I can see through time...
006019250X|5.0|This is the rarest work of fiction - simple enough for the grade-school reader yet deep enough to crack a heart of stone.  Upon finishing this tale of travel, travail, and triumph, one will drop the book and rush to that dream often considered yet never begun.  Inspiring and emotionally uplifting, I recommend most highly this unparalled work of imaginative beauty.
B000002L42|5.0|I discovered Steely Dan LPs in the early 1970's.  Donald Fagen and Walter Becker were the constants defining Steely Dan -- their backing band varied.  Their lyrics discussed night life and the counterculture, telling tales equivalent to Greek and Roman lyric poetry.  Their arrangements were clean, precise and complex.<br />&quot;Live In America&quot; is a *exceptionally* clear live recording.  Its eleven selections were recorded during a 1993-94 reunion tour, and feature strong guitar, drum, and piano performances.  The &quot;Live in America&quot; selections are spontaneous and include lyrical twists different from Steely Dan's studio recordings.<br />Six of this recording's eleven selections are particularly notable: 'Babylon Sisters' (a night on the town in Los Angeles); 'Book of Liars' (features Walter Becker's soulful vocals); 'Third World Man' (a mercenary returns home); 'Kid Charlemagne' (1970's drug dealing); and 'Sign In Stranger' and 'Aja' (consider Arnold Schwartzenegger's movie &quot;Eraser&quot;).  These six selections make &quot;Live In America&quot; an exceptionally strong recording.  An even stronger recording would have resulted had it also included: 'My Old School' from &quot;Countdown to Ecstasy&quot;; 'Gaucho', 'Hey Nineteen', and 'Glamour Profession' from &quot;Gaucho&quot;; and 'Katy Lied' from &quot;Katy Lied&quot;.<br />I recommend &quot;Live In America&quot; to Steely Dan fans for its spontaneity and lyrical twists.  I recommend &quot;Live In America&quot; plus the studio recording &quot;Gaucho&quot; to those unfamiliar with Steely Dan's recordings.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Great combination of drama and modern hi tech special effects.<br />Ridley Scot's best so far.
B000002J7U|5.0|The reviewer, Jeff Bateman, accuses VOICES of being a cloak of velvety new age fog.  There are times when fog feels embryonic and comforting.  When you want to feel 'velvety comforted' then I recommend listening to VOICES.
B0000508U6|4.0|I was turned on to this album by a (fine) Welsh friend while I was vacationing in Sabang, Philippines. Suffice it to say I had a very hard time giving the disc back to him when it came time to leave. As an american musician I can't help but notice the stylistic and substantive similarities to the late Jeff Buckley. Songs like Yellow and Shiver resonate and dissolve with a shimmering poetry that holds a certain wisdom of the transient and fragile. Watching the sun melt slowly red on the South China Sea horizon while listening to a song like Yellow is/was truly a sublime experience. I highly recommend this recording to anyone searching for the same kind of insight and subtle inspiration given by Nick Drake or Jeff Buckley.
B00004Y6O7|4.0|Like any one of the first six Van Halen albums, Fair Warning is a 'must have' classic. On this release the band sound darker and less 'bright' than on their previous three efforts. Nonetheless, all the trademark VH sounds are there and the songwriting in particular is awesome. Eddie is simply outstanding on this disc - he plays out of his skin! Highlights are Mean Streets, Dirty Movies, Unchained (that riff!!) and Hear About It Later. If there was a point at which you could say the Van Halen sound matured this would be it. Of course they completely undid this progression with their next release, the ultra diverse, uncategorisable but brilliant Diver Down. This remastered edition of Fair Warning sounds great - really refreshed and lively. However, be warned that these VH remastered CD reissues still betray the lack of wallop and bass on the original works, courtesy of Ted Templeman's pristine but polite production.
B00000IQBM|5.0|In reading over the many viewer reviews, I see a disporportionate number of criticisms of the &quot;bear suit&quot; scene (which I personally found absolutely chilling; is this a glimpse of some weird, kinky, perverse sex scene involving the very proper butler??  That possibility scares ME!!) and NO criticisms of the totally hokey &quot;skeletons sitting upright in evening wear&quot; scene (I could NOT believe such a work of art would sink to such hackneyed levels, even in &quot;fun&quot;).  It was indisputably a GREAT movie, but I was left hanging (not literally)...  Who WAS that in the 1921 photo??  Is this a case of reincarnation?  Demonic possession??  An inherited mutant gene???
B00000IGGA|5.0|This is an unbelievable record.  It leaves me just shaking my head. Absolutely incredible! No one can come even remotely close to Waits. There are songs on this record that every human being on earth should hear. This is therapy - plain and simple. Go buy this record now!
B000003N89|5.0|As a die-hard fan of THE MAN, I am always skeptical of artists who attempt to remake Nat King Cole's songs. Many people fall short of recapturing the feeling that NKC evoked in his music. For years I have been in the frame of mind that only Natalie, Nat's daughter, and Freddie Cole, Nat's younger brother, were the only ones worthy of covering his material. Well, I admit I was wrong! Diana Krall and her trio have proved that.<br />Unlike Natalie Cole's tribute, on which she concentrated more on his career as a pop balladeer, Diana Krall celebrates Nat, the jazz musician, when he performed with his King Cole Trio in the 1940s. They were extremely popular with fans of both jazz and R&amp;B until Nat gave it up to become a pop singer in the 1950s. But the love we fans have of the music he created with his Trio lives on! Diana shows a genuine love for Nat on this CD by utilizing the same format that NKC did with his piano/bass/guitar group, and the results are amazing. You have Diana on piano and singing lead, Russell Malone on guitar, and Paul Keller on bass. It has become one of my favorites. I love Diana's smoky voice, and I love how she puts a female twist on these songs. My favorites are &quot;Boulevard of Broken Dreams&quot;, &quot;The Frim Fram Sauce&quot; and &quot;Gee Baby, Ain't I Good To You&quot;, but everything is excellent, from start to finish. Take it from a Cole fan, this CD is a keeper!
630518299X|5.0|I remember after watching this film for the first time I just looked up at the sky for a long time. It made me think so deeply about myself and the people around me in a way that few other films have managed to do. I have now watched this film about 5 times and each time I notice something new about it. It is first and foremost a media satire. With all of the T.V shows that are devoted to watching how normal people live, this film asks the question &quot;How far could we go?&quot;<br />The performances were excellent especially from Jim Carrey and Ed Harris. Ed Harris brings a sensitivity to Cristoph that makes you almost feel sorry for him. When he talks you can sense that he feels he is helping Truman rather than destroying him. I beleive that Jim Carrey is the only person that could have played this role to perfection. He makes Truman such a vulnerable character that you really care about what will happen to him. He also portrays the gradual change that Truman goes through so smoothly and beleivably that I think he definitely deserved an Oscar nomination for the role.<br />One of the disturbing things I found about this film was the amount of lying that was present. Imagine finding out that the people closest to you including your family had been lying to you for 30 years. You would be absolutely shattered. This is relevant in real life in that close friends who consistently lie and deceive you are no different from Marlon(Truman's best friend) or Meryl(Truman's wife). The different devices used by Cristoph to keep Truman on the island could be seen as the lies that keep us from reaching our full potential.<br />The direction by Peter Weir is excellent and the story is told so fluently that you will not be bored at all by this film. I find that the closer you look at this film, the more you will find. There are many ideas that fly by when you watch it the first time but become more apparent on multiple viewings.<br />This would definitely be in my top 10 films ofall time.
0061020680|5.0|I read this in one sitting - sitting, in fact, on the floor in Waldenbooks! Probably got a lot of funny looks from people who heard me sniggering to myself. Anyway, MORT is a fast-paced novel that tickles your funny bone, but covers several issues important in today's society. It's a smart book by a smart author, and my only complaint is that it was too short! I'm going to read the Discworld series as fast as I can get my hands on them - that's a promise. ;)
0767903854|5.0|Bill Bryson is probably the most popular author among backpackers.  It's not uncommon to hear fellow travelers make references to his work.  I'm not a history buff or a big non-fiction reader, so I wasn't sure if I'd enjoy &quot;In a Sunburned Country&quot;, despite my passion for traveling and the praise Bryson's other books have received.  <br />There was no need for my apprehension.  After reading this book, I can safely say that Bryson's reputation is justified.<br />&quot;In a Sunburned Country&quot; is a fantastic supplement to a travel guide.  While traveling around Australia for three weeks, I continuously reflected upon Bryson's personal anecdotes and developed a far better understanding of Australia's history than I had before.  The sections of the book describing the country's past were both informative and engaging.  Bryson is highly skilled at combining humour and fact and converting them into interesting and dramatic true stories.<br />Though not all of Australia's regions and history were explored in the book, Bryson gives an excellent, well written overview of the country and, I feel, an accurate depiction of Australia's quirks and charms.  I was amazed by how many times I could relate to his personal experiences and how frequently his observations matched mine.  This may not be the most comprehensive book about Australia, but I wouldn't be surprised if it's one of the most entertaining!
B00004S3AN|5.0|A jazz classic.  An SACD must have.  Sounds great but not too much better than the Sony Mastersound Long box edition.  Still one for the ages made even better by DSD.
B00000JMOJ|2.0|I agree with an earlier reviewer: Arnold should have tickled the spanish chick's feet when she was tied up and barefoot.  What's her name, Maria Chiquita Banana or something?
B00003XAQ5|4.0|I had big expectations for this SACD.  I feel a little let down.  The presence and depth of the SACD experience is here but that's about it.  This disc suffers from tape hiss and other analog artifacts including a possibility of pitch and tone problems.  Hey the tapes are getting old but my Sony Mastersound Gold CD of this session sounds better ('92).  Still a must have along with Time Out.
B000056N8X|1.0|1st movie Connor Macleoud becomes the last immortal 2nd movie really pushes the story line, but if you ignore little details it follows 3rd follows the original polt this movie Connor Macleoud gets killed by another immortal which goes beyond the whole consistencies of the movie<br />I know the time line and the tv show has problem with timelines but the general storylines still follows.<br />Also the great special affects in the commercials are not in the movie
B000001GS0|5.0|This old Brahms cycle is terrific from beginning to end. The image of Brahms as a grumpy, dusty old guy simply evaporates in the heat of these performances, which are full of fiery playing from the orchestra, and risk-taking, on-the-edge conducting of a type rarely heard on a recording nowadays. Given the age of the recordings (early 1950s), and the pedigree of Jochum and the BPO, this may be as close to what Brahms heard (&amp; wanted) as you can get.<br />Only the worst audio curmudgeon would reject this set on the grounds that it's mono. The sound is very good. And on 2 mid-price discs, it's a bargain.
0385484518|5.0|Is it possible to capture the most critical life lessons in one book? In less than 200 pages? Well, Mr. Albom was able to do it.  Morrie Schwartz was able to do it in short 14 lessons.  The important lessons Morrie taught Mitch in his last days was simple and definitely memorable. Definitely life-lesson worthy. Definitely true. And this book is a definite must read. Morrie, a son of a Russian immigrant, a professor, who loved to dance and create his own aphorisms was a great teacher. And reading this book, he taught me and reminded me what is really important in my life. The short and interesting chapters caught my attention immediately and emotional drew me into the book. It was easy to get sucked in and let my self be absorbed. These lessons... they are mostly lessons that we already know and should know but this book works as a reminder to those who get caught up in the ratrace called life. I couldn't help myself but cry at the end and I just didn't want the book to end. No wonder so many people had asked me, &quot;Have you read Tuesdays With Morrie? You should!!&quot; It really is worth the time to read it.
0767827694|5.0|This is an amazing, ironic film, based upon Virginia Woolf's whimsically mock-serious epic about an immortal English lord, who experiences 400 years of history, changes his sex to that of a woman after refusing to participate in warfare (a feminist point that is subtly made), and never bores or condescends to us. What surprised me when I first saw it is how dry, boring and pompous it isn't; the film has a nice lightness and dry humor that make it digestible. The photography is beautiful and the film never drags, and the performances, which a lot of critics have suggested are somewhat two-dimensional, are that way for a reason: Orlando's adventure is too awesome to be rendered realistically; the people and adventures she experiences are meant, I think, to be represented symbolically---each character is actually a rough composite of perhaps hundreds of such types she meets in her journey from 1600 to 2000. Billy Zane, who is seen in the movie's poster, plays an American adventurer who romances the female Orlando, but to all of his &quot;Titanic&quot; fans, a word of caution: he's in the film for roughly twenty-five minutes, if that much. The real star of the show is the ethereally lovely, brilliant, and mysterious Tilda Swinton, whose male Orlando is unnervingly convincing; so much so that &quot;he&quot; almost seems to be doing a drag bit once the sex change happens---and because Swinton is so eye-pleasing and delightful, this is not a bad thing. Her intelligence and talent radiate from her face, which is so expressive that many shots consist simply of gigantic closeups of it---she can say more with a gaze than many lesser performers do with a page of dialogue. I first saw this film in 1993, as an exchange student living in London, and it gave me an appreciation for British history and for Woolf's books that I had never had before.  It's really quite a smart, funny, cool, hip movie, but with no explosions, car chases, or hot-button themes, it's by no means a populist-type entertainment. If you like period films, or anything English, you'll dig this a lot: Orlando isn't just English, he/she *is* England, and the country should be so lucky as to be compared with Tilda Swinton's long-suffering (centuries of it, in fact, what a burden) poetry-spouting nobleman/woman. Very cool.
B00004Y6Q5|4.0|This, to me, means that this album is VERY good. The participation of Kronos Quartet accounts a lot for the similarities to the soundtrack from the movie by Michael Mann. This time, though, they combine their efforts with Clint Mansell in what seems as a composer-director colaboration between himself and Pi's director Darren Aronofsky, comparable to those we have seen in the past between Eric Serra and Luc Besson, or between Angelo Badalamenti and David Lynch.<br /> Overall the album balances well the combination of ambient/electronica sounds with those of the string quartet.<br /> One watch out, though: not recommended if you're blue... Might turn you bluer!
0515127485|4.0|An almost-un-putable down book that just oozes atmosphere.  I learnt more about Russia in the few enjoyable days I spent with this book than a lifetime and many Russian relations (including Grandparents) had ever given me. For the first time, I now have an authentic \\"feel\\" for this enigmatic country. The plot got a little too imaginative for my liking near the end but the writing throughout is so professional, tight and captivating that this little discrepancy was forgiven, as, holding my breath, I hung on to the final page.  Thanks Robert Harris, I'm now starting out on your other novels.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|I've followed BJork's career since here &quot;Debut&quot; album, and have yet to find an album by her as beautiful as this one.<br /> My top pics from the album:<br /> -&quot;Overture&quot; and &quot;New World&quot; (which builds on the same musical theme as the first one, but with built-in lyrics) - there are no words to describ the beauty of these two tracks... I can picture myself transported to the most beautiful landscapes on Earth when listening to them.<br /> -&quot;I've seen it all&quot; sounds so much like a Peter Gabriel tune...<br /> -&quot;Smith and Wesson&quot; is a good-old BJork as it gets in this album.
B00000J631|5.0|This is fantastic for people with short attention spans.  From the hilarious to the irate, there's songs on here for everyone.  Bands I hadn't heard of before mingle with some of the greats.  The concept of this album is superb.
6305508550|5.0|For anyone whose had to deal with a robotic manager who repeates pointless phrases regardless of your response - this is the movie for you. For those of you who trudge to work everyday dreading encounters with chipper co-workers who make mind-numbing conversation - this is the movie for you. For anyone who wakes up every morning with only thoughts of escape on their minds as they get ready to join the commuting masses - this is defintely the movie for you.<br />The characters are very well developed, hitting the nail on the head as far as office types go. There is a relatable type there for eveyone who's ever worked in the typical &quot;cubicle environment.&quot; From the opening sequence, where each main character is shown reacting to the daily traffic jam, to the last scene - this movie is hilarious. It &quot;hits the spot.&quot; It is a cathartically funny look at what life is like for most people in this type of setting. <br />The dialogue is precious. Almost everything out of each character's mouth is quotable. You'll find yourself repeating these phrases like mantras. After the third or fourth viewing (and you will want to see it more than once or twice), you'll find yourself quoting each phrase along with the movie. You'll bond in brother/sisterhood with whomever sees it with you. It will become &quot;your&quot; movie.<br />Did I mention the soundtrack? It couldn't be more perfect. It gives the movie unity and cohesion in the most comic sense, in that it takes otherwise serious moments and highlights their absurdity through the sheer ridiculousness of the music choice. It points to one character's desire to be someone else; to escape his station in a small way and become another stronger, more willful type. <br />And, it simply rocks.<br />The direction is also quite good. There are many nicely shot sequences which run like videos encompassing univeral moments. Particularly memorable is the &quot;printer scene.&quot; You'll need to see the movie to know whatI'm talking about. Also, the focus on character expressions and camera angles which highlight and enhance responses to certain situations are very well done, putting the focus on how the character feels in an exaggerated and caricature-like way.<br />All in all, a must see. Quite possibly one of the funniest movies ever because of it's honesty and ability to encapsulate the moment.
6301661737|5.0|This film is not only one of the best that Akira Kurosawa directed, but it is based on events that happened during the Age of War in Japan.
6305922756|5.0|Superb (m/r)ockumentary of the semi-fictitious band &quot;Spinal Tap&quot;, made up of Michael McKean (&quot;Lenny&quot;, soul mate of Squigy, on the TV series &quot;Laverne &amp; Shirley&quot;), Christopher Guest (actor/director of &quot;Waiting for Guffman&quot;), Harry Shearer (performs voices of 22 different characters on &quot;The Simpsons&quot;), and a random selection of ever-changing drummers.  The movie is a tongue-in-cheek parody of washed-up hard rock bands that still think they are God's gift to the universe.  The inspired idiocy borders on genius at times, lending weight to Michael's observation that there is a &quot;fine line between stupid and clever&quot;.<br />The DVD is simply amazing.  For starters, everything is in character.  From the style of the main menu title screen, to the menu voice-overs by the band, and extending through all of the extra material included on the DVD, the personas of the band (and the fictitious director as well) are maintained with perfect consistency.<br />What makes this all the more amazing is the shear quantity of extras on the disk.  For starters, there is about an hour of &quot;deleted&quot; scenes provided.  In addition, there are numerous music videos, TV commercials (fake I presume???), and trailers.  And as if that weren't enough, there is also a commentary track throughout the entire film with the band members, completely in character, being as hilariously idiotic as they are in the film.  The Spinal Tap commentary track is easily the most entertaining commentary in my extensive DVD library.<br />The DVD medium is put to splendid use as well.  Menu transitions are computer animations inspired by some of the film's funniest moments.  Each menu plays a different &quot;Tap&quot; song, giving you access to a decent percentage of the sound track.  And, just as importantly, the animations are not overdone; the menus are still easy to use, and the transitions only take a few seconds.<br />Overall, this DVD is a greatvalue, and provides a vast amount of material not available in the VHS version.  If you are a Tap fan, or would like to be, you NEED this DVD!<br />Movie<BR> ----------------<BR> Originality: A<BR> Creativity: A<BR> Complexity/Depth: B-<BR> Relevance/Message: B<BR> Artistic Merit: A<BR> Overall Entertainment Value: A<BR><br />DVD<BR> ------<BR> Transfer Quality: A<BR> Extras: A+<BR> Use of Medium: A<BR>
0789723107|3.0|The value of this book is that it's simple and direct. If you are a beginner in usability and usability testing, buy this one first. However, if live outside the US and you're not familiar to expressions like &quot;Off the bat&quot; or &quot;Everybody wants to drop a line in the home page&quot;, maybe you'll have problems. Perhaps the writer should travel a little bit more and see different cultures with people speaking different languages. And then write books people who speak english as second language understand, specially those on usability ...
0553106635|5.0|Realistic,  engaging but long.  Like reading a history book from the dark ages where sorcery and dragons actually exists.  The treachery and deceit and politics could have come from any history book.  The characters with their flaws and ambitions and mistakes could be the former rulers of any land of today.  Martin gets it right with this novel.  Very long but worth it and necessary for all that there is to tell.
079072961X|5.0|Roy Huggin's '60s TV series is successfully updated to the big screen.  Harrison Ford plays Dr. Richard Kimble as a surgeon wrongfully accused of murdering his wife, and thanks to an incredible bus crash/train wreck scene, goes on the lam.  However, make no mistake about it, the real acting draw for this film is Tommy Lee Jones as Sam Girard, the half-boiled U.S. marshall.  When Girard and his team arrive at the accident scene and he delivers the line, &quot;My, my, my, my, my.  What a mess,&quot; you know immediately that Jones is going to steal the show.  I also liked Kimble's level-headed intelligence.  Instead of simply evading the law, he's trying to clear his name.  As he learns the truth about the crime, so do we - the script is not overt in revealing plot threads.  Together, Jones and Ford form an intriguing cat-and-mouse game that will keep you engrossed.  All in all, the movie is loads of fun!
B000001GX8|5.0|There are many Figaro recordings around there. Because this opera is so wonderful that many conductors and singers want to sing it or perform it. So it's very difficult to choose the only one best recording. This Bohm's recording is made at 1968, but this one is very wonderful one, even there are many recordings conducted by today's conductors. If you want to hear the elegant &quot;Figaro&quot;, this one for you. The letter duet sung by Countess and Susanna is used a film. (I forgot the title, sorry!) Speaking of the recent recording, I'd like to recommend Abbado's one. Because the cast is superb: Cecilia Bartoli, Sylvia McNair, and Cheryl Studer, Andrea Rost, etc.
0789723107|4.0|Steve has proved that usability is common sense. I really enjoyed the book. Reading through chapter 9 &quot;Usability testing on 10 cents a day&quot;, anybody can feel that can run a short usability test on his own. This is good since most companies think that they have to invest a great deal of money in usability. I would recommend the book to anybody interested in finding out that usability IS common sense.
B000002JSN|5.0|this sure is a classic, boys: but you shouldnt need me to tell you that, since you should be having this: he would say that each track on it is up there- high 'n' mighty. were really groovin' now. some of these tracks: trampled underfoot, kashmir, are real head music: for the mind before its for the ffet.<br />ps- only the most diehard and least sane of zeppelin fans would disagree with the fact that around the time of presence (around '77), they were getting a bit boring: the youth needed a more 'authentic' 'keepin'-it-real' spokesman- which was presented by the hated (by you) 'punk' musicians pps-'probably hated'
6305807086|1.0|This movie strikes me as one you either love or hate, and I'm in the latter category. The single biggest problem in this film is that you end up hating every person in it - the only person you can feel even a little bit sorry for is John Malkovich himself. The experience of watching it was like watching a train wreck in slow motion. The movie is so voyeuristic, it made the Jerry Springer show look like a walk in the park by its simplicity.<br />I do think that the movie was well acted and filmed, sadly, but the plot left something to be desired.
B00004SU5J|5.0|Just got this from a dear DJ friend for my B-Day.  This is smoooooth.  Feels damn fine--sounds even groovier.  Gotta own this for sure.
B000003TAR|5.0|This album is the product of the work of a few musical, recording, and technical geniuses. Starting with getting the sound they wanted, Kurt Cobain suggested a revolutionary way of recording the sound for this album, inventing a completely new sound for this album in the process.<br />To get the &quot;big&quot; sound Cobain wanted, the band performed all songs live, most in the first take. The other secret to this album was the microphone setup. They used all the microphones they could, taping them on walls as well as orienting some in their normal &quot;live&quot; setup. This is the key to the huge &quot;in your living room&quot; sound.<br />About the music itself, this is possibly the hardest grunge rock album made. It does not contest with other albums for it's speed (that was left till the tour came :-) ). The sound of the DS-1 distortion pedal will cut through you like no other.<br />The drumming by David Grohl also adds to the heavy sound of this album. Bass drum patterns reminiscent of John Bonham and Led Zeppelin span this entire album. The rest of his set is perfectly matched for this album: big drums tuned very low, a snare drum that cracks like no other, and cymbals that sound like the weight of Dave Grohl is on their shoulders. oh wait... <br />Just to let you know, this cd is by no means out of focus. Tunes like Pennyroyal Tea, All Apologies, and Dumb will prove this to you. <br />Nirvana was still on it's rise. Kurt's talent for writing tunes was getting better every time his guitar uttered a sound. This album makes you dwell on one question: What was coming next? A small following of angered teenagers who found support in Nirvana? An end to the pathetic state of music we call pop? We will never know. Thanks for nothing, Courtney.
B000001ELR|5.0|In retrospect, Creatures Of The Night is one of the finest Kiss records of all time, on a par, or maybe a step ahead of their mid-seventies classics. Musically, this was a comeback and a true return to form after flirtations with Top 40,disco, and a half baked concept album/soundtrack to a never made movie (Music From The Elder). Kiss returned to the type of crunch and raunch that put them on the map; it's a shame that no one was buying again until they tried the gimmick of taking the makeup off, then putting in back on (whatever). Creatures though is chock full of new Kiss classics like the title cut, the MTV video &quot;Love It Loud&quot; and the punishing &quot;War Machine&quot;. Eric Carr's drumming is as powerful as the technique used to record it, making this a recommended album for drummers everywhere. Kiss simply never sounded better. A true test for your speakers!!!
0684853523|5.0|Who'd of thought in a Quest to read everything the man's written, I'd pick up a book by one of my favorite Sci-fi writers and be so terribly moved? Okay, I'm a writer and King's subject matter here is directed right at my heart, but wow....  I've taught writing for 30 years, had over 100 works published myself, lectured on the darned stuff, but...wow! King spoke to me in way so direct in intimate that I found myself wishing he'd written this thirty years ago before I'd made so many mistakes. I can't remember a book that's affected me as deeply without &quot;King James&quot; being gold-stamped on the cover. It's a good day for the Kings.
B00003IPFK|5.0|Probably THE best mini-series ever made.  The sheer vastness of Larry McMurtry's Pulitzer Prize winning novel could only be done in the mini-series format.  It is very faithful to the novel.  The ending is slightly different, but much of the dialogue is even taken from the book itself.  The cast is brilliant and fit the characters in the novel perfectly.  A dare say, one of the greatest westerns ever filmed.  Absolutely wonderful!!
B0000560RV|3.0|First up, read 'Poniesforchrist' review of this album! Holy Moses! He was so overwhelmed by this album that he felt cheated and thus gave it one star! Errr, Right-O. If you like Spiritualized, you'll like this. Long, string-drenched melodies with plenty of drops and swoops, piano tinkles and falsetto vocals drifting in and out of the mix, sum up most of the song structures.  My only gripe with this album is the bright orange sticker that is stuck to the (otherwise excellent) cover. In big, block letters, &quot;Thom Yorke's Favourite Band&quot; screams at you, drowning out the nice angel foetus design (the Australian version has a cardboard sleeve, so any ideas about ripping the sticker off are thwarted). What I'm basically saying is considering that Thom Yorke's last album was a mound of dog poo (as were all of his albums in this reviewer's eyes, but how-or-never) why must his opinions turn this album into a mini-billboard?  Worse still, people might actually think that this album is crap because of it. Anyway, well worth a listen.
0684853523|5.0|What a gem!  This book is the best nonfiction book by King yet.  I was a huge fan of his nonfiction, &quot;Danse Macabre.&quot;  This book tops it.  It's a true inspiration for would-be writers everywhere.  I think it is a major contribution to the craft of writing, and if I was a teacher, I would use it as a teaching tool.  I think it is his best book in some time, and it is definitely written &quot;from the heart.&quot;<br />I highly suggest this book for your reading pleasure.  It should not be missed!
B000003BF4|5.0|Just like being there with The Stones. Truly the greatest rock and roll band in the world. Then AND Now!
0684853523|4.0|This is the only book of his I've ever finished.  I try to read his novels, but while he might be an OK writer, his editing (or lack thereof) is distractingly deficient.  Also, he uses profanity the way freshman comp writers use it, as if he were still sixteen and fascinated with its power but naive regarding its proper effectiveness.  But when I saw that this book was relatively (for him) small, and also available in the library, I got a copy.<br />It's actually good.  He includes revealing insights into his upbringing, his creative flowering, his marriage, the conception and growth of his first novel, Carrie (this part was really interesting), as well as practical tips for every young writer and a memorable account (first published in The New Yorker) of his near-fatal accident.  I almost wish he'd written more about his addictions, but I decided that after all this is a memoir, and his goal here is to discuss writing.<br />He still has a problem making his profanity sound natural (a good one-liner with &quot;Magna Carta&quot; for the kicker is ruined by his insertion of the &quot;f&quot; word in between the two words, which was totally unnecessary because the phrase itself worked as is), and he has a really irritating and amateurish way of being too PC for his own good -- his constant use of &quot;his/her,&quot; &quot;him/her,&quot; and &quot;himself/herself&quot; in later sections really distracts from whatever he's saying.  (He should know that the trick is to change the singular to plural if the context allows it, which in his case it always does.  Even if he insisted on showing off his gender fairness, &quot;or&quot; is preferable to a slash, simply because we don't pronounce slashes, and King of all people prides himself on naturalistic prose.)<br />Overall, a good read, recommended.  I'm surprised that, for a King book, it's so accessible at the library after less than a year in print -- maybe his fans are scared off by what sounds like the threat of a grammar handbook.  It's more than that, though.  I might even give one of his novels a try, now that I've gotten to know him a little.  (A friend recommends &quot;The Stand,&quot; but I like the looks of &quot;Bag of Bones.&quot;)ar handbook.  It's more than that, though.  I might even give one of his novels a try, now that I've gotten to know him a little.  (A friend recommends &quot;The Stand,&quot; but I like the looks of &quot;Bag of Bones.&quot;)
B00005214X|5.0|Remember the Goodle Daze? The days when we all had our &quot;Favorite&quot; Beatle? Mine was George. I just thought that he was the Kewlest. He looked the Best in the Mop Top Hair, he played the Meanest Guitar, he was free of affectations, and he very nicely told off the &quot;Trend Mongers&quot; in &quot;A Hard Days Night&quot;.<br /> When ATMP was released in 1970 I was 14 years old. I remember asking for nothing but this album for Christmas that year! ($10.00 for a triple album, imagine that!)<br />I still remember unwrapping and holding it like it was a Treasure handed down from the sky.  It immediately became my favorite album and remained so through my college days (sure wish I still had that poster). The roster of friends that helped George of this album is probably the most impressive ever gathered. Eric Clapton (along with the rest of Derek &amp; The Dominos), Badfinger, Ringo, Jim Keltner, and Dave Mason just to name a sampling. According to the Liner notes even Phil Collins made an appearance! <br />I hadn't listened to this album in 20 years. I had almost purchased it on CD on a few occasions but had been turned off by reports of poor sound quality. When I heard of this release I purchased it as soon as it became available.   Now, 30 years later it has become my favorite album once again! I got a huge kick out of opening the miniature CD box. The colorization and the additions to the inside sleeves show evidence of a slightly twisted sense of humor as well as an acknowledgement of changing times.<br />I enjoyed reading the liner notes. I find it very interesting to read George's reflection's upon his 30 year old masterpiece. There is really no need to apologize for the &quot;Wall of Sound&quot; production. That's part of album's charm!<br />Most importantly, after 3 decades the music stands on it's own merit! The songwriting, musicianship, and production don't show any evidence to me of being &quot;Good for it's day&quot;.   Over the years I have purchased many &quot;Beatle Related&quot; releases. This one remains my favorite.  Nuff said.
B000002KBA|5.0|Deep Purple pioneered hard rock on In Rock.Weather its Ritchie Blackmore playing his mindblowing riffs or Ian Gillan singing his trademark vocals,every song is a classic.The first time i heard this album,i litterally couldnt believe what was coming out of the speakers.If you want to share this same experience, get this album!
0553573403|3.0|The story is well written, and well told. The world is large, complex, and carefully thought out. The logic is very good. And I still have a complaint or two. Curse me for the pig that I am.<br /> My complaints? My rants? My ceaseless whinings? Ok, if you MUST know. Some characters develop nicely and show good depth throughout the novel, but too many are nothing but role players. They have but one face, one manner of being, one mode of thinking and behaving.<br /> What am I talking about? Characters like Ned Stark, who's single dimension is that he takes honor and honesty to the extremes of stupidity.<br /> Then there is Sansa Stark, who has nothing to her but selfishness and naivete.<br /> On the other side of the novel is Jaime Lannister and his sister, Cersei. The two of them are made exclusively of self-serving deceitfulness, brutality, and their incestuous passion.<br /> If any of those four characters were any thinner they wouldn't even be good for blowing your nose into. The remaining characters were largely pressed from similar molds.<br /> There are a few characters with some meat. Jon Snow, Arya Stark, Daenerys Targaryen, and Tyrion Lannister are all good enough that you'll find yourself reading on just to get back to them.<br /> While I'm whining let me toss this in. Things go unfailingly against the &quot;good guys&quot; for nine tenths of the novel. While this goes exactly with modern conventions it gets old in a novel of this size, making things far too predictable. What fun to read about X if you know what side of the coin will show after every flip, and you know in advance that you won't like seeing it?<br /> When things do turn around it's done believably, so don't think I mean that Martin's credibility is lacking. But this aspect of the story wore on me, stealing some of reading's pleasure.<br /> As is a growing trend (Lucas/Claremont, Holly Lisle, Kate Elliott, Sean Russell and S.L. Viehl have all done it recently), there isn't a real ending. Several of the plot lines do wind up with a sort of stopgap resolution, and the reader is given a measure of satisfaction in the ways that certain of them conclude, but the story's main thrust is left completely open. I suspect that it will remain so until the series' final book.ral of the plot lines do wind up with a sort of stopgap resolution, and the reader is given a measure of satisfaction in the ways that certain of them conclude, but the story's main thrust is left completely open. I suspect that it will remain so until the series' final book.
B00000251N|5.0|For all of you Neil Diamond fans and, those who will be soon, play the album while reading the book.  Awesome.  Enough said.
0060930187|4.0|Robert Taubman of the New Statesman mistakenly said &quot;The Bell Jar&quot; was &quot;the first feminine novel in a Salinger mood&quot;. On reading the books first third you'll find yourself agreeing. Plath takes us down a path, seeming to say, &quot;Look ahead. This will lead us to the end.&quot; Then we're repeatedly taken off of that path, down apparent detours without meaning or relevance. This is a deception.<br /> By the time you reach the halfway point you'll see that what seems to be important is only a grounding place for what surrounds it. What seems to be rambling is actually what is important. Eventually we abandon the original path completely, and find that all of those supposed meaningless detours were the true path all along, that the story's real importance lies within them.
B00003CXP1|5.0|There aren't enough awards to do justice to this movie.  And yet, I really can't see myself buying the DVD or even renting it.  One trip through this nightmare was more than enough.  This movie is utterly depressing.  Forget happiness - this movie doesn't give a single one of its protagonists even a glimmer of a reflection of a sliver of hope.  You would think that would be obvious about halfway through it, but it's so well done that you keep on hoping something good will happen to at least one of the heroes.  But it just gets worse and worse.  The acting is superb all around, especially Ellen Burstyn's parts.  And the drug sequences are amazing.  Instead of trying to show what the characters are seeing, a la Trainspotting and Fear and Loathing (both great movies, no slight intended...), in Requiem we see more of a &quot;thematic&quot; drug influence.  The trips are coolly shot and exhilarating, but they're over quickly and after the second time we start to see how monotonous they are.  And of course, each time it's a little further down the spiral.  Like I said, I couldn't watch this again.  But it is, IMHO, the best movie made in at least two years.
014100018X|4.0|I'd passed over this book for many months.  The story seemed interesting enough but not I still chose not to read it.  when the movie came out,I decided to go on and read it before I saw movie.  I loved this book.  I felt like a citizen of the small french town or a customer-in-waiting at Vianne's chocolat shop.  the story was endearing and had just the right complexity.  the author gives tidbits of info into many of the characters lives that show that they are not one dimensional.  these characters' lives have been shaped by trials of life, what you see on the surface of each character is not all that there is to each of them.  however, the ending left me confused. i am not sure what the author's point was in having Roux and Vianne conceive a child. I'd hope vianne would stay in that town for the sake of her daughter.  However, the way Harris ended the book, has left me wondering about Vianne and Anouk's future. I wonder where are they now and how are they doing?
0066620694|5.0|I concur with the large majority of reviewers that this is an exceptional book that reveals and explains clearly some of tthe amjor factors forcing technological evolution.<br />The author clearly points out that a primary factor for technological replacement is a mismatch between what a technology can deliver and what service values customers are willing to pay for. He demonstrates with case studies that technological capability evolution usually outpaces the increase in customer needs. This will usually result in a occurance where teh customer does not need and is unwilling to pay for a technology and so will replace by what was seen previously as an inferior choice.<br />Technological replacement is the scenario presented by the author. However there is another alternative which he did not describe. Chrostensen sees technological replacement as a change to a different network of values that means a change to a different technology. However the case of the competition between Ethernet and ATM (asynchronous transfer mode)for primacy in the local area network environment shows that is not teh only case. Ethernet was the existing technology and was based primarily on low cost. Much technological invenstment was made to reduce the costs of Ethernet interfaces until tehy became cheap enough to be ubiquitous. Its value as a low cost solution was challenged by ATM which was able to be competitive with Ethernet in price due to semiconductor advances and promised much more in the way of quality of service for new applications such as multimedia and voice processing.<br />ATM was the disruptive technology but it did not replace Ethernet. However its value network did dramatically alter the value network that Ethernet provided. Ethernet providers did not retreat into niche high performance markets as Christenesen illustrates that suppiers of other technologies did. Instead they adopted the value network of ATM and added it to their own. They also challenged ATM in its own value network by creating new values such as speed and ease of set up which directly challenged the fundamental ATM technology.<br />As Christensen pointed out, a change to a value metwork brings about technological change. However in this case there was no technological replacement. The existing technology faced the challenge to its value network by coopting that of the disruptive technology and adding new values of its own. It was the disruptive technology of ATM which fled to niche high performance markets.alue network by creating new values such as speed and ease of set up which directly challenged the fundamental ATM technology.<br />As Christensen pointed out, a change to a value metwork brings about technological change. However in this case there was no technological replacement. The existing technology faced the challenge to its value network by coopting that of the disruptive technology and adding new values of its own. It was the disruptive technology of ATM which fled to niche high performance markets.
B00003652R|5.0|I was fortunate to see Marillion play this album live at Massey Hall in Toronto. The album has no stops between songs so is like one huge song which is different for an album. I ran out and bought the album the next day and the album was like a drug for my whole first year in University. I played it every night and probably would have slit my wrists without it(slight exaggeration but you get the point). Fish weaves such a spell live it is incredible and although I've seen many concerts that night singing songs with Marillion and a sold out crowd is one I will never forget. I'll always remember Fish taking a break after a song and while sitting on a drum riser telling us all a hilarious joke. Buy this album it is one for people who appreciate musical genius and poetry in their music.
B000002JAX|5.0|If I am not mistaken, I first heard Ms. Peyroux on a commercial a few years back. Immediately, I thought she was nothing more than a Billie Holiday wanna-be trying to make a living imitating a legend. She got nothing more from me but a gruff scoff and a quick click of the channel button on my television remote. About a week ago a friend of mine told me that she was playing at a club called the Blues Hideaway here in Nashville. Being intrigued and deciding to give her another chance, I went to see Ms. Peyroux. When I heard her that night, I could do nothing but sigh. How wrong I was before. Her voice brought tears to my eyes as I sat there, chin in hand, head in the clouds. I bought Ms. Peyroux's cd the next day and all I can say is, the more I listen to it, the more I fall in love with this talented, humble and gracious breath of fresh air. Sure, she sounds a lot like Holiday and yes, at times you may THINK that her voice is derivative of the late, great Lady Day. But listen to this cd five, six, a dozen times, and I am sure her voice will make you sigh too. Every song is wonderful. My personal favorite is \\"Gonna Sit Right Down and Write Myself A Letter\\". They don't make music like this anymore and I thank Ms. Peyroux for reviving what I thought was lost forever.
0440234743|5.0|The book The Testament is a story about a lawyer trying to track down an unknown heir to a billionaire's estate.  Troy Phelan is a wrecked old man.  He has no family that he considers his own.  All of his six children hate him, they only like his money.  After writing a will to give all of his money to an unknown heir he commits suicide.  The children of Troy Phelan are furious about their father's decision.  They send a court order to have their fathers estate divided equally.    Nate O'Riley is sent to the jungles of Brazil to find the unknown heir Rachel Lane on a peace corporation operation.  After finding Rachel Lane and hearing her decision to decline her fathers money Nate is sent back to Washington D.C. to argue about the remainder of the estate should be decided among the children of late billionaire Troy Phelan.  Will Rachel Lane change her mind or will the children of Troy Phelan get the remainder of the estate?<br />Legal Thriller 5 stars
B00004LN16|5.0|Of course this is not Ac/dc's best but it's still good Hard Rock music or what most people consider Metal.  If you don't like Acdc then I don't know why you are even here so go away.  If you don't feel like buying every Acdc c.d. there ever was, then I suggest that you get a burner or buy &quot;ACDC Live&quot; like I did.  That C.D. has their hits from there earlier C.d.s.  Im not sure if Amazon has it though.  Personally, I don't think Brian Johnson can sing as well as their old singer could the songs on &quot;acdc live&quot; or maybe it is just because they recorded them at a concert but its still great.  And in Stiff Upper Lip you really don't notice because you can only compare it to their older songs.  As for this C.D., Angus is still alive and I personally like this C.D. the best of Acdc's although I said it wasn't their best C.D. on the top because I'm not like everyone else.  So if you want what is considered Metal but you can understand the lyrics then buy this.
B000006E4C|5.0|I never tire of this-- and I've listened to it (on ECM) a thousand times-- no exaggeration.  This version is nearly as good as the ECM: the genius of Reich shines through.  Put this on and have a religious experience (says this atheist).
B000006OAM|5.0|The cd opens and closes with &quot;Ophelia&quot; a haunting, lilting, tune. The opener is accompanied by lyrics, the final track an instrumental. In between there is a fantastic variety - from uplifting to sad and pensive. They are beatufully produced and arranged and some of them are really quite catchy - this is Natalies most pop friendly album  but dont let that statement give you the wrong impression. This is still defintely Nathalie Merchant.
0525945636|1.0|This will be the final Ken Follett book I ever read.  I don't know what has happened that would cause a writer with such skill to spit out such drivel as Code to Zero.  From reading the first chapter, you can preety much plot out the plot line and character development.  I wonder if Mr. Follet thought of adding anything realistic to this book.  At no time did I feel suspense, or danger, sympathy or affection for any of the characters or situations.  This book is as light as an episode of Gilligan's Island, and would have been better written by a romance novelist.
6305657939|5.0|OK - call me crazy - I just bought 5 Brosnan videos... But this one rates #1 in my book - I'm not going to spoil it for you (even thought a lot of other reviewers have) and give it all away, suffice it to say, it has action, adventure, suspence, romance (very heated), great acting on EVERYONE'S part, and the score is stupendous. Reviews are always subjective, but this is really a worthwhile watch and great addition to your video library.  Hopefully Brosnan will keep making them and I'll probably keep buying them!
B0000042MY|4.0|Music creates the mood of life. I agree that the entire score of &quot;Promentory&quot; should have been included on this CD. What a very moving piece of music. I missed hearing music from the end credits. I don't understand why these entire scores were omitted. That would have made it complete. I loved this movie.  It is powerful and deep and the music is so perfect as to create a picture in my mind each time I hear it.  It makes me sad for the loss of the American Indians and the wolves and their world that was lost forever.
0375703764|2.0|Largely a waste of time, and unless you like to look like an idiot turning the book sideways and diagonally and upside-down to read passages that often amount to no more than paragraph or line per page, then stay far away from it!  Oh, the story (the main story about the house itself) is somewhat interesting, but is far too disjointed to keep the reader's interest.  The blurb by Bret Easton Ellis on the back is a hint and a half to keep far away from it:  if I were Thomas Pynchon I'd slap Mr. Ellis very hard for daring to use my name in comparison with Danielewsky.
0192100289|3.0|Much can be said for Wilkie Collins's &quot;The Moonstone&quot;. The setting is drawn with a fine hand, and the characters are endearing from the outset. It also begins with a compelling setup which holds the reader's interest and curiousity. The combination of British conventionality in the 1800's--so delightful to read about now that it is safely far away--and the looming spectre of an Asian curse are irrestistible ingredients which seem to bode well for the coming tale.<br /> Much of the writing is satiric, sometimes falling away into almost slapstick humor, which detracts from any deadly seriousness. Examples of this range from the outspoken sententiousness of Miss Clack to the &quot;Robinson Crusoe&quot;-thumping tendencies of Betteredge. These elements add color and life to what would otherwise be a ponderous text.<br /> Unfortunately, &quot;ponderous&quot; sums up &quot;The Moonstone&quot; pretty well. There really is no reason for it to be so long, and most of this length is filled with conversations and descriptions which are simply extraneous and even dull. This becomes painfully clear by the end, when it turns out that the solution to the mystery of the stolen Moonstone is absurdly simple. It is a disappointingly deus ex machina conclusion which rendered all the buildup unnecessary. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle has had similar endings to his stories in the past, but those stories were less than a tenth of the length of this novel. As a short story, &quot;The Moonstone&quot; would probably have fared much better.  <br />It is also unfortunate that the most important characters in the story, namely Rachel Verinder and Franklin Blake, are some of the least developed in comparison to others. Rachel is likable, and as an 18th century female character, as strong as any feminist could wish, but she remains at a distance from the reader and it is hard to care about her. Franklin Blake is also likable, but mostly flat. Ironically it is Godfrey Ablewhite, who appears simplistic in the beginning, who displays more dimensions of personality.  <br />As far as execution is concerned, &quot;The Woman in White&quot; is far superior to this novel, and highly recommended to anyone interested in a suspenseful Gothic-style thriller. &quot;The Moonstone&quot; makes for a pleasant read, but with so many good books out there, should be reserved for a rainy day.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I bought Tidal on a whim.  It turned out to be one of the best purchases I ever made.  When I heard Fiona Apple was releasing a new recording, I knew I had to pick it up. I wasn't disappointed.<br />The pure power and emotion that Fiona brings to the record is amazing.  I could listen to &quot;Get Gone&quot; and &quot;I Know&quot; a dozen times in a row and never get tired of it.  This is definitely one of my all-time favorite albums.
B00004VWAF|5.0|You either love this album or you hate it. This is not Davis's most characteristic or best work. However, it would be foolish to ignore and expunge it. It has the power to stand alone despite its aimlessness and thick compressed sound.    I think of it as a funky blaxploitation soundtrack that just happens to have some of the greatest jazz solo artists of the period on it. It has that soundtrack feel; aimless and atmospheric, suddenly creating tensions and moods that are not resolved. By all means, the first Miles album you buy should be &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;,  and if you are a budding jazz purist, you can safely avoid this album.
B000002UA2|5.0|These 10 songs really do a wonderful job together to create an atmosphere which can be felt, as is the purpose of any soundtrack album.  I said in my review of More that this is the Pink Floyd at their lyrical best, and I am sticking to my guns.  <br />I love every song on this album.  Without giving you a blow by blow reading of the songs I will tell you that I am impressed every time I listen to the songs found on Obscured by Clouds.  There is humor and seriousness at almost every turn and I get a real sense that the boys in the band really enjoyed their work on these songs for the movie.  My particular favorite, however, is Wots...Uh the Deal.<br />If you have More, then you need to get this album.  I feel that the two go hand in hand.  If you have neither, get both.  You will not be disappointed.
0393307050|5.0|You don't have to be a navy buff, a sea buff or know anything about the Napoleonic war to appreciate this wonderful book. It's one of half a dozen I have totally lost myself in and craved the next one. The stars are the characters of Aubrey and Maturin, and you share their successes and blows to fortune. It would be a crime to miss this book. Your world will be richer for entering this one. READ THIS BOOK!
B000024D4R|5.0|1)  I don't know about all of the politics of this album. Seeing (or hearing) that Pink Floyd used Orwell's Animal Farm is simple enough 2)  When originally released this album was poorly reviewed by some.  There were those who thought that the songs were unimpressive 3)  None of that matters.<br />Animals is political, but it doesn't matter.  In my opinion, the songs speak more to the human condition than the political condition.  And if Animals was unimpressive, no one would be talking about it so many years later.<br />Now, I love any Pink Floyd album, but in the late 1970's, if you wanted quality music that was brave enough to be honest you had to go to Pink Floyd.  I admire all of the Pink Floyd because they went for quality and artistic expression over commercialism in an age where substance in music was becoming rare.  Yeah Punk said something and it shook things up, but Pink Floyd had been shaking thinks up since the mid 1960's.  With Animals, while doing what satisfied them as artists, they also managed to prove that they still had it in them to say something important in a very powerful way.  <br />I love this album genuinely, though it is th album I listen to the least because I need to be in a very particular mood in order to actually play it.  Buy this and prepare to see what got Roger Waters primed to write The Wall.
B000001FQ8|5.0|Here he goes again, this is another great album. My favorite songs on this album are &quot;Pop Singer&quot; and &quot;Void in My Heart.&quot; Pop Singer has a great beat to it and Void in My Heart is such a sad song. Put this album on your must have list!
B000003BEM|5.0|While the Stones were already a HUGE commercial success by the release of this LP, they had not yet broken away from status as one of MANY British bands in the early to mid-60s (Kinks, Beatles, Animals, etc) But this is a record that showed they were here to stay.  Stray Cat Blues, Sympathy for the Devil, etc.  are examples of music that brought the Stones right into the next era of music that is now defined as &quot;classic rock.&quot;  Without a hiccup the Stones continued to be as important as the next wave comprised by the likes of Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, Cream, Deep Purple, etc.  <br />If you want a clue as to where Steven Tyler studied staying power, listen to &quot;Beggar's Banquet&quot; and it's seamless transition &quot;Let it Bleed.&quot;  2 Uncompromising albums that EVERYONE who appreciates rock must own.  Until you do, you are merely an amateur!  BUY THEM NOW!!!!
B00000I8UE|5.0|Some smooth laid back listening music. As always, the vocals take you to new places and are accompanied by great musicians on cornet, sax, etc. I recommend it highly. Soft and soothing.
0375501851|3.0|I was disappointed in this novel after reading the high praise it received. Smith has written a very ambitious book--touching on religion, race, nationality, the British--Indian dilemma, sex, adolescence, idealism, fanaticism in the name of religion, animal rights, etc.--I'm afraid she tries to do too much. I never got a handle on her older male characters--Samad and Archie--who dominate the first half of the book. She does better with the next generation, and her portrayal of Irie comes alive--but then again, she's a 24 yr. old black woman (or Indian?) who lives in London, and in Irie the author portrays someone she seems to know VERY WELL. Certain set pieces come alive--the hair scene with Irie,the description of her school, and oddly enough given my prior comments, the war scenes--but all in all I found this one hard to plow through.
B00004U3UG|4.0|In spite of technical glitches, this version of the DVD really puts the movie together in a new way... well, the original way. The original ending is restored, and is a great lead-in to another sequel. Personally, for those not into the horror genre, this is a great stand-alone movie that may make them hunger for more. While horror purist may shun this movie, the one-liners that fill this movie will keep you laughing so you really shouldn't care!<br />The commentary track really makes this version worth buying, as well as the opportunity to see the ending the way is was meant to be, but I wouldn't trade in the original theatrical release versions yet.<br />The only knock is the occasional poor quality transfers of the scenes. See it. Love it. Groovy.
B00004U8H4|5.0|I don't know what these people are talking about! AMERICAN PSYCHO is an excellent movie.  Perhaps they don't like the movie because they don't like the characters. News Flash:You're supposed to dislike the characters. They're self-centered, vain, elitist jerks.  And Patrick Bateman is worse than them all.<br />Without giving away any details to the plot and the twists, I have to say that this movie was incredibly enjoyable.  Yes, you have to have a DARK sense of humor to enjoy it.  This isn't for those who love PATCH ADAMS or the mindless antics of Adam Sandler. The movie is called AMERICAN PSYCHO for a reason.<br />Christian Bale's Bateman is the most vain man alive and his voiceovers describing how he feels about the people around him and what they wear, and his everyday reflections are hysterical. Especially brilliant is his voiceover about his morning ritual. I'm sorry if you don't agree, but I feel that there has never before been a more insightful look at the mindset of a character.<br />Yes, much of what happens seems over the top, but remember, it is the height of the Me Me Me '80s.  And as for the violence seeming over the top, it is nothing compared to the book (also, the key word here is seeming).<br />Watch this film with an open mind. Remember, it is a black comedy. Many people don't see the humor in black comedies and that's a shame. Like any good black comedy, PSYCHO makes us uncomfortable and we question whether we are supposed to laugh. Is it in bad taste to laugh at this? No. Is it appropriate? The answer is YES.
B00003CXAR|5.0|This movie did not have too very many special effects, true. But, do you really want realism or special effects, I want realism. If you are in a boat, do you ever really get a good look at a shark, probably not. As a parallel, 2001 is actually set around Saturn, but the rings would severely date the film, so Jupiter was chosen; if Jaws was full of special effects the film would a) look like any number of monster films, and b) look dated today. In 2001, 26 years later, Jaws packs as much punch as it did in 1975. Is Jaws really about a community versus a shark, yes; but, it is also about a man torn between what's right and what's politically desirable. Honestly, it is pure 1970s in execution, but in message it is fresh even today. This is a movie you have to make your own mind up about, rent it one night, if you like it buy it.
B00004X01U|5.0|Fans who loved Madonna's &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; album will be delighted by &quot;Music.&quot;  <br />On &quot;Ray Of Light,&quot; Madonna first ventured into the fusion of electronica and acoustic guitars.  On &quot;Music,&quot; she takes it further by bringing the acoustic guitars to the forefront.  &quot;I Deserve It&quot; is lilting and lovely, sparse and sweet.  &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; marries a hip-hop beat with a folk rock guitar.  &quot;Gone&quot; is a ballad that washes over you... until the over-done electronic bleeps and flourishes jarringly interrupt your groove between verses.<br />On the electronica side, nothing can surpass &quot;Impressive Instant.&quot;  Swirling electro-beats and undercurrents complement the use of the vocoder here.  Madonna's vocal refrain &quot;I'm in a trance&quot; soon applies to the listener as well as the singer!  (And, yes, that's a good thing!  Very good.)<br />&quot;Paradise (Not For Me)&quot; is arguably the most daring musical experiment here; perhaps even the most daring in her career.  The song's sinister production dares you to come along for the ride.  Madonna's haunting stage whispers alternate with robotic, vocoded vocals.  There is some striking percussion here, too... the xylophone that opens the song (and sets its cantus firmus) will stay in your head long after you've turned off the stereo.  The lyrics alternate between English and French.  Lush, bold, disjointed, and brilliant!<br />Madonna's producer Mirwais comes up with some breathtaking musical arrangements to accompany Madonna's vocals here.  However, for all his innovation, he occasionally misfires: the song &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; goes overboard with the use of the vocoder.  Then just when you think you can't stand this annoying device any more, the song abruptly reaches its all-acoustic bridge (&quot;Cool I am when I am with you...&quot;) to deliver its emotional core.  The rawness and honesty of this bridge suggest that &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; would work well as a live performance on MTV Unplugged... leave the vocoder at home and let the song's emotions speak, undiluted.<br />&quot;Music&quot; is a bold musical journey, and a standout in Madonna's career full of standouts.  This albums gets under your skin and continues to grow on you months later.  A must for your CD collection.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I'm sure there's people that would disagree with me, but i think this  cd is the best green day album, since Dookie. There are tracks on here i like far more than tracks on Dookie. This is a different Green Day, and it really shows they're a very talented band and they're more than JUST a punk rock band. Billie Joe's Lyrics continue to be great and you just can't help but relate to what he's saying, just listen to Macy's Day Parade for an example of that. While the album is softer than typical green day, it still rocks, and it's a pleasant change of pace from Insomnia. This is the only other CD other than Dookie that you can listen to from beginning to end without skipping a single track. Some of the the personal highlights of this Cd are Macy's Day Parade, Misery, Warning, Waiting and Minority. I guess the people that think this CD is horrible, just don't understand what the band is trying to do. They've definetly grown up and the music shows it. Thier songwriting ability really shines on this album. To really appreciate this album, i would use headphones to listen to it, and like other green day albums... Turn It Up !!!
0385484518|2.0|This book would have been so much better if it was an autobiography!  I loved Morrie, but I found Mitch very annoying.  He is a workaholic, and I am not, so I had absolutely nothing in common with him.  But give me Morrie's wisdom anyday!  He tells a great proverb about waves and the ocean that I will never forget.  My only guess as to why everyone loves this entire book is that they also fell in love with Morrie; I just hope they were not equally enamored of Mitch.  Shallow city.  But at least it is a short book so I didn't have to endure him for very long.  I am glad I read it, but this book did not live up to all of the hype.  I approach any book that is touted as a must read by so many people as one that reaches the lowest common denominator in our society, and that is not a good thing.  Read it because Morrie is a gem, not because everyone is telling you to read it.
B000002UD1|4.0|Mind Games is one of those Beatle solo album that has some very good songs on it but is not quite a classic. The problem with most Beatle solo albums is that they close to produce themselves and often in rock and roll, that is a mistake. Had Lennon gotten an outside producer, this record could very well had been a classic like Imagine and Plastic Ono Band.  With that being said, there are some great songs on Mind Games. The song Mind Games is a classic even though it is one of Lennon's most under praised solo singles and also one of his least successful(#18 on the charts). The best song on the album though is Meat City which was the b side to Mind Games. It is the most experimental, humerous and cutting edge Lennon track of his solo career. The fact that this song is not contained on any of his compilations-greatest hits is such a shame. Other stand out songs on the record are Out of the Blue which sounds like it could have been on the White Album and I'm Sorry which is one of Lennon's most depressing tracks that he ever recorded. This is a good solid CD and is worth the purchase even though it is very unrated.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|WHY ISN'T EVERYONE COMPLAINING ABOUT WHAT'S SO OBVIOUSLY WRONG WITH THIS COMPENDIUM? It features the boys, all right, singing and playing their own hits, but just LISTEN to them -- there's something &quot;off&quot; about every number: the tempo is either too fast or too slow; John sounds hoarser than usual; George is just phoning it in; signature riffs are missing a note. THESE ARE NOT THE CUTS THAT MADE IT TO NUMBER ONE; THEY'RE IMPOSTERS FROM ALTERNATIVE RECORDING SESSIONS. <br />Compare, if you can, the versions compiled in &quot;1&quot; with the singles from your old record collection; then ask yourself whether they really are inferior or just seem inferior because they sound so different from what we were all used to. Either way, the answer should surprise you.<br />How'd this get by? One possible explanation is that many of the music reviewers writing today are simply not old enough to have heard the originals pouring out of bedroom radios and rec-room stereos and cars and storefronts and locker rooms all day, every day, until every rest before every drumbeat became part of the genetic code.<br />Meanwhile, most of us who are (old enough) have had the time to recognize the truth of one, or both, of these adages:<br />1. &quot;The older I get, the better I was&quot; -- i.e., the MEMORY of the music of our youth is probably better than the music of our youth ever was.<br />2. &quot;All those years of rock'n'roll will, in fact, make you deaf (or, at the very least, hard of hearing).&quot; -- i.e., our parents, as it turns out, were right.<br />As a result, we don't fully trust our perceptions when what we're actually hearing isn't quite what we expected to hear. &quot;Maybe it really was all hype,&quot; we're inclined to think. &quot;Maybe these songs never were that fresh, that charged, that exciting; maybe they were, but our own energy is flagging; maybe we just miss the snap and sizzle of well-worn LP's.&quot; <br />Finally, there's the &quot;Duck Effect.&quot; If it looks like the hit, sounds pretty close, and says it's the &quot;1,&quot; who are we to doubt its authenticity? Why, we might as well question the motives of music industry moguls: Would they really try to capitalize on our failing faculties? Could they possibly be cynical enough to package second-rate cuts as first-rate - or at least familiar - hits? Slick enough to get away with it? Well, just remember: it can look like a duck, act like a duck, quack like a duck - and still be a turkey. This album is the not-quite-living proof.
B000031X7T|5.0|Untill I received this CD set in the mail yesterday, I wasn't really a huge fan of The Wall. Don't get me wrong, I love it, but it is not my favorite Pink Floyd Album... Well,,, until now!! This is the most incredible performance! I was expecting a so so sounding live recording, but was I ever shocked when I put in the first disc! The sound quality is superb. The songs, to me anyway, are far more moving as performed live. Many subtle variances throughout add to the more realistic feeling. It is guaranteed to move the soul.. The different versions of the songs are so good it's unbelievable. &quot;In The Flesh&quot; (both I and II), &quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot; (both I and II), &quot;Mother&quot; (oh God this one is awesome too!!), &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; (Oh my God in Heaven I don't even have words for this version of it!!) Just get this CD set, have a few listens, and enjoy!!!! Oh yeah,, remember Saucerful of Secrets?? The crazy piano work and freaky organ stuff?? It's here man!!! Interjected in the middle of Run Like Hell.. it's so freakin cool .. Damn,, just get this CD set.
6300247120|5.0|Wow!!!!! This is arguably the greatest movie to ever be forgotten by mainstream audiences but undeniably still one of the best movies ever made. Breaking Away is, like its characters, archetypal, unpretentious, appealing and consistently likeable. The story of a group of four teenage \\"townies\\" in Bloomington, Indiana is the Diner of cycling movies. Dennis Christopher, Dennis Quaid, Daniel Stern and Jackie Earl Haley are brilliant as the four buddies caught up in the angst of leaving their Wonder Years behind in a town dominated by the privileged, out-of-town students attending Indiana University. With the local factories looming as an ineluctable destiny, the four dare to reach beyond assumptions and expectations and discover a self worth unrelated to class and opportunity. In the process, they discover the dignity and honor that is their legacy as the next generation of honest, admirable and hardworking families. Dennis Christopher is superb in the lead as the opera-loving, Italian worshipping son with a passion for cycling. His coming-of-age under the watchful eye of a concerned dad (the excellent Paul Dooley - who effectively recreated the same character later as Molly Ringwald's father in 16 Candles) is one of the most convincing film depictions of a parent-child relationship free of contrived crises and anxieties. The final crowd-pleasing 20 minutes will have you cheering loudly in your living room. In disappointment and in triumph, Breaking Away speaks to audiences across the world in the language of universal principles such as loyalty, hard work, sportsmanship and honor. A true classic for you to savor again and again.
0790734850|5.0|L.A. Confidential is one ten best movies that was released in the 1990's.  The picture is a film noir that takes place in Los Angeles in the 1950's.  The plot revolves around prostitutes who are made to look like movie stars and corruption in the LAPD.  The plot is full of twists and turns it keeps you guessing until the very end.  The excellent script allows the actors the chance to bit into some juicy roles.  Kevin Spacey is his usual great self as a LAPD detective as is James Cromwell as the shady the department head.  Danny DeVito harkens back to his slimy Louie DePalma role as a writer for a National Inquirer type paper.  At the time, New Zealander Russell Crowe was a virtual unknown and his strong turn as a no-nonsense, rough cop brought him major attention. Another actor from Down Under, Guy Pearce is also fine as a squirrelly, green detective.  Even the normally abysmal Kim Basinger is great in the movie.  In fact she was so good as a Veronica Lake looking call girl, that she won the 1997 Best Supporting Actress Academy Award.  L.A. Confidential brought back the film noir genre that hadn't been explored this well since 1974's Chinatown.
0553213105|5.0|This was Jane Austin's best work.  This was the first of the Jane Austn books i ever read and it got me hooked on oall the others...The relationship between Mr.Darcy and Elizabeth is s romantic it almost makes you wish you could be there in Pemberly and Netherfield...
6305075352|5.0|Mississippi Burning is griping and powerful civil rights era drama that is based on real life events.  Three civil rights workers (two white, one black) are missing and feared dead.  They were last sceen in a small Mississippi town.  The FBI sends down a team of agents led by Willem Dafoe and Gene Hackman.  Mr. Dafoe is a young, idealistic agent while Mr. Hackman is one time small town Mississippi sheriff with alot views on how the case should be handled.  The two bang heads, before they eventually come to a common ground. The town is segregated and the Ku Klux Klan runs rampant.  The film's graphic depiction of racism and hatred is disturbing.  It is difficult to image that something this grotesque and reviling could happen in this country, but it unfortunately did.  Francis McDormand is the wife of Brad Dourif who is town's deputy sheriff.  Despite the fact her husband is knee deep in the missing kids situation and is a hateful and violent man, she rises above it and shows compassion to her fellow man.  There is alot of sexual tension between her and Mr. Hackman and it adds a calming touch to the turbulent surroundings.  Mississippi Burning is a film that is movie making at it's best.  It comments on society, makes you think, educates you and in the end entertains.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This CD chock-full of classic Beatle songs....including Eleanor Rigby, Come Together, Can't Buy Me Love, Yesterday, and many many more....and let's face it, the Beatles are an awesome, groovy, influential, and timeless band.  The CD is nice if your Beatle collection is too large to go somewhere with you and you want to hear some of their best tunes.  It's also handy if you want to turn someone on to the Beatles...which is very much needed in this day and age.  ;-) But if you're a true, diehard fan (like I am), it's not worth getting a CD with a bunch of songs that you probably already have on other CDs.  That's just my humble opinion.
014028902X|5.0|After reading Gerald Durrell at school (it was probably &quot;Menagerie Manor&quot;), I was put off reading his books for over 10 years.  One of my friends recommended this as a wonderfully cute book about how a young boy perceives the world and his eccentric family and after hearing descriptions of Larry, the (then) aspiring novelist, acne-ridden Margo and gun-obsessed Leslie, how could I resist?  It is a beautifully written book of short stories chronicling Durrell's magical childhood in Corfu, with a kaleidoscope of characters ranging from the human to the animal, all drawn with great affection.  The stories are often hilarious and this is definitely one you will want to read again.  And for those who are put off by too many descriptions of animals, the descriptions here aren't too long (and they are described charmingly, with Durrell attributing human characteristics which are very amusing) and most of the book focuses on his family.  Sequels are &quot;Birds, Beasts and Relatives&quot; and &quot;Garden of the Gods&quot;.
B000059Z8J|5.0|Christopher Reeve made me believe a man could fly. This is probably the most anticipated DVD for me since I started my collection. The story of Superman, masterfully directed by Richard Donner, restored to its original glory and with additional scenes, more of the beautiful John Williams soundtrack and commentary is a comic book fan's wet dream - the story of Kal-El, the last son of Krypton, journeying to Earth from a dying world and gifted with powers and abilitiies far beyond mortal men.<br />Batman, X-Men, Blade, Spider-Man... *this* is the standard all the rest have to measure up to. Even though III and IV were mediocre to stunningly bad, this movie and the sequel (filmed back to back) were top notch. I can't wait for Superman II to be released in the same manner.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|There is a rare breed of family films that  come out, that everyone will love. And I seriously believe that the last Family Friendly to love film was A Christmas Story, which for some reason became the premier holiday film for anyone. Now comes My Dog skip, an emotionally true film that holds a rare impact on anyone.     It is about a kid named Willie, who is a book worm, a loser at school and has really no friends. He then gets a cute Jack Russell Terrier for his 9th birthday. Then comes sayings like &quot;ohh, he is so cute&quot; out of your mouth. At that point you're about to hold a gun to your head thinking I have fallen for a sappy children film, that is sentimental and tacky. But really you become drawn to the film with its attractive, and well acted cast, of colorful stars.     Frankey Muniz from TV's Malcolm in The Middle plays Willie, and that is when you realize that he is actually a very good actor. Charming, good hearted and somewhat attractive on screen.     Diane Lane plays Willies mom, who gets him the dog. And Kevin Bacon plays his one legged dad, who is a war veteran. And Luke Wilson plays the hero next door who goes of to the war and comes back, a burned out drunk.     Doesn't seem to attractive? Well it actually is. My Dog skip supplies the regular, but still funny. I think my dog can do tricks, but when I tell him sit he rolls over, laughs. You know the stupid sentimental jokes in every dog movie imaginable.     But there is some adventure for the wanting kid soul, some spookiness of a dare-you-to go into the  graveyard thing, and of course the bad guys who a grave robbers. Who of course say some things to Willie that they probably don't men (but what if they Do?) That would be weird wouldn't it?     My Dog Skip wins over some serious hearts, with it's somewhat self aware snappy writing, some hearty laughs, and of course it also will pull about 3 tears from your eyes, make that 4, actually make that 5, to be honest probably about 50, and that isn't a joke.     It is a sentimental film about a boy and his dog. It is almost routine, and almost could be a bad film that is only appealing to kids. It is one I would have to recommend to anyone, if you want a good cry, but want to feel really uplifted. That is another plus, it has some dramatic intensity, that kids might not like, and a couple of scenes why you just have to yell &quot;NO!!!&quot; really loud at the screen, no matter what your age.     It is the most heartfelt film I have ever scene, and if you don't laugh, or cry, or enjoy, I would seriously get help, because you are the type of people that like to see dogs tortured. If you are one of those people, don't get near me. But if you are the types of people that either, like dogs, but don't want to own one, have a dog, but not sure you want to anyway, or your just the person who can't live with out a dog, then this is the film for you.     If you own a dog. After you watch all of the film, you just want to go give it a hug.
0782008119|5.0|HYPE! is one of the best documentaries of the last decade, bar none.  Growing up when &quot;Grunge&quot; was all the rage I was automatically psyched to see HYPE! and did so the first chance I got.  But, what HYPE! does is suck you in with the music and the personalities and proceeds to show you how the Seattle music &quot;scene&quot; was expolited by corporate America and eventually destroyed.  <br />Most of the bands you see in HYPE! are exciting, energetic, talented musicians both on record and stage, but the travesty of the situation is that no one knows who they are until now.  In that aspect HYPE! is a great showcase of all the talent of Seattle musicians, not just a document of Kurt Cobain and the triumph of Grunge in the mainstream.  <br />The most interesting aspect of HYPE! is its depiction of SubPop records and how they instigated the hype that ultimately lead to the over-commercialization and downfall of grunge -- whether it was done out of calculated marketing or misguided satire, the result is evident.<br />HYPE! is a testament to the great people involved in the Seattle music community, whether they be musicians, producers, artists, or just acquaintances.  <br />HYPE! is a document of counter culture explosion that we were lucky enough to be a part of.
B00003CXDF|1.0|Ok.  What ever happened to the great story and characters that we came to know as Mission Impossible?  Well, it looks like Mr. Woo flung the entire idea of a &quot;real&quot; Mission Impossible movie when he accepted this project.  Lets face it, the entire concept of Mission Impossible is espionage and secret under cover work.  This movie turned Ethan Hunt into a gun-toting reject, I might as well be watching The Terminator.  Anyway, when thinking of the title Mission Impossible certain things come to mind, things that had NOTHING to do with this movie.  The stunts and special effects where well done, the only problem was they where used very strangely and un-realistically.  Can someone tell me what the car chase between greasy Cruise and the girl was about?  Couldn't figure that one out either.  Anyway, this movie came to mind as more of a sequel to Heavy Metal 2000 then to the original Mission Impossible.  Hard rock pounding as people jump pointlessly from motorcycles and do lay deadly karate moves on each other with even flinching!  The guy gets up after getting his pounded in with a rock!  Anyway, I'll stick to T2.
6305428050|5.0|I highly recommend this film.  It falls in the category of &quot;Ferris B. Day Off&quot;, &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot;, &quot;Don't Tell Mom The Babysitter's Dead&quot;, &quot;License To Drive&quot; and &quot;Goonies&quot;........just a bunch of kids running around in trouble all the time.  When I first saw this film....it was in the late eighties.....I just fell in love with Elisabeth Shue and her performance in &quot;Adventures in Babysitting&quot;.  Ever since the opening scene when she lip-synched to the song: &quot;AND THEN HE KISSED ME&quot;.  She plays as a 17 year old (but 23 in real life at the time) getting stuck babysitting for 3 kids when her boyfriend cancels on their date.  Her night is filled with adventure facing one obsticle after another trying to get the kids back safe and sound.  Filmed on location in Chicago and in Toronto.  The famous scene where Elisabeth Shue sings the &quot;BLUES&quot; was in a bar in downtown Toronto called &quot;The Silver Dollar&quot;.  I've been there myself when I attended the University of Toronto.......today it has closed down.  It is a great film and even better yet.....it stars a beautiful, talented actress......Elisabeth Shue.
B0000524E5|2.0|This movie is a pretty boring tale of the surburban girl going to New York and getting her dreams crushed before finally making it to the big time.  Being a 26 year old male, the only thing about this movie that was enjoyable were the nice looking girls.  The guy in this movie does one of the worst acting jobs Ive ever seen, and nothing ever really happens.  If you have a good taste for movies, then you shouldnt like this movie.  Again, if I were a 14 year old girl, I would probably like this movie because it was geared towards 12-17 year old girls.  To give the movie some credit, it was kind of a &quot;cute&quot; story, but thats about it.  (Also, no bar like that is going to have only 1 bouncer,  gimme a break!)
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Anybody notice the year 2000 was the summer of slow-beginning action films?  From this film, M:I-2, Shaft, and The Perfect Storm, you have a setup that begins rather slowly.  The only difference is, the latter 3 movies I mentioned are actually good.  Gone in 60 Seconds is awful.  There are reasons for that.  Number one: It's boring. Number 2: it's stupid.  Number 3: It wastes a good cast (though to be fair, it's not as if though Cage, Jolie, Duvall, and Lindo were never in their own fair share of bad movies).
1577311523|5.0|Although I have always felt myself to be vaguely spiritual, I had never bought a book on spirituality before, shunned anything that smacked of religion, and wouldn't be caught dead in the New Age section. However, a friend recommended Tolle's book, and I found myself completely absorbed in it from beginning to end. Tolle himself would probably agree that there is nothing essentially &quot;new&quot; about the ideas in the book; the value lies in the clear, intelligent and gentle way in which they are presented. This book is carefully, thoughtfully and beautifully written. Not only does it illuminate the fundamental, slippery, destructive patterns of the mind or ego which confound one's spiritual and even physical well-being, but it also provides a variety of simple and practical techniques for breaking down and dissolving these various forms of mental pollution. I use Tolle's calming, contemplative techniques every day and throughout the day, and they work wonderfully for me. I've read the book twice so far and have given it to others as a gift. The companion tapes are excellent as well.
B00003CXGG|1.0|Romeo Must Die is terrible for several reasons.  First of all, it features a story that's absolutely stupid and boring, and the filmmakers actually try to make it a lot more complex than it actually is.  The fight scenes lack excitement, and the wirework doesn't help, either.  Then there's the so-called romance, which probably should have been excised completely because no heat is generated between Jet Li and Aaliyah.
1878424319|4.0|Ancient wisdom is better than new wisdom-- as if there were such a thing as &quot;new wisdom.&quot;  The ancient maxims of the heart and spirit require repetition if they are to sink in.  Therefore the repetition in &quot;The Four Agreements&quot; is a positive thing.  The writing style is simple, and you can read the book in one long sitting.  The way the author makes his points is powerful.  I can think of only one other recent book of such power and simplicity, &quot;Castle of Wisdom&quot; which I am sure is located somewhere on Amazon and is a Must read.
B00003CXDG|5.0|M:I-2 succeeds where most action movies fail when they go over-the-top.  This is John Woo's style and he succeeds in every possible way.  He stages 3 big action scenes in the movie (with some small ones interspersed throughout), which may not sound like a lot but each one is quite lengthy.  The first is the shootout in the secret lab, which is approximately 6 minutes in length and features the two-pistols-blazing in typical John Woo fashion.  This is an exciting sequence.  The best is the second one, a 10 minute motorcycle chase that features 4 cars and another motorcycle chasing Cruise on his own motorcycle.  Woo even manages to make the chase into a shootout at the same time!  The last sequence is a one-on-one martial arts fight, which is incredibly well-staged and exhilarating.  Each one of these setpieces is worth the price of watching alone.
B0000009SG|5.0|&quot;Over-nite Sensation&quot; was a blatant tongue-in-cheek title for this recording because Frank Zappa knew that was exactly what this recording would become in his catalogue: an overnight sensation. And that's what it did, became Zappa's best selling and most popular album at the time of its release, gathering him an entire new group of fans to both ridicule and entertain. It was also a logical step in Zappa's evolution as both a musician and composer.<br />Often panned by many Zappaphiles as being too commercial, the album nonetheless contains some of Zappa's most brilliant satire as well as some of his tightest compositions. If you are new to Zappa, or are just moderately familiar with some of his tunes, this is the album to begin with. But don't be fooled by the seemingly simple riffs and hooks employed in these songs. As singer Ricky Lancelotti chants on Fifty-fifty: &quot;I figure the odds be fifty-fifty that I just might have something to say!&quot; Because in this album Zappa takes his most succinct stab at popular culture. His satire on America's pop culture was so cunning that he even managed to gain a guest appearance on Saturday Night Live on NBC and played &quot;The Slime&quot;, a scathing commentary on the innane content of today's (and yesterday's) television programming. Talk about irony!<br />But perhaps what makes this recording so exceptional is the tight musicianship of the players, and the exceptional skill displayed by the players. Zappa's guitar solos on Zomby Woof and Montana still give me shivers up and down my spine, and despite being 42, I still have to crank the volume when these tunes come on.<br />Out of Zappa's entire catalogue, this was his most brilliant and most complete package. He had many other fine recordings, but none quite repeat the brilliance this release had. If I could give it six stars I would, just to set it apart from the others that I rate with five stars.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Gone in 60 Seconds is even worse than Battlefield Earth, it's so bad it's not even funny.
0684853523|5.0|For me, reading _On Writing_ was like visiting an old friend I haven't seen in 10 years.  As a young adult, I devoured every Stephen King novel in print, making sure that I read _It_ every summer.  As I grew older, I moved away from King, heading toward more &quot;respectable&quot; novels.  I began to fall under the spell of King critics, unfortunately.  <br />I bought _On Writing_ because I...well, I'm not sure. I just did.  And boy am I glad.  I remembered why I loved King's novels so much-- they were fun to read.  You don't have to think about symbolism, or theme, you just read them and enjoy the story.  That's what it's all about, and that's the way it should be.  King spends the first part of the book discussing scenes from his life that influenced his writing, and the second half on tricks of the trade. Reading the whole book was like talking to an old friend.  Corny, but true.  King speaks openly about the publishing industry, and more importantly, what makes a good writer.  Most of the information was not new to me, but I liked that King wrote it all in his usual 'down to earth' way.  I think it will be helpful for writers who are unsure of what they need to do once they have a piece they'd like to publish.
B00003CXDG|5.0|M:I-2 succeeds where most action movies fail when they go over-the-top.  This is John Woo's style and he succeeds in every possible way.  He stages 3 big action scenes in the movie (with some small ones interspersed throughout), which may not sound like a lot but each one is quite lengthy.  The first is the shootout in the secret lab, which is approximately 6 minutes in length and features the two-pistols-blazing in typical John Woo fashion.  This is an exciting sequence.  The best is the second one, a 10 minute motorcycle chase that features 4 cars and another motorcycle chasing Cruise on his own motorcycle.  Woo even manages to make the chase into a shootout at the same time!  The last sequence is a one-on-one martial arts fight, which is incredibly well-staged and exhilarating.  Each one of these setpieces is worth the price of watching alone.
B000000LZV|5.0|While I hate that this CD is missing 2 songs, the 43 tunes (74.17 minutes) remaining are definitely worth it. This is easily one of the best albums out there, and a really useful demonstration of the breadth and depth of the punk movement, at least in the US. The core of the album is in the trademark stripped-down sound of the Minutemen, and their lingering jazz and funk influences.<br />It is a seamless, smart, and spellbinding masterpiece. There is so much variety on this CD that I don't think it's possible to get tired of it. I particularly like &quot;Cohesion&quot; (although would have liked it deeper in the playlist), &quot;Maybe Partying Will Help,&quot; and &quot;No Exchange&quot; (which just builds so nicely). But in truth, I love all of the songs, so many of which manage to be softly scathing, which requires far more finesse than simply screeching.<br />For people who think punk was (is) about leather jackets, chains, mohawks, and stomping up and down, I would suggest you avoid this album, but not because this album doesn't rock -- because it definitely rocks -- but it does it in a truly punk way, which is to defy definition itself. And it does it masterfully and intelligently. Makes me sad that d. boon died so young (27, of course), given what he was capable of. This CD is well worth your time.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Gone in 60 Seconds is without a doubt the worst Bruckheimer action film (Coyote Ugly is probably Bruckheimer's worst overall).  The problem with this flick isn't just the fact that it's stupid, but also because it's boring.  There's a lack of excitement in the entire movie.  It' just not worth watching.
B00003CXDG|1.0|I was expecting more from this movie. On TV they talked about this movie all the time, they said it would be something very cool... but finally I saw it.     What can I say. This movie is like a James Bond movie (it has no normal story... just tricks, stupid monologues... and sefety of the world is in hands of one man). But when we talk about James Bond movies we can say that they should be with only tricks and the destiny of the world depends on one man.     Tom Cruise is a very very very good actor but why did he do that??? Or maybe he haven't read the script before saying YES?  Who knows. I can say just one thing - this movie is not for pleasure to watch, it is for giving our money for such low-grade movie.     If you want to buy this - think. Maybe you'd better offer Magnolia or Eyes Wide Shut... And if you need a good action movie with a good theme, good music and with Tom Cruise - take the first part of Mission Impossible.
B00003CXDG|5.0|It's hard to believe people could actually like a piece of crud like Gone in 60 Seconds and not enjoy M:I-2, a stylish action film with exhilarating setpieces that truly get the adrenaline pumping.  Sure, the first major action scene doesn't occur until 75 minutes into the movie (and for the next 40 minutes it's nonstop action), but the setup is still quite entertaining and anybody who was bored by it has the attention span of a gnat.
0451160916|5.0|I read about one book per week and this book was by far the best book I have read.  I put off reading it for years as I have seen the film and didn't think the book would be any different, but oh how wrong was I.<br />This could be one of the only books that has kept me awake all night listening for things that go bump in the night.<br />Very good, I recommend any Stephen King fan to read this NOW.
B00003CXGG|1.0|Romeo Must Die is terrible for several reasons.  First of all, it features a story that's absolutely stupid and boring, and the filmmakers actually try to make it a lot more complex than it actually is.  The fight scenes lack excitement, and the wirework doesn't help, either.  Then there's the so-called romance, which probably should have been excised completely because no heat is generated between Jet Li and Aaliyah.
B000056VIY|3.0|Well I have always thought that with a little direction, J.Lo would be fine, she shd be the kinda dance artist who does great dance music. But she has decided to opt for the routine, tried-and-tested, pop Latin sound, which by now is trite and boring. The first single, Love Don't Cost A Thing, is nothing more than a funked-up version of If You Had My Love with a boring video that intertwines a remix segment (a J.Lo feature) to boot. play is one of the more interesting and impressive tracks. Walkin on Sunshine is again those formulaic songs... Try harder next time, that is, if she releases another record within the next 10-12 mths, so that the record company can milk her worth drier than dry... J.LOW!
B000006TRV|4.0|For people whose first introduction to Pink Floyd was The Wall, this is the best and most original Pink Floyd album. But, it really isn't. It is about 25% too long, including songs that don't really add to the story and aren't that good musically. The ideas here have been expressed in earlier Pink Floyd work, such as Dark Side of the Moon and espcially Wish You Were Here.<br />I consider this Pink Floyd's answer to Genesis's Lamp Lies Down on Broadway. They are nearly identical albums in theme, format and structure. They both have a cathartic grand finale and a hopeful epilog. Even the album covers are similar. Only the Genesis album came out several years earlier.<br />Since The Wall is basically a rock opera, it works much better as a live show. The recently released live version, Is There Anybody Out There, is an improvement over the studio version. It brings out the energy and emotion of the story. My criticisms of the Wall are minor, and the live version pushes the work into five star material.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|I make a point of reviewing this album before I see the movie, for &quot;Selmasongs&quot; is a superbly realised musical journey all on its own.  Bjork's compositions add an uneasy but heartfelt lyrical edge to a musical backing that fuses loops of abrasive samples with Vince Mendoza's feisty yet solemn orchestral arrangements.  Such contrast imbue the album with an emotive power that hints more at wanderlust than melodrama.  Cinematic parallels have been evident in Lars von Trier's previous films, and it's encouraging to note that he has been credited with creative input on many of these songs.
B00004W5UA|5.0|Unbelievable film with lots of violence, twists, and wonderful acting.  Deserved much better box office numbers than it received.  I thought the trailer ads for the film did not do it justice-I never had any desire to see it based on those ads.  But when a friend recommended it and I saw it, I loved it.  Definitely a must-see film!
B00001QGPR|5.0|Most people don't realise that the songs for &quot;Hours&quot; were written for a Eidos PC game called Omikron: The Nomad Soul. Never mind that I am the only person in the world who liked that game, this is a review of the music. I bought the CD of the music while I was playing Omikron, which I didn't have to do because all of the singles (along with some really cool animated concerts) and an alternate version of &quot;New Angels of Promise&quot; were accessible within the game. This is also the first Bowie album I've bought since the mid 1980's, which means to you that either I'm too picky or this album was really exceptional. Yes, the songs are emotional, dark, and painful sometimes. The music following and competing with Bowie's wavering, and sometimes screaming, voice for which will be the strongest emotional reaction to the song's subject. In other tracks, the lyrics themselves are the contrast to the mindless dance music they've been purposely tied to.    Special mention should be made of Reeves Gabrels, Bowie's co-creator on this and other albums. He really deserves a lot more credit than he gets. This album should have been called &quot;David Bowie and Reeves Gabrels, Hours...&quot;
B000000I0Q|5.0|Stunning. If ever there was an example of how far rock music could be pushed it was this record. Genesis lost far more than they could ever have realised when they let Hackett go - although it must be said his solo work is the better for not having to be first fed through the Banks/Rutherford/Collins filter. If Shadow of the Hierophant doesn't move you to flights of extasy then frankly you are must be a dead person.
630512762X|4.0|Highy suspenseful, original and thrilling, \\"Face/Off\\" is not just a play on words for its own storyline: its a grand-action masterpiece! Filled with high-speed thrills, explosions and guns, the pace never slows down, even when you don't hear the sound of gunfire pulsing in your ears. A stellar cast heads the way of this film, which adds to the emotion and heart behind it all, and under the direction of John Woo, famed for action and intensity, the movie is stylish as well as exciting. <br />Sean Archer, an FBI agent in Los Angeles, has a score to settle with terrorist Castor Troy that is personal as well as criminal. Upon catching Troy, Archer learns that there is an array of bombs hidden inside a building within the city, and only Troy and his imprisoned brother know the whereabouts of the devastating explosives. In an elaborate plan to determine the location of the bombs, Archer agrees to undergo a top secret operation in which his face will be surgically removed and replaced with that of Troy's making him look identical to the villian. Once inside the prison, his mission is complete, until Castor Troy pays him a visit with his face masking his true form. Archer, now trapped in the prison under the identity of Troy, must find a way out and bring the true criminal to justice before he harms his family and takes over his life completely. <br />This is one of those movies that you must pay strict attention to from the very beginning, or you will miss out on a lot of key elements, such as some of the turns that each character takes under their new identities. One of the best elements of the movie is that you will find you're not inclined to root for the actors as much as you root for the character of Archer himself; the fact that the two actors play both parts makes rooting for one of them difficult, for they each get a shot at playing the bad guy. <br />The story does have a strong premise behind it that is believable and contains a high level of suspense and action.The intensity begins with a high-octane chase at an airport, lots of explosions and gunfire, all mixed together in the story to create a fast-moving ride of thrilling suspense. The running time of the movie doesn't even seem a problem, because there is never really a dull moment throughout the movie; even the slow-paced scenes with the real Archer and his family have a significance that will play out in later scenes when the characters are switched. <br />The acting abilities of the two leads are specially showcased here, with each one getting to play different personalities and characters of different lifestyles and backgrounds. John Travolta is superb as the good-guy-turned-bad-guy, matching his performance in \\"Broken Arrow.\\" We believe that Travolta is an ideal family man in the beginning stages of the film, and his care-free style and wit come right out when his character changes, and Travolta pulls this off in a great fashion. Nicolas Cage takes on the role of bad-guy-turned-good-guy, and his sentiment and emotion when he takes on the role of Archer shine through the entire film that you almost wish he were the good guy from the very beginning. <br />The supporting cast for the film is also a terrific addition to the story, with powerful performances by Joan Allen, Dominique Swain, and Gina Gershon. Allen plays the wife of Sean Archer, who plays a key part in discovering the secret of the \\"husband's\\" identity. When she is required to become emotional and tense, Allen does a great job of conveying the emotions. Dominique Swain, while not having much on-screen time as the daughter of Archer, plays out the rebel teen angst with incredible ease. Gina Gershon is a great asset to the film, as the lone female bad girl with past ties to Castor Troy. <br />\\"Face/Off\\" is one of those movies where I found myself cheering in the end, while also crying when everything comes to an end. The mark of a good action movie is one that has a wallop of emotion behind it, and this one meets that mark. I found myself having fun while staying completely interested and enthralled throughout. Take my word for it: it never stops moving for a second, and it's fun!
0062511408|5.0|Este libro lo lei cuando estaba en una crucijada personal y espiritual en mi vida.  Lo he leido en el original, en portugues, tambien en espanol y en ingles.  Me hizo examinar mi propia vida de una forma que nunca antes habia considerado y me ayudo encontrar las fuerzas para tomar unas decisiones para cambiar el camino en que iba mi vida.  Hoy en dia es un libro que aun recomiendo para todos-amigos y estudiantes.  Desde la primera vez que lo lei, lo he regalado a unos 20 de mis estudiantes para su graduacion del colegio. Lo recomiendo para todo el mundo, no importa si es cristiano, judio, musulman, porque tiene lecciones valiosas para todos nosotros.
0790733226|5.0|&quot;Contact&quot; is one of those few movies in Hollywood that takes two sides of a conflict and portrays them both equally without favoring one over the other. It does this so delicately with the contrasting viewpoints of what the origin of our universe and our lives actually is. It raises the imaginations of so many inquiring minds, leaving us with more questions than answers in its final, impacting ending. <br />Jodie Foster plays Dr. Ellie Arroway, who, from the time she was a small child, dreamt of one day making contact with someone or something in outer space. Her favorite activity: talking on the ham radio with her father until his untimely death, which further impacts Ellie's decision to one day achieve her dream of discovering new life in outer space. In her adult years, when all looks glum for her project, her array of radio telescopes receive a mysterious signal coming from the vicinity of the star Vega, and there is no scientific explanation for it. Further tracking of the signal leads to the discovery that the &quot;message&quot; contains blueprints of a costly yet collosal machine, which everyone wants to be a part of. Hypothesizing that the machine has been sent to them as a transportation device, Arroway wishes to be the one to commandeer the vessel, and gets her chance after a deadly explosion caused by a religious fanatic that sabatoges the first machine. But, the Americans always have a backup plan, and once Arroway is cast out into space, she will encounter something she never thought possible. But upon return, will they believe her? <br />The main contrasting viewpoints that the story conveys are the difference between how religious people view the creation of the universe and the way scientists interpret the origins of life and space. Once the signal is discovered, it does not take long before religious fanatics are crowding the entrances to galas and scientific laboratories, shouting verses from the Bible and slogans like &quot;God createdman, not monekys.&quot; Then there are the scientific opinions, all embodied within the character of Ellie Arroway, who firmly believes that she is correct in wanting facts to prove that there is such an entity as God. Like all scientists, she relies on fact-based data and equations to relate certain truths to herself as well as the world, so it is no surprise that her position regarding religion will keep her from being the first chosen candidate to embark on the journey. <br />The scene in which the first transport machine is given a test run is the centerpiece for how far religion will take some people when they feel a need to express their opinions. Throughout the movie, Ellie comes into eye contact with a man who is always surrounded by shouters and &quot;Bible thumpers,&quot; his eyes piercing into her in a way that forces her to look away. It is his actions that cause the catastrophe: disguising himself as a machine technician, he carries on his bodice powerful explosives that will destroy the machine and send his &quot;message&quot; to the world that he is only doing this &quot;for the sake of mankind.&quot; <br />Perhaps the most empowering scene that will captivate those of us who have mixed feelings about the existence of God and the creation of all that surrounds us is the scene in which Ellie is transported to another world, a place she cannot put a name to with a person whom she has missed all her life. Her rendevous with this person is the embodiment of the one question that the movie leaves us with: did she really become transported to another world, or was it her imagination? Forced with the harsh facts of the second machine's operation, she is forced to look inside of herself, realizing that she, along with the religious folk, all base their ideas and beliefs on one thing alone: faith. <br />The entire movie is a movie about the beliefs of people who feel differently than others, while also keeping one thing very clear: faith is the basis for anyone's opinion, whether religion-based or scientific. What makes this movie so clear and understandable to me is that it is able to handle both sides of the argument without ever really taking a side. Even when we take that final trip with Ellie, because of what happens to her after returning, we as the audience do not know what to believe, and like the movie, confusion reigns. But once we hear her final arguments to the world, the realization is made clear for us, that we must look to our own beliefs in order to come to an understanding of what has happened to this woman. Did she really see her father? Was it all a delusion? You make the choice. <br />The story, which is based on the highly acclaimed novel by Carl Sagan, is a spectacular mirror to the novel. While the fact that the book and the movie do have a lot of differences in plot and structure (in the book, Ellie and Palmer Joss never get involved romantically), they work as two separate stories, really. The movie does a very credible job of bringing the social issues and emotion of the characters to life, keeping the important elements of the book while revamping others in order to make the script more impactful and exciting, which is not a bad thing in this case. The fact that Carl Sagan was also a producer for the movie before his death is an added plus, as he knew more about the material than others on the crew. <br />Acting and performance employed is superb, maintaining the highest standards of believability and emotion. Jodie Foster gives her best performance since that of Clarice Starling in &quot;The Silence of the Lambs,&quot; and is able to keep the movie going through her character's passion and will for scientific truths and discoveries. We share this journey with her, and from the very beginning, we find ourselves totally willing to take it. Matthew McConaughey portrays Palmer Joss, the &quot;man of the cloth, without the cloth,&quot; who has his own viewpoints and opinions about religion and science. His character is the side of society that is able to come to an understanding of both arguments and combine them together in his hypothesis. His part in intrical to this movie, as he will be the bridge between Ellie and religion, which she later turns to. <br />Visually stunning, emotionally captivating and relentlessly impacting, &quot;Contact&quot; is a movie for the ages, a film that leaves us with theories rather than facts and data. In a manner of speaking, the ending of the movie is a bit of a summary of the entire film as a whole: the search for facts and where it leads us to. Right from the beginning, we suspect the presence of alien life with the arrival of th signal, yet director Zemeckis and writer Sagan are able to dodge this avenue of storytelling and give us something that is altogether more magical, emotional and warming.
B000002MTU|4.0|Great sound, not always an intimate set, though a great session overall. A charged record. 1 or two songs could have been cut, true. But this picking on Clapton for no emotion and so on- Who do you think you are? I can't even imagine we're all listening to the same album here. It starts off great and ends with some extremely wicked guitar playing and I thought Eric's vocals were superb. The freddy King Tone and the constant changing of Clapton's versatile voice is a big plus. The pick of songs are mostly classics, I don't think you can go wrong if you already like Eric's blues work at any rate. And if not, stay away from this. But I think it's a 4 star blues album and contains some terrific tunes. Eric has a fine slide-hand as well. The Harmonica player Jerry Portnoy is a frontman too with a lot of charisma when not backing E.C. and takes the show on Goin' away baby with his harp. Also it is mostly live except for some Dobro overdubs and 1 drum overdub. Great Band in back, great frontman and bluesman in front. Also important to think about is Clapton's different sides. He is often a songster-interpreter of classic, traditional songs. This is one of those times. He is a blues songster here with a very modern sound. This is that side of Eric. Besides about being genuine- B.B. King cut a whole record with him and said he was ''crazy about everything'' he did. What do you want? This is good and if you can't feel it, then you don't get it. All of this 'White guy wants to play black music' is as narrow minded and blatantly ignorant of the music as it gets. Don't kid yourself- good sound doesn't mean no soul-old record with lots of scratchy noises has nothing to do with the quality of a song. Age has nothing to do with soul, color has nothing to do with having emotions and expressing them, and doing more than one style of music is not in any way diminishing to each other style. All of the Blues ''Purists'' and ''historians'' are really on my nerves. Going like that makes the music weak to people. Taking things for what they are, strengthens it. This is a great reading of great songs. Just take it for what it is. Clapton's soulful tribute to some of his favorite blues classics.
B000002MFE|5.0|This is really a blues album- every bit as much as From the Cradle was a blues album. He's truly one of the most tasteful acoustic players around. This guy covers Robert Johnson and Leadbelly the folkblues great. Layla- I almost like it better this way to tell you the truth. 1 song called old love was a collaboration in songwriting between he and Robert Cray another great bluesman who emerged in the early eighties for the blues pop revival. If you are a fan of Clapton as a bluesman only or just more than anything else, than this maybe the best recording of his to get. It's smooth and soulful shows alot of Eric's influences like Muddy waters. Great.
B000058T5E|3.0|Ok now Jeff, come down to earth...
B00000ICN5|5.0|Either this or The Sky is Crying would be the perfect first album for those who don't own any of his work yet. It has most of Vaughan's blues staples on this version- Howlin wolf's Tell Me Tin Pan Alley -Live- Arguably the harshest and most well done  blues song of his career in music- Texas Flood- His biggest staple of standard blues- Pride and Joy his most famous and most upbeat blues song- and Lenny his groundbreaking smooth blues instrumental written for his wife. Also Lonnie Mack song Wham! and Mack-hendrix-A.King- influenced istrumentals Testify and Rude Mood. Every song here is a superb example of Vaughan and could be turned into a whole conversation about him. Awesome Hard core blues- Rock- And bluesrock music. Buy it now! You won't be dissappointed.
B000051VWW|5.0|Again I waited. Eight years I waited since her last cd, and now that it's arrived, I am totally satisfied. She's hit my passion with this new release. I'm in love.
B00000294R|5.0|&quot;How come/ u can listen to my first album/ and tell where a lotta these n!ggaz got they whole style from&quot; (Big L's 98 freestyle).  Yep, &quot;Lifestylez&quot; is simply one of da sickest, rawest, and most savage hiphop album ever made.  And it was way ahead of its time.  I mean, shoo, it was released in 95, and mad peoples just startin to jock it now!  It's crazy.  But what's more crazy is L's rhymes.  I have yet to hear a rapper surpass lines like &quot;They wanna know why I'm so fly/ a girl ask me for a ring and I put one around her whole eye&quot; (&quot;No Endz&quot;).  I mean, that ish is so funny.  Yeah, Big L is violent as hell and all, but da skillz is undeniably there.  These other &quot;thug&quot; kats out there these days simply dont have da skillz to flip lyrics like that.  They on some simplistic dr suess sh!t that would get so humiliated in comparison to Big L's verses.  L got da talent to approach da same subject in a million different ways.  His rhymes are never monotonous.  It's just crazy that he got shot cuz of some beef that some kat had with his brother!  How f**ked up!  Yo Big L, I know you're up there somewhere baby, you're a true inspiration for other MCs such as myself.  To me, you are da dopest lyricist ever!  When I come up, imma stay real and follow in ya footsteps.  I love you always.  Rest in peace baby.  Ms Savage.
0440178002|5.0|Perhaps the greatest historical fiction book ever.  My words can not adequately describe the world you will be emmersed in when reading this book.  There is intrigue,love, jealousy and mystery in this medieval Japanese epic.  The plot is never dull and constantly moving.  You will begin to feel that you are living the story rather than reading it.  When you pick this book up, you will not be able to put it down.
B0000508U6|5.0|Though not their first album (they have released four EP's in Great Britan), Parachutes is Coldplay's first LP, and a masterful one at that.  Often compared to Radiohead, Coldplay's &quot;Parachutes&quot; is at least as consistent as any of Radiohead's albums; if not nearly as profound.  It is similarly listenable, though, even from the first trip through.  And it ends up being an album for the same moods as OK Computer- an album to lounge around listening to; an album to soak in and sift through layers of acoustic and electric guitar strum and tremolo.  Elegantly simple, and similarly beautiful.  <br />This album feels like Summer days growing up; like lemonade and homework; and first love and loss; and smoky jazz nightclubs.
B00005214X|5.0|This is such a wonderful album. I never got around to buying the previously released CD version of it (and, reading the comments of many other reviewers, it looks like this was a good thing on my part), so what I've had all these many years is the original vinyl, worn away and full of surface noise. (Remember the orange colored Apple labels?) In approaching a review of this new release, one must appreciate what it is, and be mindful of its place in history. This is an explosion of George Harrison's material written while he was Beatle George, squeezed out of the way by the behemoth of Lennon/McCartney and the quantity (and quality) of their songs. And, in a very real way, this feels a lot like a Beatle album, much more than any of the other Beatles early solo work. Ringo is there, and Phil Spector, coming off the Let it Be LP. But now George is the front man, and this was his chance to shine in the spotlight, to prove that his songs were just as good, just as great, if only they were given the chance to be heard. And with the world-wide sensation of \\"My Sweet Lord\\", who could argue with that premise? This was a well-received offering, with great stuff still on the way (such as the amazing \\"Living in the Material World\\"). <br />The key issue with \\"All Things Must Pass\\" is a perception, based on the opinions of so-called music \\"experts\\", that time has not treated it very well. The songs are dated, they say; that it feels like a museum piece. It's a human nature thing, I guess; say something enough and people just start believing it. And, based on the liner notes, George himself is no exception. He speaks of production that \\"seemed appropriate at the time\\" and how difficult it was to resist re-mixing every track for the CD package. What comes across is how precious this album is to him, and how desperately he wants to preserve it for history - to undo the \\"crime\\" of that damn production. He has struggled, it seems, with how much he should tamper with it. For George, these are songs that he thinks of a certain way, and the Spectorized treatment of them does not always match with his own perceptions. He tries to clue us in to this with the bonus tracks included on the first CD. He has rid these tracks of ALL reverb whatsoever - the production is very raw. As if he's saying, \\"See, this is what it really should sound like\\". It is interesting to think of how it all could be different - if you listen to \\"I Live For You\\", the logical extension is to think of how a song like \\"Awaiting On You All\\", a titanic wall of sound if there ever was one, would fare with the alternative treatment. <br />The fact is, though, that this is all a bunch of nonsense.<br />The songs sound great - or rather, the great songs sound great. \\"I'd Have You Anytime\\", \\"My Sweet Lord\\", \\"Beware of Darkness\\", \\"All Things Must Pass\\", just to name the most obvious, are simply perfect. Any other production would be a detriment, contrary to the prevailing school of thought. And that's one key point: this is not a perfect album. MOST of the songs are good or great, but not all, and no matter what the production the lessor tunes were not headed for immortality.  If I had the chance to talk to George myself, I'd tell him to let it go - this is a beautiful record, warts and all (as they say), and there's no need to change a thing. What comes to mind is something Duke Ellington said in a film clip in the last installment of the Ken Burns \\"Jazz\\" program. When asked what piece of music of his was his favorite, he instantly replied, \\"The one I'm writing tomorrow, always!\\" Go out and make another masterpiece tomorrow, George, and be proud of All Things Must Pass for the great achievement it is. Let it be.<br />There's also been a little talk about the paucity of liner notes from George. But frankly, I'm a member of the \\"enough anthologies\\" crowd. There's no need to put this under the microscope and dissect it. Just listen to the music - that's the message.  The minimalism makes the little things, like George poking fun at his Liverpudlian accent, \\"Let your `hur' hang all around me\\", stand out a little more. And the cover on the booklet, with the freeway, skyscrapers and nuclear towers? - hysterical! How very, well, Beatle-esque! <br />One additional note: if you were looking for the lyrics for that one verse in \\"Awaiting On You All\\", you won't find it. Radio announcer Richard Neer will still always be able to find work answering that bit of trivia!<br />All in all, a loving treatment of a great record by George Harrison.
B000002GB6|5.0|There's not much else I can say about this album that the previous reviewers haven't already said.  I've been a fan since 1975  (Mr. Mangione's music got me thru some difficult times). I totally agree with the reviewer who said that this music came along at the right time - to remedy the disco obsession of that era.  There have been some critics who have questioned the merit of this music to be called jazz - to them I say POO!  Who cares, it's great music.  I only wish they would reissue &quot;Main Squeeze&quot;.
B00002R0MC|5.0|No coincidence that this review is being written today, February 6, 2001 - the 56th Anniversary of the birth of Bob Marley. Activities honoring him today include a Star on Hollywood's 'Walk of Fame' and Bob Marley day being celebrated in various places around the world. In a couple of weeks he will receive the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Grammy's. Twenty years after his death his music sells well and numerous artistes have done covers of his songs or released their own interpretations. Reggae is taught in music schools in France, African musicians have made the rhythms their own, Japanese tourists go on pilgrimages to his house in Jamaica and his name, image and music are known worldwide. Not bad for a poor mulatto from a Kingston ghetto. How did this happen? Bob's music and his message - these 'Songs of Freedom' - were, and still are bigger and broader than any narrow definition - whether category, culture, race or religion. They are truly songs of life, songs for all and songs for ever.<br />This 4 CD set opens with 'Judge Not' a simple ska tune and ends with Bob and his acoustic guitar on 'Redemption Song' - a live performance in Pittsburgh in 1980, his last concert. Listen to the crowd noise swelling towards the end. A transition was coming. Although Bob surely knew he was ill, his brain tumour having been diagnosed only recently, his audience was unaware and he surely had no idea that within 8 months he would have passed on. Makes this rendition that much more poignant and a tear jerker, I don't mind telling you. In between these two tracks you will be treated to some of the well known hits, extended play and dub versions of other songs, live performances, some little known earlier releases and at least one cut totally unknown prior to this (Acoustic Medley).<br />It's all here - the development of the sound from early ska through rocksteady to funky and even punky reggae to his heavy bass and drum rhythms. What this set does best is show how between 1962and 1981, one man and one band, took a home grown rhythm added and experimented with other influences (R&amp;B, Soul, Funk, Jazz, Blues), created various flavours of Reggae and then took it and musically conquered the world. The booklet that comes with the set is just a little sweetener. It's not possible to get a more complete story of Bob and the Wailers without buying all the individual Island Record albums.
0316777722|5.0|David Sedaris' stories frequently are so funny that I laugh out loud, making those around to grow a little concerned.  The author relates a story concerning speach therapy in school where he is &quot;treated&quot; for a lisp.  Instead of being guided as intended, he uses a thesauris to find alternate words and resorts to stilted language to avoid the use of the letter &quot;S,&quot; (such as &quot;the pet of the teacher&quot;).  Another hilarious story involves traveling on a Paris train along with American tourists who believe that no one on the train could possibly speak English. The tourists make derogatory comments about him and he mentally cuts them down.  This book will certainly brighten your day and leave you hungry for other stories by Sedaris.  I wish him a long life and many years of creativity ahead.
B00000J2KX|3.0|People who view &quot;The Shining&quot; usually fall into one of two categories:  those who love it (having never read the novel), and those who hate it (having loved the novel).  My opinion falls somewhere in the middle.  If you don't know the story by now, you can read the other reviews to check out the details; I won't present them here.  I also will not judge the film on the merits of the book.  Such a comparison would not be fair.<br />Many fans and critics will agree that Kubrick's &quot;2001&quot; is a masterpiece of science-fiction film making.  &quot;The Shining&quot; came so close to being a horror masterpiece, that you just wish someone could fix it.  But, it's too late for that.  In Kubrick's defense, the images look wonderful.  Kubrick had a great eye for what he wanted to paint on the screen.  He was so careful and meticulous that every scene &quot;looks&quot; right.  The scenes are clear, uncluttered, and exactly what he wanted.  And of course the Nicholson performance is great, as we have come to expect.  Kubrick's choices of music are creepy and set just the right mood.  <br />Now for the problems I have with the film.  For those unfamiliar with the story, the pace is extremely slow.  I know that Kubrick wants to build a certain amount of tension and build a reasonable foundation, but he also asks his audience to stay with him for a very long time.  Some of the scenes don't work well.  I really like him, but I thought Crothers's scenes were very stiff and unrelaxed.  Sadly, very few of the scenes with Shelley Duvall work.  It's a very weak performance.  Any actress who wants to work opposite Nicholson had better be up to the task, and she just wasn't.  An almost great film.    <br />The DVD itself is rather disappointing as well.  It was a real let-down to see that Kubrick had not chosen the widescreen format, but I got over that.  The distributors, however, SHOULD have taken care that the print that we see was the best one, free from scratches anddirt.  The video transfer is very poor in some places.  I was really looking forward to the documentary by Kubrick's wife about the making of the film.  This too was a disappointment.  While she gives us a glimpse of how her husband worked, Mrs. Kubrick includes too many scenes that don't really tell us anything about the making of the film.  Also included are long scenes from the film that we've already seen.  Again, a disappointment, but better than nothing.
B000058T5E|5.0|jeff puts a number of his strengths together on this one. first he shows he gave up absolutely nothing by switching from pick to his big ol fat thumb, and more and more of late, from fingers to slide. only with that big ol fat boy could he coax those tones thick as redwoods, and get those harmonics wobbly and gluey as drunk donkeys from the strat, cat. speed was never an issue with him anyhow. then he goes for funk, so that he gets to work short, jagged lines, his specialty. want a five minute solo? look elsewhere. want 20 seconds and jeff is the man. and speaking of funk, jeff has shown many times in the past how much american black music is in his soul, not just blues but jazz and funk too. but this outfunks the rest with a rock twist. he continues too with world and ambient experiments. when i first heard &quot;nadia&quot; i thought it was just a stunt: can jeff sound like a sitar? sure can! but the melody and art come out with repeat plays. the only thing i don't get is the cover:just what is it we had coming, an oil change? should have just pictured that big ol thumb--up!
B000026156|5.0|After watching the Ken Burns Jazz Series last month, I went back to the period that came up short in the programming - the 70's - 80's.  The series ran a theme that Jazz had died in the 70's.  As a teenager who discovered &quot;Conference of The Birds&quot; during this time, I had to disagree with the critics.  Jazz did not die, it evolved.  This recording is a beautiful classic example of that evolution.  That evolution is still going on today, in 2001.  Listen to this CD and then follow it by playing Holland's latest recording &quot;Prime Directive.&quot;  Dave is still evolving and spinning out classics.  No other Bassist/Composer that I have heard in the last 25 years spins out more intriguing music than Holland.  His Bass playing is crystal clear and very strong, while his compositions are structually complete.  He always works with first-rate artists who are continuously challenged, and they respond in kind by taking the compositions to their highest level.  &quot;Conference of The Birds&quot; is one of the most beautiful compositions that I have ever heard.  From the 70's to 2001 -  Holland is still evolving as an artist.  Keep up the excellent work Dave.  As long as Cats like you are around, Jazz is in good hands.
0671015206|4.0|Very much an eye-opening experience of a read.  The authors have really told a story about true wealth in America.  It made me take a good, hard look at what I have accomplished and re-evaluate my future efforts.  What's truly amazing is how the American middle-class is running themselves ragged trying to succeed, but only spinning in circles due to our materialistic society.  I now look at those expensive homes on the golf course and wonder how many of those people really have financial freedom.  I also wonder how many people have bought this book thinking it was a blueprint for how to make $1mm and then were surprised to find this book teach them a much more valuable lesson in life.<br />I would reccommend this to anyone wanting more out of their life.
0553296981|5.0|I just finished this book yesterday, and it is one of the best books I have ever read!  It's so inspiring to read about Anne's life in the &quot;Secret Annexe.&quot;  I hope that more people will read it and learn about what life was like for the Jewish people during World War II.
0060975768|4.0|This narrative is script for a movie in production, starring Mel Gibson,that may be released by 2002....see also on legacy of Vietnam...&quot;Home to War&quot;, 2001 by Gerry Nicosia.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I like this movie becouse it includes new idea ,the actors was exellent and also the director.<br />I think its the best one on 2000.
B0000028RR|5.0|Truly amazing. From the first song 'Bombtrack' to the last 'Freedom', you're shot through with a speed-of-light bullet of pure genius. You can't put a label on it, this is music as it was meant to be. Truly rockin' tunes that will have you playing air guitar in no time, blended with fantastic lyrics straight from the soul. If you only listen to one album in your life, let it be this one. You will never get tired of this.
0679879269|5.0|I have had the immense pleasure of reading Pullman's trilogy to my young son.  I don't know if I would have gotten into it if I had known how rich and complex it was to become, but I am glad I did.  Reading it with him has enriched my pleasure because it has led to countless discussions--not only about the ideas of religion, authority, love, loyalty, the soul, death, and friendship, but also about the craft of fiction.  We expect to finish the book tonight and we will both be sad--not only about the pain inherent in the ending but also because we will lose the pleasure of the books.  <br />I don't know if I could have found the time to read this for myself, but I am glad I did.  It rewards you for your attention, and for what you have read in the past.  I am currently teaching a course on William Blake, and Pullman has done wonders with Blake's beautiful, disturbing and challenging poetry.  Read Blake's prophetic works if you were moved by Pullman's fiction.  If Blake were rolling over in his grave, it was only to get in a more comfortable position to read His Dark Materials for a longer time.<br />I think His Dark Materials is far superior to Tolkein for this reason: Tolkein may have been the superior world builder, but Pullman's trilogy is intellectually richer and more deeply moving.  Tolkein's universe was black and white: good hobbits and bad Orcs (a Blakean figure for revolutionary energy).  In Pullman's world, Mrs. Coulter is able to save the world because she is so corrupt--which only convinces us of her goodness.  Pullman's generosity to his characters (except for figures like Metatron, who seemed like a video game character to me) is worthy of one inspired by Blake.  I was sad when we said good-bye to Frodo and company, but I  will be haunted by Lyra, Will, Lee Scoresby, Balthamos, Iorek, Serafina, Lord Asriel, Pantalaimon (ah!).
B000000HTM|5.0|There are maybe a dozen albums that float timeless in the prog-rock pantheon. This is most assuredly one of them. As complex, fluent and obtuse as 70's era Crimson, as narrative as Gabriel era Genesis (Foxtrot-The Lamb), and darker then the lot, after one close inspection of &quot;A Plague of Lighthousekeepers&quot;, you will be left with the strange feeling of being refreshingly unclean. Take a bath!!!  I've always held &quot;Pawn hearts&quot; as the Anti-Universe to &quot;The Rotters Club&quot; by Hatfield and the North. Play them back to back and you will forever by held in the stillness of the moment before chaotic ruin. Haunting.
0920668372|5.0|It took me a gazillion read-throughs before I could end the story dry-eyed, but my children have adored this book forever (they're now 4 and 7).  They think a lot of it is hysterically funny (the shenanigans of the younger children, the ridiculous idea of the mother driving around at night with a ladder on her car so she can snuggle her grown son), but they also find it tremendously comforting that, no matter what a child may do, Mom will love them forever.<br />&quot;Love You Forever&quot; is different in tone from the rest of Munsch's work, which tends to be far more lighthearted and even more wonderfully ludicrous (e.g. giant farts attacking all the grownups, or a little girl trying to find someone to take care of a baby she's pulled out of a hole in the sandbox). Give 'em a try as well!
B000002ADT|5.0|I know nothing at all about jazz, modal or otherwise, but somebody recommended this to me and I like it a lot. It's a bit like Philip Glass, or environmental ambient music, in that it's a series of cyclic rhythms overlaid with soloing from various trumpets and saxophones. The music shifts slowly over the course of the album, and although there are six different pieces they are essentially one long whole. It's very, very minimalist, and although the sleeve says that it was recorded in 1959 it's completely timeless. Best of all, you can play it over and over again - the mixture of simplicity and complexity remains fascinating, and it's not so much a complete whole as a tiny snapshot of an potentially-infinite, continually-generated performance.
0553573403|4.0|You have about 500 other reviews to choose from so I'll try to keep this practical and useful.  If you're the sort who reads &quot;fantasy&quot; novels to escape from the troubles of your everyday life, run screaming from this book.  There is no heroic quest here, and little or no magic.  Instead we're given a land that would comfortably fit in next to our own world's medieval history, centered around the schemings of royal families and populated by characters who on average are capable of cruelties that would only be attempted by a great villain in any other fantasy novel.<br />And yet it's the people who make this book such a compelling read.  This is an intensely character-driven novel right down to its very structure, which is broken into chapters dedicated to 8 different characters, each a flawed protagonist in his/her own way.  The book itself weighs in at over 800 pages, and very little of that is spent on battles or scenery, or even a resolution to the plot.  Instead it's densely packed with the thoughts, feelings, schemes, and observations of the characters, and you're unlikely to avoid getting very emotionally entangled to at least one of them.  The combination of this with the brutal setting makes you genuinely cheer whenever a sympathetic character finally accomplishes something positive, or groan with dread when another character makes a tragic mistake.  And you might be shocked at how willingly you would murder a character with your bare hands if only you could leap into the pages.  I think it's this sort of emotional response that has so many readers proclaiming this series a great work of fiction.<br />A few potential negatives: The book itself has no resolution, it's an installment in a huge epic that will require a big appetite to finish.  Also, there's an unusual level of sexual content, and almost none of it is what you'd call romantic.  I'm not squeamish, but I found it very oppressive at times.  This is, perhaps realistically, a very unkind world towards women.  Finally, most of the main characters are disconcertingly young, ranging from 7 to 15 years old.  I think the idea is for them to age into their primes over the course of the series (if they live), but given the overall tone of the book the innocence and brutality can clash uncomfortably.<br />Overall, definitely read it if you prefer gritty realism and have an appetite for large scale storytelling.  Avoid it if you're sentimental or have enough grim reality in your life already.  This book is not for everyone.orld towards women.  Finally, most of the main characters are disconcertingly young, ranging from 7 to 15 years old.  I think the idea is for them to age into their primes over the course of the series (if they live), but given the overall tone of the book the innocence and brutality can clash uncomfortably.<br />Overall, definitely read it if you prefer gritty realism and have an appetite for large scale storytelling.  Avoid it if you're sentimental or have enough grim reality in your life already.  This book is not for everyone.
6305297207|5.0|Note: May contain spoilers.<br />This is one cool and gory movie! The Evil Dead is definitely a great choice for any horror movie fan! It has everything you could possibly ever want in a horror movie. Great settings, spooky and dark atmosphere, cool cast, and gore galore!  The story is about five friends who visit a cabin in the woods on the mountains. They go into the cellar and find a tape  recorder and a very weird book. They play the tape and it raises Hell. Trees come to life, Humans transform into Monsters, and the red stuff flies. A lot of the red stuff at that. If your a gorehound, you've found just what your looking for. Eyeballs are gouged out, heads blown off, bodies melt, and much more. This movie definitely set the standard in gruesomeness. The special F/X are surprisingly very good for  a movie that was shot on such a low budget (the budget was around ........ or so). Bruce Campbell also makes a great  horror movie Hero and is definitely the coolest! And believe me, this movie WILL scare you. Watch this late at night in the  dark all alone and scare yourself silly! No horror fan should miss this gore-drenched classic! Buy it! It's an all-time favorite.
B000000OQF|5.0|This is the finest piece of work from the Roses and it's the one which made them who they were.  In the decade and a half since the album came out, no artist has produced a debut as big or as musically dynamic as this one.   When G `n' R were being compared to bands such as The Rolling Stones, Queen and AC/DC, it was down to all the tracks on this album and their subsequent tour from it.  They were well founded comparisons too and by the time the EP \\"Lies\\" was released, it was easy to imagine the Roses future as one of the greatest rock acts ever.   Every song on the album stands out as a musical masterpiece of it's own.  To label \\"Sweet Child O' Mine\\" a ballad, doesn't do justice to one of the greatest love songs ever written.  It nestles perfectly amongst powerful, grinding rock songs like \\"It's so Easy\\", \\"Welcome to the Jungle\\" and \\"Nightrain.\\"   Theres a lesson to be learned for all musicians from this era of G `n' R.  When you've got a collection of musicians who work well with each other, no matter how volatile and single minded they are, strive to keep them together
B00005221L|1.0|Predator is a very good movie and is very unfairly underrated but this DVD bites big time. The picture and sound is bad (the picture is grainy and the sound constantly skips).  Not only that, but there are NO extras other than the trailer (which is a Teaser if you can believe that!). The cover has also changed and is pretty lame. Just buy the video and stay FAR away from this craptacular DVD. Fox should be ashamed.
B000002JSP|4.0|Like other Zeppelin customer/fans have described, In Through the Out Door accurately demonstrated what eclipse the band was in the process of going through. Getting older and a bit worn out by this time, Zep began to rely more heavily upon synthesized sounds and studio effects. Still, most cuts remained consistent with music styles the band had best become known for. All of My Love, In The Evening and Fool In The Rain all became successful hits while songs Hot Dog and South Bound Saurez also promoted the group's talent without much if any sacrifice. As for the other cuts, well, no band can compose one miracle track after another. Apart from their late 70's-80's gradual performance decline, any fan/listener must give the group enthusiastic support for their persistent energies at the time. John Bonham I think would have been proud if he knew this recording was destined to become his final contribution with the band. On a sorrowful note, when members reorganized afterward to release albums that ultimately choked from either lack of song(s) focus and/or theme originality. Whether the floating effects of hard drugs prompted this or their beauty queens all anticipating sex, roses and fancy perfume after long recording sessions, that scenario always has impacted lifestyles of huge rock bands and you best determine the answer(s) for yourself.
6302989787|5.0|John Malkovich gives a remarkable performance that is simultaneously both incredibly terrifying and gripping. Clint Eastwood gives an equally strong performance as a washed up old secret service agent. This is my favorite Eastwood film, because there is such complexity to the story but with that same Clint Eastwood attitude that gets your adrenaline pumping. There are a couple classic lines that Clint Eastwood makes unforgettable. His romance with Rene Russo is done very well, I especially like the charming piano scene, which showed some complexity and gave insight into Eastwood's character. Overall one of the best movies I have ever seen.
0671034065|5.0|I laughed so hard at some parts of this book I almost choked.  My aunt and I have both read it and now continually say My God, BooBoo, would you look at that !  and then crack up.  Jaine is alot like me and other women I know.  Not shallow, or prissy.  I like her alot and wouldn't mind her being my neighbor at all, especially if she brought Sam along.  This was my first Linda Howard book but will not be the last.  I collect only certain authors and this book is going on the cannot borrow shelf(sorry, mom)
0684853523|5.0|Unfortunately, I had never read a single word written by Stephen King before I found this book under my Christmas tree.  What a fabulous gift!  I laughed out loud several times.  <br />There's some stellar advice in this one... about writing AND living.  Read it and vow to never write another adverb as long as you live!
B000002I99|5.0|Imagine if Edgar Allen Poe was alive and writing music. He'd probably come out with something like &quot;Welcome To My Nightmare&quot;. Entertaining, creepy, and funny all at once this is the best album ever produced by Alice Cooper.  The scariest thing about this album is that it was made in the mid 70's and is light years beyond todays &quot;newer, better&quot; bands. A definite must have in any rock fan's collection and a true crown jewel for art-, prog-, alternative- rock fans.
B00000IAU3|1.0|The song Here With Me compelled me to get this album though I wish I didn't. The songs all sound the same: same boring synthesizers and dull vocals. There is no range at all on this CD and the lyrics are basically all about lost love. Dido has a lot of potential but I think this release is boring, uninspired, and not too different from what's already polluting the air waves.
0385334206|5.0|This is the first Vonnegut book I have read, and I was blown away.  'Breakfast of Champions' definitely belongs among the list of books that will change the way you think about everything.  On top of that, 'Breakfast' is a light meal that split my sides and made me burst out laughing more than once.  Paradoxically, however, its subject is the meaning of the Universe, and you can't get much heavier than that.<br />Read it in one sitting, and you won't regret it. (Unless you happen to be like these other blokes who wrote negative reviews of this book.  To those people, I have one sentence for you: Go back to Fairy Land -- and take your KFC and Pontiacs with you.)<br />God bless you, Mr. Vonnegut.
B000009QOC|5.0|This is the second in the series.  Pretty badass too.  A little darker than the first.  Definitely more consistent and even.  Buy it now.
B00003CXN4|2.0|This has got to be the most heavy-handed, patronizing film of all time. The performances of all the teenagers (especially the one who played the daughter) were cheesy and laughable. I was surrounded by snickers when I saw this in the theatre. <br />Even more ridiculous is just how much people go on about the &quot;realistic&quot; portrayal of the drug problem. Realistic? Douglas just happens to become nation's drug czar at the same time that his daughter becomes a drug-obsessed, skid row prostitute--while maintaining &quot;all A's&quot; at her exclusive prep school. When her husband gets thrown in the can, Zeta-Jones transforms overnight from happy housewife to sangfroid assassin and drug queen. I'm sure we can all relate.<br />If it weren't for that enlightening Orrin Hatch cameo, this would've been just another one-star wonder.
0440539811|5.0|Watch out! This book will destroy your sanity! If you lack sanity to begin with, though, you MUST read this book. It will give you something to strive for.
2895170711|5.0|Richard Gere is the principle narrator in this superbly produced CD format version of Antoine de Saint-Exupery's classic children's story The Little Prince. This fifty minute production is a technically flawless audio version of a pilot stranded in the desert and wakening one morning to see before him a little fellow who captures the hearts and imaginations of all who read (and now hear) this remarkable modern fable. Haley Joel Osment gives voice to the Little Prince, while Marina Orsini, Adam Frost, Richard Allen, Dave Walsh, Ara Y. Kentenjian, Patrick Selitz, and Mickey Kessler lend their talents to this multicast production, with music by Alexandre Stankevicius. The Little Prince is highly entertaining, enthusiastically recommended, and a &quot;must&quot; for school and community library audiobook CD collections.
0804106304|5.0|I purchased this book as part of my reading list for university -- I found that once I started reading I couldn't put it down.  The book is a collection of stories about these 4 Chinese women who have moved to San Francisco, who make up the Joy Luck Club.  It is a wonderful book about the relationships between mothers and daughters and the cultural/generational gaps facing their families.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good read.
B00003CXPD|5.0|I have seen this movie last week. It was released only then in Holland. I was very impressed by it. Shows two plots. The ignorence of those that say, &quot; boys can't be dancers&quot;, and the love of one of the boys for the other ( Billy Elliot )...I find the rating in the US absurd..18y...its a nice movy with wonderfull unknown actors..absolutly brilliant.....The movie of the year already..a must for all...
0679735909|1.0|I must admit, I couldn't get past page 50 of this behemoth Booker Prize winner... and thank God! Because nothing I heard during my book group's subsequent discussion of it led me to believe I would have liked the remaining 500 pages. Byatt constructs a somewhat imaginative romance hidden within the poems of two obscure Victorian writers. All very nicely done I suppose, but it was putting me to sleep... Somewhere in the dreadful poems, faux letters, and overwritten prose, there is probably a decent story, however I saw little evidence of it, or of any characters to care about. I doubt I'll be spending any more of my precious time on earth in Byatt's tedious academic settings.
6305014140|5.0|This movie has it all.  Awesome fighting- with ninjas, lots of blood and gore, great characters... but an odd storyline. The story is about a nomadic ninja, who comes across a plot of an evil ninja who he thought was dead.  So of course the wandering ninja has to fight.  (Also because of the fact that a little old man &quot;poisons him and forces him to fight&quot;. There is nudity and several sexual molestation scenes, making this movie along with the gore not for children or young teenagers.  This is in my opinion one of the best martial art animes there is.  I highly recommend it.
B00000634L|4.0|As seems to be the case everywhere else (from reading the reviews), Drinking in Hell-A was the only song that achieved any airplay in Ireland. I finally got around to getting this album about a year later. And while I still think Drinking's simple yet poinyant lyrics on the waster lifestyle (I know exactly what they mean) is by far the best song, this isn't to say that the rest of the album is weak. It consists of a (quite large) number of top-rate songs, with (perhaps too many) filler tracks, and the odd gem that is just so daft as to be genius (&quot;Couch surfer&quot; - an accurate description of my friend's flatmates and a highlight of the album, &quot;Exactly like me&quot;, &quot;Old School&quot;). The filler ranges from the tragically underdeveloped (listen to the rockin' beat and smooth vocal delivery in &quot;Problems&quot;, which disappointingly finishes after only a bare minute,) to the utterly bizarre and/or pointless (Gimme Sheldon, Highway to Heck, Lucknow, Oblonging). However, it's when the band allow a track to open up properly that you find gold. Cases in point: &quot;Forest&quot;'s dark lyrics but singalong chorus, with some French thrown in for good measure, &quot;Supermodel&quot;'s tuneful jangly guitar and silly Southern-accent lyrics about a diner waitress and her sweetheart, &quot;Afrodiziak&quot; and &quot;Carry On&quot;'s Carribean flavour (which I initially wasn't into but now like) and &quot;Mama don't smoke&quot;'s simplicity and lovely harmonies, offset by bizarre lyrics (compare Eminem &quot;I just found out my mom does more dope than I do.&quot;)  Sometimes, though, the genre crossovers are just a bit over the top, e.g. Willard's country opening suddenly launches into heavy drum'n'bass(!), Old School jumps disconcertingly from metal to Seventies bouncy hip hop. But despite all this, the band pratically always demonstrate at least a competent understanding of the style they're using. It is here that the band's great strength lies. The real question is what their follow-up would/will be like - we could see what they're capable of now that their large number of experimental tracks are presumably out of the way. However, &quot;collectives&quot; like these have a habit of kind of dissolving without trace, and it's been about 4 years since this was released so I can only hope that they are, in fact, still around and are working on Glee part 2 as I write.
B000053V7Q|5.0|it is my goal to teach the generation of today a little something about music, and to teach everyone what a true singer really is. a true singer is someone who is able to communicate feelings and emotions to his or her audience, to be able to interpret a lyric in such a way as to convey a warmth and passion to the listenner, very few singers this century, or in history for that matter have been able to do this, elvis presley is in an elite group of singers who have tremendous soul, and blessed with a full rich expressive voice, that is very unique and passionate.  we may never again witness a remarkable singer with the ability to touch his fans on such an emotional level, and this wonderful new special edition dvd serves as a reminder to us all of the wonderful talent of this man, and his tremendous gift of music that continues to bring joy to millions the world over! i highly reccomend this title to anyone who loves music in general, and of course the millions of elvis fans around the world, enjoy!
0312867123|4.0|Although set in the near future with a wee bit of hard science trappings, this book is really more interested in examining the ramifications of what might happen if everyone in the world was given a two minute glimpse at their lives some 30 years in the future. What happens is that a big particle accelerator experiment in Switzerland somehow coincides with some particles coming from a brown hole in outer space to cause a &quot;flashforward&quot; in which everyone blacks out and has &quot;visions.&quot; At this point, part of the plot diverges into a mystery as one of the scientists tries to figure who is going to murder him in the future and why. The other scientist ties to figure what happened and reconcile his vision of being in bed with a woman who is not the woman he's about to marry. Naturally this all gets into a lot of free will vs. destiny stuff mixed up with space-time continuum stuff. I found the science bits are kind of beat, and some of the international political reactions kind of simplistic, but when the story focuses on individuals, it's interesting.
B00003CX95|5.0|In a nut-shell, Braveheart will make your emotions run wild.  You will laugh, you will cry and after the film has ended, you will feel a deep appreciation for what William Wallace did in the film. The story is about a young Scott named William Wallace, played by Mel Gibson, who also directed the film, who is growing up in Scotland under the rule of the Evil King of England &quot;Edward the Longshanks&quot;, when his father and brother are killed trying to start a rebellion.  Wallace grows up and upon a certain string of events that affects him, starts a rebellion against the evil king, and starts the movement to free Scotland from England's rule. The characters in the movie were based on real people, and although most of the events in the movie really happened during Longshank's rule, the movie was victim to small changes then what history tells- but nothing that affects the movie as a whole.  You will still love it. The musical score for Braveheart was brilliantly conducted as well. The costumes were awesome, the acting was top-notch- movies don't get better than this. Winning 5 academy awards (including best picture and director) shows the hard work and determination that was put into this movie. 5 stars ALL THE WAY!
B00003CWOL|4.0|OK, this has got to be the most irreverent film since 'Life of Brian', and Smith even seems to be paying homage to this work in places.  The placement of George Carlin, one of our favorite religious commentary/critic comics as a reformational cardianl was quite apropriate.  Smith is taking advantage of the larger budget to pull in some star power, as well as Affleck and Damon's now famous/popular mugs.  As such, the film loses the DIY sensibility and roughness of his previous works, and should really be considered a separate piece, not really following the same indie criteria of the 'New Jersey trilogy', although a few references to the previous movies sneak in.  <br />While I think that this is probably Smith's funniest film as a satire, I still think 'Chasing Amy' is the best of his 4 works for its combination of humor and tragedy.
B000003TA4|5.0|This album definitely played a highly influential role in the formation of what rock is to us today, but it is hardly the best album Nirvana produced.  Their first album, Bleach, received no recognition when it was actually more original and displayed more talent than the sophomore album, Nevermind.  However, Nirvana was one of the most influential bands of the 90's, if not the most influential, and this album was their key to success.
B0000024UX|5.0|I remember being at Tri-Hi-Y camp when I was a teen and taking a stroll through the snowy, clear, star-studded midnight woods with some friends.  Someone had a radio and the DJ was playing &quot;So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright.&quot;  The mix of that clear winter night and this lovely, ethereal song was the closest I've come to experiencing true magic in my life (not wholly unlike the scene in the &quot;Pink Moon&quot; Volkswagen commercial).  Simon and Garfunkel's music has always affected me that way, and this album is their apex.  It will always remind me of my adolescence and how poignant and intense everything felt then.
0446677450|4.0|. . .No doubt about it, Robert Kiyosaki is a masterful storyteller.  I imagine when he talks in person to audiences, they are spellbound.  However, on paper, his long, rambling tales needed more than a little pruning. I found myself skipping ahead and wondering, &quot;well, when ARE we going to find out what the rich know that I don't know?&quot; (Frankly, I thought rich dad was a bit of a jerk and that poor dad, in the long run, probably made more lasting contributions to society through his work in education--but that's another topic for another time)<br />And what do they know? Well, what I got out of this was:  <br />--a house is not an &quot;asset&quot; (but real estate is?  Oh, I get it. . .Mr. Kiyosaki owns real estate where he can CHARGE RENT! Methinks his advice is just a wee bit tainted there. . .)<br />--a car is a &quot;toy&quot; (well, actually, I drive a Saturn, not a Mercedes like Mrs. K does--and what was the point of telling that if not to brag?--and I pretty much need it to see to my business and that of my family's).  I do disagree with him there. . .until we all get rich like they are, our cars are TOOLS, not toys, and I would have felt less condescended to had he said something like, &quot;choose wisely and well the tools you need to carry on your business.&quot;  <br />--making money is a synergy of accounting, investing, marketing, and law.  Yes, it is. . .and I absolutely agree with him that this is the stuff we should be teaching kids in school instead of &quot;new math&quot; or how to dissect a frog.<br />--work for yourself, not for someone else.  When you see someone like Bill Gates or Donald Trump get out there and strike it rich through work, opportunity and an irresistable product, it's hard to argue with that statement.  As a career counselor by profession, though, I agree with one of the other reviewers who said that not everyone is temperamentally suited to own a business, and that money is certainly not everything.  Also, yet another reviewer said that without the workers that manufacture and produce and build whatever is being sold, the business owner has nothing to put out there.  Not everyone can be king of the hill or cock of the walk.  <br />I did, however, find his advice to a newspaper reporter/budding author to be sound, and something immediately applicable to my own situation:  study writing, but also take courses or seminars to build up a background in sales, marketing, advertising copywriting, and public relations.  I took notes on that whole chapter, and it was worth the price of the book.<br />Once I did that, though, I sold my copy of the book.  My advice to you, the reader, is to borrow it, take good notes, and then give it back to the library or the friend who loaned it to you.  After all, they don't charge interest;)
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is the best DVD buy to this date! Schwarzenegger is back as the ultimate cyborg assassin but this time as the heroe. The DVD is packed full of extras including three versions of the film with 15 mins of extra footage and an extended special edition with a further 3 mins of footage. Four trailers are included, three making of documentories,production notes,the entire screen play and lastly 700 storyboards!!! Now is that value or not. A fan would almost have puppies over this package!! This DVD packs in 6 hours of footage on a single disk and the extended version offers the story more depth,an alternate ending  and scope to the possible sequels!!<br />Buy this DVD and enjoy for a very long time!!! The extended special version is accessed (it is hidden in the menus) by entering 82997(the date of judgement).Once again buy this DVD!!
6305363668|5.0|Rutger Hauer's &quot;tears in the rain&quot; soliloquy is one of the most moving scenes in all of American cinema, bar none.
B000002I25|5.0|WOW! The Doors' debut album was their BEST! The opening track, &quot;Break on Through,&quot; sets the stage to the bizarre and moody theatrical songs that follow: &quot;The Crystal Ship,&quot; &quot;Take It As It Comes,&quot; &quot;Alabama Song, and &quot;The End.&quot;  &quot;Light My Fire&quot; was the ultimate 60's song! No song before had such an intense sound with Ray's fireball organ solo and John Densmore's jazz influenced drumming. But it's, of course, Jim Morrison's vocals that really take it to the &quot;other side!&quot; It's a must-have album!
B00000JSPE|5.0|I managed to get this cd at a bonus price of 4.99 and when i put it, i realised why Take That were so popular.  Their music will stand the test as time as its heartfelt and meaningfull.  The greatest hits contains all of their UK number ones and all of their eariler hits ranging from Do What You Like to their swan song How Deep Is Your Love.  Take That will always in the Uk be reguarded as our first real boy band, and the one who spawned many more.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|I saw all the blockbusters of 2000 and this one was simply the best one of the bunch. Sure there may be historical mistakes, I have witnessed them in any movie i watch, but hey, this isn't a history channel show. I thought the acting was just right and the story line kept me involved till the very end. If you are not looking for over the top acting and unbelieveable special effects this is the movie to watch. I rank it up with Saving Pvt Ryan.
0452282152|5.0|Vermeer immortalized the Girl with the Pearl Earring, a face that launched a thousand trips to the museum.  For over 300 years, the world has enjoyed the gift he has given this anonymous girl from Delft, one of perpetual beauty and mystery our children's children will surely ponder.  The author, Tracy Chavalier, has created a dignified, bittersweet and complementary story for Vermeer's subject.  This skilled author kept with the tone of Vermeer's work, respectful and accurate.  At the same time, she managed to effectively marry fiction with historical fact; I valued the information I picked up along the way.  If you're an art enthusiast, particularly if you're drawn to Vermeer's pristine and refined Dutch world, the one he has romanticized for us 35 times on canvas, then you'll certainly appreciate this book.    <br />Who says that judging a book by its cover is wrong?  To be honest, I was desperate for a quick and interesting read for a Sunday afternoon - I needed to be swept away to another world.  I picked up this book purely based on its attractive front (and, of course, my love for the enigmatic Vermeer).  What I then discovered was another portal into his world...from the perspective of charming Griet, the heroine.  While I gleaned the feminist undertones, whether intentional or not, they were subtly expressed and in no way did they distract me from the story at hand. Griet:  her savvy, her spunk, her limitations, her obligations, her time of service as a maid, her awe and sacrifice for her master, Johannes Vermeer, are what you'll be concerned with. Although I did feel emotionally charged by Griet, she didn't electrocute me.  I was aware of the distance of time and culture, and I welcomed it. Chavalier did not waste my time jerking my tears; she merely presented me an enjoyable escape.  Read the book.  You'll love it.
0679720200|5.0|The darkness and simplicity of this wonderful book are frequently misunderstood. Many readers find Merseault cold and emotionless, but this is not the case. Merseault displays emotion in his argument with the prison priest, and (big surprise) his feelings toward his mother.<br />Although he is put on trial for killing an Arab, Mersault is actually condemned for failing to grieve for his mother in public. Have any of you been to the funeral of an elderly realative? Sometimes, despite the emotions you feel for that person, the experience of the funeral is flat, meaningless and logical. All of the love came before the event and will come again many times later. But somehow a funeral leaves one dry and plain. Mersault experienced his mother's death for what it was: a dry and uncomfortable event. He did not put on a show for the people involved with the funeral or those who knew the deceased. His actions were plain and honest. <br />But Merseault does have feelings for his mother. When he learns much later that she had a lover in the elderly home she occupied he feels glad for her. That moment of empathy if an extrordinary act of comppassion. It is also a private one.<br />&quot;The Stranger&quot; reveals many simple truths about the kind of people we are and it raises questions about the inegrity behind our thoughts and actions. It is a wonderful book whose value is easily overlooked by people who only put stock in a verbose work.
0440219078|5.0|In a future, perfect world where there is no such thing as pain, hunger, unemployment, or even death, 12 year old Jonas lives with his family in The Community.  In the Community everyone has their chosen job to perform:  Laborer, Nurturer, even Birth Mother.  As a Twelve, Jonas is to take his place in the Community by being given his career.  He is chosen to be the next Receiver of Memory.<br />Jonas soon finds out that to be the new Receiver means that he is to receive all of the memories from all time, including the memories of things that do not exist in the world anymore.<br />...The most obvious reason for this huge turnout for a lesser-known young adult book is obvious:  it is simply a fantastic work.  Ms. Lowry starts off painting such a beautiful picture of this perfect world Jonas inhabits that we, as readers in this more than imperfect world, wish we could join him in his utopia, even with so many personal decisions being made for him.  However, slowly, bit by bit, we realize how limiting his world really is as he is exposed to more and more of what we call &quot;normal life&quot; that he has never even conceived of.<br />&quot;The Giver&quot; is a work of sheer genius for all ages.  However, most will encounter it first in school language arts/reading classes.  Somehow I managed to miss it through my formal school education and finally picked it up at the ripe age of 32.  It sings out to me as a brilliant work as much at my current age as I know it would have if I had read it in junior high.  If you have not yet read it, you simply have to.
B0000011N5|5.0|For Little Ones, a collection of very beautiful acoustic songs, evokes in me visions and feelings of a pastoral life in a Britain of times past, similar to the classical piece The Lark Ascending by Vaughan Williams.  Perhaps one of those rare/obscure masterpieces.  Still sounds as fresh and magical today as it did in 1967.  I don't know why the two records were packaged together because for me they are nothing alike, and there is no reason to draw comparisons between them.  There are no songs on Wear Your Love Like Heaven that are anything like those on For Little Ones.  And nothing in any of Donovan's other work that is really like these songs.  Donovan seems to have had a clear vision of what he was doing on For Little Ones and one could be forgiven for thinking all the songs were written in a short space of time.  It was released as a single album in Australia.  Every one a beautifully crafted song, of things simple and innocent - whelks and periwhinkles, crabs, tinkers, old men, starfish, banjos, lullabies, dreams.  These are timeless songs and themes, and have nothing to do with flower power.  They are the work of a very talented artist.  And songs not for children as the title seems to imply, but for all ages.
1563894696|5.0|I remember I was in my junior college year when I first collected this series. And it brought back so much fond memories I couldn't stop myself from writing this stuff. <br />This graphic novel is the collected edition of the famous Batman maxi-series, The Long Halloween (obviously). It is about a young and naive Dark Knight out to clean a city, which loves being dirty with the help of a certain District Attorney called Harvey Dent and a passionate hero-cop named James Gordon. Together they form the triumvirate of justice in a city without hope.  <br />This graphic novel is called as such because our hero is out to catch a killer called 'Holiday', who began his/her killing spree on Halloween night (it really is the Long Halloween because it took a year in real-time for the story to unfold). His/her targets are members of the most notorious crime family in Gotham, The Falcones, marking key monthly events (or holidays) with murders bearing his/her name. So, sounds like an easy case for our well-esteemed hero? Well...no. <br />Of course it would've been muuuccchhh easier for Batman to get his hands on this maniacal monthly murderer if his favorite list of infamous rogues-i.e., the Joker, Catwoman, Poison Ivy, Scarecrow, and Mad Hatter-were on vacation! Add a few more gangsters, Harvey Dent's 'transformation' and boom, you have a Gotham City literally painted in red. Roughly said, this book has all the classic Batman elements of mystery and intrigue masterfully told in each page by Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale. It has adventure, introspection, detective work (man, it has lots of those), and drama woven in a tight yarn that absolutely deserves an Eisner award every which way. And I assure you, the conclusion will leave you plainly breathless and gasping for more. In fact, it is so great a shocker you'll have to read the book again and again just to satiate the inquiries of your baffled senses! <br />So what're you waiting for? Get this book now. Coz you guys are so lucky you don't NEED to wait for a year to find out how the story unfolds. All you need to do is sit back, relax and wander through the Dark Knight's world as you ask the question again and again: WHO REALLY IS HOLIDAY?
B000056VIY|2.0|J-lo lacks of soul, though her vocal improved (i suspect engineers heavily filtered her nasal). It has a few catchy R&amp;B tracks such as 'Love Don't Cost A Thing' and 'I'm Real'. 'Secretly' sounds like a song better sung by Janet Jackson, and 'Walking on Sunshine' needs heavier bass to accentuate the song. Don't expect a fun rhythm of her debut's 'Feel So Good', Latin romancing 'No me ames', club beating 'Waiting for Tonight'. But then, a real artist won't want to do the same thing twice (or more), she deserves a credit for accepting vocal-challenging songs and another for her cutting-edge appearance.
B000002KLZ|5.0|If you found yourself a little annoyed at the over-rehearsed perfection of The Dance tour, Fleetwood Mac Live will have you smiling a big grin as the first notes from Buckingham's guitar begins &quot;Monday Morning&quot;. If The Dance tour was &quot;The Fleetwood Mac Orchestra&quot; with too many back up singers and musicians, this recording from the exhausting Tusk tour (and a few tracks from earlier years and sound checks thrown in) is the band as it was meant to be - five talented folks who sometimes made magic onstage. Although there are supposedly hundreds of live Fleetwood Mac recordings locked up somewhere, this is the only available collection from a time when the band was still proving themselves as a rock and roll powerhouse on stage. The vocals aren't always perfect and sometimes the sound quality is lacking. But once you accept this, you'll come to appreciate and love these songs with their late 70's arrangements. This is from the days when the band played what they wanted and often changed the set from show to show. As a result none of the tracks feel over-rehearsed. Dreams is from a sound check and the back up vocals from Buckingham are gorgeous. Say You Love Me is much more energetic than the lackluster version from The Dance. Oh Well is electric and loud. Over and Over ends with a beautiful Buckingham guitar arrangement, Sara is utterly georgous (again with beautiful haunting guitar work) and Never Going Back Again is probably the finest recording of this song on cd. Although Stevie's voice was severely damaged for Landslide, it's an interesting comparison to her 1997 version. Over My Head is spirited. And the rare Buckingham Nicks track Don't Let Me Down Again is a good example of how this band really could be great when they wanted to be. Other highlights include the old Brian Wilson track &quot;The Farmer's Daughter&quot; which the band resurrected for the Dance tour, but many fans had a hard time hearing it due to a poor sound mix. If nothing else, this album will give you an indication of just how great Stevie Nicks's voice is today and just how wonderful and energetic Christine McVie's live performances used to be. As for Lindsey Buckingham, he was a masterful genius musician on this tour in 1979/1980 and he still is today. Enjoy this band, who knows if we'll ever get to hear them live again...
B000058T5E|5.0|excellent album by jeff beck his guitar soloing is just great, we all know that beck is right in there with clapton,page,winter,hendrix, blackmore,santana,walsh etc. great buy by a great guitarist. a must for beck collection lovers.
0671646788|5.0|I hate to admit how great this book is.  From it's trite references to &quot;Mr. Negative&quot; and &quot;Mr. Positive&quot; to it's happy, happy, happy all the time philosophy, it's a tough nut for the post-modern mind to crack.  It's easy to imagine Annette Benning's charater in &quot;American Beauty&quot; reading this book and immediately beginning to chant, &quot;If I think I can, I can.  If I think I can, I can.&quot;  But, and it takes patience, if you can ignore the simplistic metaphors, the constant references to &quot;a young person I know&quot;, and the dialog, which is clearly made up, there is a wealth of information available here.  The idea is simple: you must attempt success, it is not an accident.  Scwartz understands and explains that success is based on a concientious effort, that failure is often the result of a fear of success, and that almost any situation can be overcome.  He also understands the power of observation; learn from those you know who are successful and those you know who are not, and learn from those who are somewhere in the middle.  Success requires initiative, a conscious effort, and faith in the ability to succeed.  This book imparts this lesson and serves as a guide to the type of behaviour such success requires.
B000056VIY|4.0|Let me start by saying, J-Lo doesn't have the best voice, but her prodution and her savvy for picking good material make this album. She is the reason this CD is worthy. She surrounded her- self with people who can work with her voice to the best of their ability. She is even bold enough to sound a bit whiney at times. More power to her!!!!! At least she not a total prodution project, like Ms. Spears. There are times when her material sounds like the modern divas, such as Madonna and Janet, but she grew up listening to those two. She get's soulful at times too. The latin flair is very apparent and very fresh. I believe she does her best work in spanish. It just sounds better!!!! The gems to me are &quot;That's Not Me&quot;, &quot;Dame&quot;, &quot;Play&quot;, &quot;I'm Gonna Be Alright&quot; and &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;. It's just a fun album. I can't wait for the remixes!!!!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|Blew my mind-better than anything else I know of out there right now. If you like Eno, Fripp, &quot;Low&quot; period Bowie, please buy. Great atmosperic night-time listen.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I got this CD for my birthday since most of my old Beatles CD's are scratched up horribly.  Beatles 1 is a great starter for anyone who wants to discover their wonderful music.  However, I am disappointed to find not a single track from &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; or &quot;The White Album&quot;.  And couldn't they've added one more George Harrison track?  These are the only reasons I couldn't rate this album five stars.
014028009X|5.0|So funny you will laugh out loud, this is one of the funniest books ever written.  Any real woman can relate to Bridgets struggles.  The wit is sharp the pace is fast, you can't put it down.  A Classic of our time, I am sure this book has launched a thousand imitations.<br />Hilarious
B00005214X|5.0|Thank God 'All Things Must Pass' has been remastered and rereleased!  It is definitely the best solo album by any of the ex-fab four (though &quot;Imagine&quot; and &quot;Ram&quot; are close seconds).  Though Mr. Harrison is critical of Phil Spector's 'wall of sound' production, I think it adds a whole new dimension to Harrison's work.  Most of the newly released tracks are quite pointless, but &quot;I Live for You&quot; is an instant classic and I cannot see why it was left off the album the first time.  To all you music listeners out there, instead of buying Beatles 1 you should give this album a try.
0316286850|5.0|I actually bought the book as a Christmas present for my sister, but couldn't bear to part with it.  Kevin has a true gift for make-up, and his illustrations are easy to follow.  This book not only helps you experiment, it helps you find your own style.
0060977493|1.0|I highly recommend that this book be avoided.  I read it on the recommendations that I saw here and heard in person.  It is not very interesting.  The main characters are so steeped in abuse that they are almost unbelievable.  The title mislead me to believe that if I made it to the end, there would be something positive after all the tragedy that occurs, but there was only more tragedy and dispair.
B000001EGE|4.0|A great album from EJ. And almost every song has something of interest on it, whether it be Jean-Luc Ponty's electric violin solo on &quot;Mellow&quot;, or the tap dancing on &quot;I think I'm going to kill myself&quot;, with it's vaudeville feel. Then of course there are the hits &quot;Honky Cat&quot; and &quot;Rocket Man&quot;. Add to that the gorgeous &quot;Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters&quot; and you have a very good album. The 12 page booklet contains all the lyrics and a 4 page essay.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|This is an ok debut for Jennifer Lopez, whom just recently released the smash J.Lo album. Though not the most skilled vocalist, she chooses her tunes well, and makes each one shine. (Her voice has developed! Check out J.Lo!) The best songs on here are the singles &quot;No Me Ames&quot;, &quot;If You Had My Love&quot;, &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot;, &quot;Feelin' So Good&quot; and &quot;Let's Get Loud&quot;, but the album tracks are pretty good too, so on the whole this is quite a nice CD.
B000002UDB|5.0|This is a cool album and one of the meager few of The Beatles catalogue that has been digitally remastered, but even that was in 1987. There is a great variety of styles on this album. Pshychedelic stuff, as well as the more straight-laced rock. George also adds his own particular brand of Eastern sounds to his &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot;. &quot;Your mother should know&quot; has an almost Vaudeville feel to it. &quot;I am the Walrus&quot; is as nutty as they come, it really is a nonsense song, but a true classic.<br />I have never seen the movie, (yet), so I really can't comment on that in relation to these songs, or vice versa, but I do know that this is a great album as only the Beatles could do. Plus it also contains 5 songs that were not in the movie...hits in their own right.
B000005IRG|1.0|I'm going to get some very angry e-mails over this review, but someone has to tell the truth about this album: IT'S TERRIBLE!! I picked up &quot;Marquee Moon&quot; because many of the bands I admire played with Television during the CBGB's days, &amp; this album is often referred to as a watershed recording from that period. Upon first listening I wondered if the wrong CD had been put into the packaging, but no such luck! The music on &quot;Marquee Moon&quot; has no melody, no rhythm &amp; no hooks. It is as if a bunch of philosophy majors in college read about rock n roll without ever hearing it, bought some instruments &amp; formed a band. The most favorable comparison I can make is a punk Be Bop Deluxe, but that is insulting to Bill Nelson! In short - buyer beware!
6302293553|5.0|This is a top notch, wacky, way out film. From the black knight, who goes on fighting even after both arms and a leg get cut off, and then calls it a draw when he loses his remaining leg claiming &quot;it's only a flesh wound&quot;, to the killer white rabbit who bites off peoples heads...this is as far out there as they come. Some people just don't get it, my husband being one of them...he even fell asleep half way through. And so, to those people I have only one thing to say....&quot;Ni!, Ni! NI, NI, NI, NI, NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII&quot;.
B000002J1M|5.0|Unlike most of the other reviewers of this CD, I started out as a fan of the '80s Genesis and only later discovered the Gabriel-led Genesis of the early '70s.  Well, I still like Invisible Touch and Home by the Sea as much as I ever did, but Watcher of the Skies and Supper's Ready are first-class music also.  Others have reviewed the various songs in much greater detail than I, so I will just say that this is a must-have for any Genesis fan, and probably the best intro to Gabriel's work.  Their previous three albums all suffered from lack of experience, and starting with Selling England, they began their evolution into their triumphant years of the 80's.  However, Foxtrot is unique in that it captures Genesis of the 70's at their mystical best.  Definitely a must-have!
044022425X|5.0|Who would have thought that looking at a clearance rack of books would unleash such mystery and love.  In 1996, I wanted to find books over Scotland... I saw Outlander. It looked like it may be okay.  So I read it. I could not put it down.  I was so swept up in JAmie and Claire's adventures, it was unreal.  I couldnt wait for the other books in the saga.  Drums of Autmn was yet another gripping adventure.  I long await for the last two books in the saga.
0140157352|5.0|What's unique about this book is that the techniques it describes are equally effective for both sides of a negotiation. This book is an easy read. I first read it while in the middle of a tense business negotiation and found it to be very helpful. The book advocates focusing on objective interests and staying away from negotiation over subjective positions. I have found it easy to turn negotiations my way by confronting positional negotiators with these techniques. I'm looking forward to reading the sequel: &quot;Getting Past No&quot;.
006092988X|5.0|This is the best book i have ever read. It really influenced me. After seeing what people had to go through in poverty struck brooklyn i realized how good i had it, and how much i take advantage of my life. Becasue they had so little small things brought them great joy. Francie Nolan is my hero.
0790742381|3.0|There were moments in this movie when I thought that I was watching a movie that would be one of my favorites of all time, a classic sci-fi flick for the ages.  But then there would be scenes that seemed to be totally miscast, poorly directed, or filmed as if it had the budget of a made-for-cable movie.  Here are just some examples of the dichotomy to be found in this movie:<br />Best actors in this movie:  Kurt Russell, Jason Scott Lee, Connie Nielsen.  Kurt Russell's solid acting with very few lines of dialogue has been commented upon already.  Jason Scott Lee exudes power and a robot-like menace.  If you are a fan of Connie Nielsen, she has never been more achingly beautiful than in this movie (not even in \\"Gladiator\\")<br />Worst actors:  the little boy who played the son of Connie Nielsen, and the child who played the young Kurt Russell in that brief flashback.<br />How important is the role of a child actor to keep our imaginations locked in for a sci-fi movie?  VERY IMPORTANT!  Just contrast the movies \\"Aliens\\" with \\"Phantom Menace\\".  \\"Aliens\\" succeeded as a sci-fi classic because EVERY actor in the movie came through with convincing performances.  James Cameron squeezed a fabulous performance out of the little girl, Carrie Henn, in \\"Aliens\\"  (so much so that she never acted again).  On the other hand, despite some superb actors and performances, and a whopping amount of special effects, \\"Phantom Menace\\"  could never quite shake the feeling left by Jake Lloyd, whenever he was on screen, that we were really watching a home movie of a little boy trying to act.<br />Best music and scene combo:  \\"Night Ride Across the Caucasus\\"  by Lorena McKennit, played during the scene where the settlers first bring  Russell back to their settlement.  Hauntingly beautiful music played across mesmerizing scenes of desolation.  Pay attention to this piece, it will make you into a big fan of Lorena McKennit.<br />All the scenes with Kurt Russell and Connie Nielsen together were great.  You could just feel the unspoken and growing attraction between them, the longing desire, the bonds holding them back (marriage for Nielsen, a soldier's duty for Russell).  It was too obvious and too bad that Nielsen's husband had to die so conveniently for them.  He was a nice guy, after all, and the part was well-acted.  I would have preferred that their stupid little boy was ofted, and that Nielsen, her husband, AND Kurt Russell sailed off into space together at the end.<br />Worst and cheesiest scene:  The entire fight scene where the monster truck (\\"Crawlers\\") came in with the Soldiers to attack the settlement.  This alleged fighting vehicle looked more like a converted garbage truck (apologies to sanitation workers everywhere) especially with the Soldiers hanging on from the sides and back of this vehicle (a la sanitation workers), where they got picked off easily.  The whole scene, down to the soldiers' costumes, looked like it was designed by one of those Japanese kid show studios -  Digimon, Pokemon, Power Rangers, or whatever<br />Sci-fi movies often borrow shamelessly from each other, but sometimes the borrowing is so obvious as to be a near duplicate.  The most obvious copycat scene here in this movie was the final fight scene in the pouring rain between Kurt Russell and Jason Scott Lee -  \\"Cyborg\\" with Jean Claude Van Damme did it better first.<br />All in all, \\"Soldier\\" is a movie with many memorable moments, both outstandingly great, and outstandingly bad.ere great.  You could just feel the unspoken and growing attraction between them, the longing desire, the bonds holding them back (marriage for Nielsen, a soldier's duty for Russell).  It was too obvious and too bad that Nielsen's husband had to die so conveniently for them.  He was a nice guy, after all, and the part was well-acted.  I would have preferred that their stupid little boy was ofted, and that Nielsen, her husband, AND Kurt Russell sailed off into space together at the end.<br />Worst and cheesiest scene:  The entire fight scene where the monster truck (\\"Crawlers\\") came in with the Soldiers to attack the settlement.   This alleged fighting vehicle looked more like a converted garbage truck (apologies to sanitation workers everywhere) especially with the Soldiers hanging on from the sides and back of this vehicle (a la sanitation workers), where they got picked off easily.  The whole scene, down to the soldiers' costumes, looked like it was designed by one of those Japanese kid show studios -  Digimon, Pokemon, Power Rangers, or whatever<br />Sci-fi movies often borrow shamelessly from each other, but sometimes the borrowing is so obvious as to be a near duplicate.   The most obvious copycat scene here in this movie was the final fight scene in the pouring rain between Kurt Russell and Jason Scott Lee -  \\"Cyborg\\" with Jean Claude Van Damme did it better first.   <br />All in all, \\"Soldier\\" is a movie with many memorable moments, both outstandingly great, and outstandingly bad.
B00005221L|5.0|In my view this is Schwarzenegger's best film.  The film is beautiful on DVD.  The cast had excellent chemistry.  I wanted to see more features on this DVD, even though the biggest feature is the film itself.  I would like 20th Century Fox to put out a Collector's Edition of Predator with as much valuable information as the fans can stand...OUTTAKES, MORE TRAILERS, A BEHIND THE SCENES DOCUMENTARY WITH CAST AND CREW, DELETED SCENES, A BLOOPER REEL, ANAMORPHIC WIDESCREEN/PAN &amp; SCAN FORMAT, and any other extras Fox can think of.  What's funny to me is that THE TERMINATOR &amp; TERMINATOR 2: JUDGEMENT DAY get all the hype...both very good movies, but Predator is action at its best.<br />Purchase PREDATOR from Amazon.com, you can't go wrong.
0393317552|5.0|There is little question that this is an entertaining and thought provoking book. The author starts out by describing a conversation that he had with a person from New Guinea. The conversation was why New Guinea had by comparison little cargo or wealth compared to other countries. The author has considered this statement and found that it raises an interesting question. He for some reason or other is of the belief that the inhabitants of New Guinea are of a higher intelligence than other people and their poverty is thus unusual. The book is an attempt to find an answer.  <br />The main argument of the book is to look at the conquest of the America's by the Spanish. When Cortez and Pizzaro conquered the New World they did so with comically small armies. The reason they succeeded was due to a number of factors. It is worthwhile discussing these factors a little as they form the analytical basis of the book. When the Spanish came to the New World they immediately and unintentionally infected the local populations with a range of diseases. The local population had no resistance to those diseases and the effect on the local population was catastrophic leading to declines of population of 70% to 90%. This made it very difficult for the Aztec and Inca states to resist the invaders, or after the initial conquest to mount rebellions. The Spanish also had superior weapons. In reality the main advantage in these struggles seems not to result from firearms but the use of sharp edged weapons made of steel, swords and spears. The horse was also vital to the military effort. Lastly the Spanish were more Machiavellian than their enemies. <br />If we look at the history of the New World it is clear that the Aztec and Inca civilisations were successful in developing cereal crops which allowed large concentrations of people to live of the land and for cities to be established. The civilisation did not develop metal working and its society was static. Both the Inca and Aztec civilisations were basically stone age. In a later chapter the author looks at New Guinea. One of the key aspects to New Guinea is that it developed the use of a form of subsistence agriculture. Its overall development lingers behind that of what the Americas achieved. <br />If this is compared with Europe it is possible to see why there were forces at work which gave it an advantage over the Americas. These advantages are geographic and are seen to be the key to what the author sees as the development of civilisations. <br />These basically are that Europe arose on a huge land mass which gave all societies certain advantages. If a development occurred in Siberia it could be taken up in Europe. If a development occurred in India it could be taken up in China. The author then goes on to discuss how the production of cereal crops, the domestication of animals occurred and how they spread over the Eurasian land mass. The development of high populations then led to the development of cities and the sort of intellectual progress which leads to technical innovation. <br />The problem with the theory is that it is strongest when it looks at societies which were cut of and in which these forces could interplay. Thus the thesis is excellent when it examines the conquest of the Americas. It becomes weaker when it looks at other areas. <br />If we had looked at the world in 1400 Europe would look to be a backwater. The most powerful and advanced countries at that time would have been China and the Islamic states in the middle east. Over the next three hundred years Europe was to become powerful. One explanation for this is the development of military technology. Around 1700 Europe developed the use of the flintlock musket and armed sailing ships. These gave it an edge which was illustrated in wars between Austria and the Ottoman Empire. These technologies however were picked up by other nations. <br />One reason for the success of Europe was its policy of Imperialism and Conquest. The basis of this policy was for European states to over time use naval technology and the concentration of force to conquer overseas possessions. This led to a gradual increase in their wealth and power. If we examine the history of Holland, Spain, Portugal, France, England and Russia all acquired significant empires. The acquisition and the administration of empire meant that each of these nations had to keep on top of technical developments. One only has to read about the reign of Peter the Great to see how European Nations were continually modernising to ensure military strength. The importance of military development was something which dragged along technology. <br />Despite these minor quibbles the book is a great read entertaining and one of the more thought provoking in some time.
B00003CXA6|4.0|You have got to understand. I love this movie. Being a reenactor myself, i take great pride in watching the movie not only for historical purposes, but to also see some of my friends in it as well. BUT WHY one disc?? Why do I have to turn over the disc to watch the second half of the movie. Its a shame. Movie like this coming out on dvd. Its what dvds are specially known for, their compression to have more room on a disc. Why not just have the movie itself on one disc and the extras on another. I would well pay the extra money for it. For that I give this dvd 4 stars. Maybe in the future they will reconsider their fault and make it 2 discs.
6303477259|5.0|The VHS video is great; the performances, the sound, the picture, everything. Like many others, I just wished the DVD was here. The Jan.29th and Feb. 5th came by and nothing has apparently happened.
0385486804|5.0|I have never read anything quite like this before.  I was very impressed by the unusual style Jon Krakauer used to write his story of young Chris McCandless.  I throughly enjoyed this novel, and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in this story or is even slightly interested in the outdoors.  Being an avid backpacker and outdoors type, I was impressed with the amount of knowledge and information Krakauer offered in this story.  Even without having any knowledge of the outdoors, it would be extremely easy for one to follow the events and happenings in this story.  Definately 5 stars!
B00003CX8J|3.0|Not too bad of a movie, pretty good for a comic book adaption.  This movie was not a complete movie like Gladiator was, which got 5 stars from me.  This movie desereved 5 stars as the best trailer I have ever seen. All it really does is introduce you to the X-men and prepare you for the sequels.  Bryan Singer really needed to give the movie some more plot.  I was fairly disappointed with it, because it seemed short and was over before it started.  In a way it was like Men in Black which I felt was the same way.  The quality of the DVD is good, but does not make up for the movie.  I gave it 3 stars cause it had some good fight scenes.<br />C+
0375703764|5.0|This book is bursting at the seams with inventiveness and ingenuity.  While I think that Danielewski still has a ways to go before becoming a complete writer, the sheer joy that he shows tearing apart narrative constructs reminds me of the first time I read &quot;Gravity's Raimbow&quot; or &quot;Naked Lunch&quot;.<br />The thing that struck me the most is that it truly makes you question your reactions to a genre (horror) that makes it's usual living off a direct access to your emotions.  Is a scary moment less scary just because it's in a footnote?  And if so, why?  Is it any less &quot;real&quot; than anything else printed on a page?  If we're told that the whole story is made up, it it less horrifying?  Aren't they all?<br />If you are interested in the new wave - Wallace, Vollmann, Eggers, et. al., this is a must read.  If Danielewski can grow from here in future works, he may be the best of the breed ...
B00004Z4WR|2.0|Nothing big here, just another typical action flick without much of anything else.  The final car chase was pretty cool, but could not save the movie.  Rent this movie, no need to buy it.  It will be fun to watch if you have a good 5.1 system.<br />Overall Grade - C
B000002UAU|3.0|Sgt. Pepper was Paul McCartney's response to Brian Wilson's Pet Sounds in much the same way Pet Sounds was a response to Rubber Soul.  On Pet Sounds Wilson took the orchestrations of Phil Spector to another level.  Instead of just using the orchestra in the background Wilson made classical instruments a focal point the way others used traditional pop-rock instruments (guitar, drums, etc.).  While this may have resulted in a bloated bore in less talented hands, Wilson always handled this task with delicate aplomb.  What's more, Wilson never let his considerable musical talent overwhelm his songwriting.  Pet Sounds may be the first concept album.  Wilson's songs follow adolescent romance from it's early idealism, later concluding with poignant disillusionment.  Wilson meticulously blended the music to match his songwriting.  Since he focused on universal human experience and usually avoided trendy 1960s vernacular, Pet Sounds has matured into a timeless masterpiece.  Wilson's genius only becomes more apparent with age and Pet Sounds is now considered by many to be the best album in the history of popular music.  When it was initially released in 1966 Pet Sounds received little promotion and sold only moderately well.  Only in the last few years has it been widely acknowledged as a classic.<br />Sgt. Pepper takes the supple orchestrations of Pet Sounds to a grandiose degree.  The production is more bombastic, dynamic, and lucid (Pet Sounds was originally recorded in mono).  While this approach usually serves to create an invigorating sonic rush, it often sounds overblown and pretentious.  It almost sounds like McCartney thought he was composing classical music instead of making a pop album.<br />As the first &quot;concept&quot; album Sgt. Pepper is historically significant.  While Pet Sounds is somewhat of a concept album, the songs are only loosely interrelated by common themes.  Sgt. Pepper is the first album in which the songs serve to tell a literal story.  Many subsequent artists made &quot;concept&quot; albums with varying degrees of success.  Pink Floyd's, The Wall is really just an egotistic, self-consciously gloomy incarnation of Sgt Pepper.  In the 1980s, alternative bands Husker Du and Sonic Youth released ambitious, sprawling concept albums.  Radiohead's, OK Computer, and Kid A, are more recent examples.  While it's influence makes Sgt. Pepper a pioneering album, the actual story itself is remarkably ill-conceived.  <br />The fictional character Sgt. Pepper is leader of the Lonely Hearts Club Band.  The songs describe his journey and various experiences.  While this isn't an intrinsically bad idea, the album is hampered by so many trite 1960s themes that it's almost laughable.  &quot;Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds&quot;, is a hallucinogenic ballad so generic that it could've been written by any psychedelic band.  Most of the other songs have a charming sort of appeal, but are ultimately slight.  &quot;With a Little Help from My Friends&quot;, &quot;Fixing a Hole&quot;, &quot;When I'm Sixty-Four&quot;, and &quot;Lovely Rita&quot;, are quaintly alluring, but don't convey much emotional resonance and are ultimately pretty forgettable.<br />The few transcendent songs are just enough to elevate Sgt. Pepper above mere relic status.  &quot;Getting Better&quot;, and &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot; aren't overwrought with anachronistic jargon and actually transcend McCartney's conceptual confines.  The glorious exuberance of orchestral noise on the closer, &quot;Day in the Life&quot;, actually serves as an effective conclusion.  Almost everything else is pleasant, but slight.  While Sgt. Pepper captures the zeitgeist of the 1960s it rarely transcends that era and often sounds antiquated.         <br />Sgt. Pepper was widely touted by the record company and press as the greatest album ever made before it was even heard.  This greatly effected how it was perceived.  Largely because of the promotional hype that preceded it, Sgt. Pepper was deemed an instant classic.  Only a few discerned or acknowledged it's glaring flaws when it was released.  In recent years these deficiencies have become somewhat more accepted.  Ultimately, Sgt. Pepper is a historic, but flawed recording.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The Epic of a new decade, this movie was absolutely fantastic, perfect blend of action and plot.  Right up there with Titanic as the best movie in the past ten years.  The quality of the DVD is very good and one that everyone should own.  If you have a real nice 5.1 system you will really enjoy watching this movie over and over again.  This movie makes me a believer that hollywood is becoming more committed to making action movies with a good plot surrounding it.  Hopefully you will be able to enjoy this DVD, ...<br />A+
0140386335|4.0|I vividly remember discovering this book, with its illuminated letters, green and red ink, and fascinating plot. Good reading for an introverted kid...
0671027344|1.0|A dull and sophomoric novel with few surprises and little insight.  I was glad to reach the very unsurprising conclusion.  If you want a terrific, authentic novel set in high school, get Speak, Hard Love, or Rats Saw God.  Perks of Being a Wallflower is dull.
0385424736|3.0|This is the first Grisham novel I have read.  The writing style is very good and kept me turning the pages.  However, I got to a point around the 100th page where I didn't believe anymore, the magic was gone.  For me, the character suddenly fell flat and lost credibility.  I couldn't bring my self to finish the book.
B000056K04|5.0|A new album from the Dave Matthews Band has brought with it a lot of controversy from its fan base because of a different style. I have been a long time fan, and I love it! It is different, edgy, and fast, but it is fun. For all of you Dave Fans who are debating buying it, do it. It will grow on you very quickly. For all of you who are just starting to listen to the band, it might be better to first check out Listener Supported or Live at Red Rocks because DMB's best stuff is performed live, and then proceed to get this one. The Space Between, Fool To Think, So Right, and Sleep To Dream Her are my favorite tracks. I'll see you all on the upcoming tour!
B00004TRD8|5.0|Terminator 2 is arguably the best science fiction action thriller ever made.  The film features landmark special effects that have rarely if ever been equaled since its release in 1991.  In keeping with the film's over-the-top, WAY better than it has to be philosophy, the 2 DVD set breaks new ground, and stands alone as the most impressive DVD bundle ever released.<br />The incredible computer generated effects of Terminator 2 often overshadow the other elements that help make this a great movie.  The more &quot;traditional&quot; effects (notably the chase, nuclear explosion, and furnace scenes) are also of high quality and complexity.  These sequences are painstakingly detailed, and contribute to the film's intensity and sense of realism.<br />While the story itself is fairly simple, and the final outcome of the film is predictable, the plot is complex and engaging.  There are enough unexpected twists along the way, as well as significant character development, to make the predictability of the ending less of a detraction.  The Special Edition improves upon this further, by explaining how the T-101 is capable of &quot;character development&quot; at all, and by filling in gaps in the story that were removed in the theatrical release for &quot;pacing&quot; reasons.<br />The quality of the DVD production is nothing short of amazing.  The film transfer is extremely clean, and there are numerous audio options.  Also, the shear quantity of extra material included in this package is staggering.  The extras are a mixture of video footage, commentaries, stills, and text.  The DVD medium itself has been maximally utilized.  Menu transitions feature complex animation sequences with seamlessly integrated sound effects.  Traversing the menus is a fully immersive experience.<br />As if all of this weren't enough, the DVD case and collector's booklet come enveloped in an Aluminum case reminiscent of the silvery bad guy himself.  While not especially significant by itself, the unique protective metal sleeve is consistent with and symbolic of the extravagant materials contained within.<br />The single black mark on this otherwise flawless DVD set is the &quot;Artisan&quot; commercial shown when disk 2 starts up.  This commercial can not be skipped, and fast forwarding is disabled while it is playing.  You are absolutely stuck with watching it, which is pretty tacky.<br />Movie<BR> ----------------<BR> Originality: B<BR> Creativity: A+<BR> Complexity/Depth: A-<BR> Relevance/Message: A<BR> Artistic Merit: A+<BR> Overall Entertainment Value: A+<BR><br />DVD<BR> ------<BR> Transfer Quality: A+<BR> Extras: A+<BR> Use of Medium: A+<BR>
0812567110|5.0|This sophisticated but crude novel is the story of man's eternal desire for perennial youth, of our vanity and frivolity, of the dangers of messing with the laws of life. Just like &quot;Faust&quot; and &quot;The immortal&quot; by Borges.<br />Dorian Gray is beautiful and irresistible. He is a socialit&eacute; with a high ego and superficial thinking. When his friend Basil Hallward paints his portrait, Gray expresses his wish that he could stay forever as young and charming as the portrait. The wish comes true.<br />Allured by his depraved friend Henry Wotton, perhaps the best character of the book, Gray jumps into a life of utter pervertion and sin. But, every time he sins, the portrait gets older, while Gray stays young and healthy. His life turns into a maelstrom of sex, lies, murder and crime. Some day he will want to cancel the deal and be normal again. But Fate has other plans.<br />Wilde, a man of the world who vaguely resembles Gray, wrote this masterpiece with a great but dark sense of humor, saying every thing he has to say. It is an ironic view of vanity, of superflous desires. Gray is a man destroyed by his very beauty, to whom an unknown magical power gave the chance to contemplate in his own portrait all the vices that his looks and the world put in his hands. Love becomes carnal lust; passion becomes crime. The characters and the scenes are perfect. Wilde's wit and sarcasm come in full splendor to tell us that the world is dangerous for the soul, when its rules are not followed. But, and it's a big but, it is not a moralizing story. Wilde was not the man to do that. It is a fierce and unrepressed exposition of all the ugly side of us humans, when unchecked by nature. To be rich, beautiful and eternally young is a sure way to hell. And the writing makes it a classical novel. Come go with Wotton and Wilde to the theater, and then to an orgy. You'll wish you age peacefully.
B000002AH7|4.0|I just got this 'remastered' version and my first impression is that Miles trumpit is too loud.  OK, I may be wrong but quite oftern when a classic album gets remastered, volumes get changed.  I personaly would like to here more of the other parts of the music than just Miles horn. Whatch out kids, there re-writing history!
0446310786|4.0|This fine novel talks about justice and courage. The narrator is a young girl, Scout Finch, who lives in Alabama in the 30's and shares her summertime adventures with her brother and their friend Dill. Before the core of the action starts, we are witnesses to their innocent life in the middle of a town crossed by racism and violence. It reminds us of how we lived in our small but pleasant worlds, not knowing the things that adults do. But as it happens to most of us, one day something happened that ripped that innocence and forced the kids to see the real world, in the form of an unexplainable injustice. A black man is accused of rape and murder by a white girl. Atticus Finch, Scout's father, accepts to defend the man. Through the trial, we see injustice and hatred everywhere, except in Atticus' strong attitude and firm principles. By the end, the kids will experience personally the agression and injustice of this world. <br />Although not a first-level literary prowess, this book deserves the love most of its readers feel for it. Besides being well written, its message is universal and true. There are more elaborate and sophisticated treatments of the subject, but that in no way diminishes its value. Harper Lee is good at speaking with the voice of a child: this is very difficult and often results in corny or artificial efforts. One good thing is exactly that children's world is portrayed as innocent but by no means stupid: children are keen observers and get their own conclusions. All in all, a good novel worth reading.
B00003CXE7|3.0|and his masterful performance.  The story to me seemed to be very contrived and very unbelievable.  Too many events happened without much causative action preceeding it.  And most importantly the film lacked intensity.<br />On the positive side Phoenix's performance was so credible that I actually believed that he was living during that time period.  That's not something that I can say about any of the other actors in the film.  Also the cinematography was spectacular but forget about all that the story was just not particularly engaging.
B00004X0Q0|3.0|I was a fan of these guys before this record came out and if you ask me this one would rank about 3rd in a list of their best albums.  I would take In/Casino/Out and Vaya over this one.  The first four tracks of this record are simply amazing.  But they really set-up you up for disappointment.  This album really starts to decline towards the end and in my opinion is very unfocused.  I really hope these guys can put together a solid album next time and don't get sucked in by the hype.  Definatley a good album, but not their best.
B000058T5E|4.0|Track 1, &quot;earthquake&quot; is a punching song dictated by repitition, pulsing beats, and driving rhythm guitar.  It basically an electronic song, as are most songs on the album.  The drums, as far as electronic drums go, are well programmeda nd diverse, enabling the song to continue above all else.  The rest of the songs gradually expand away from the pure electronic to a style more similar of his previous album, &quot;Who Else!.&quot;  This is a blend of the electronic trance style with tough lead playing and unbounded creativity!<br />    The final verdict is, if you would like a MORE electronic &quot;Who Else!,&quot; you'll like &quot;You Had It Coming.&quot;
B00000DHZJ|4.0|You'll be doing yourself a favor if you pass this album by and get all of Jimi's origional studio albums plus a few live ones. Heck, get everything he did. He could do no wrong. But the studio albums were his best. This album leaves out a lot of great songs- One Rainy Wish, 3rd Rock from the Sun, Spanish Castle Magic,Burning of the Midnight Lamp, Drifters Escape... and so on. Jimi's music cannot be fully appreciated with this compilation. If you want to hear real Jimi, you will have to get at least Are You Experienced, Axis, and Electric Ladyland. I got Are You Experienced first and was hooked. That album serves well enough as a great sample of Hendrix even if you aren't interested in getting everything he's ever done. If you are a new fan of Hendrix, which you probably are if you're looking at best of albums, don't get the best of or the ultimate experience, start with any of his first 3 albums and you will not be sorry you skipped over The Best of Jimi Hendrix.
B0000507R0|5.0|I thought it couldn't get any better than dvd.  Watching my favorite movies with a sound system better than most movie houses.  Then my friend told me about the dvdaudio.  I reluctantly plopped down 23 bucks (plus tax) and walked out of the store depressed.  &quot;It can't be worth that much money.&quot;  Well, yes it is!!  It sounds like what ELP probably would have made back in '73 if they could have.  And I know who to thank for this -- John Kellogg and Paul Klingberg.  They remixed this masterpiece.  Thank you ELP.  And thank you KK.
0201633612|5.0|This is absolutely one of the best books on OO design. I am a System Archtect and I can't image how my design (and Java) would look like without applying the concepts and patterns described in this book. This book, IMHO, plays a much more important role and should enjoy a much higher reputation than the UML series written by the 3 Amigos. <br />This book is definitely not for those who still do not understand the virtue of the concepts presented in the book. This book is not for programmer level either(although they can still greatly benefit from the book to enter the next level). The examples in the book are in C++ but the patterns it describes is language independent. Those who really know Java(not just reading sth like Teach Yourself Java in XX days,weekends,in a nutshells, etc) should tell immediately that lots of patterns are already applied in Java, especially in J2EE. Knowing the patterns in the books not only make your design step up to the next level, but now also a MUST if you want to pass the perfessional certificate exam like SCEA. I have to say no one can claim they know OO design without knowing the concepts and patterns described in this book.<br />This is one of those few books in computer world that will receive more and more recognization as time gose by. In three years no one will even mention 90% of those books currently getting five stars, but this one, I have to say, will be in top in foreseeable future and much longer.<br />I totally agree that this book is a little bit hard to read. Please think it this way, anything you can learn in 10 minutes is useless and of little market value because anybody can do the same. Those who grasp the essence missed by the majority are distinguished and of high value....
B00000K19E|5.0|one of the best movies ive seen the effects were great so was the story line i think everyone would like it
6304935811|5.0|Quite simply, this is one of the best movies ever made.  The story is well told and all the more compelling because it is true.  There are moments when one is almost moved to tears and moments when one laughs out loud at human foibles.<br />The battle scenes are all well done.  Interestingly enough, I found the German scenes to be among the best and most intriguing.  <br />The acting is top notch.  Scott gives his best performance ever, Malden is very good, and the German actors are very good as well.  All in all, a true great that cannot be missed by anyone attempting to see a sampling of the best films.
B000002GB9|5.0|The best Styx album ever!  Need I say more?
1577311523|5.0|For those that are ready to quit reading about enlightenment, and are ready to actually experience a taste of it-- this is the book.  Instead of dogma, you get actual teachings and tools- that work!-in EXPERIENCING what we all hunger for. Presence, peace, connection to the Divine.  As far as 'spiritual books' go, I've read them all, and none give me as many 'aha' moments as The Power of Now. And they continue to come, even as I re-read it time and time again.  There is almost a transmission of the state that Tolle speaks of.  Buy this book.  Buy two, because you will want to share it.
079213690X|5.0|I am half scottish. and when i heard that they were making a film about William Wallace i was excited. But then i heard that they were giving the part of Wallace to a Austrailian/american. wow doesn't that make sense. But i admit Mel Gibson did a good job,although his accent was sometimes cringingly bad. the battle scenes were amazing, they took my breath away.If you haven't seen it, go out now and buy it.
B000002JSN|5.0|This is the best Led Zep album. I really don't have a favorite song, they all seem convey different meanings, so picking is  a challenge when your mood changes.  Although I must say, Ten Years Gone is worth the price of admission.  In the true Led Zepplin fashion, it dosen't sound like any other of their albums.  So, kick back , grab a beer and let Led Zepplin take you away.
B00004Z400|5.0|I'm feeling very dirty, can you give me a digital bath?
B000002JSJ|4.0|this is one of Led Zep's best work.  Just listen, I mean listen to Nobody's fault but Mine and Tea for One.  You'll be a believer too.
B000002C2E|5.0|maybe this is the saddest record of all times, sadder than billy holidays late recordings of strange fruit or moonlight in vermont, sadder than sometimes it rains in april  or Nico's 'the end' or Cales 'heartbreak hotel'. 'in the doorway' hurt me like a blow, 'not dark yet' makes my eyes leak but 'make you feel my love' gets me by the b++++, every hope is in vain and precious at the same time.  If you are able to face defeat you will find a warmhearted brother in this Dylan, if you want 'idiot wind'-like bite, your late. This is the Dylan of the tragically underrated 'world gone wrong' and 'good as i have been to you'. If you hated those, don't try this, go back to U2, they are normal again now. If Delia made you cry, you may enter here and find a voice for all the pain you know.
0920668372|5.0|I think this book is sweet and it brings across the message of unconditional love.  Those reviewers that talk of it being creepy or weird at the end need to be reminded that it is fiction and is written for kids.  I think the author is trying to drive home the message that your parents will love you FOREVER not just when a child is little.  I find the end interesting - it becomes the child's turn and I like that.
0553106635|4.0|I think I read &quot;A Storm of Swords&quot; over the course of three days.  George R. R. Martin is an amazing storyteller, and is particularly skilled at (a) bringing the medieval era to life; (b) getting you emotionally involved with the characters; (c) putting the characters into great danger. If you have even an ounce of sympathy for the characters, you can't help but be intensely involved in what happens to them. (The scenes with the Queen of Thorns and the Red Viper of Dorne -- both minor characters -- come to mind.)<br />What further differentiates Martin's work is his sense of tragedy.  There's a saying that to the young, life is a heroic adventure; to the middle-aged, a tragedy; to the elderly, a comedy.  Martin definitely takes the tragic point of view.  As many people have noted, sympathetic characters often die.<br />I'm awestruck by the amount of work that Martin's been putting into this series -- it's basically a 10-year commitment.  I hope the rest of the series continues to go well.  For people who aren't sure whether to commit to reading this six-volume epic, I'd suggest trying Martin's story &quot;The Hedge Knight&quot; in the Legends anthology.<br />(For fellow readers who are impatiently waiting for the next volume in the series, might I suggest some historical reading?  In particular, Robert Graves' &quot;I, Claudius&quot; and Edward Gibbon's &quot;The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire&quot; -- different historical period, but filled with intrigues and battles.)<br />One final comment for fellow reviewers:  could you please refrain from including plot spoilers in your reviews?
B00004Y50N|5.0|It's a must see! One of my favorites that I have seen. If you are not a fan of horror/suspense..this obviously isn't for you (as the first critic must not have been). I wish they had done the ending just a LITTLE differently though! I could have made it (the ending) better...but it was still very good. This is a movie I always recommend to people when we talk &quot;good movies&quot;. There are scenes (one in particular) that will shock the hell out of you! And a word of advise....if you don't know much about the movie...to make it really interesting..don't read anything about it before you watch it..cause I didn't and that is why I think I enjoyed it so much (because I had no clue what the movie was going to be about) some friends brought it over to watch..so I wasn't the one that rented/picked it out. ENJOY!!
0679879269|5.0|Easily one of the best books I've ever read.  Pullman puts just about every other author to shame.  Just be prepared for the end, I'll say no more.
B00004STPT|4.0|The first time I listened to it I was very dissapointed, but for some odd reason the next couple of times I listened I really liked it. In fact, I love it now! I like how Lisa Gerrard's pieces are mixed in with the soundtrack. It is well worth the money. Make sure that you have seen the movie before you buy it so you will understand the music a little better.
6300268993|5.0|This has to be one of the greatest Superman of all times. It has everything like action,adventure,romance and some humor.Superman sure had his hands full with those 3 powerful villans,but he stopped them anyway.Besides the first movie,this one rocks big time. Too bad I can't say the same for III and IV.
B00004XPP0|5.0|I don't care what the people say, this trilogy , though redone to some extent, is great.  You already know its not the 1970's and early 1980's version of the films, so watch and enjoy the new stuff and please stop whining about the redone trilogy.  I love the new scene edits that were done in the trilogy.  If you want to see the originals then go look for them, they are not hard to find.  I want to end this review by saying bravo George.  Keep it up!  I can't wait for Episode II.
0140288503|5.0|This is a great book. I was in the battle recalled in this book, in the infamous &quot;Delta Force&quot;. I know the brutality first hand. But what I especially like about this book is that Mark Bowden interviews people on both sides, so you could hear the Somali's side. Reading this book brought back bad memories of that horible conflict that was not known to most people. You should defenitly buy this book.
630420065X|3.0|When I call this film &quot;standard action fare,&quot; I mean that it's a film where the action scenes and the effects are the main drawing cards.  It's not a memorable film, or one that I see myself viewing repeatedly, but it has enough strengths to be watchable.<br />Other reviewers have found &quot;Mission: Impossible's&quot; plot confusing.  I found it merely routine--a by-the-numbers MacGuffin plot which serves mainly to fill screen time between the three big set-piece action scenes.  I simply didn't find myself caring about the characters or what was happening to them.<br />It is the first two of those three set-pieces which make this film reasonably worthwhile viewing.  In the first, the majority of hero Ethan Hunt's IMF team is wiped out in Prague.  In the second, Hunt must penetrate a super-secure CIA computer lab to steal the aforementioned MacGuffin, a list of secret agents.  In both scenes, director Brian De Palma eschews exotic special effects in favor of some old-fashioned suspense, with very succesful results.  The third set-piece, a chase on board a train, strains plausibility at times and works less well.<br />There is only one weak link in the cast.  Unfortunately, it is Tom Cruise, who is not a good choice as Ethan Hunt (since Cruise co-produced the film, he may be partly to blame for miscasting himself).  Cruise is fine in the action scenes, but he simply doesn't project the intelligence that his character demands.  He plays the role like it's a reprise of the grinning, live-on-the-edge pilot he played in &quot;Top Gun,&quot; and that doesn't work here.<br />A talented supporting cast is largely wasted.  Vanessa Redgrave gives an interesting performance, and Ving Rhames leaves a strong impression in limited screen time.  Otherwise, talented performers like Jon Voight, Emanuelle Beart, Emilio Estevez and Kristin Scott Thomas are given very little to do.<br />Finally, while I was never a big fan of the MI television series, I do think that resurrecting the Jim Phelps character from the series, only to have him turn villain, is going a bit too far.  I can readily understand why fans of the series would have trouble suspending their disbelief on that point.
6304308388|5.0|To most people, Shirley MacLaine is nothing...But I saw this movie because she was in it, and Jack Lemmon, Edie, and Fred surprised me as well as Billy Wilder. If you haven't seen this movie, you're really missing something. In good old Black and White, the story revolved around Bud Baxter (LEMMON) who rents out his apartments to his unfaithful &quot;marriage-wise&quot; bosses. Therefore, he gets a promotion. One of the &quot;5 bad apples&quot; is Mr. Sheldrake, who is going with Bud's girl, Fran Kubelik (MacLAINE). The pairing was excellent, I suppose &quot;Irma La Douce&quot; has to be this good because it reunites these two. Just to see Shirley cry melts your heart, and watching her fall in love is about just as good. I really suggest this movie to you classic movie watchers. I loved it. Kudos to Shirley and Jack, you both should've won Oscars!
0380789019|4.0|Neverwhere was a lot of fun, but not quite the masterpiece a lot of people seem to find it.  Its premise of a fairy kingdom under the London streets is fairly standard fare for modern comic books, although apparently it caught some mainstream fiction readers by surprise.  The characters are also all comic archetypes, but the whole thing is written very well.  Gaiman really knows how to move a plot forward.  Altogether, I'd say Stardust is a better book than Neverwhere, but this one does have the advantage of mass appeal.  The Sandman books are still Gaiman's finest work, and I recommend them to anyone who enjoys Neverwhere.  Don't be put off by the fact that they are &quot;comic books&quot;, as the writing is as good if not better.
014100018X|4.0|Vianne Rocher may not prefer the word &quot;witch&quot; but the spell she casts over the town of Lansquenet-sous-Tannes is bewitching and enlightning all the same.  With her new chocolat shop, Vianne gives the townspeople the little something extra they need to shake themeselves out of the monotonous and constricting ways of life.  Unfortunately the local priest, whose church just so happens to be straight across the street from Vianne's Lent-free shop, does not take any joy in her arrival.  He finds himself on a personal, self-destructive quest to show her that in this town, the church, his church, will 'win'.  The tale is told between the priest, Francis Reynaud, and Vianne in dated, but not quite diary entries.  Joanne Harris properly paces the unveiling of secrets, scandals and quiet triumphs. The confectioner's descriptions are enough to tempt the very saints, if she was inclined to believe in such thigns that is.  (A box of chocolates within arms reach is a must with this novel.)  Well worth your time and money.  A great story of good and evil and the difference between temptation and greed, happiness and piousness.  Vianne may not have been the cause for change in the little town, but she certainly caused some fireworks.
B000001GQH|5.0|This has long been one of my favourite performances of &quot;Pictures&quot;. The sound quality from the early 60s recording is very good indeed. I find the pacing to be just right for this extraordinary work. I have listened to a number of versions over the years, including more recent recordings - including the Sinopoli version on DG, and a London Symphony version, as well as a few others that I have forgotten - none of them made my spine tingle like this one has. (The Ashkenazy version is a worthy complement to this version). The Bolero on this disc is also excellent. This is an excellent value CD.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Very good quality cd case first of all. I dropped it 4 times and it did not fall apart (honestly!). Nice album cover, very sexy picture of Britney. I looked at it 4 times and everytime I fell in love (honestly!). Very good sound quality, 44khz 16bits just like a CD (Honestly!) I listened to it 4 times and it was all the time 44khz and 16bits. Very good instruments, I love them all especially the violin and the oboe solos in the song oops I always do it (track #4, honestly!) Very good everything, I just love it, I am sure 'cause I've thought about it 4 times. (honestly!)
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band is the best album ever made .  I've listened to this album over and over again . And I would have to say I love every song on this album except for #8 which is written by george harrison . you just can' put a price on this album .  If you are just starting to buy beatles music , I strongly suggest to start with this one. <br />Over all i'd have to say if i could i would have given it 100 stars
B00003CXDG|2.0|M:I-2 actually entertained me for two hours while viewing it at the theater. Then I bought the DVD, and thought, &quot;What the hell...?&quot;. This movie's good to see once, that's all. The high points of the movie are Zimmer's score, and Cruise's stunts.<br />The DVD - the DVDs really bad. It has an alternate opening sequence (wow...*yawn*...and it's even almost the same as the one used), a &quot;Mission: Improbable&quot; MTV parody (good...), &quot;It Disappears&quot; Metallica music video (who cares?), &quot;Making of&quot; featurette (15 minutes of nothing...and JUST FIFTEEN MINUTES!), &quot;Mission: Incredible&quot;(s'ok, but...), and a more detailed look at each of the stunts in &quot;Impossible Shots&quot; (this is the only thing really worth the DVD buy). Oh, and a boring as hell...no, an even more boring than hell John Woo commentary. How many times did he say the word &quot;love&quot; in the commentary? 30 times? 40? He wanted to emphasize that he wanted to do a love story, and he emphasized that fact so much that even a dog could have figured that out after a while listening to him, without, obviously, the dog knowing a word of english. And no trailers. And stupid DVD-ROM extras that you couldn't care less about.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Wow! This movie truly took me by surprise. One of the best films I have seen in a long, long time. A truly fabulous script, flawless acting, and beautiful cinematography make this an excellent film. Worthy of every award it has received.
0792841344|5.0|I bought the DVD because I enjoyed the movie, obviously.  I wasn't expecting much from the DVD, as you probably already know, DVD releases of older movies generally don't contain any extra features, are probably going to be pan &amp; scan, and have mono sound.  <br />Nope!  This was great.  Loaded with more features than your average Hollywood blockbuster new release!  I'm surprised it wasn't 2 disks with all that stuff!  Galleries, interviews, a ton of deleted scenes, etc... <br />There was obviously a lot of detail paid to picture and sound mastering. Too good to be true.  This DVD was made for the Phantasm fan!  <br />Awesome job!
6305827079|4.0|Man, I'm shocked! This video is fantastic. Elvis, like somebody already said, sounds and looks better than ever. This shows that Elvis will always be the king of Rock and Roll. I'm just sorry that it didn't go to the theater, because this way much more people from my age would be able to know Elvis the way he really was. Now the bad part: you might be asking why did I rated only four stars. I'll tell you why: because I'm sure that there are many more fantastic scenes that were not included in this release. In my opinion everything should be released at once: rehearsals, the 6 complete live performances, etc. I'm only 20 years old but I knew I lot of older people who didn't have the oportunity to watch this fantastic movie. In 1970 Elvis is better than ever, I can't see any reason to hold the footages of the best of the best. The new generations should know, in my opinion, the best thing America has ever given the world: Elvis Presley!
B00004XONN|5.0|Without a doubt, Radiohead is the finest and most talented band to come out of England over the past 5 years.  This album grows on you gradually, and you keep on coming back until you are mesmorized.  They are definitely the most original rock band I've ever heard, and the songs are so haunting........
B000002UAO|5.0|Nothing is missing from this album.  It is presented here the way the Beatles themselves originally intended.  This version is far better than the American Capitol LP and those tracks are on the Help! album.  If you want the &quot;original&quot; version of Rubber Soul that badly get a CD burner and the Rubber Soul and Help! CDs and go for it.  Wouldn't you rather hear it the way they intended anyway?        By the way this is one of the best Beatles albums behind only Revolver and Abbey Road.
6303014100|5.0|I am a tried and true Southerner, but slavery was detestable and Jeff Daniels' depiction of Col. Chamberlain making the suicidal charge down Little Roundtop was the convincing scene of the entire movie. Sure, some things may have been a little \\"dressed up\\" for the film, but overall the heart and soul of the men who really participated was there. Just look at Richard Jordan if one doubts this! C'mon fellow Southerners...we got our butts kicked but this country needed to be rejoined. Gettysburg is a fair depiction of both sides and I salute the cast and crew who made this movie. Now, let's see a recreation of The Battle of Brandy Station...
B000002UAX|5.0|Better than the blue album,and pink album put together. More coherent than the red album, and light years ahead of the purple album. My favorite songs: 1. Hapiness is a warm gun 2.Glass Onion 3.Revolution 9 4.Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da 5.I'm so Tired
630575067X|5.0|Those that say this movie isn't any good obviously aren't a serious star wars buff like myself. if you are, shame on you!! This movie had a good plot, even better acting, &amp; even better directing. It follows the story perfectly, and now the stage is set for episode two &amp; three. Watch it and read the book - it gives a lot of background.
044651652X|1.0|I'm a woman who is so sentimental I cry at supermarket openings, but everything written in every bad review of this book is true. It is an abomination.  &quot;Doonesbury&quot; had a send-up of this book years ago, which was wonderful. As the woman next door said, &quot;I wish I'd seen &quot;Doonesbury&quot; first and saved myself the time.&quot;
0380804557|5.0|Neil Gaiman is a brilliant writer and he certainly shows some of his best stuff in Stardust.  Fans of Gaiman's Sandman series as well as Neverwhere will fall in love with Tristan and Star and the myriad of well drawn characters.<br />The plot is a mix of fantasy, romance and adventure - it has something for everyone.  Stardust is destined to become a classic - sitting amongst the Narnia Chronicles, The Little Prince and others.<br />Beyond building a fantastical plot, the alternate world of Faeirie (beyond the Wall) that the reader can actually feel a part of and solid characters - Gaiman weaves these elements together to create a beautiful memory tinged with comic genius.<br />Tristan undertakes a quest for a fallen star to give to his love Victoria.  She has promised to marry him if he can obtain one for her.  Despite the impossibility of this request - Tristan sets out from his home in Wall to the land of Faeirie, across the enchanted meadow to seek true love.  Along the way Tristan meets many friends and foes, witches, fairies, talking trees and much much more and in the process he learns a thing or two about life, love, his heritage and friendship.<br />Stardust is a unique blend and has something to appeal to every reader.  He melds several plot lines together to form an intricate tale that I could not put down and can't wait to read again.  This is a book to enjoy over and over again.  If you liked Stardust you should try Neverwhere as well as Nicholas Christopher's Veronica and A Trip to the Stars.
067101756X|3.0|Ok, when I first put my eyes on it, I felt like reading to the end at once. But, in the middle, I got lot of (new) question marks. Its not that I'm too skeptic. On the contrary, I would like to belive the whole Rosewll incident - because I like it that way. But the things depicted in the book are either not solid enough or not written convincingly enough. Also I feel there are lot of beating-around-the-bush stuff. The Photos had been added - I might ask for what purpose? I feel, it could have been better without them. Quite new things, anyway. No harm reading.
B00003CWL6|4.0|I certainly agree that this was a great film with a super performance by Kevin Spacey.  However, I subtract a star for the portrayal by Chris Cooper, the retired colonel, as a homosexual (it's almost politically corect to have gays in many pictures now). How does this further the plot in anyway? He could just as well be a straight and nasty an authorative person who can't understand his son. This an old and hoaky Hollywood standby.  I remember when all homosexuals in films were described as &quot;latent.&quot;
B00004XONN|1.0|I have no idea how this makes it into the charts as a good album or a good band. Senseless is the key word. I felt completely (...) off after the first 15 minutes. I have only listened to it once and that will be all. Save your money.
0375703764|1.0|This is truly one of the worst books I ever read.  It was boring, pretentious in its obsession with annoying, petty, visual wordplay (which the author seemed to prefer over &quot;plot&quot;) and not especially well written.  If I could have located the receipt, which mysteriously disappeared (perhaps the only truly &quot;mysterious&quot; thing associated with this &quot;novel&quot; other than the fact that it has been highly touted), I would have returned it for my money back.
6302891272|5.0|Throne of Blood, like most of the other films Kurosawa turned his hand to at this point in his career, is a brilliant film. Some reviewers on this page have called it slow and plodding, or overdramatic, but I don't see it that way. If you take this film on a literal level, i.e. thinking of it only as a film, then you're missing out. Kurosawa, as usual, is thinking in different terms here, and has not made a cinematic movie as much as a theatrical one. This film almost bleeds with theatrical ideas and themes -- after all, it is an adaptation of Shakespeare's MacBeth. But to see it as just that, as I said, misses the point, because Throne of Blood is more than Shakespeare; it is Shakespeare filtered through Noh theatre. In Noh plays, the acting is extremely stylized and deliberate (what modern cinemagoers might see as slow, or plodding, or even overwrought), and the plays are largely symbolic in nature. Kurosawa has taken that idea and brilliantly melded it to one of Shakespeare's darkest plays, a tragedy that warns against the dangers of ambition. And clearly Kurosawa has studied theatre in preparing for this film; the opening scene, which has a voice-over which echoes Noh, Greek, and Elizabethan Theatre, is a perfect illustration of what I mean. Then there is Kurosawa's minimal use of music in the film; the silence one experiences is very much like being in a theater watching a play, rather than seeing a movie. Of course I've already mentioned the stylized, extremely Noh-influenced performances of the lead actors...and then there's this little idea: take a look at some of Kurosawa's settings, especially the meeting with the witch in the Cobweb Forest. It has the feeling of a stage setting, right? You can almost see the proscenium. <br />Of course, as in Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Rashomon, Seven Samurai and so many others, what lifts this film from great to classic is the tremendous performance of Toshiro Mifune. The man simply explodes with intensity, even when he's not moving or speaking; he commands the attention in much the same way that a great work of art does. His supporting cast, notably Tatsuya Nakadai, are equally good, and all have obviously studied the Noh tradition. <br />In short, Throne of Blood is a love letter to theatre and theatre-goers. Kurosawa, who would later return to Shakespeare with Ran (his version of King Lear), triumphed with this film in a way almost completely unlike his others, for while Yojimbo or Seven Samurai may be perfect cinematically, Throne of Blood is one of the best theatrical experiences I've ever had.
B00003CXFU|5.0|Julia Roberts stars as an unrelentingly tactless, thoroughly tasteless, charm-school dropout twice divorced, the mother of three who dresses like a Las Vegas whore.  We love her.  She is a woman who's been disappointed a time or two and generally expects the worst, and when she doesn't get it, she's surprised.  She is her own worst enemy with a foul mouth and a skanky style and a chip on her shoulder.  She is also very smart and incredibly strong and knows right from wrong (and that's the chip on her other shoulder).  We love her.<br />Stir in Richard Gere or Tom Cruise (no, he's too short)...  How about...no, no, NO.  Give her someone near her equal.  How about a real actor twice her age?  How about Albert Finney (whom I first saw in the delightful Tom Jones (1963))?  Together they play it like Katherine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy without the romance.  Not only does it work, it's a triumph.  Finney really is brilliant.  His timing is exquisite as is his ability to round his character.  Did you catch the shot of him with the one eye comically magnified through his glasses?  For love interest give her a bandana-wearing biker whom she turns into a house husband to take care of her kids while she takes on Pacific Gas and Electric (market cap = $28-billion).  For the first time in her life she is doing something important.  For the first time in her life people respect her.  There's something wonderful about this because even without an education people can see, and she can know, that she's their equal and maybe a bit more.<br />Aaron Eckhart, lately seen as the sociopathic Chad in the startlingly original In the Company of Men (1997) plays the biker house husband with fidelity and a kind of sappy warmth.  She neglects him and her kids for her obsession.  Susannah Grant, who penned the very clever script must have gotten a good laugh with this unusual household, the poor, stay at home neglected husband, the always on the road wife.  Incidentally, don't miss the scene where he first kisses her.  It was so real all I could think was this guy is kissing Julia Roberts!  She is so powerfully expressive that everything she does is real.  That's her gift.<br />A significant part of the success of Erin Brockovich of course is in the compelling (and substantially true) story of David versus Goliath (&quot;and all his relatives,&quot; as Finney quips), of good versus evil, of the &quot;little guy&quot; versus the corporate behemoth.  I won't be giving away anything by telling you that there's a happy ending.  But this is also a triumph for Director Steven Soderbergh who can now add a box office success to critical acclaim.  I haven't seen any of his latest movies,  (I'm looking forward to seeing Traffic), but I recall with pleasure the very interesting Sex, Lies, &amp; Videotape from 1989.  I am also looking forward to the Academy Awards presentations because I suspect the Academy is going to reward both Julia Roberts and Soderbergh by making Erin Brockovich the Best Picture of the year 2000.re he first kisses her.  It was so real all I could think was this guy is kissing Julia Roberts!  She is so powerfully expressive that everything she does is real.  That's her gift.<br />A significant part of the success of Erin Brockovich of course is in the compelling (and substantially true) story of David versus Goliath (&quot;and all his relatives,&quot; as Finney quips), of good versus evil, of the &quot;little guy&quot; versus the corporate behemoth.  I won't be giving away anything by telling you that there's a happy ending.  But this is also a triumph for Director Steven Soderbergh who can now add a box office success to critical acclaim.  I haven't seen any of his latest movies,  (I'm looking forward to seeing Traffic), but I recall with pleasure the very interesting Sex, Lies, &amp; Videotape from 1989.  I am also looking forward to the Academy Awards presentations because I suspect the Academy is going to reward both Julia Roberts and Soderbergh by making Erin Brockovich the Best Picture of the year 2000.
0793573742|5.0|What I admire most about this outstanding book is that the author takes a back seat to the guitars themselves; and lets face it, long after we're gone these fantastic instruments will be valued and treasured. This book could only have been created by someone who really loves the old Les Paul, and turning the pages makes me love them too. I only wish the page size was maybe 4 or 5 times as big! This is a very special book, and I appreciate the intelligence of the author in presenting these guitars in the way that he has.
B000002H97|5.0|Well, Hetfield and the boys really outdid theirselves this time. From the driving opening riff of &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; to the solo in &quot;The Struggle Within&quot;, this album kicks more than any other 90's Metallica album. Heres a quick rundown of the tracks and what I thought.<br />Enter Sandman-Greatest Riff in all of rock history, excellent solo by Kirk Hammett. Sad But True-Killer opening, don't really like the lyrics much, but still a good song. Holier Then Thou-Ok song, not really anything special though. The Unforgiven-Monumental, one of the greatest songs in rock history, and possibly Metallica's best. Wherever I May Roam-Love the beginning of this one too, and the solo is especially good. Don't Tread On Me-Cool song, not up there with the elite on this album, lyrics are awesome, somewhat reminiscent of ...And Justice. Through The Never-Man! What an awesome intro, speed metal at its finest here. Nothing Else Matters-They prove that they can write a ballad, another one of the best on the album. Of Wolf And Man-Cements drummer Lars Ulrich as one of the best drummers ever, with his driving opening drum rythm. The God That Failed-The bass riff in the beginning is tight, and once the guitars cut in, it gets to be awesome. My Friend Of Misery-Another slammin' opening and gets better as it goes on. The Struggle Within-A true classic, Lars again shows off his excellent drumming skills.<br />So...I can not recommend this album enough, no Metallica fan should live without owning this piece of rock history.
0452281881|4.0|I stumbled upon this book by seeing it here, on someone else's wishlist. The concept of a book written entirely in e-mail seemed interesting, and indeed, it was an interesting book. The beginning was a bit hard to follow, as it took some time to remember who belonged in what department in the agency, but once I caught on, the rest was a breeze. Was this a great work of literature? No, but it was a quick and fun read and I wouldn't mind reading more books written in this style. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because, while it was a very creative attmept and the email style was interesting, the actual story seemed a bit far fetched. Then again, I have never worked in advertising, so what do I know? It could be right as rain.
B00003CX8J|4.0|I can't give it a five, because I wasn't impressed with the extras. The sound quality is magnificant, though so is the picture. I'd say the best extra thing on there is the Hugh Jackman screen test with Rogue. It was the coolest thing. The artwork shows variations of what the costumes could have looked like as well as scenary, there's computer animation of two fight scenes and the deleted scenes are okay. Some should have been redone, because it would have really help relate the movie to the comic personalites more, i.e. Jean Grey Professor X scenes, but when you watch it you'll know why, the other scenes were I'm glad cut out because it shows a lot of the characters haven't read jack about their characters from the comics or the cartoons. Which I think is the biggest downfall of the movie. The special effects on the menu I felt were nice but unnecessary, and it looked costly I'd rather see more auditoin scenes or outtakes of even deleted footage. But the editing was done rather well I'm glad the scenes weren't used. Also, this is a myth the extra with Jean talking about her powers doesn't in anyway indicate the rising of &quot;Phoenix.&quot; If anything it looks like she doesn't have powers at all really and I thought she was weak on the cartoon but dag she's basically human. Could have been a lot better.
078611262X|3.0|Our monthly women's book group decided to read this book for February, 2001.  While I thought the mini stories were entertaining they were at times difficult to follow. Feynman would be in the middle of telling one story, totally switch to an unrelated story, and then tell the ending of the first. The book would have appealed to me more if the writer had used a time line, and keep his thoughts in the order that they happened. Feynman's writing style left something to be desired.
B000000WZ4|2.0|Except for Barrel Of A Gun, It's No Good, Useless and Sister Of The Night, the rest of the album is boring filler which shows that after four years since their last album that they didn't put much effort into this one.  The songs are very complacent, unoriginal and lacks any energy.  Have they become afraid of a dance beat?  Through the 80s and ending with Violator, Depeche Mode had great dance/synthesizer songs which is why they got so popular.  They were very unique sounding but all of that uniqueness is missing.  I hope their new album &quot;Exciter&quot; brings back some creativity.
0684803356|5.0|He can write effectively and knowledgeably about war, bullfighting, and hunting, but not women. This has been a common criticism against Hemingway over the years. Many critics have found his depiction of women hollow and superficial. His women seem to exist only in the context of the male hero. They are given no distinctive voice of their own and are almost always dealt a tragic fate. This cannot be said of Pilar from &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls.&quot; She is one of Hemingway's strongest female characters and has often been characterized as &quot;the real leader of the guerrilla band.&quot; Pablo may hold that title at the beginning of the novel, but as the novel progresses, Pilar's authoritative stature becomes more and more evident. Pilar is a rather contradicting figure and this is a testament to Hemingway's ability to fictionally construct her well. On the one hand, existing in male-dominated culture, she is fully domesticated, expert in her knowledge on how to perform traditional womanly duties. On the other hand, she is not entirely complaisant or silent willed. She will not hesitate to speak her mind nor will she hesitate to take up arms and fight with the men. She also has enough military sense to lead a group of male soldiers.
B00004U2G1|5.0|If you are a baby boomer and grew up listening to bands of the 70's, this album is a must for your SACD collection.  SACD technology brings out every detail of the original recording and will soon have you addicted!  I had this thing playing full blast and I felt like I was at a live concert! Thumbs up!
0684800713|5.0|&quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; is the harrowing love story of a man who can't get any and a woman who can't get enough. It is one of the greatest unconsummated love stories of all time. In the closing scene, as Jake and Brett share one last taxi together, the reader now fully sees that it is Jake's sexual inadequacies that prevent the further blossoming of his relationship with Brett. There lies the conflict. The resolution is in the realization by both parties that what could have been will never be. In that realization, lies further conflict, as Jake and Brett must continue to find ways to resist the want of each other. The quintessential Hemingway formula for love becomes evident: in conflict, there is resolution, and in resolution, there is conflict.
B000001FQ8|5.0|Big Daddy finds John Cougar Mellencamp in a quiet, self-reflective mood.  The album has a folk sound to it and although a few songs have electric guitars, it is mostly acoustic based. Songs like &quot;Big Daddy Of Them all&quot;, &quot;Void In My My Heart&quot;, &quot;Mansions In Heaven&quot;, &quot;Sometimes A Great Notion&quot; and &quot;JM's Questions&quot; all deal with his family and his crumbling marriage.  &quot;Martha Say&quot; is one of his most powerful songs and Lisa Gerimano's violin cuts through the songs.  &quot;Theo &amp; Weird Harold&quot; &amp; &quot;Jackie Brown&quot; are like old Woody Guthrie Dust Bowl songs with their narrative tales.  &quot;Pop Singer&quot; finds him railing against his early John Cougar image.  The album closes out on an upbeat note with his raucous cover a 60's chestnut by The Hombres, Let It Out (Let It All Hang Out).  Big Daddy is often overlooked, but it ranks right up there with any of his albums.
1885283148|4.0|I first read this book when I was about 19, in the Army in Europe. The saying that comes to mind is &quot;They who wait, also serve.&quot; Excellent book. Mr. Collins tells it like it is in such matter of fact ways. You will not be disapointed.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is the movie I'm never tired of watching. The special features are so numerous there's a whole disk dedicated to them. Making of, deleted footage, montage of extra footage, documentary on the history of gladiatoral combat, and much more make this purchase worth it. Excellent quality and in wonderful widescreen format not found on the VHS.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|this album is one of the better rock records of the past ten years.  there is power that eminates from the vocals, the guitars blast out chords and weave nifty patterns, the bass rumbles under the whitewash of mc5-type rock, and the drums are just all over the album.  there is an intelligence in the delivery of the rock that is humbling, but noise is liberating.  the opener &quot;arcarsenal&quot; starts with the starting of engines, and the brakes don't work till the cacauphonically beautiful ballad (if that makes any sense) &quot;non-zero possibility.&quot;  this is an indie record, a punk record, an alternative record, a metal record, whatever.  the point is that at the drive-in........rock.  &quot;relationship of command&quot; moves you the way music can, the only difference is that you're taken to the uncharted territories of intellectual rage, rather than the cliched anxieties of mainstream &quot;rock.&quot;
B000058T5E|5.0|This is a &quot;must-have&quot; for Jeff Beck fans and all guitarists alike (heck....all MUSICIANS for that matter). Jeff is in top techno-form on this one. His playing is deliciously simple, yet he constantly surprises again and again. Around every guitar corner, he tantalizes and teases his listeners with splashes of tricks, comical phrases and heavenly tones that are like no other guitarist. The rhythm section backing him up are top notch as well. This CD is KILLER!!!
0452281881|5.0|This book is hugely witty.  Beaumont is an utter delight. <br />If you have a sense of humor - buy this book NOW!
0784011176|5.0|When I left the theater after watching the movie I walked for an hour drowned in thoughts. The film became right away one of my very favorites. <br />I didn't like the happy ending. It seemed to have been designed to keep Hollywood happy, sacrificing the art for maybe money. Ada should have remained with her piano at the bottom of the sea.
B000002MFN|5.0|There is only one word to describe this album...WOW!  We all know Madonna has a brilliant business mind..however she may have done the dumbest thing ever upon the release of this album.  She released her &quot;Sex&quot; book at the same time which made people talk about the book and ignore the record.  This album has everything, and Madonna sounds incredible in it.  Madonna may sound the best in this record then ever.  Although not as many people own this album as the do &quot;Music&quot; but the people that do own this album just LOVE it!  I must ward you though your going to never stop playing this album!
B00004TJFL|5.0|I wanted to do another review for Halloween 5 : The Revenge Of Michael Myers, aswell as Halloweens 4 and H20. I previously didn't give them the five star treatment. But, I have to give them five stars because I truthfully do love all the Halloweens and everything to do with horror! Here, Michael's slashes his way threw Haddonfield once again, with a naked chick is isn't really seen naked. Here's to you Michael! And the next several sequels!
0060975768|5.0|I am not a professional historian but simply have a deep interest in learning more of history and, in particular, American military history.  But, I like most the historical narratives that have a story to tell.  Ones that include the impact on the human spirit.  Real life stories of the horror and heroism of war.  Moore, in &quot;We Were Soldiers Once...and Young,&quot; does a masterful job providing enough technical detail to paint the images in your mind while not bogging the reader down in so much techical stuff to overwhelm and bore.  At the same time, he tells a very poignant and moving story.  I particularly liked the closing chapter in which the stories of the families back home and the impact the loss of loved ones had on their lives.  I intend to visit the Vietnam War Memorial again on my next visit to Washington and find some of the names of the brave men who lost their lives at LZ X-ray and LZ Albany those fateful days.  This is a unique chronicle of war and a must read for anyone striving to have a greater understanding of the complex and political conflict we call the Vietnam War.
6305171769|5.0|I previously hadn't given Halloween 4,5 and H20 the five star-treatment, sorry about that, truthfully I love all the Halloweens and everything to do with horror, and this one revels back to the first two, with &quot;Mr. Sandman&quot; playing and Jamie Lee Curtis running around where Michael is. It was said this film wasn't that gore-filled, but I saw some gruesome moments. Lots of homages to previous Mikey flicks! Halloween 8 will be here sooner or later!
B0000558LN|5.0|This movie is one of the best movies i have ever seen.......and i do not care what you other people say about it!!  A young song writer goes into the big NYC to sell her music and struggles without much money till she finds out about a bar needing some work......COYOTE UGLY!......finally she is making money and falling in love with an Australian Hottie....the rest is for you to see......i loved the story line of this movie....it makes anyone want to go out and reach their goals and dreams!........TWO THUMBS UP!
B000001Y2U|5.0|I love all of Mansons music that I have heard in the past. He sings about everything happening in the world around you.
B000002MY3|5.0|This is another classic album, &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; for me is in the same category as &quot;Come On Over&quot;-Shania Twain, &quot;Sheryl Crow&quot;-Sheryl Crow, &quot;Let It Loose&quot;-Gloria Estefan and &quot;Music&quot;-Madonna, it hooks you in and you can not stop listening to it like those album previously mentioned I all but wore this album out as well. Songs like &quot;You Oughta Know&quot;, &quot;Right Beside You&quot;, &quot;All I Really Want&quot;, and &quot;Head Over Feet&quot; were just the tip of the iceberg, but the gems of this album are &quot;Hand In My Pocket&quot;, &quot;You Learn&quot;, and finally &quot;Ironic&quot;, but also &quot;Not The Doctor&quot; I just basically name every song that is because every song on this album like the others mentioned had songs that for every one of them could have been released.
B000002INJ|5.0|This album marks for me the begining of a great band, Manowar, the best metal band in the last 10-15 years. True the lyrics are a joke but the vocals and the guitar works are amazing. Almost every song here rocks. Songs like &quot;hail and kill&quot; and &quot;wheels of fire&quot; are just amazing!! I own this cd for about 2 years now and I still don't get tired from listening to it, I listen to it atleast once every 2 weeks which is pretty amazing because I hear most of my Cd's only once a month (I have a lot of them...) Go now and buy it! A must have in every metal\rock collection everywhere
B000002JB3|1.0|Phil Collins at his worst &quot;Dance Into The Light&quot; is awful. The title song is a joke and sounded very forced, like he rushed to make and bring out a song from the subpar album. The single &quot;Dance Into The Light&quot; has no rhythm much less a hook. If people thought his album &quot;Both Sides&quot; was bad and I am not one of them, then this album will make the think again, when was the last time a Phil Collins album only produced one song. The thing that is a shame about this album is &quot;It's In Your Eyes&quot; a song that could have done well if it was a follow up to a bad song, and wasn't released right away. This album is a far cry from the &quot;...But Seriously&quot;, &quot;No Jacket Required&quot; days. &quot;Dance Into The Light&quot; is one of the worst albums I own, and I own some bad ones, thank goodness Phil redeemed himself with &quot;You'll Be In My Heart&quot; from &quot;Tarzan&quot;. Phil will release better material than &quot;Dance Into The Light&quot; let's hope, from one of the best male voices in music.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|Although the Brits deserve the credit in this true story, they weren't around for test screenings.  And, as we know, Americans like to see American heroes, regardless of the circumstances.  Which is fine with me, I just don't understand why Brits always have to be the villians in movies.  I don't find them particularly evil, or intimidating.  I guess that accent thing invokes some sort of &quot;creepy&quot; feeling.  Anyway I digress, the movie does a good job of depicting a feeling of the actual events - it doesn't feel like an exaggeration.
0893860220|5.0|I've had the book 'I Am That' for a long time, have read it many times (enough, I don't read it anymore) and highly recommend it.  But it should be recognized that although reading may spur an intuition of 'that which is beyond words', reading is not enough.  I've seen too many reviews that seem to place emphasis on the book itself, or on Maharaj (who ALWAYS placed the emphasis back on the Self or Absolute, imploring the reader not to WORSHIP 'HIM').  One reader even stated an addiction to the book (&quot;I've burned several copies&quot;).  <br />Words are ultimately empty.  If the recommendations in this book are put into practice, a condition of ripeness may come about, the &quot;I&quot; or &quot;me&quot; (ego) may drop.  Nothing is guaranteed, but if an addiction to words exists, it can almost be guaranteed that attachment to thought will continue.  A brief respite is not enough.  Read with courage (once or twice), then put the book down and follow the recommendations -- or let some self-inquiry happen naturally.  Depend on nobody and nothing but proceed courageously and alone, knowing 'You are That'!  Attaching to the book or to Nisargadatta will not bring freedom any nearer.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Steal 50 cars in 2 days (or something like that)or your brother dies!  But wait, Nicholas Cage has quit stealing cars not because he is scared but for love of his brother.  But he can't get let his brother die - so he gets back in the &quot;profession&quot; - reluctantly.  It's impossible to steal 50 cars in 2 days, but ol' Nick gets his crew together and what do you think happens.  If you can't figure it out from watching the trailer, then I would suggest seeing a neurosurgeon immediately.
B000053VBL|5.0|Before buying this DVD I'd only seen the film twice before, both times on television and the last time some 13 years ago.  I was pleased to fimd it had lost none of it's power to entertain.<br />Although it was well received, particularly by the art house crowd, when it was released it is now a largely ignored film. This is a pitty as it is superbly crafted and despite a somewhat absurd plot conconcerning a widowed bride avenging the assassination of her husband it does draw the viewer into it and you cannot help but wonder how it will all be resolved.<br />The Bride Wore Black was Francois Truffaut's second colour film and like his first, Fahrenhight 451(1966), he makes strong use of primery colours namly red, blue, white and black. In particular his decision to dress Julie Kohler(Jeanne Moreau) only in black and white is extreamely effective and each of her five victims is treated to a different creation in black or white and sometimes both; each designed to lure it's respective man to his fate.  Jeanne Moreau gives an amazing performance in the title role for however alluring she appears to her victims(they all fall in love with her) her eyes are always filled with cold hatred for them.   <br />This film is, above all, a tribute to the master of suspence himself Alfred Hitchcock; Bernard Herrmann's music and the slightly cold lighting together with the restrained style of acting combine to make a French version of an unmistakeable cocktail as deadly as the  poisoned Arrack Julie gives to Bliss, her second victim. But The Bride Wore Black is a lot better than the films that Hitchcock was comming out with at around the time this was made namely &quot;Torn Curtain&quot;(1967) and &quot;Topaz&quot;(1969).<br />Although the DVD does not appear to have been digitally restored the original print from which it has been made is good and if you don't want to be distracted by subtitles you have the option to view the film with a dubbed English language soundtrack, althoughthe American accents sound a bit strange eminating from all thoes French actors.<br />Although to modern audiences this may apear a bit camp this is a &quot;must have&quot; for any lover of French New Wave Cinema.
B00004YW6I|4.0|PJ Harvey's songs can occasionally tend to be on the bland and repetitive side, but this album stands up very well to repeated listening, revealing a low-key acerbic insight beneath the standard rock presentation. And it sounds like the duet with Thom Yorke has done her musical ambitions the power of good, as Ms Harvey now confidently breaks away from her traditionally punctuated vocal style and allows her voice to soar in a spirit of melodic abandon (showcased beautifully on the sublime &quot;We Float&quot;). Mick Harvey's production job may have had a lot to do with these changes, but it definitely sounds like PJ is discovering a whole new side to her musical persona.
0671034065|4.0|This book mixes humor, mystery and a good dollop in sex in a very light, easy to read &quot;beach book\\" No heavy thought needed, just come along for a good, fast, and entertaining read.  When Jaine Bright and her friends cook up the list for Mr. Perfect, they have no idea the impact it will have on their lives.  Somewhere out there is some one who doesn't like the list, and is going to make these women pay with their lives.  Detective Sam Donovan, who has a hate/love relationship with Jaine, is not going to let that happen.  I have to admit that I figured out the killer, long before the end of the book, but I still had fun getting there.
B0000524E5|1.0|Piper Perabo is a great new face in Hollywood and I look forward to seeing what she does next.  That said, I believe the director and editor (more on that later) should be taken to a public place and caned with a bamboo pole.  <br />What starts as a cute girl-coming-of-age-in-the-big-city movie begins to fall apart the moment the girl who's too shy to sing in front of anyone starts working in a bar that requires her to dance on the bar while getting buckets of water dumped on her.  &quot;Oh I'm too shy to sing one of my songs in front of my new date, but I'll strip for him!&quot; What???<br />There is a spasmatic sequence with a phone call, a trip to a club, a family reunion and a performance that had to have been spliced together by an MTV editor that drank way too much Mountain Dew while eating pixie sticks.  One character even repays a debt that was cut out so she couldn't have even known that she owed it!<br />Hopefully Piper will have better luck with &quot;Slap Her, She's French&quot; this year.
0517122707|5.0|This is the funniest book I have ever read in my life!  Ignatius is stupendous, in more ways than one!  An intellecutal trapped within the confines of his own body and an evironment he cannot escape (his &quot;valve&quot; won't allow it!)  The cast of characters includes some of the zaniest people you will ever be introduced to.  How Toole manages to incorporate these diverse individuals, introduced to us one by one in sub-plots, and leads them on his merry, maniacal way into the most hilarious finale imaginable is sheer comic genius.  I've read this book many times and I can guaranty you that you won't be satisfied with just one reading either.  Sadly, Toole committed suicide before this book had even been published.  In fact, he, himself, never did attempt to do so.  After his death, his Mother took a moth-eaten manuscript she found among his effects to an individual . . . and the rest is posthumous Pulitzer Prize history.  Had Toole lived, Ignatius had been set up for the sequel to end all sequels.  Alas, it is not to be.  All the more reason for you to buy this book and cherish what the author has given us.  Warning:  Do not read this book while standing up - it is that much farther from the floor, where you will also immediately find yourself rolling in laughter.
B00004Y6OA|5.0|This is one of Van Halen's best efforts and it shows throughout this album.  Although lesser known than say Van Halen I or OU812 or 5150 per say, it is still an essential recording that is a must have for fans of Van Halen.<br />From &quot;And the Cradle will Rock&quot; to &quot;Take Your Whiskey Home&quot;, every song showcases the unique vocal talent of David Lee Roth, and also the outstanding guitar playing by Eddie Van Halen, this is an album where you can tell that the guys had fun recording it.<br />I highly recommend this to all Van Halen fans.
0767843258|4.0|'Gattaca' is lovely work of science-fiction where the science and technology are mixed believably with its social implications.  The interactions between the characters are believable, and truly moving, with excellent performances from Uma Thurman, Jude Law and Ethan Hawke.  Though the fabulous setting, music and costume truly set the tone of the film.  They are not intrusive, but one is aware of their magic.  With the benfit of a great script, and suspenseful plot, this truly a great movie.
B00004BZ16|4.0|There has been a lot said and written about this album by Clash fans and music critics alike.  According to urban legend there is supposibly a single album's worth buried beneath the overwhelming 36 tracks here.  The truth of the matter is, is that Sandinsta! is simply an incredible, possibly brilliant, collection of eclectic music produced by one band. The fact that there are a few bum tracks to skip through (most being dub's and alternate takes) only slightly detracts from Sandinista! reaching perfection.  For the most part, 3/4 of this triple album is worth listening to at the least, if not magnificent.   Anyone would be hard pressed to find a collection of music as varied and expansive released by one group.  The Clash touches upon almost a dozen different varities of music including rap, reggae, dub, disco, punk, rock, rockibilly, jazz, and even Irish folk.  While some of the experiments did go wrong and produced only filler, there is so much here that is undeniable proof that the Clash were the only band that mattered.    I won't bother with pouring out a list of what I think are the best songs since it dosent' really matter.  Just about everyone who listens to Sandinista! has their own favorites and skips. That really is the best part of this album.   If you have some of the other Clash albums than get this one.  But if you just started listening to this band, this album will only confuss you or overwhelm you with its depth and expansiveness.  Despite its genuine greatness, Sandinista! is really only for true fans of music that defies any one genre or label.
1558908498|5.0|The perfect sequel for a stunning trilogy. It is like a movie of it's own it doesn't keep going back to the original. If you liked the first one for sure you will love this. It has a shocking ending like the others. No other sequels are superior to the original as this one is.It is for sure the best thriller around.It picks up right where it left off.Very realistic. Nothing like those boring Halloween sequels. It is new and untold. Breathe taking and a Clever thought!
0385493800|4.0|Its not every day you read a book that mixes legal suspense with the dangerous surrounds of a Brazilian jungle!I think this really is an excellent book.Everything seems to be a surprise.I dont see why people seem to think the end to this book is unthought of because  i thought it was quite a good idea, something unpredictible.I think this is one of the best books John has wrote,and i hvae read all of them.Definitely buy it!
6304711875|5.0|The best start for a Horrifing Trilogy. It is full of twists and surprising endings.The best horror flick since Psycho. Up to date with everything. Makes you keep asking for more. Unbelieveable acting. A stunning proformance every second. Better than Halloween Friday the 13th and all you can think of.A Nightmare on Elm Street doesn't hold a candle to Scream more believeable than others. No super human is the killer. The killler is who you least suspect!
B00004YW6I|4.0|this is a stunning album, a perfect blend of grit and floating....PJ's duet with Thom Yorke is absolutely magical, i can't get enough...
B00004Y635|5.0|Perfect ending for the Scream Trilogy. Keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout the movie. If you like the first to you'll love this.I gurantee this movie will never be on clearancebecause it shouldn't be. Way under priced. It is horrifingly scary yet hilarious at the same time. It is full of what you want. Believe me this is a great movie!
B00004YZFQ|5.0|I feel quite out of place reviewing this movie as i was born 8 years after its release, however, that in itself should point out how powerful this movie really is.  this movie should be presented in history classes as it captures a chunk of american history perfectly.  the music is fantastic (its the stones for crying out loud!); the editing is amazing-it presents the event with no great conviction, allowing the viewer to develop their own opinions; and the violence is horrifying.  I am a great lover of the stones and an avid festival goer, this movie stuck so many chords within me. i was lucky enough to see it at a cinema. overwhelming.
B0000560X3|5.0|So, this is the shape of music to come eh? Take an excellant, superbly recorded and mixed album from 30 years ago and make it sound like it was just done yesterday.   Without a doubt the greatest breakthrough in music since the first CD was pressed. 6.0 sound track, 5.1 soundtrack, and for those who don't want to know what they're missing, 2.0 soundtrack. All in Dolby Digital All with highs so crisp they cut like a knife. All with bass so intense if you walk in front of your subwoofer you will do yourself an injury. And all with every nuance of the music brought out in crystal clear clarity.    The DVD contains the 7 original tracks plus the bonus 45rpm flipside of When A Blind Man Cries. Add to this video of the band playing Highway Star and Lazy from the Danish TV in 1971 and you have one special little package.    Too bad it dosen't have the alternate tracks and out-takes from the 25th anniversary CD, then it would have been perfect.    If you want to hear your music sound like the soundtrack from a modern movie buy this DVD.     You will need a DVD player marked with the DVD AUDIO label in order to play the videos or the 6.0 tracks. If you don't have one, the 5.1 is just as effective for seperation and effect.    There are  quite a few other albums in Deep Purple's discography that I would like to see recieve this treatment. Shall we say, all of them!
B00003CX8J|4.0|Don't get me wrong, this movie rules.  The costumes, effects, characters, and script are all very good.  I followed the comic a bit and thought they did an perfect job on making this movie a little more true to life.  It would have been stupid to see Wolverine in his yellow costume.  But the fights don't last very long.  Towards the end Wolverine is fighting Sabertooth.  You would think the archest of enemies would fight for more than two minutes.  And some of the camera shoots aren't that great either.  Like one part is Wolverine growling and then all you see is Sabertooth's head fly back and a punching noise.  And just as you get a clear view of them, one of those statue of liberty horns gets in the way.  In the sequel they should totally have like a fifteen minute Wolverine and Sabertooth rumble.  One good thing I really liked about the Wolverine Sabertooth fight is that it didn't rip off the matrix style of fighting like every movie out there is doing. &gt;: - ( The fight is like a die hard street fighting style, perfect for them two.  One thing you should know is that if your going to watch this movie hoping or expecting it to be just like the comic book, you might be in for a let down.  Every detail like character's height and hair color isn't just like the comic.  But it still rules!!!!!
B00004Z459|2.0|Very Average like most of these metal/rap crossover bands and where the hell is the bass?? These guys sound very similar to Limp Bizkit and the Deftones, although the deftones are much better. If you want to listen to talented musicians and music to get you fired up listen to bands like Tool, Slipknot and Rage.
B000056VIY|4.0|This is a very good Cd with lots of upbeat tracks and latin flavor!!
B000001FY9|4.0|...and Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. Inducted into The Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame in 1984, he got his Star on Hollywood Boulevard today on the anniversary of his birth and the third award comes later this month at the Grammys. All fitting tributes to the King of Reggae. It's no exaggeration to say that from his first album for Island records in 1973 to the time of his death in 1981, Bob moved from being seen simply as a good lyricist, conscious singer and rebel youth to what we know him as - a writer of politically revolutionary songs, a visionary and biting social critic and a biblical, deeply spiritual, even mystical Rasta.<br />The album Legend pays fitting tribute to the man and his musical message. There are a mix of the Wailers sounds here. Compare the melodies such as 'Three Little Birds' 'One Love' and 'Satisfy My Soul' with the more militant heavy rhythm of 'Get Up Stand Up'. Blues, R&amp;B and Soul are the influences on tunes like 'Waiting in Vain' and 'Is this Love'. There are dance tracks (no, NOT techno), what we know as 'skanking' tunes. These are 'Exodus' 'Jammin' and 'Buffalo soldier' I have fond memories of my teenage years in Jamaica, Bob playing in the background - 'Sun is shining/Weather is sweet/Make you wanna move/your dancing feet' I don't do so much moving as listening to Bob's music now. For the 'message' tunes on this album listen to the acoustic 'Redemption Song' and 'Could you be loved'. This last song utilizes a technique favoured by Bob to get his message or philosophy across. Set serious lyrics to a light, upbeat rhythm and people will sing along, move to it, enjoy it, and then later - stop, listen and learn.  The all time Marley classic on Legend is offcourse 'No Woman, no Cry'. <br />If you want to explore a little more I would suggest the following albums - Natty Dread, Exodus, Uprising, Live and Burnin', and then... just listen.
B00005214X|5.0|The remastered &#34;All Things Must Pass&#34; (1970) has been long overdue. It remains George Harrison's finest recording and one of the few truly outstanding Beatle solo albums. Harrison gave new meaning to producer Phil Spector's &#34;Wall of Sound&#34; with this lavish production. The reissue sounds terrific and the bonus tracks (particularly &#34;I Live For You&#34;) are most welcome, even though they should have been sequenced at the very end.
B00000272N|4.0|Alice in Chains/Facelift is straight ahead rock meating the dark side of Black Sabbath twenty years later.  AIC is a unique group amoung rock/metal.  The first few times this album is heard it may sound dull, it gets better each time until it becomes a classic on anyone's list who appreciates music.  The diversity of this album is unlike anything I have heard.  The darkness is so appealing for the first time since Ozzy set foot on stage.  But for a real discription, the RIF's are somewhat like the new Metallica (the slower Metallica, but still amazing).  Anyone looking for a little variety to add to their collection should seriously contemplate purchasing this.
6305268843|5.0|Did I like this Movie?????????????? Well I have only seen it 31-TIMES....and I'm not done yet, crazy huh. It's the best movie I have ever seen.
B0000560X3|5.0|This is an DVD-Audio version of the great Machine Head Album released in 72. DVD-Audio is a new Audio Format to replace the old CD. It has much better audio quality and comes with 5.1 channel remix of the old master tapes. You will need an DVD-video (Regular DVD Player) to play this disc in Dolby Digital (Excelent sound by the way)  or the New DVD-Audio/Video Machines to obtain higher quality DVD-Audio Sound.
0385486804|4.0|As an avid hiker, outdoor lover, and general interest in adventure, I found this story to be somewhat amazing.  Krakauer does an excellent job of giving the reader descriptions that let the mind wonder what it would like in this young man's shoes. I only wish he had gone into more detail about the young man himself.  That mystery, however, is part of what makes this story so enjoyable.
6305428050|4.0|Beginning your movie with the right song can get you off to a good start and &quot;Adventures in Babysitting&quot; gives us that golden oldie &quot;And Then He Kissed Me&quot; as Chris Parker prepares for her big date with her boyfriend.  Unfortunately, this clown promptly proceeds to dump our heroine, which only proves he is a fool because Chris is played by Elisabeth Shue.  Those of us who remember &quot;Call to Glory&quot; already knew that Shue was a babe and so does Brad Anderson (Keith Coogan), the kid who is too old for the babysitter on whom he has a mondo crush.  Into the mix we add Sara Anderson (Maia Brewton), the adorable kid sister who has a thing for the Mighty Thor from Marvel Comics (she must have got the cool Thor helmet from Stan Lee, Jack Kirby or somebody in the ol' Bullpen), Daryl Coopersmith  (Anthony Rapp), Brad's best friend who has yet to learn when to shut up, and Brenda (Penelope Ann Miller), Chris' best friend who is stuck in downtown Chicago at a bus depot without her glasses, having decided that running away from home was a bad idea.  Unfortunately for our heroine, deciding to simply go down and pick up Brenda proves to be a bad idea.  With the three kids in tow, Chris takes off for the big city.  When the station wagon gets a flat tire that is only the first in a massive chain of misfortunes that befall our plucky lass.  There will be a tow truck man with a claw, street thugs with knives on the El, gangster in a chop shop, a college frat party, a close encounter with the parental units at a party high at top a skyscraper, and a delightful session of singing &quot;The Babysitter Blues.&quot;<br />In its own way, &quot;Adventures in Baby Sitting is in the mold of the Indiana Jones films, where the cast of characters are stuck on a roller coaster of exciting encounters.  Our harried heroine puts up with all of this in order to save her friend and get the kids home before their parents find out they have spent the night narrowly escaping death instead of being safe at home watching the tube.  Even though there is a running gag that Chris looks exactly like the Playmate of the Month, this is a movie aimed for kids in the age range of her charges.  There is enough of a cartoonish element to the bad guys to take the edge off of the dangers involved and of course we know from the first note of the movie that everything will turn out okay in the end and Chris is going to top off the evening by getting kissed by someone who might actually deserve her.  Shue's natural performance holds the film together and although she has gone on to decidedly more dramatic roles in her more recent films, she evinces a natural flair for comedy in this one.  However, be warned: once your kidlets have seen this 1987 Disney film they are going to be grossly disappointed in whoever you pay to watch them the next time you go out for a night of fun.  Final note: Be sure to watch the entire credits at the end.death instead of being safe at home watching the tube.  Even though there is a running gag that Chris looks exactly like the Playmate of the Month, this is a movie aimed for kids in the age range of her charges.  There is enough of a cartoonish element to the bad guys to take the edge off of the dangers involved and of course we know from the first note of the movie that everything will turn out okay in the end and Chris is going to top off the evening by getting kissed by someone who might actually deserve her.  Shue's natural performance holds the film together and although she has gone on to decidedly more dramatic roles in her more recent films, she evinces a natural flair for comedy in this one.  However, be warned: once your kidlets have seen this 1987 Disney film they are going to be grossly disappointed in whoever you pay to watch them the next time you go out for a night of fun.   Final note: Be sure to watch the entire credits at the end.
6304342586|5.0|I just recently purchased this film in its restored, widescreen version and it is everything I remember about the movie when it first came to cinemas in the early 70s.  The print has been gloriously restored and the sound is clear and understandable.  The special effects are sometimes gruesome and mind-boggling at the same time.  This is NOT a film for children, even if accompanied by adults - they will get frightened by some of the more gorey and firey ends of some of the residents of this hubristic building.All in all, it is a great movie to view with friends on a Saturday night with popcorn and a good bottle or four of California Merlot because they don't make movies like The Towering Inferno anymore.  Very highly recommended.
B00000ICD9|3.0|If you see this on DVD, you should listen to what the director says about his film.  It might explain some things, like how this is not really a movie about the afterlife at all, but how we relate to each other in this life in the here and now.On a lighter note, it really is amusing when the director is describing Annie viewing the tombstones of her children when all we ever see is Chris' tombstone.  He also comments on the poor portral of the afterlife in many movies, showing clouds, etc. He is mostly right about that, but one great exception is the film &quot;Defending Your Life&quot;.  While &quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; is without joy even in Heaven, &quot;Defending Your Life&quot; is quite the opposite.  There is no Hell here (&quot;although I hear Los Angeles is getting pretty close&quot;)  :-)
0440211727|5.0|This book is the story of Carl Lee Hailey, a black Vietnam veteran who killed the white men who raped his daughter, and Jake Brigance, the defense attourney who is his lawyer at the trial. The trial is an O.J. Simpson-like affair, with counrty-wide media coverage. Reporters flock to the small town of Clanton, Mississippi, and are alienated by the local citizens. It turns from a trial to a circus as the KKK, NAACP, and other groups use it to further their own agendas. Then Jake finds that his life is in danger after his house is almost blown up and a bullet meant for him hits a national guardsman. This book really hooked me. From the first page this novel caught my attention and kept it until the end. Its plot is compelling and believable, and its events are not farfetched. This is better reading than The Firm, and is an excellent introduction to Grisham.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Although their 1997 release of Dude Ranch contained &quot;Dammit&quot;, &quot;Josie&quot;, &quot;Dick Lips&quot;, among others, their 1999 release fo &quot;Enema of the State&quot; was an album that everyone-not just punk fanatics-could relate to and enjoy. Take for example their first single off the cd, &quot;What's my ag again?&quot;. It's basically about a grown man who brings out his inner child--and idiot--once too often. &quot;All the Small Things&quot;, their smash hit second single, is a love song about a dedicated couple with the boyfriend enduring long hours at work. <br />Although some songs contain lyrics which are filled with sexually related humor and sometimes constant profanity, every song--which sometimes has a title with no relation to its meaning--is a memorable tune that has the structure and sound of a punk song, but also has catchy, and poppish choruses and versus. <br />Behind their chart-topping singles are songs like &quot;Aliens Exist&quot; (a humurous look at a young kid obsessed with the idea of being abducted by aliens), &quot;Anthem&quot; (a song Tom wrote about holding a two-hour concert at a friend's house and having his friend's parents find out), &quot;The Party Song&quot; (a song about conceded girls who go to parties at frat houses to get lots of attention), &quot;Going Away to College&quot; (a song abouta guy leaving his girlfriend to go to college, which was inspired by the movie &quot;Can't Hardly Wait&quot;), and &quot;Mutt&quot; (a song dedicated to Tom's friend, a sexually charged surfer who parties and has sex all the time). <br />Things continue to get better for these modern-age Three Stooges as they continue to top the charts with catchy rhymes and verses. Expect to hear their songs in the future, some as classics.
B000005L86|5.0|I was surfing Amazon and came across this album.  Being a huge roots reggae fan I thought that I had heard it all, Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, Burning Spear, etc.  I was wrong, this album by the The Congos is breathtaking.  Deeply meditative and spiritual.  I have to agree with one of the below reviewers that this could possible be the most spiritual reggae album ever produced.  The vocals and production work put into this is remarkable.  I would recommend this album to anyone, especially the remastered cd.  Don't hesitate to pick this cd up!
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|After the huge success of \\"Scream\\" and other popular teen horror films, it wasn't too long for Hollywood to create a side-splitting parody of the popular movie genre with the blockbuster comedy \\"Scary Movie\\". A group of dim-witted teens (oddly played by actors and actresses in their 20s and 30s) are being murdered by a masked maniac. \\"Scary Movie\\" is a hysterical gross-out parody that ranks as one of the funniest comedies of 2000. Though I'm not a fan of teen horror movies, there are enough unforgettable and wildly entertaining comic scenes that will keep viewers laughing from start to finish. Director Keenan Ivory Wayans (Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood) has surpassed the Farrelly brothers' unique talent for crude humor with some of the most outrageous comic scenes in years. The comic cast includes Marlon Wayans (Senseless), Shannon Elizabeth (American Pie), Jon Abrahams (The Faculty), Cheri Oteri (SNL), Lochlyn Munro (Dead Man on Campus) and Carmen Electra (Baywatch).<br /><br />If you're a fan of crude humor and film satire, then pick up a copy of \\"Scary Movie\\" on DVD. The 2000 smash hit comedy is presented in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen format. The DVD contains a sharp video transfer and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 sound. Its special features include theatrical trailers of other Dimension titles on DVD, a short 7-minute behind-the-scenes featurette and several DVD-ROM extras like screensaver, character profiles and \\"Scary Movie: Guide for the Culturally Challenged\\". Its six deleted scenes include more raunchy footage. The interactive menus are simple. Overall, \\"Scary Movie\\" gets a worthy \\"B\\".
B00004XQ83|5.0|As the title suggests, this soundtrack is an amazing compilation of artists and songs that are perfect fits to the film.  I didn't really like country before I heard this soundtrack but am now a fan of the old bluegrass and Nashville styles.  If you like music that is easy to listen to and has a good rhythm and sound, then this is a great buy.
B000002UW1|5.0|I heard of the same way a lot of people did, through their hit &quot;Losing my Religion.&quot; So I tried to buy that album, but unfortunately all the record stores were sold out. This one found its way into my purchase instead. Rather glad it did too, because after Document, REM left off their underground college rockabilly roots and crafted more experimental albums with a few hidden pop gems. This though, is vintage rem. From obvious selections like &quot;it's the end of the world&quot; (probably their best song, ever) to the more political of &quot;exhuming McCarthy&quot; REM shines through and through. While they certainly had a grip on their craft beforehand, this album shows them adeptly straddling the difference between college rock and arena based pop. The essense of REM's enchantment to me, has always been Stipes stream of (un)conscious lyrics, which are absent in only one song on this record. Lotsa ground covered here, all in the utmost fun.
B00000348D|4.0|I write with the new Ornette listener in mind -- don't be misled by the title, this is not the place to start with Ornette (let alone the Rosetta Stone!).  \\"Free Jazz\\" is a very interesting experiment with a double quartet, but it does not measure up to Ornette's quartet recordings for Atlantic.  \\"The Shape of Jazz to Come,\\" \\"Change of the Century,\\" \\"This Is Our Music\\" (available on import), \\"On Tenor,\\" and \\"Ornette!\\" are all superb, and any of them (but of course \\"Shape\\" has pride of place because it was first) would be much better places to start listening to Ornette Coleman.<br /><br />The splendid 6 disc box \\"Beauty Is a Rare Thing\\" includes everything Ornette recorded for Atlantic from 1959-1961, including both versions of \\"Free Jazz,\\" but presumably if you're just checking out his music you're not going to go straight for the box.  My recommendation would be, check out for starters \\"Shape,\\" with Billy Higgins on drums, and \\"This Is Our Music,\\" the same quartet except with the late, great Ed Blackwell on drums.<br /><br />Yes, the music Ornette helped create is often called Free Jazz, but this particular recording is not The Essential Free Jazz Recording.  (For what it's worth, I don't think Coltrane's large ensemble \\"Ascension\\" is one of his best outings either.)
0385470819|5.0|First I want to commend to review of the others. I thank them also. They deserve it. But I want to &quot;add to the fire&quot;.<br />The reason I love Grisham is thus: he is not only a regular person but he admits it. Lawyers being parisites. Mafia. Scenes of rednecks throwing glass at an innocent albeit surprised young black girl. <br />The story was excellent. The only reason someone wouldn't like Grishams style is the following: 1. He talks about things we all heard of 2. He uses plain language 3. He is white 4. He is rich 5. His chapters have no titles 6. He shifts alot 7. He cuts off at the end 8. He writes too well<br />Otherwise, Grisham is great. I would give Grisham ten stars &quot;in a jiffy&quot;. He deserves it. I have &quot;The Testament&quot; and I want to read it again. I loved it. I know he writes about controversial things but he shows both sides of the story. In &quot;A Time to Kill&quot; we witness how issues as commonplace in the media as race/being black or white can divide and crush a small, white, albeit unknown Mississippi town and eventually unite the people, make them wonder what is going on. Which is why this book is so great. I read it. If I read a book that means it is good. Beleive me. I don't read much if I don't like what I am reading.<br />On the edge of my seat, eh. Well, the fact is that John Grisham has only two books left. A Painted House and The Brethren. Those are the only two I have not scrutinizingly read. I should read them once I have my hands on my fathers credit card, which will happen hopefully...if I behave and stop writing reviews of books he probably didn't read (that's a good one, eh). <br />Kudos to John Grisham. He built a baseball field and is a philanthropist, evidence that we are not reading the book of someone with a reputation for being rich and stingy. He gives money to causes. He could keep that money. He did not have to do that. He also translated some books into movies, so there's a negative. He also livesin Mississippi and Virginia, I think. All irrelevant information, you reckon. Read on.<br />To conclude this essay on John Grisham's &quot;A Time To Kill&quot; I will say the following: it captivated me in its totality, vitality, and its breadth. I want to read it again.
0385486804|5.0|Being forced to read the book for English class, I was reluctant to start.  However, it was pretty difficult to put it down once I opened it.   Krakauer kept me intrigued as to where Alex Supertramp would end up next and what drove him to walk into the wild.  Chris McCandless led a very &quot;interesting&quot; life and Krakauer does a good job to of letting us peer into its mysteries.
B000002A3T|5.0|Dave Gilmour prooved to be the BEST being more artistic than Roger ... You can get so many of Rogers but can't get Gilmour ... <br />Gilmour loves to go to deep imagination, his music is the truest music I've ever heard ... the guitars &amp; melody in 'Marooned' is just outstanding performance ... Can Roger produce this kind of music ??????? THIS IS THE PINK FLOYD I want not the one in ' WALL' as its more near to Life than Dream I love to fly in dreams thats why I prefer Gilmour's work &amp; his guitars<br />'Cluster One' another perfect example of good music, tracks like 'Coming Back To Life', ' What Do You Want From Me', ' High Hopes ' &amp; ' Keep Talking ' ARE THE BEST<br />Gilmour brought Pink Floyd into a new world of fantasy ... and changed that old stuff ... DIVISION BELL IS THE GREATIST ARTISTIC WORK I'VE EVER HEARD
0446677450|5.0|Very good and creative way of finance management.  It's not the book which teaches you how to chase the fortune. It highlights the positive attitude to manage everyone's finance. It's especially useful for people in 20s or 30s who start to  struggle for financial balance.
0812589041|5.0|To me, the best science fiction novels are those that can incorporate character, location and emotion into the work.  This helps add to the flavor and makes the reader care about the novel as a whole.  Dune does it (by all accounts the masterpiece by which all other Sci Fi novels should be gauged in my book), Hyperion does it (hugely!) and now, so does Ender's Game.<br />The story revolves around the life of a young boy named Ender Wiggin; he's basically been inducted into the military without his knowing it (sounds kinda scary...and familiar!).  His life, as it turns out, has been set---in the stars so to speak.  The military, seeing his genious (spelling?), exploit his gift for strategy at every turn.  And the most amazing thing, is that Ender knows it!  He's not smart and oblivious to what's going on!  Come on!  But it isn't the fact that he HAS to do what the brass wants.  It's that, if he doesn't, mankind MIGHT be exterminated from the universe (or at least from earth).  The final 'game' that Ender plays....well....you'll just have to read it, because I don't want to spoil it ALL for you.  But I will tell you that you must go on and read Xenocide after this one.  If you don't, you lose the perspective that Ender had at the end of this book.  The remainder of the series is questionable, but these first two novels are top-notch.
0385486804|5.0|Being forced to read the book for English class, I was reluctant to start.  However, it was pretty difficult to put it down once I opened it.   Krakauer kept me intrigued as to where Alex Supertramp would end up next and what drove him to walk into the wild.  Chris McCandless led a very &quot;interesting&quot; life and Krakauer does a good job to of letting us peer into its mysteries.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I am no movie critic but I can tell you one thing...The opening battle scene by itself is worth the price of this DVD. Crowe has successfully played a powerful role. While there are some flaws in the storyline, one tends to overlook them since this movie is about action and special effects. Moreover, the Character of Maximus and, to some extent, Commodus would keep you glued to the movie....and if you are into soundtracks, don't miss the sound track for this movie. It is moving to say the least.
B000002BSV|5.0|Suede have produced an album full of potencial singles as the standard is so high.  The album already contains the singles Trash, Filmstar, Lazy, Beautiful Ones and Saturday Night.  Brett Anderson has an amazing voice and he defines each and every track on this album.  This is a must have album for any fan of Suede
0553278398|5.0|After reading the original foundation series I was pleasantly surprised to find this novel sitting on a local bookstore shelf.<br />The most amazing thing to me is, when reading the foundation series, I found that each successive novel got better and better (quite the opposite of what I usually find from authors).  And Prelude to Foundation is actually the first book in the series ---time-wise --- but the last one written.  Which made it exquisitely sweet to me.  I absolutely loved it (except for the cover which was a serious turn off and looked cartoon-ish).  The domed world, the chase scenes, the action behind how the foundation would come into existence, all made this world real and intriguing.  I absolutely loved it!  Asimov created a remarkable series and I mourn his passing (just like that of Frank Herbert, author of Dune).
B00004XONN|4.0|I have been a long time Radiohead fan following them since &quot;The Bends&quot; and I've heard almost everything they've recorded. On October 3rd I ran to my record store, bought &quot;Kid A&quot;, stuck it in my CD player and from the opening of &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot;, the earth stopped moving for a moment. &quot;Kid A&quot; is one of the most painful first listens I've gone through. At the end of the album I didn't know weather to hate it or like it. If &quot;OK Computer&quot; was fearing the computers then &quot;Kid A&quot; is a world controlled by the computers. While I'm glad to see Radiohead experimenting further(Can you imagine this is the same band that made &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;?), I wonder if they really made a solid effort. A lot of the album just sounds like a lot of electronic sounds mixed in a studio in 30 minutes. Months went by and everyime I listened to &quot;Kid A&quot;, I just couldn't finish it all. The album has a very obscure mood that you have to be in to enjoy it. After time went by for &quot;Kid A&quot; to soak into my system, I like it much more. I really like the last four songs; &quot;In Limbo&quot;, &quot;Idiotque&quot;, &quot;Morning Bell&quot;, and &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack.&quot; &quot;Kid A&quot; is a very demanding album and should not be heard as your first Radiohead record. Overall It's their weakest album and I think Radiohead should stop trying to be fancy and do what they do best.
0679879269|5.0|It was with a mind and a heart bursting with love, remorse, and perhaps respect that I finally completd Pullman's stunning conclusion to the epic he began six long years ago.  My spine still tingles from the images of beauty and sadness projected by this collection of stunning concepts.  It is the firm belief of this reader that the purpose of this trilogy is best expressed by the the notion, &quot;We must build the Republic of Heaven for ourselves.&quot;  This is truly a masterpiece of hope for mankind in general.<br />     I could scarecely hope for a better ending to this story (although my heart cannot contain its pleas that somehow Lyra and Will should remain together!).  I am awed by Pullman's masterful capability of pulling minute details of the first and second stories that, at the time, made little sense, and revealing to the reader the importance of these little hints and murmurings.  It is a beautiful, yet terribly tragic truth that in the end the one open window should remain as a gateway to the world of the dead.  However, all is for the best (as I must constantly remind my wailing soul) for in the final end Lyra and Will shall be together in the most complete and inseperable way possible.<br />     And yet, we must remember, this blessed release that comes with leaving the world of the dead can only be achieved if we live a full life -- an introspective, individual, inquiring life.  I marvel at Pullman's hardly concelaed charge to fellow conscious beings to search out the truth with our minds and live by wisdom, not foolishness.  The absolute sense of rightness that comes with the messages in the final passages of our story is nearly overwhelming to me.  I wish so very much that all the world could read this book and be affected by it in much the same way.  Doubtless, the earth would be a better place afterwards, and man would feel a little more complete -- a little more filled up.<br />     It is rarely found, amongst all the books out there, a storythat can have such a profound effect on a person.  I can hardly describe the strength it left me with -- the power that comes with the knowldge when one knows they are pretty close to how they want to devote their lives.  Such a feeling of optimism abounded in my heart upon completion of this book, that I felt prepared to live an even fuller, faster-paced, more meaningful life than the one I already possess.  'Cos its like the book says, grace can only be achieved through wisdom -- but the kind of wisdom that comes with experience.  I want to live it all.  And who knows if maybe there isn't a world out here already where a young girl is running about the dense, shadowed streets of an Oxford very much like our own? . . .
0345440757|2.0|Based on the reviews I read, a GREAT companion to this book is &quot;On Becoming Baby Wise,&quot; by Gary Ezzo and Robert Bucknam.  That book was my bible during my first six months as a new mom.  If you buy this book, be sure to balance it with the fundamentals presented in Baby Wise.  My child is an angel, and people say we're just lucky - but I know it's because we're Baby Wise.
B000002BVN|3.0|unfortunatly for MJ, the nineties have not been good for michael, and michael hasn't really lived up to his promises of being the King of POP as of late. and this &quot;album&quot; is eternal proof of this. there is absolutley nothing innovative or fresh on this collection, and the only strong (not as weak as the rest of the album) tracks are Ghosts, Morphine, and Earth Song-Hani's Mix, the rest is tired and certainly not worthy of Micheal's discography. i would reccomend this collection to die hard MJ fans only.
0156711427|4.0|A PASSAGE TO INDIA reminds me of an article by Gayatri Spivak, &quot;Can Subaltern Speak?&quot; If I am not mistaken, basically what Spivak says is that Subaltern cannot speak because the dominance will not listen whatever it says. Thus, subaltern's speech and voice lose their power as a method or medium to present themselves to a society governed by the dominance. Losing its voice, subaltern remains as a voiceless/ powerless existence. In this theory, certainly, subaltern is subject to the dominance, and the chain of subjectivity cannot be broken by subaltern.<br />The English people in the novel seem to present as the dominance A PASSAGE, and Indians as the subaltern. The English people's conception/ conceptualization of Indians -- Indians are so uncivilized and uncultivated that they must retain as inferior to English -- are so firm and stubborn that it cannot change. Even Dr. Aziz who on some level is educated and civilized in the English measure, whom Forster seems to present as a protagonist to find an intersection between Indians and English and to tries to offer a certain possibility of reconciliation between subaltern and the dominant, is a mere Indian who cannot/ shall not &quot;be a channel of communication between two English people&quot; (83).   <br />Like many (post-)colonial writers, Forster seems to present power (economical and political) as a capability to define the others' identity, culture, and social role. Indians are simply defined as &quot;savages&quot; by English. No matter how educated they are or no matter how civilized (in the English/ European measure) they are, Indians are still savages who cannot be equally compared to any other English (the dominance). Dr. Aziz would be a good example of this case. The English also has the power to evaluate/ judge or even devalue subaltern's culture. The English conception of Indians, which Forster partially present throughout the book, is that Indians live in an unclean atmosphere, they smell bad, they are irresponsible so that they don't keep promise (ex. Indian ladies promise to invite Mrs. Moore and Adela to their place but do not keep the promise). Indians always remain as servant in the Colonial society. Regardless of their willingness, they are always subject to the English and their judgment. For example, Dr. Aziz dresses a shirt with collar when he rides a bicycle so that he wouldnt be stopped by an English policeman.<br />What bothers me most in A PASSAGE was Indians' attitude toward the English colonization. Indians seem to me that they are pretty indoctrinated by the English colonial conceptualization/ ideology. Indians themselves often thinks in A PASSAGE like the English, such as these thoughts: they are incapable to do certain things, they are inferior to the English, or they should be happy as good servant to the English. They don't seem as challenging as many African American protagonists in African American (post) colonial writings. This bothersome brings me to think of Forster's intention of this novel as well. Does he insist a separation between two powers? Is he saying that subaltern and the dominance can never mingle together like oil and water? What does he want to say through this novel? What make this novel good literature? Is this because the novel accurately presents the inevitable reality?....<br />Over all, the book offers me an interesting experience about Indians who have been strangers to me. Although having a couple of Indian friends, I have not thought about their colonial history and culture at all. This book makes me think in different areas that I have never adventured.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|You would have to be pretty lame not to know who The Beatles are. I would have to say that this album &quot;1&quot; is one to own. I love this album! It's got a whole bunch of songs that I haven't heard in a long time. From &quot;Love Me Do&quot; to &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot;, this album gives a hear of why The Beatles are considered gods of rock and roll. Every hardcore Beatles' fan has to own this!
B0000065O1|5.0|Cindy has done a marvellous job when compared to her much criticized earlier videos - the pace of repetitions were enormously high. This one is a welcome change, the pace is moderate but the workout is not moderate - it gives good flexibility and works out evrey part of the body. Usually the workouts are designed for upper body, abs and lower body. Cindy along with Radu goes one step ahead with Chest work out - and they are damn good. I have used it for a lil' over month - though I could not see significant decrease in pounds - I see definitely that my body has toned and defining well. I strike to do 5 times a week (still havent reached that goal) - and feel energized after the work out. I highly recommend to anyone who needs a good motivational video that they can stick with and do the workout with out getting bored.
B000002MUW|5.0|Madonna doesn't screw around. She's the consummate chamelion, and this album represents just how talented she is, and the level of her artistic genius. Both &quot;Secret&quot; and &quot;Take A Bow&quot; were huge hits-everyone knows that already. But while both are great songs, the art doesn't end with the hits as it often does. &quot;Bedtime Story,&quot; also a single but unfit for radio, is one of those songs that you can't help but listen to over and over again because of its masterfully-crafted sonic landscape. The video is a classic as well. Another single, &quot;Human Nature,&quot; would have best been left for an album track since it's not a great radio song either, but once again spawned a great video. <br />The rest of the album is filled with lush, dreamy, sensual musical composition that demands listeners to listen to the LP in full. &quot;Survival,&quot; released as a single with &quot;Bedtime Story,&quot; is the ultimate album opener with an instant hook that makes you glad you forked out the money for the CD. &quot;Inside Of Me&quot; is one of her most hauntingly beautiful works of art. A beautiful ballad with an unforgettable melody and gorgeous lyrics. &quot;Forbidden Love&quot; is a great love-making rhapsody. &quot;Love Tried To Welcome Me&quot; and &quot;Sanctuary&quot; are epic ballads that are unlike anything ever recorded...Madonna obviously didn't concern herself with the norm on these gems. It's a beautiful album, and the official inspiration for Ray of Light. Buy it- it's definitely her most lasting musical statement. One of few LPs that will sound just as good 20 years from now than it does today.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road is another one to own. This album just really rocks! I like the way they blend in some songs with eachother. This album, if you want to know, totally shows what The Beatles are capable of doing. From &quot;Come Together&quot; to &quot;Her Majesty&quot; this album has nothing but &quot;creative&quot; all over it. A must own for all Beatles and non-Beatles fans!!
1558908358|4.0|The summer of 1982 I missed the chance to see Tron on the large screen something I've always regreted.  Seeing this film nearly twenty years later on DVD has only increased my regret.  Loved all the actors and the concept.  Today, video arcades are rare indeed, but back than it was the place to hang out on a Saturday night.  Wish we had a Flynn's in our neighborhood!  <br />I to wish Disney would re-master this film and release it to celebrate its 20th anniversary...I won't miss it this time!<br />Anybody know what happened to Cindy Morgan?
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver is another really well made album by The Beatles. This album, I would say, seperates The Beatles from pop and rock and roll. This album has not only it's sweet points, but also has it's creepy, rock songs. If your not a big Beatles fan, then this album will make you one!
0792846710|4.0|I really love this movie. I have it on vhs and can't wait until it is released on dvd. Also am patiently awaiting klowns 2.
B000002ADT|5.0|There are already over 250 other user reviews of this phenomenal and influential jazz album by Miles and crew. All I can add is that after reading Ashley Kahn's &quot;Kind of Blue: The Making of the Miles Davis Masterpiece&quot; I have a much higher opinion of this album. After reading how the two recording sessions took place, you really seem to get a sense of how this album came together in the studio. What I wouldn't give to be a fly on the wall at those recording sessions.<br />If you're looking for a good gift for a jazz lover, pick up this CD and Mr. Kahn's book.
0783240287|5.0|This is one of the most captivating musicals I have ever seen.  Andrew Lloyd Weber and Tim Rice at their best !  Great music, fantastic imagery and acting, with lyrics that keep you listening for every word.  Donnie Osmond shows tremendous talent and ability. When I started this DVD, 4 boys ages 8-11 came inside on a sunny day just to catch the show. Its great fun !
6304178352|5.0|The opening scenes of the rain-drenched cobblestone roads and theatrical backdrop lend a stage feel to a film adaptation of the Lerner & Loewe musical. Since it was based on George Bernard Shaw's 1913 play \\"Pygmalion\\", you won't mind the occasional \\"stage\\" echoes. In fact, that adds to the appeal.<br /><br />We find Eliza Doolittle (Audrey Hepburn) selling flowers and spewing out the most dreadful words in a Cockney accent. It is really almost unbearable, but don't turn the movie off as it doesn't last too long. Audrey Hepburn is perhaps the most beautiful actress to ever grace the screen in my humble opinion. Here, she shines and is only a wall flower for the first part of the movie. Later she blossoms into an exquisite woman who could win the heart of any man. It is truly her best acting.<br /><br />Professor Henry Higgins (Rex Harrison) and Colonel Pickering discover her selling flowers and after Professor Higgins throws money into her flower basket we expect the two will never meet again. Eliza has other ideas and proudly marches up to the professor's home and demands to be taught to speak like a lady.<br /><br />Colonel Pickering then makes a bet with Professor Higgins and says that if he can turn this uncultured \\"gutter snipe\\" with a \\"simply ghastly\\" accent into a sophisticated, elegant duchess, he will pay for all the expenses. (Reminiscent of \\"Trading Places\\" to give a modern example) It is just irresistible to the professor and so he takes on a challenge for six months.<br /><br />Higgins arrogant attitude will make you laugh. He is humerously as unaware of other's feelings as he is of his own. He is at first very unlikeable, yet made me laugh through the whole movie. You will enjoy his eccentric view of life and cunning attitude as he tempts Eliza with chocolates.<br /><br />When you hear \\"I Could Have Danced All Night,\\" you will know why this will become one of your favorite musicals. \\"On the Street Where You Live\\" always makes me cry.  The script is superb and humorous in so many places. you will find yourself crying, laughing, and becoming increasingly enchanted as the movie progresses. I love this line:<br /><br />\\"The great secret in life is not a question of good manners or bad manners, or any particular sort of manners, but having the same manner for all human souls.\\" -Professor Higgins<br /><br />Higgins and Eliza have quite a few passionate verbal exchanges which are quite amusing. Eliza says: \\"I want a little Kindness\\" and we immediately know that love is the only aspect missing from this relationship. Higgins has to learn to love and that to me is the undercurrent in this movie. While Eliza learns to speak well, Higgins learns to love well.<br /><br />This unlikely romance is food for the soul. The ending is unpredictable and cute. The movie is sumptuously filmed and it is undeniable witty and sophisticated. The costumes and hair styles are the most elegant I have ever seen. If you enjoy ironic, intellectual comedy, be prepared to also fall in love with the most irresistible songs of all time. This enduring classic could not have been pulled off without Audrey Hepburn. No one could have played Henry Higgins like Rex Harrison!<br /><br />There is a beauty about this movie which is just as eternal as love. You will want to own your own copy so you can watch it again and again. It has never lost its charm for me.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Reviewou will find yourself crying, laughing, and becoming increasingly enchanted as the movie progresses. I love this line:    \\"The great secret in life is not a question of good manners or bad manners, or any particular sort of manners, but having the same manner for all human souls.\\" -Professor Higgins    Higgins and Eliza have quite a few passionate verbal exchanges which are quite amusing. Eliza says: \\"I want a little Kindness\\" and we immediately know that love is the only aspect missing from this relationship. Higgins has to learn to love and that to me is the undercurrent in this movie. While Eliza learns to speak well, Higgins learns to love well.    This unlikely romance is food for the soul. The ending is unpredictable and cute. The movie is sumptuously filmed and it is undeniable witty and sophisticated. The costumes and hair styles are the most elegant I have ever seen. If you enjoy ironic, intellectual comedy, be prepared to also fall in love with the most irresistible songs of all time. This enduring classic could not have been pulled off without Audrey Hepburn. No one could have played Henry Higgins like Rex Harrison!     There is a beauty about this movie which is just as eternal as love. You will want to own your own copy so you can watch it again and again. It has never lost its charm for me.    ~The Rebecca Review
B00004XQ83|5.0|This soundtrack is an excellent way to bring bluegrass to the mainstream where it belongs.  Country stations are losing out by not playing these wonderful songs.  The soundtrack moves you through all the adventures of the movie.  Even if you haven't seen the movie you can close your eyes and picture it as you listen to the soundtrack.  I would recommend this to anyone!!!
B000058T5E|5.0|You Had It Coming is one of Jeff Beck's best albums yet. It is right up there with Blow by Blow, Truth, and Wired. Jeff has a great band -Jennifer Batten, Randy Hope Taylor, and Steve Alexander. The songs on the album are craftfully made, from the rock song Earthquake to the peaceful song Suspension. Jeff Beck's soloing is EXCELLENT on this album, some of the best soloing I've ever heard him do. If you want a bit of shred, listen to the end of Left Hook. You want fingerpicking funk? Listen to Rosebud. You want a great rock guitar song? Earthquake is most excellent. Into cars? Listen to the hot-rodded song Roy's Toy. Need haunting solos? Listen to Loose Cannon. If you're into wah-pedal songs, Dirty Mind is the way to go. Want some real blues? Listen to Rollin' and Tumblin', fronted by the vocals of Imogen Heap. There's songs for everyone on this magnificant CD by the greatest guitarist of all time. The best song on the album is Nadia. Jeff does a stunning take on Nitin Shawney's song Nadia, and it is the standout tune of You Had It Coming. Better than 'Cause We've Ended As Lovers, even. Nadia is fantastic. I'm sure glad I had this coming!
B00004YW6I|5.0|After years (and albums) of wrapping desire in agitprop, irony, whimsy and poetry, PJ Harvey finds what may be her true voice on &quot;Stories&quot;. She certainly writes and sings like one who has gained confidence in her lyricism and, well, her feelings.<BR>Certainly, none of her songs have strutted with as much confidence as &quot;Big Exit&quot; and &quot;This is Love.&quot; Similarly, few songs have toyed so beautifully with narrative as &quot;You Said Something&quot; or with expectations as &quot;Horses in My Dreams&quot;. <BR>If &quot;Stories...&quot; deserves only one kudos, however, it should be that the duet with Thom Yorke (&quot;The Mess We're In&quot;) really comes off as a convincing dialogue between lovers -- not another contrived summit between alternative artistes. One criticism this album won't likely shake, however, is its comparatively conventional sound. Admittedly, no small combo has sounded so big and rocking since Nirvana (maybe even Cream). However, one could only wish this music was mainstream enough to garner regular radio play. As it is, however, &quot;Stories...&quot; is too subtle and honest to be that palatable. A pity. Here's hoping Harvey can really crack the Top 40 with her next effort. Radio, and popular music in general, will be much better for it.
B00004Z459|5.0|I fall on bended knee to thank the blessed Music Gods for delivering this CD into our hands...<br />The eternal dream and quest of all true music fans is to keep searching for that next bit of music that will scratch the itch on your soul that you can never quite reach, and find the occasional few minutes of pure sound energy that can do it, and make you feel alive. This CD does it from beginning to end. Rap'n'rock with killer riffing, lyrics with real depth, a fantastically rich, full sound, and vocals that can recall the Queensryche stratosphere. The sky's the limit for these guys. Best thing to come along in a good while, and as a debut, simply amazing. No kinda, wanna, maybe I oughta, this is a simply a must have.
0800116917|5.0|\\"Lawrence of Arabia\\"  is  the true story of T.E. Lawrence, the enigmatic, controversial British army officer who rose from obscurity to become one of the great military heroes of World War I.  It is a fascinating story, based loosely on Lawrence's book  \\"Seven Pillars of Wisdom.\\"  As film biographies go, this one os very good indeed.  It avoids the dual pitfalls I find present in many biographical films:  it doesn't take too much dramatic license with the life of its subject; and it doesn't sink into the abyss of simplistic, mind-numbing escapism.<br /><br />Performances in \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\" are superb.  I especially enjoyed Alec Guinness' gentle but cynical portrayal of Prince Feisal, and the pompous characterizations of British Generals Allenby  (Jack Hawkins) and Murray (Donald Wolfit.)  These actors brought their characters wonderfully alive, without once sinking into hyperbole or stereotype. I found only one disappointment and that was Omar Sherif.  His portrayal of Sherif Ali seems strident and one-dimensional.  In Sharif's hands, Sherif Ali seems too inclined to bombast, and possessed with too little warmth or charm to be effective.<br /><br />But the film's best performance is that of Peter O'Toole, playing in his first major film role.  O'Toole provides a first-rate character study of the tormented man who was T.E. Lawrence.  At the outset we see Lawrence as a man imbued with the typical pomposity and lust for military glory so prevalent among officers of all ranks in the post-Victorian/Edwardian British army.  But Lawrence isn't just another British \\"glory hound;\\" it quickly becomes obvious that his zeal for military success has a much more ominous quality to it.  As the film progresses, one witnesses his obsession take on more and more of a Messianic quality.  This seems to reach its zenith at the point when Lawrence, while trying to cajole his increasingly recalcitrant band of followers to join him on another mission, asks: \\"Who will walk on water with me?\\"<br /><br />\\"Lawrence of Arabia\\"  is a superbly crafted  film biography of one of the great men of the early twentieth century.  It's a  movie which will hold the viewer spellbound start to finish, mainly due to the dramatic intensity of O'Toole's brilliant performance, and the gorgeous desert cinematography. Most highly recommended.h me?\\"<br /><br />\\"Lawrence of Arabia\\"  is a superbly crafted  film biography of one of the great men of the early twentieth century.  It's a  movie which will hold the viewer spellbound start to finish, mainly due to the dramatic intensity of O'Toole's brilliant performance, and the gorgeous desert cinematography. Most highly recommended.
B00003CXN3|5.0|Traffic. Its a modern movie all about the flow and use of drugs all over the country. In the film there is actually 4 stories going on at once, always switching around between them and sometimes they interweave and all having something to do with drugs. One is with the country's new drug czar Robert Wakefield(wonderfully played by Michael Douglas) dealing with the war against drugs in our country and later finding out his own daughter is an addict. Another is with a young California wife(Catherine Zeta-Jones)finding out her husband is a drug dealer after his arrest. Another is with two DEA agents trying to track down a major drug dealer. And the final one is with a Mexican man(Benicio Del Toro)who is recruited to work on taking out a drug cartel in Tijuana, Mexico. The film is wonderfully acted and directed. Steven Soderbergh's direction gives the film its own unique look which gives it a lot of intensity. I hope it wins some oscars this year. The only thing that disapointed me about the film was the lack of action, I thought it would have had more. But its more a crime/drama. Definetly reccomened! Rated R for drug use, profanity, nudity, sexual situations, and some violence.
B000058T5E|5.0|For years, Jeff Beck has had a reputation among musicians as one of the greatest guitarists ever. I'm happy to say that after hearing &quot;You Had It Coming&quot;, Mr Beck has once again left his tired old friends (Eric Clapton and Jimmy Page) in the dust. I can't believe they will enjoy hearing the chops they can't perform anymore. For those who can't get past the drum machine or think he's just trying techno, get a grip! These songs are  just an excuse to hear Jeff blow the current guitar gods off their throne. No one plays more beautiful. No one plays more gutwrenching. In fact the last solo on the song &quot;Loose Cannon&quot; goes to a place only Hendrix has been able to reach. I would advise anyone who enjoys EVH, Vai, Satriani, Johnson, or the other wizards to check this CD out.  I'm sorry to dissapoint you and your heroes but --- YOU HAD IT COMING!
B00004XQ83|5.0|I simply can not stop listening to this marvelous collection. I spent my teenage years in the 1960s with the Beatles, Janis Joplin, etc., but I also grew up in Deep East Texas. These songs tug at the heart, with memories of the soil and culture that surrounded my youth. I think I have a different favorite from this CD each week. At first, the sirens' song of &quot;Didn't Leave Nobody But the Baby&quot; refused to leave my mind. Then it was the haunting beauty of &quot;Down in the River to Pray.&quot; But the chilling rendition of &quot;O Death&quot; lingers and lingers. I can't say enough about this soundtrack. If you have country roots, no matter how far removed in time and place, these songs will bring them back, not in simple nostalgia, but because the emotions they evoke are implicit and eternal within our souls. Don't miss this one.
B000002TQV|5.0|Not a bad song on the entire album. Brilliant, just brilliant.   One by one, the songs lull you away to  another land (perhaps Radioheadville).  The compositions are unique and entrancing.  A wonderfully produced album: intricate melodies, simple/yet powerful guitar riffs, poignant lyrics. An extraterrestrial type sound that is very engaging.  Each song contains its own unique image and feelings.   It's a must have, I never leave home without it.
0618002219|4.0|If your reading this then you are obviously interested in &quot;The Hobbit&quot;. It's an exciting adventure story with a bit of fantasy and magic all mixed into one. I think it is a most excellent story and would recomend it to anyone looking for a good Sunday sitting in the park doing nothing story. You may wonder why I gave it a 4 instead of 5 well to tell you the truth I thought the ending definatly could have been better. The entire story is based on a quest to rid an ancient dwarve fortress from SMAUG an evil dragon well it turns out that the adventures dont kill smaug and he plays a minor part in the long run. But aside from that I recommend it to fantasy/adventure lovers alike.
B000005RT8|5.0|What strikes me most about this album is how futurstic it all sounds. Again, like in the 60's, Paul is way ahead by embracing synths and loops which were at least 10 years ahead of his time. Let me explain.<br />Take &quot;Darkroom&quot;. A silly-ish minor song, nonetheless a nice melody and with a fun atmosphere. But take a listen to the drum breaks in the verse before the chorus. He obviously recorded these with the tapes slowed down, to produce a fast breakbeat (you gettin' me?) when the tape was played back normally. Now listen to some drum and bass, or Timbaland produced R&amp;B, and what do you hear? I hear the same technique, the same break beats.<br />Take &quot;Secret Friend&quot;, the bonus track. This is 10 minutes of what is basically a trance song. He moves the backing track loop up and down a few tones, very similar to the likes of Orbital et al. And this is in 1980! I think Paul should get the recognition he deserves for this pioneering work!<br />For the most part, the rest of this album is very good. I even like the silly instrumentals (&quot;Frozen Jap&quot; and &quot;Front Porch&quot;), and the weaker songs (&quot;Bogey Music&quot;) are just as throwaway as the instrumentals on the revered &quot;McCartney&quot; (&quot;Hot As Sun&quot;, anyone??!). So all in all you get the complete package.<br />The real stand out is &quot;One Of These Days&quot;, just Paul and an acoustic guitar (with a little too much echo). This song could've been developed into a huge production, and would've been a hit; but Paul leaves it as it is and its beautiful.<br />By the way, am I the only person to notice that TLC ripped off the lyrics from &quot;Waterfalls&quot; for their song, &quot;Waterfalls&quot;?? Paul's lyric: &quot;Don't go chasing waterfalls, please keep to the lake&quot;. TLC's lyric: &quot;Don't go chasing waterfalls, please keep to the rivers and the lakes that you're used to&quot;.<br />Hello??? Co-credit, anyone???<br />Anyway, enjoy McCartney 2 - certainly better than &quot;Tug Of War&quot; and all those to follow. In fact the best album after this wasn't until &quot;Flowers In The Dirt&quot;. In my opinion, that is!!
0618002219|4.0|The book is about 13 dwarves and one hobbit called Bilbo.  The Hobbit is a good book to read.  The book is mostly about adventer. If you like adventer this is a good book to read.  I think that the book is very good to read in a camping place. I think that the book is very good book.
B0000560X0|4.0|The big band stuff could've been left out, although the BBC big band is pretty decent and the arrangements are great.  The songs with only his band and Joe Sample are what most fans are probably going to like.  The DVD includes a bit on how the film was made, some interview segments, a bio and photo gallery.  The interview segments are really corny.  But for any real fan this is a must own, especially with the lack of video material available for Benson fans.
0618002219|3.0|The Hobbit was a story about a little hobbit named Bilbo Baggins. He goes on a faraway journey accompanied by thirteen dwarves and a wizard. The purpose of the journey is to find the lost treasure stolen by a fierce dragon named Smaug. Along their journey, Bilbo and the thirteen dwarves go up against Goblins, Trolls, Elves, and other wild beings amoung the forest. If you are into stories about journeys and make believe, you should read the Hobbit. I'm not really into these kind of books, but it was pretty good.
0425170349|4.0|I'm a college student who loves to read fiction/fantasy works. This is the second Tom Clancy book I've attempted to read (the other was Clear and Present Danger, which I tried to read when I was 13; needless to say, it was a bit over my head at the time). I'm about halfway through it at the time of this review, and I can honestly say it's becoming one of my favorite books on my 'all-time' list. Sure, it doesn't have the emotions and deep character thoughts that comes with the fantasy territory, but it is an excellent read. I'm a fan of politcal intrigue, and this book definitely has lots of that. Intense action scenes after several pages of careful planning...intersting characters with backgrounds from other books that I shall have to read after this one...and a 'mystery story'plot that makes you wonder if this sort of thing happens daily (it probably does, but I'm just an Average Joe; what do I know?). My quarrels with the book are: all the technical terms (SAS? NSA? At least I know what NPR is); confusion of who a character is when you here their name when they're not currently present (that's bound to happen in a book this size though); and lack of character thought (Ding, we know you get a bit edgy after killing someone, but what about everyone else?). However, I'll retain most of my judgements till after I finish it, and perhaps after reading a few more of his books to compare and contrast. So far though, so good. Definitely recommend this to anyone who loves to read.
0618002219|2.0|I would strongly recommend this book to those who play &quot;Dungeons and Dragons.&quot; I honestly don't care which of the 5000 races of little people someone belongs to. This book had a few highly actioned and interresting parts in the book, but overall this book is dull, and Bilbo the main charachter complained most of the time.For instance, there was often a large gap between action scenes. I was really looking up to the death of Smaug, a charachter who's ego was expanded into godlike preportions, died a pitiful death, with hardly any contact with the adventuring gang. And finally, my favorite charachter(Gandalf)left prematurely.
B00004YA66|5.0|How best to describe &quot;Frequency,&quot; one of the most pleasing and interesting films I've seen in a long time?<br />To start with, it gives a fresh and fascinating approach to time travel.  It stars Dennis Quaid and lesser-known James Caviezel as father and son.  To sum up the story, some sort of phenomena allows father and son to communicate through time over an old CB radio.<br />The film is simultaneaously heart-warming and fascinating.  It's part murder-mystery suspense that will keep you guessing 'til the end on a thrilling roller-coaster ride, and it's also part science fiction that will leave you pondering circumstance and chance &amp; make you wonder how the small decisions you make in life ultimately effect the timeline, and it's also a good old-fashioned story of family and love and baseball that will make you feel like the American Dream is a real thing and not just an ideal of the past.<br />&quot;Frequency&quot; is simply a wonderful film that is sure to please all types of viewers.  It is emotionally satisfying, with a nail-biting and intelligently written plot, and enough action to please mainstream audiences.<br />With that said, go watch the movie.  I don't want to give any more away.  It's a wonderful, brilliant movie, and the DVD itself is fabulous.
0618002219|3.0|The Hobbit is a book about and hobbit named Bilbo and 13 dwarves.  The dwarves take Bilbo on an adventure to regain their treasure that was stolen by a talking dragon.  On the way Bilbo and the dwarves run into goblins, trolls and elves.  All three of these creatures capture them but they end up escaping.  They meet a man who can change into a bear and the Lord of the Eagles.  They finally make it to the mountain where the dragon lives.  The dragon is killed by a guy from lake town and the dwarves with Bilbo reclaim the treasure.  A couple of days later every person who knew about the treasure was there to take the treasure.  They a have the Battle of Five Armies and the dwarves keep their gold.  Bilbo goes home and lives the rest of his days in his hole.
B000002MFE|5.0|One of my all time favorite CDs. 'Nuff said.
B000002U9Y|5.0|Saucerful Of Secrets is by far my favourite Pink floyd album mainly due to its Oriental flavour.This is in total contrast to their later albums which was more synth dominated and thus I  don't listen to them too often.The album is excellent right from the Psychedelic 'Let there be more Light' to the eccentric 'Jug band blues'.Rick Wright has done a great job on the keyboards. The amazing,bewitching,captivating,enthralling,haunting, song 'Set the controls for the heart of the Sun' sung by Roger Waters is alone worth the entire price of the CD.
B00003CXBK|2.0|Princess Mononoke, despite its cast of famous voices, was somewhat of an anime-disappointment in my book. I got together with four friends (2 guys/2 girls), and none of the men liked it. It revolves around the story of a young warrior cursed by a demon god, which &quot;attaches&quot; itself to his left arm and gives him &quot;super-human&quot; strength. The demon itself was cursed by anger and hatred that the animals felt towards humankind for years of animal/human wars. The animal gods and the humans fought many wars against each other, but their hatred only brought destruction and really stupid fight scenes. There also were happy, kind forest spirits that resembled pokemon and made me think of how kid-like our world has become. They made me laugh for all of two seconds; the most enjoyment I had during the movie. The story moves along sluggishly and some things just happen - not to be profound or intelligent, but rather to fill up space. The curse and demon on the young warrior's arm is a real joke; the thing just looks like a giant, purple jello mold and isn't really scary at all (maybe for a 3 -yr. old). The conflict between the humans and animals comes to a &quot;thrilling&quot; conclusion when...well, actually nothing was exciting. The wolf girl, also known as Princess Mononoke, who was neither wolf or human; she was the main girl in the movie and she falls in love with the main warrior guy w/ the jello on his arm - yeah, yeah, yeah. The only redeeming quality is the artwork, but of course, you can find better work in a better anime movie instead of wasting your time on this Disney film. I really think this movie is for touchy-feely girls and younger children, because the action is just a little bit too crazy and over-the-top for people in their late teenage years. Maybe, if I were four years old, then I would have appreciated this children's fairy tale more....
B000022TT4|5.0|I already had the  album Rattle and Hum when I first saw the movie. I didn't care about the gospel 'still haven;t found' or the 'freedom for my people' until I saw the film.  this is a musical journey through the roots of american music where U2 found their inspiration for a lot of songs. perfect..
B000003TA4|5.0|Personally, as an avid music connoisseur, the recent list that VH1 profiled was somewhat accurate(donde esta Led Zepp IV?) And as a rock and roll fan of the 90's, I'm biased in the fact that I think Nevermind is superb.  But the force that this album had on American culture in the early and mid 90's is profound and strikingly similar, but not instantly comparable, to the musical revolution of the 1960's.   Smells Like Teen Spirit is one of the most compelling songs ever recorded, a complete classic.  That is the big song that single-handedly jolted Nirvana to the stratosphere.  Normally, big important albums have two or three songs that are sheep fodder filler material.  But Nevermind is solid from beginning to end. Come as you Are is murky, but contains a catharsis that borderlines on insanity.  Lithium, In Bloom, and Drain You are all brilliant  rockers that help to commercially give the album its obvious credibility(VH1).   But the best songs on the songs on the album were not released as singles.  Lounge Act, Stay Away, and Territorial Pissings are all up-tempo 4/4 time, but have such range and depth musically that makes me wonder at Cobain's genius even though the lyrics delineate constantly throughout each song .  The best song on the album is near the end: On a Plain moves between major and minor modes so well that it is unbelievable. The best ditty they EVER wrote.<br />Although other albums may be more sonically involved or flat-out more musical(and probably should be #2), there is absolutely no argument that this album had a definite statement to send: This is our generation, not yours and noone can take THAT away from us...
B000001GPX|4.0|Well, this CD is certainly very impressive, but neither performance transmits what I believe to be the revolutionary impact of Beethoven's symphonic writing.  I find that De Sabata's New York performance on Urania is in a totally different league from this studio recording.  And although that recording is derived from a 1950 radio broadcast, its mono sound transmits more intensity than the stereo we have here.
6305399212|4.0|James Cameron directs an excellent follow-up to Ridley Scott's monster hit. \\"Aliens\\" is a suspenseful, action-packed gore fest that had garnered a well deserved 7 Academy Award nominations, including a Best Actress nod to Sigourney Weaver. While the film does have a slim plot, Cameron makes up for it in every other possible way. Weaver is excellent as Ripley, but the visual effects steal the show.
6305465533|2.0|What made me give the movie such a low rating is the ending. The movie starts strong and continues to be solid and well done, until the end. But the end itself is so-so.<br />Pros:<br />* Of course, this is one of those John Travolta-gets-20-mil movies, so it must be good, right? Well, maybe. John certainly gave a terrific performance in the movie.<br />* The movie is virtually star-studded. It includes such great actors as Robert Duvall, William H. Macy, and most importantly, John Lithgow. I love this guy. After seeing him do an awesome job on 3rd Rock from the Sun, it's nice to see him do something very serious again. He is amazingly convincing as the judge in the movie, and when he angrily screams, acting doesn't get any better. The movie also contains two of my all time favorite supporting actors, Dan Hedaya (Dick, First Wives Club) and James Gandolfini (Tony Soprano).<br />* One of the most exciting things in movies is the trial scenes (just watch A Few Good Men and Primal Fear). The trial scenes in this movie are pretty good.<br />Cons:<br />* At the end, what happened? Instead of writing what happened to the characters we hated, we should've seen it. That ruined the ending.<br />Bottom line: Worth a rent.
B000006TRV|4.0|Coming from a life pink floyd fan, I can say that this is not the finest PF album. It is better that 95% of music out but compared to other PF albums it is ok. This album first off is almost Watters solo work. Exept for comfortably numb and run like hell that Dave Gilmore contributed on. Another brick in the wall part 2 is the most overplayed PF song and gives listiners the wrong perspective on PF. If you want the real PF look at Meddle, Darkside, Animals and Wish you were here and even alot of there really old stuff. The wall is great and has many strong moments but its not as good as you might think.
6305750750|5.0|So you've heard that this film was aimed at children and childish, as if the original three didn't appeal to the child, as if it were a movie for adults.  And you've heard Jar-Jar is annoying and stupid, as if the original Star Wars didn't paint C-3PO as annoying and Chewbacca as a hairy imbecile.  (Chewbacca wasn't developed as a character with character until the second two films.)  And you've heard that The Phantom Menace has bad acting and cliches, as if the original three didn't have bad acting or cliches. If you ask the average watcher of the film, rather than the comic book crowd (with their typical &quot;Worst Episode Ever&quot; elitist chant), you'll find that it was highly successful film filled with fun and adventure and suspense.  The slow and thoughtful dialogue is the same caliber as the original film, and much better in consistent style and moralistic formalism than most of the films of the same genre released today. In sum, The Phantom Menace is an above-average enjoyable movie.  The cultural tone of analysis has changed to negativism and &quot;grown up&quot; intellectualism, but the film remains a valuable and worthwhile video for any collection.
630438551X|5.0|This movie was too great for words.  Well at least for me.  The first time I saw this movie, I was in total shock.  It also made me think, &quot;Why would someone do so much for love?&quot;  Now I know the reason why...        ANd if you haven't seen the movie, I totally recomend you see it!
B00004YA66|5.0|This film it's completly fantastic, the perfomances are great, lots of action and suspense, the DVD was also very cool, and so the DVD-Rom features, you will definetly love this movie,and by the way all fathers and sons must see this movie!
B000001Y42|3.0|after reading several reviews of this CD...I noticed that no one recognized track 13 (Everything)....this is quite possibly the most mesmerizing Limp Bizkit song I've ever heard....I found myself lost in it's trance.  yeah sure the rest of the CD is good.  but Everything is simply amazing.
B000003S0P|4.0|From the sharp military like precision of Red to the dirge like drone of Starless, it's clear that Fripp wanted the band to go out with a bang. Although the band never formally broke up after this album (according to Fripp they just &quot;ceased to exist&quot;, the sonic textures and songs suggest that this version of Crimson had reached their apex. <br />The structure and songs of Red echo the general mood of In The Court of the Crimson King. In fact Red can be seen as Crimson King's mirror image. Red is every bit the equal of 20th Century Schzoid Man. Providence although not quite as compelling as I Talk to the Wind, breaks through the glacial surface that surrounds the rest of the album. The manic One Red Nightmare and the dirge like Starless both recall ITCOCK's two closing tracks. As if that wasn't enough former Crimson member Ian McDonald returns (and in fact was going to rejoin as a permanent member) as a guest performer on a couple of tracks (as does former Crimson sax player Mel Collins).<br />While this isn't the best album put out by this version of Crimson (Starless and Bible Black has more highlights), it was the most complete. Red has a sense of closure and is an effective bookend to phase one of King Crimson. The trio of Fripp-Wetton and Brufford close this chapter of Crimson with style and power.<br />Red along with In the Court and Starless stand among the best of the 60's-70's edition of KC and wouldn't be equaled until Fripp reformed the band with new members Adrian Belew and Tony Levin in the early 80's. The only thing missing from Red is what had been missing from most of KC's output--humor. Belew would bring a sharp, witty edge to the band expanding on its original sound with Discipline and Beat.
B000056VIY|1.0|J Lo can sing?? Please. Her singing ability is lame. Although, I'm sure her fans will enjoy her new CD. Truthfully though, she'll never mount up to &quot;Madonna&quot; or &quot;Janet Jackson&quot; One can't imagine J Lo with Celia Cruz or Mark Anthony because they'll just beat her down - those two CAN SING! J Lo on the other hand should consider acting only.  I think she does better in that area but to compare her to Janet Jackson is just an insult to the &quot;diva&quot; whom has earned much credit for her singing talent. It would be interesting to hear J Lo sing a duet with Mariah Carey or Christina Aguilera - yea right.  Lopez, do yourself a favor, stay away from singing &amp; stick to acting.
B000002URV|5.0|Was given my first copy of this cd.  It was promptly stolen.  The second copy lasted a little longer, till it to was taken.  Came back to buy a THIRD copy because no other music comes close.  LOL - was used as very good focal point for the births of both of my children.  Pitty anyone who decides to miss out.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is one of the best albums of all time, VH1 even named it as one of the top 100 rock albums.  Probably the best Jazz album, or top 5 because of people's personal bias towards their favorite Jazz musician.  A must have for anyone's music colletion no matter what your tastes are.  <br />One bad thing about this cd is that the sound quality is not as good as other Jazz cd's.  The album was first released in 1959, so you cannot expect the quality of a Jazz HDCD from the 2000.  I still think they should have done a little bit better job when it came to the detail and background noise.  Maybe I expected too much......anyways buy this cd it is great<br />A+
0399146253|5.0|Patricia is truly the Mistress of Misandry!<br />At last men are shown as they really are: evil, fat, corrupt, lazy and incompetent. The women, however are multi-talented and super-fit.<br />Long may Patricia reign!<br />Ava Giro.
B000002AGN|5.0|Best cd to buy to get you introduced to the world of Jazz.  I bought this cd cause I liked the the 3rd track, Take Five.  It has been used in countless movies and also a few commmercials,  once you hear it you will recognize it immediately.  If you buy it for that one song, you will keep on listening to it for the other songs on the album.  If you are interested in Jazz then try this album for a spin, 85-90 percent of the people who listen to this album will start buying other Jazz albums and other Brubeck albums.  <br />Sound Quality is more of a 4, it is really good(HDCD) but not the best.  There are other HDCD's out there that have much better quality, but since this is a remaster it probably could never be as good as the others anyway.<br />A+
0780622650|4.0|&quot;Lost in Space&quot; successfully captures the elements that made the TV series a hit in the 1960's, and helped it retain it's cult following throughout the last thirty-plus years.  The story, characters, plot, and special effects work together nicely to create an entertaining movie.<br />The film carefully tries to remain true to the characters, stories and situations of the TV series, while donning a fresh, more modern look and feel.  There is enough of the original series present to satisfy die-hard fans, and enough of an updated treatment to entertain and amuse those with little or no knowledge of the show.<br />Because so much is taken from the TV series, and much of the remainder is pulled from the standard science fiction bag of tricks, the movie contains little original creative story material.  The original TV pilot serves as the template for the first act of the film, which also contains a heavy-handed bit of preaching about how we have to pull together to &quot;save the planet&quot;.  This aspect comes off as preachy, is derived from questionable, politically motivated &quot;science&quot;, and feels inappropriate and artificial.<br />A high point of the film is the treatment of Will's somewhat dysfunctional relationship with his father.  Via the magic of time travel, Will's father is forced to confront his adult son in the future, and to come face to face with the damage that his lack of parental involvement has lead to.  This glimpse ends up giving him a second chance to be a good father, by making him realize that taking an interest in and spending time with his son is far more important than he had ever imagined.<br />The visuals in this film, along with the special effects, are quite impressive.  The artistic work that went into the Jupiter 2, robot, and spider designs (to mention just a few elements) is first rate.  The musical score is also quite good, and provides appropriate emotional cues in most scenes.<br />The worst element of the film isthe computer-generated character &quot;blarp&quot;.  Like the character &quot;Jar jar Binks&quot; in &quot;Star Wars: The Phantom Menace&quot;, this character adds little to the movie, and detracts from other, more important story elements.  Both characters are sickeningly cute, don't look realistic enough to be believable, and seem to be tacked on just to take advantage of the computer animation craze.  However, it is also true that cheesy creature effects played a major role in the original series.  So, in the sense of remaining consistent with the TV show, the inappropriateness of blarp is somehow &quot;appropriate&quot;.<br />The DVD compares very favorably with some of the better DVDs that have been released in recent years.  The DVD medium has been used effectively, with fully animated menus and menu transitions, with accompanying music.  The disk is also packed with extras, most of which are informative and/or entertaining.  One exception is the &quot;future of space travel&quot;, which has pseudo experts providing information that ranges from partially wrong to utterly false (like the statement that Americans consume 60% of the Earth's resources every year).  Another is the music video.  While the music is good, the video is just bits of the movie cut with shots of the band playing, and their band name flashed up over and over again.  It's more of an ad for the band than a music video.  Also, the &quot;game&quot; included is a lame trivia quiz that is obviously just a marketing vehicle designed to familiarize you with other films that you might want to buy.  Finally, there is Buzz Aldrin's cam-corder advertisement, in which he states that the same technology that put him on the moon is built into this amazing camcorder (a ludicrously inaccurate statement, on top of being blatantly commercial and totally unrelated to Lost in Space).<br />The interviews with the original cast, and the synopsis provided for EVERY episode of Lost in Space are pretty cool.  Thebehind the scenes material, as well as the commentaries, are also informative and worth experiencing.  And the deleted scenes provide an interesting peek into the deeper, more richly textured time travel story that was originally envisioned, but could not be completed, due (primarily) to lack of funds.<br />Movie<BR> ----------------<BR> Originality: C<BR> Creativity: B+<BR> Complexity/Depth: C+<BR> Relevance/Message: C<BR> Artistic Merit: A<BR> Overall Entertainment Value: A<BR><br />DVD<BR> ------<BR> Transfer Quality: A<BR> Extras: A<BR> Use of Medium: A<BR>
B00003CX5P|3.0|Okay, I was just like everyone else--I wanted to see this movie really really badly.  So I did.  And at first I thought it was great!  But later, I realized how very childish this movie is.  Sure, the visual effects were nice, and the pod race was cool, but the visuals can't compare with The Matrix.  Also, Jar Jar Binks and Boss Nass are a very unwelcome addition, with their very eyeball-rolling senses of humor.  And the plot wasn't very clever either.  It's really pretty hard to relate this movie to the Trilogy.  If you're anyone under 13 (as I was when I saw it), you should like at the very least like it, as long as you don't expect it to be like the old Star Wars.  But if you are an adult who is a big fan of the Trilogy, avoid The Phantom Menace at all costs.<br />Rated PG, for sci-fi action and violence, not much else, really everyone should be allowed to see it.  But the question remains: does EVERYONE really WANT TO?
0380713802|5.0|This is by far the funniest book I've read in a long time and everyone I've lent my copy too has loved it.  It is even funnier if you've already read A Walk in The Wood because Bryson retells many delightfully funny misadverntures with Katz from his first trip around Europe.  I would warn you, do not read this in the company of others as you will not be able to keep from laughing out loud - and I don't mean snickering, I mean full out guffaws.  BUY THIS BOOK!
B0000024TT|5.0|SONGS OF LEONARD COHEN, Leonard Cohen's first recording, is an essential CD for those of us who patiently try to build a coherent library of quality CD's. Ten songs ranging from above-average to excellent will let you discover Leonard Cohen if you want to return to the golden age of the sixties.<br />You are going to recognize at least three or four songs simply because they are regularly played on radio or sung by other artists. Songs like &quot; Suzanne &quot;, &quot; Sisters of Mercy &quot; and &quot; Hey, that's no way to say goodbye &quot; already belong to our western cultural background and shouldn't be ignored.<br />This Columbia production offers to the amateur the incomparable pleasure to read the words of the songs thanks to a precious booklet.<br />A CD for your library. Of course.
B000003TSP|2.0|Dummy is a fantastic album, but unfortunately this one is not nearly as good. The sound is muddier and none of the songs really stick with me. Skip it.
B000002LCB|5.0|I work in a very upscale, la-de-da art gallery.  We get wealthy buyers, weird artsy affected types, and old people...lots of old people.  My boss insists on instramental music being on at all times.  I just can not take some of the CD's he has brought in though.  So along comes The Princess Bride Soundtrack.  It is a God send!  Every day I pop in Mark Knopfler and drift through the day with music I can stand to listen to.  This CD has saved my sanity and alowed me to squeek by at work with out listing to boring, heavy instramental CD's for hours on end.  If only Knopfler made more instamental works like this!
B00004ZAV3|2.0|The most important thing that the beatles did was to water down and put an acceptable face on the black music that they had been listening to all of their lives.  Just ask them who their musical heroes were and are.  Now that's not to say that they haven't written some great songs mind you but by and large their music lacks intensity or rhythmic complexity or the purity that their r&amp;b predecessors exhibited.
B00005214X|5.0|I wonder whether George Harrison knows that this album's most famous song played a minor but important role in the overthrow of President Joseph Estrada in the Philippines last month? &quot;Gambling lord...I really want to kick you&quot; was one of the favourite songs of the hundreds of thousands of demonstrators in this Beatles-mad country who gathered nightly at the &quot;EDSA shrine&quot; in downtown Manila prior to Estrada's ouster.  The parody of &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; appeared on &quot;The White Album&quot;, a collection of protest songs set to popular tunes from the 1960s and 1970s.  Another popular chant at EDSA -- &quot;All we are saying, is Erap resign&quot; -- is of course based on a song by another Beatle. &quot;Gambling lord&quot; is funnier if you know the events it is poking fun at, but the overall message is something anyone can enjoy.
B0000027F8|5.0|Except for his rendition of a Stevie Wonder classic this is an incredible album.  (No one should even TRY to sing Stevie's songs)  And this is comin' from a true R&amp;B/Soul/Jazz fan.  But it's really difficult to classify this album.  It's part pop, rock, soul, folk, jazz...  Most importantly it's a very intorspective album.  You can really hear Michael's pain and struggle with the situations he describes.  Love lost, dreams met yet still unfulfilled.<br />Mother's Pride is tremendous.  A very acoustic and poignant look at the impact of war on the family unit and psyche.  <br />Michael sings with clarity and power.  A fine effort and certainly not one that sounds like anything from his earlier days as a solo artist or as part of Wham.<br />The title is perfect.  Don't expect to here the simplistic sound that is so much of modern pop.  Have an open mind and be pleasantly surprised.
0345350472|2.0|This book starts out really good and sets you up for a fast paced adventure about a bounty hunter out to kill androids.  But when it comes down the actually hunting its boring.  All the action sequences are under a paragraph and in the end you feel cheated.  However, if you plan to read a well written and good story this is a good book.  But if action is what you desire, go to the next one on your list to read.
B00001SIES|5.0|Well, Radiohead? I really doubt it. <br />Muse are close to the genre, alright (as well as many other bands are closer to one or another style), they are from Britain, ok, they even love Radiohead, but the list of similarities rather ends here.<br />For me, what makes them differ from their brit colleagues is the fact that they have more muscles - the music ones, of course: they sound different from any other since they have their own originality that is supported by their rich bass lines, heavy electric guitars and nice latin ones, and beautiful lyrics. They have even more: they've got the unique spirit of this album, the one that makes me believe they possess a huge talent and a definite future.<br />Sunburn, Showbiz, Uno, and Unintended are undoubtedly great songs that shape the cd well, however, for me, the real standouts are Muscle Museum and Escape.<br />Fillip, Cave, Overdue, and Hate This and I'll Love You are each unique in their sound, but overall just show the same perfectness of their creators.<br />Really worth buying and looking forward to their next album.
B000000LZV|5.0|I bought this album in late 1985 and managed to see them on december 30th 1985 at Al's Bar in L.A.  I saw them play 6 times, even an acoustic set.  I saw them in small places, like Toe's Tavern in Redondo Beach.  I saw them with a substitute drummer.  I saw them with their horn section.  I would have played with them in the summer of 1985 except that I was in Switzerland.  This is a great album, one of the best of all time.  I used to have the whole thing memorized.  It used to give me a rash on my arms listening to it because I'd get so psyched.  It really shreds.  It's a work of outstanding musicianship.  They are super tight (and were just as tight in person-even when Mike would break a string and they'd find something to play while he changed strings).  Back then I promised myself that on my deathbed I would have the album playing.  Listening to it is like drinking 10 double espressos.  You have to listen through to the end.<br />They would have been the important band of the 80s if more people had been listening.  Unfortunately, the only band that came close to them was fIREHOSE and they're 2/3s the Minutemen.
B000058T5E|4.0|A fantastic aural assault.  Beck shrieks, squaks, and blasts his way into your bloodstream.  This is the album I've waited for from him for many years now, after too many lackluster outings in the 90's.  The ragged edges, fried synapses, and sheer electrcity of this 35 minute outing are a rock n' roll delight.  Makes the current wave of shock yer face rap and hip hoppers look like Raffi.  Though not his &quot;best&quot; by far, he's captured the raw stop/start &quot;edge&quot; of the new millenium with this outing.  No compromises here.  Worth the price of admission. Play LOUD!!!
B00004XMVH|1.0|I have read many reviewers talking about the historical inaccuracies of this film. Appaling as it is, one reviewer pointed out that the true story was less than interesting which is an interesting point. A far more interesting side to the Enigma story on the other hand, was that of the work done at Bletchley Park in England to crack the Enigma code. Where contary to US opinion the first Computer was developed I beleive it was named Collosus 1. I bring this to your attention as I recently watched a facinating TV  documentary on the subject. I would suggest that a film about this story would not require historical inaccuracies to entertain a film audience. If such a film exists then I would be pleased to know. I doubt however that Hollywood would stoop so low as to tell a story where the victory is not American. PS I also watched Heavan &amp; Earth recently and this film begins to fulfill that brief. I recommend it!!
B000059Z8J|5.0|This DVD has been very much anticipated for a very long time. I recommend anyone out there that is wanting this movie on DVD to buy it here from Amazon.com,because the price for it is very reasonable and affordable.<br />Along with the Superman: The Movie DVD, will be parts 2,3, and 4 in a much anticipated box set.See this movie and you'll remember how much fun it was all over again.
B000002G6J|5.0|My father listened to Jobim while I was growing up. Mostly 8 track tapes. Even as a kid, while everyone else was listening to rock, I loved Jobim's sound. Now that I'm older, I can't get enough of the classics Jobim composed. &quot;WAVE&quot; and &quot;TIDE&quot; are certainly Jobim's landmarks. Easy listening over and over. I can never get enough of this one!
0894803123|4.0|This is a good starter for those of us new to the &quot;home ice cream making&quot; biz. I'll go ahead and get my disappointment with the book out first--a lot of the better B&amp;J flavors are absent. However, they give you enough that you can do what they did--experiment your way to new flavors.<br />The best thing about the book, besides the price, is the insider information that helps the layperson understand what makes good ice cream good. Also, the recipes are easy to follow and turn out very well even on the first try.<br />Most of the flavors inside really don't tempt my taste buds, but there are several good ones--enough to make the purchase worthwhile--and there is enough information to allow you to confidently experiment. Hey, why not? You can eat the results either way!
B000053GTK|5.0|Not to sound like too much of a fanatic, but I bought this CD despite already owning both an earlier (and now out of print) CD AND the original vinyl.  I'm glad I did.  This album is one of the most overlooked masterpieces of the rock era.  <br />At the time of its original release, some people viewed &quot;In a Glass House&quot; as a thrown-together hash rushed to market to prove that the band could survive without the services of the just-departed Phil Shulman (older brother of bassist Ray and singer Derek).  Those people were fools. No matter what criteria you use to measure artistic merit, this album has it in spades.  Whether you want to talk about lyrics, composition, arrangement or performance, &quot;In a Glass House&quot; is breathtaking.  <br />On this new release, the sound is better than ever before, the packaging does a great job of duplicating the look of the original vinyl package, and the bonus tracks (live versions of three of the studio album's six tracks) make a nice addition to any Gentle Giant collection.  You simply can't lose buying &quot;In a Glass House&quot;.
B00003JRCQ|4.0|Much of the praise given to this movie is deserved. The acting is uniformly excellent. Indeed, every character, excepting none, is carefully etched and individuality drawn. To name a few: Ciaran Hinds as Wentworth, Sophie Thompson as the ever-complaining, self absorbed sister Mary, Corin Redgrave as the narcissistic, snobbish aristocrat Sir Walter Elliot,  Susan Fleetwood as the a sympathetic, but still classist Lady Russell, Richard McCabe as a falsely fragile, introspective Captain Benwick, Samual West as scheming, polished, pretty boy scoundrel; also, with the reservation noted below, Amanda Root as Anne Elliot.      The period is superbly portrayed.  The attitudes about society, class, and birth rights being almost incomprehensible by modern mores are made tangibly credible.  The costumes, personal appearance, and grooming all accurately show Eighteenth century England, a time quite different from our own.  People, even upper class people, sweat, sometimes wear dirty cloths, are not always perfectly shaven, don't always have straight teeth and show real emotions and human variation, not to say faults.  Eighteenth century Europe's detailed and steeply declinated social stratification is magnificently, though incidentally, portrayed.    Granted Mr. Elliot's motivation and behavior are under explained, but this is a minor flaw.    So what is really wrong with the movie?  It is just not believable that a homely, reserved, and wilted Anne Elliot could attract or re-attract the dynamic and successful Captain Wentworth.  Amanda Root, being limited by her inherent appearance and personality, may have done a less than optimal job, but I cannot think of any actress who could have made credible that hansom, rich, self assured Wentworth would be attracted to this mouse in the corner.   Perhaps the fault is with Jane Austen's plot.  Perhaps when she wrote the character of Anne Elliot, Jane was indulging in a bit of wishful thinking motivated by her own romantically unfulfilled life.    But I liked it and having seen it several times, have come to accept the improbability of Wentworth's continued attraction to Root's Anne Elliot.  Certainly stranger things have happened.
0399146253|2.0|I am a great Patricia Cromwell fan.  After reading this book, I think Kay needs a new job and maybe &quot;a life&quot;.  It looks like the author thinks so too since Kay is mulling over the need for a change.<br />Kay needs some dimension, she's gone flat.  How about a new permanet relationship, preferably with a man - and a little fun in her life!
0425107469|4.0|One of my favorite books is Nightfall by Isaac Asimov. I recently loaned the book to someone and in return she gave me a copy of Watchers. I hope she enjoys Nightfall as much as I enjoyed Watchers. One thing I like about sci-fi is the fact that make a leap of faith to create the scenario for a great story, be it time travel, contact with aliens, interstellar travel, or in this case genetic engineering taken to perhaps impossible extremes.  No matter how enticing the scenario may be, the story is not going to work unless you have believable and interesting characters, a good plot and a good writing style, all of which this book has. I had never read anything by Koontz, but this story began with a very eerie fear of the something lurking in the dark that certainly got my attention. The rest of the story continued to hold my attention, with very human characters and their relationships to others, as well as the sense of the hunt and a final confrontation. About the only thing that didn't appeal to me that much was the fact that Einstein's intelligence seemed at times to be a bit too developed and too far-fetched, but, what the heck, it still made for a great story. When I finish the book I'm currently reading, I think I'll go look for another Dean Koontz book.
B0000027F8|5.0|This CD is one of those rare albums that have every song being just awsome.  First, the lyrics on every song are incredible.  My favorites are Praying For Time, Waiting (reprise), Heal The Pain and Freedom.  The cover song (They Won't Go When I Go, by Stevie Wonder) that George chose for the CD fits right in with his songs.  This album is also between two others (Faith &amp; Older) that emphasize on synthetic instruments and drum beats, while Listen Without Prejudice has for the most part all autentic instruments, and it really shows a tremendous difference.  This CD is tremendously underrated, and it should be in every collection.  Thank You!
B000002GF8|5.0|The Police was a truly unique band. By fusing the instrumental virtuosity of guitarist Andy Summers and drummer Stewart Copeland with the uncanny pop sensibilities of Sting, the Police created a sound that to this day, has not been imitated, let alone duplicated. With timeless FM fare such as Roxanne and Message In A Bottle, The Police created a new musical landscape, one which reconciled such disparate musical factions as punk and progressive rock, into a whole, new form. This was the sound of the real new wave. Yet, despite its obvious strengths, the band could not quell the rising tides of dissent within its own ranks, as the trio's strongly conflicting personalities led to an all-too sudden demise. Synchronicity, the band's 5th album, was both a critical and commercial peak and ultimately a farewell.<br />The first single, the menacing Every Breath You Take, soared up the charts and immediately became an MTV staple. Looking through the infra-red telescope of Summers' propulsive guitar riff, Sting lays his stalker nightmare/fantasy bare for all to see. Predatory though the lyrics may be, the melody in his delivery and the overall tight structure, make it the most accessable song the band ever released. This sense of lyrical paranoia is to be found all over the album. The hidden, undefineable terror of Synchronicity II, the apocalyptic Walking in Your Footsteps and the coldly calculating Murder By Numbers all mark a sharp lyrical departure from such earlier songs as De doo doo doo, de da da da, and Every Little Thing She Does is Magic. Musically as well, the band moves in new directions, incorporating a wide array of keyboard effects and percussion, all of which add to the sense of unease found in the music. Only in the trance-like Tea in The Sahara, in which the band reverts to its standard 3-piece format, is the listener afforded a release from the ever-escalating tension.<br />Nearly 20 years after its release, Synchronicity remains a signpost for a road that has not since been travelled. Sting opted for the easy allure of a solo career, while Summers and Copeland descended in to movie soundtrack/jazz odyssey obscurity. It now seems highly unlikely that The Police's transcendent blend of punk, pop, reggae and progressive rock will be replicated any time in the near future.
0393317552|4.0|Guns, germs and steel takes a different look at why Western Europeans went on to dominate all of the known world. Dr. Diamond's main thesis is the domestication of certain species of plants and animals. Because, Europe is connected to Asia. Eurasia had a larger pool of large animals and plants to domesticate. Also, Europe's moderate climate help Europeans go from a hunter-gatherer society to a sentary society. As a society become more sentary the larger the population grew and evolved into a more complex one. In these complex societies, Dr. Diamond points the advancement of politics, inventors and trade with other countries. <br />Dr. Diamond, also points out in later chapters that Europe surpassed societies such as China and India because Europe was never politically cohesive. Countries such as England, France, Netherlands and Spain competed for the riches of the New World, Africa, and Asia. Therefore these countries invented better steel products, bigger ships and more advanced weapons.<br />Dr. Diamond does make strong agruments and dispels a lot of myths on why certain societies advanced faster than others. However, there is one part of the book were Dr. Diamond believes that natives of New Guinea are more intellectual than today's Americans. I found that extremely absurd. But, I would recommend this book as another alternative on world history.
0345440757|5.0|This is the most amazing baby book I have read, and being a new mother and all I have read MANY...TOO MANY!  This book, in just one day, taught me how to teach my infant to go to sleep on his own!!!  I was leary at first, but it worked and here we are one week later and he is still doing it...Easy to read, very funny at times and a MUST HAVE for all new moms!!!!  Thank you TRACY HOGG!!!  You gave us back our sanity.
0345440757|5.0|I've never been so charmed by a book about babies.  Not only does Tracy Hogg allay my worst fears and bolster a belief in my own parenting ability, she has written a book chock full of easy-to-read, practical advice.  I love her lists and boxes, because it gives me the at-a-glance pointers I need ON THE SPOT.  And the acronyms she's coined--like E.A.S.Y.  and S.L.O.W.--help me remember her advice.  But I also love her stories about the babies she's cared for.  This book is a must for all pregnant women, a great shower gift in fact, as well as a great guide for mothers who've been at it for a few months.  Hogg is compassionate and wise and funny--a great combination for women like me, who often wonder which end is up!
079213690X|5.0|So what that there are historical inaccuracies in this film.  It tells a story about a freedom fighter who lived in 13th century Scotland.  A lot of positives came from the making of this film.  It inspired people to find out about the REAL William Wallace. That is a good thing.  There is a scene in this movie where the Scottish clansmen are on the battlefield watching the British gather the troops and the Scots are left overwhelmed at the opposition.  Ready to turn and go home, Wallace rides up to rally the troops and tells them: &quot;...fight and you may die.  Run and you'll live, at least a while.  And many years from now, dying in your beds, would you get one chance, just one chance to tell your enemies-'You may take our lives, but you'll never take our FREEDOM!!!!!!'&quot;. That right there makes up for any inaccuracies and captures the very soul of William Wallace.  Thank you, Mel Gibson  and Randall Wallace for bringing a great man to the consciousness of all people. I watched a history channel special about William Wallace.  Randall Wallace told the story of why he came up with the idea of &quot;Braveheart&quot;  He said that during a trip to Scotland he saw two large statues. One of Robert the Bruce, and he asked who the other statue was and the man from the town said &quot;He is Scotland's greatest hero&quot;.  Randall was amazed that he had never heard of him, and was inspired to write this screenplay. The overall message of this film is that freedom is worth dying for.  This is one film that I believe everyone should see at least once.
0887308589|5.0|I am an engineer who has just started my job in corporate America.  I'm sitting here at lunch in my gray cubicle writing this review.  Someone reccommended this book to me to read and I was laughing out loud the entire time I read it.  Mr. Adams displays an extremely effective understanding of Management Personnel and Corporate Policy.  But the true gem for me in this book (being a female engineer) was the chapter on engineers.  Let's just say that this section was probably the most accurate take on Engineers I've ever read.  Great job!!
0385486804|4.0|The book Into the Wild, taught me about life and how people act. Chris Mc.Candless, was a great man that followed his dream. His experience lasted for 2 1/2 year. He went to Alaska searching for adventure and there he was faced with tragedy.I recomended this book if you want to read a extremely touching story.
0670824399|5.0|THIS IS ABOOK FOR EVERY CHILDREN IN THE UNIVERSE!!THIS BOOK IS GREAT!! BUY IT NOW!!
B000002VE7|5.0|As a strong Alan Parsons Project fan, I am sometimes frustrated by the couple throw away songs on every album, as well as the strict adherence to &quot;formula&quot; songwriting.  <br />For one glorious album, they seem to have thrown the shackles off and let themselves go, and it shows!  This may sound a little obscure at first listen compared to their other stuff, but if you keep coming back it has more depth than their other efforts.  The irony is that it doesn't really have a central theme, yet it almost works best as an album moreso than any of the others, which often had great singles.  There is a great flow and spontaneity to the whole thing that I still love having first purchased the cassette when it initially came out, and now having the CD.<br />Hidden here (and a travesty that it was left off 'The Definitive Collection', an otherwise top notch collection) is 'Where's the Walrus?', my favorite Project song and the rare instrumental that energizes, mesmerizes, and is just plain fun all at the same time.  There is just more umph to this collection (the title track is their first out and out rock song since 'Games People Play') that makes it a hidden gem...
0385335482|2.0|Becky Bloomwood seems to have a pretty good life. A nice apartment in a trendy London area, a good job writing for Successful Savings, socialite friends and tons of clothing.<br />The only problem is, she can't afford the clothes, the only reason she has such a nice flat is because she shares it with a rich debutante and she absolutely HATES her job.  So, she shops! and shops!<br />I tried very hard to like the main character in this book. I failed.<br />Although the story is told in a fun way, you never feel an ounce of sympathy for Becky.  She comes across as self-centered, living in her own little world which, frankly, borders on the silly.  I often found myself thinking that this character could never possibly exist in the real world.<br />Similarly, all the people in Becky's life seem to float around her in their own little worlds. She doesn't seem to connect with any of them until the very end, where magically, all falls into place.<br />The only redeeming feature of this book was the breezy, often funny descriptions of Becky's shopping trips.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Quite possibly the worst movie since ANACONDA.  This movie is totally unrealistic and basically just a bunch of fast cars driven by a few excellent actors (Giovanni Ribisi &amp; Robert Duvall) surrounded by some vomit-inducing actors (Scott Caan, Angelina Jolie, &amp; Master P) in a very boring story.  This movie uses scenes ripped off from AMERICAN GRAFFITI and BULLITT to make up for a faulty plot written by Scott Rosenberg.  Apparently, Jerry Bruckheimer used his trademark moronic formula of (if we put a whole bunch of exotic cars in the movie people will want to see it just so they can sit around saying &quot;that car's badass!&quot;) showing exotic cars in stunts and a surgically enhanced girl in hopes to make this a guy's movie.  If you are a car nut do not expect to see any cars that you have not seen in movies before (Hummers, Lamborghini's, and a few classic hotrods) and you will also hear a lot of namedropping in an effort to impress the layperson.  The technical side of the movie is just as bad.  The stunts are altogether unrealistic and the CGI special effects are easy to pick out.  The disc is also disappointing; the volume on the menu is much greater than the actual movie, the commentary audio track is mixed so softly that it is barely audible and the beginning of the disc is filled with previews to other similarly disappointing movies. Don't watch this if your only reason is to escape your daily life. This movie is a poor work of fiction set in a world where Hollywood's distortion of reality is far too obvious.  In the real world cars kill more people and more often than guns do; this movie would have us believe otherwise, and police actually do have rules and regulations for pursuits though here they just follow the suspect blindly.  Please do not encourage Hollywood to make more movies like this by seeing or purchasing this movie.
B000002ACR|5.0|YTY displays the Byrds in tip top shape as well as at a crossroads.  This album was released in that magical year of 1967, which gave us The Beatles' &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, Jefferson Airplane's &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot;, Velvet Underground's &quot;VU &amp; Nico&quot;, The Stones' &quot;Her Satanic Majesties' Request&quot;, and too many others to count.  However, this album perhaps is the most underrated of all the albums aforementioned.  Arguably, It even holds up better than the other albums (\\"Mind Gardens\\" not withstanding).<br />Following the somewhat overrated Fifth Dimension, the album shows Chris Hillman's first stabs at songwriting (\\"Have You Seen Her Face\\"; \\"Thoughts and Words\\"), which are very impressive.  It also features many of their best songs: \\"So You Want to be a Rock and Roll Star\\", \\"Everybody's Been Burned\\", \\"Renaissance Fair\\".  And with the expanded reissue, we also get another one of their best songs (and their arguably most underrated), \\"It Happens Each Day\\".<br />With all this in consideration, I'll lay my cards down that song for song, this is The Byrds' Best album (as far as the original lineup is concerned, anyway) Other than that, there isn't anything that hasn't already been said by other reviewers here.  Absolutely essential.
B00000BKE1|4.0|fear of the dark is over all a pretty good album.the opener 'be quick or be dead' is a fast and ferocious song about the political corruption of today .Has an axcellent intro(love bruce's scream).'from here to eternity'is a fun song about satan and has a souperb video.'afraid to shoot strangers' is an excellent song with very catchy guitars.Then starts the problem,the band produces a lame song 'fear is the key' which you want to stop half way through followed by a not so bad 'chidhood's end' which could have been better if the verse would have been better.Next 'wasting love' which is probably one of the best songs on the cd.'the fugitive'which is the next song could have been much better if it had been abit faster and if there would have been no chorus which is really bad.'chains of misery' and 'the apparition' should have not been kept in the album as they are the most unmaidenish and worst songs of the cd and probably two of the worse songs ever made by maiden. 'judas be my guide'is avery good song with an excellent chorus.'weekend warrior ' is also one of the better songs of the album.Now this is what makes me give this album a 4 star rating ,the track closer 'fear of the dark' which is prabably one of the best songs by maiden ever.It has got a soft opening followed by some of the fastest and best guitar works of maiden with an excellent display of vocals and lyrics.
B000002ACR|5.0|YTY displays the Byrds in tip top shape as well as at a crossroads.  This album was released in that magical year of 1967, which gave us The Beatles' &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, Jefferson Airplane's &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot;, Velvet Underground's &quot;VU &amp; Nico&quot;, The Stones' &quot;Her Satanic Majesties' Request&quot;, and too many others to count.  However, this album perhaps is the most underrated of all the albums aforementioned.  Arguably, It even holds up better than the other albums (\\"Mind Gardens\\" not withstanding).<br />Following the somewhat overrated Fifth Dimension, the album shows Chris Hillman's first stabs at songwriting (\\"Have You Seen Her Face\\"; \\"Thoughts and Words\\"), which are very impressive.  It also features many of their best songs: \\"So You Want to be a Rock and Roll Star\\", \\"Everybody's Been Burned\\", \\"Renaissance Fair\\".  And with the expanded reissue, we also get another one of their best songs (and their arguably most underrated), \\"It Happens Each Day\\".<br />With all this in consideration, I'll lay my cards down that song for song, this is The Byrds' Best album (as far as the original lineup is concerned, anyway) Other than that, there isn't anything that hasn't already been said by other reviewers here.  Absolutely essential.
B00000BKE1|4.0|fear of the dark is over all a pretty good album.the opener 'be quick or be dead' is a fast and ferocious song about the political corruption of today .Has an axcellent intro(love bruce's scream.'from here to eternity'is a fun song about satan and has a souperb video.'afraid to shoot strangers' is an excellent song with very catchy guitars.Then starts the problem,the band produces alame song 'fear is the key' which you want to stop half way through followed by a not so bad 'chidhood's end' which could have been better if the verse would have been better.Next 'wasting love' which is probably one of the best songs on the cd.'the fugitive'which is the next song could have been much better if it had been abit faster and if there would have been no chorus which is really bad.'chains of misery' and 'the apparition' should have not been kept in the album as they are the most unmaidenish and worst songs of the cd and probably two of the worse songs ever made by maiden. 'judas be my guide'is avery good song with an excellent chorus.'weekend warrior ' is also one of the better songs of the album.Now this is what makes me give this album a 4 star rating ,the track closer 'fear of the dark' which is prabably one of the best songs by maiden ever.It has got a soft opening followed by some of the fastest and best guitar works of maiden with an excellent display of vocals and lyrics.
B000056VIY|5.0|After thourghly enjoying Jennifer's 1999 seven million selling debut On The 6, I was in stiches for J.Lo.  On The 6 had been a constant CD in my CD player since June 1 of 99.  So, when J.Lo finally arrived I was first in line to grab the CD.  As you all already know, the CD's first single was the dance floor R&amp;B shaker &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing.&quot;  It quickly became a Top Five Hit, and now the album has gone #1!  With On The 6 however, I didn't love every single track.  I had hoped for more dance songs, and less ballads for J.Lo, and that is exactly what u get.  There is two,only two, R&amp;B ballads on here, and tight as hell.  &quot;Come Over&quot; is a sexy booty call with a killer bass, while &quot;Secretly&quot; really shows off Jen's improved vocals over the past two years.  Other than that, there is the mid tempo, incredible &quot;That's Not Me.&quot;  ONe of the best tracks off the album.  After those three songs, the rest are all dance.  U get a mixture of dance however, you get very funky dance(Play), killer R&amp;B dance(Dance With Me, That's The Way, etc)  an amazing disco/techno song similar to the old hits of the 70's(Walking ON Sunshine), Retro 80's(I'm Real and Play yet again) along with Latin dancing for the very catchy and memeroble &quot;Aint It Funny&quot; and the affectionate &quot;Carino.&quot;  As if that wasn't enough, you also get a steamy and sexy duet with Chayanne on &quot;Dame(Touch Me)&quot; and a the dance pop song &quot;Si Ya Se Acabo&quot; both song is Spanish.  Absolutely do not wait to get this album.  It is gonna be one of the biggest hits of the year, there will be no escaping it.  Get ready, J.Lo is here and staying.  AND COMING TOA  CITY NEAR YOU IN LATE SUMMER FOR HER FIRST EVER NATIONAL US TOUR!
0684853523|5.0|This is my first review -- which should say something in itself.  Rare is the book on writing that you are unable to put down -- but that's exactly what this is.  He takes you from the first word to the last word, wakes you up in the middle of the night and you keep going until you are finished!  His words build and renew the writer, give them hope and the method -- as I said on the title, it's worth the money and you will be happy that you bought and read this book!
6305265666|4.0|Ever After is my favorite Drew Barrymore film.                     Unfortunately, this 5 star movie can only receive 4 stars from me because of the lack of special features included on this DVD.  There really isn't any.    But the film is amazing.        It is funny, sad, frustrating, poetic and victorious.   In the film, it says that this is the true tale of Cinderella, and the story then proceeds to be told.  Anjelica Houston is pure evil as the stepmother of Danielle.       It really makes you hate her.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I admit it: I don't love the Beatles for intellectual reasons.  I love them because their music rocks my soul and because Paul McCartney rocks my heart.  And so, innocently, I adore this album for the simple reason that it makes me feel good, it makes me dance, and sometimes it even makes me cry.  If you like to have fun when you listen to music, don't live a minute longer without this CD that has all the best stuff and way more tracks than almost all regular Beatles' albums.  But if you want to concentrate on anything else while you listen, this CD's not for you--it's impossible to listen to without singing and dancing along.
6304178352|5.0|My Fair Lady is a timeless classic and it is probably one of my favorite musicals. I love absolutely everything about it: the songs, the acting, the exsquisite costumes, beautiful sets, the delightful humor and the brilliant acting. This movie defines what great musicals are all about. Audrey Hepburn, what can I say. She played the role of the coarse and unrefined flower girl Eliza Dolittle to absolute perfection. The way she played the role was so convincing and the way she could grasp that cockney accent was sheer brilliance. Rex Harrison as the role of the bitter and sexist pig Professor Higgins, was amazing. I must say that not only is he sexy but his acting proved to be nothing more than perfect. Rex and Audrey make a terrific team in this movie, they really shine. My Fair Lady how sweet it is!
B00004XOWM|1.0|is it just me or has todays music totally gone down the tubes, not all of it but most of it.  Weve got a bunch of copycat pop singers who cant sing, weve got a little white rapper wining in every lyric and bashing people who arent like him, and then this brings me to limp bizkit themselves.  the rap/core crap.<br />Limp bizkit's latest crap-o-rama is just the same as their previous one, a bunch of loud wining that the mtv generation loves, i hate my generation of music, all it is now is how many t-shirts and posters a group can sell, its lost all of the heart it once had back in the 60's, 70's, some 80's and early to mid 90's but in the 2000's music is just plain crap.<br />So if you have limp bizkits previous one dont bother with this one because your getting the same thing.
6300246787|5.0|This is one of Barbera Streisand's best movies. She is absolutely perfect for the role as Dolly Levi. She just shines in this movie:her acting is amazing, her singing just takes my breath away and she is just gorgeous.&quot;Hello gorgeous!&quot; I love musicals because I have been in musicals my whole life and musicals just amaze me as did this movie. The costumes and sets were gorgeous,the dance numbers were done to perfection, the singing and harmonies blended so well together and besides romance it had humor. Walter Matthau was made for the role of Horace Vandergelder, no one could have done it better. He is an amazing actor and although he can't sing that great his superb acting and delightfully sarcastic humor makes up for it. Michael Crawford as Cornelius Hackel is so hilarious and amazingly adorable. His character is so lovable and the movie would not be funny without him.Hello Dolly is not just a movie for adults but for all ages and I love it so much that even after watching it over and over I never get tired of it. Hello Dolly is a classic movie and is one that should be cherished for many years and even centuries to come.
B000056VIY|1.0|This album is so bland and a serious fall after her first album.
0446310786|5.0|The book To Kill A Mockingbird is a good book!  The plot was just about two kids and what happened one summer.  I liked the book because Harper Lee did a good job at describing the charaters.  My favorite character in the book was Jean Luise Finch (Scout).  She did not act like a little girl, she acted like a boy throughout the whole book.  Jem was an okay character but he got boring because he grew up and his sister grew up but she still acted like a boy.  I recommend this book to everybody because it will hold your attention throughout the whole book.  Nothing in the book is worth disliking!!!!  To me the book did not have a lesson but to other people it might.
0345440757|2.0|We bought this book because we saw Tracy Hogg on Dateline NBC and I really fell for it. Of course every parent wants their baby to be happy, understand them better and meet their needs. I thought this book would provide some &quot;Secret&quot; but I was sorely disappointed. I don't think that most parents will be able to &quot;fix&quot; their child in 3 days as she claims.<br />This book makes you feel if you have not followed her advice from day 1, you've already ingrained bad habits in your child through &quot;Accidental Parenting&quot; and that now you have to undo all your negative reinforcements. Reading this book was not exactly great for my self-esteem because according to Tracy we have been doing everything wrong for 6 weeks, like demand feeding and rocking our baby to calm her. We bought all the things she said were &quot;bad&quot; for your child, like the bouncy seat and swing. I feel that some of these &quot;props,&quot; as she calls them, do work for many parents and shouldn't be completely banned.<br />I think you need to really think about her advice and whether it can apply to your child. It's not a bad book, but I think you need to take it in context with other parenting books and take just the bits that work for you.<br />Just a note -- the audio tape is murder. We bought both the book and the tape, and if you think &quot;luv&quot; gets old in the book, just listen to her say it numerous times in the tape! I actually had to turn the tape off because her voice and accent were getting too annoying.
B00003CX8I|5.0|This movie is (okay i'm going to use an English word here) BRILLIANT!!  The action sequences are fabulous and the plot is outstanding.  I couldn't have asked for a better movie.
6304057709|5.0|This is (in my opinion) the finest of all movies based on Jane Austen novels. An extremely fine cast and beautiful English settings, along with Emma Thompson's beautifully written screenplay make for a fine evening for all hopeless romantics! This is a story of two sisters who lose their dowry due to their father's death and all the money goes to his first son. Elinor's sensibility is contrasted against Marianne's (superbly played by Kate Winslet) lack of sense in pursuit of romance as each girl endures various obstacles pertaining to the objects of their affections. Each sister endures and grows to find the true love and happiness that they've always hoped for. The soundtrack is also an asset to this movie.
B000058T5E|5.0|This is pure genius.    You can't buy an album with more inspiration.   Jeff Beck has put together one of his best albums again.   It's hard to describe how great it is in words.    One can only listen to it and enjoy.
1878424319|1.0|While this book offers some thouhtful suggestions, close reading reveals much of the philosophy presented here to be in direct opposition to the truths expressed by the Bible. This book encourages you to create your own reality, to make no distinction between right and wrong and in effect, fire your conscience. It states that &quot;evil is nothing but a disease of the human mind&quot;. It claims that our point of view is the only one that matters. It states &quot;we realize that the point of view that other people use to see the world has nothing to do with us&quot;.It refers to some basic beliefs of Christianity as &quot;mythology&quot;. I could go on but I think Christians should keep their Bibles nearby if they read this book so they can prove to themselves this new age philosophy is not compatible with Christ's teachings.I recommend referencing Hebrews 4:12,13
0375501851|5.0|I received White Teeth as a gift a month ago and I was immediately intimidated by its length, design and the fact that it was written by a woman only a few years older than me.  When I finally garnered up the courage to enter Smith's world, it was as if I boarded a British Airways flight to London to spend the week with Archie, Samad, Irie, Milat and Magid. First and foremost, I had fun. I felt like I really got to know the characters (their hang-ups what made them tick) and their situations: Samad's inner struggles with himself and his sons, Irie's unrequited love for Magid, and the hilarious elitism of Joyce and Marcus Chalphen around the dinner table. The backward manner in which Smith weaves her events, not dissimilar to  Tarantino's film Pulp Fiction, is so sophisticated and works no well in the novel form. I can't possibly convey all of the magic of White Teeth, so I'll have to urge you to go out and pick it up.  You'll finish it yearning for more. Smith's voice is so unique that I have no doubt we'll be reading her books for years to come.
B000002UD0|4.0|Walls and Bridges is not a classic CD like the Beatle's Revolver, Abbey Road or the White Album. Walls and Bridges is also not as consistant as Lennon's own Plastic Ono Band and Imagine are. Walls and Bridges is however a very good CD. Like Mind Games, the biggest flaw of Walls and Bridges is that Lennon did not hire an outside producer to help him edit the bad songs out of the project. And like Mind Games, Walls and Bridges suffers from not having some of the songs properly arranged and flavored. But also like Mind Games, Walls and Bridges has some classic songs on it. #9 Dream is a outstanding single and was one of Lennon's biggest solo hits(#9 on the charts). Old Dirt Road is one of those high quality yet forgotten Lennon solo songs. Whatever Gets You Through the Night was a number one single that Lennon recorded with Elton John. When Menlove Avenue was released in 1986, it contained early versions of many songs from Walls and Bridges. When heard without the big arrangements from Walls and Bridges, these songs are stronger on Menlove Avenue than what was released on Walls and Brides in 1974. Still, if you are a John Lennon fan and you are wanting to dig a little deeper into his catalog than his greatest hits, Plastic Ono Band or Imagine, then this is a fine purchase.
038541627X|5.0|You won't be sorry to read this book.  This edition collects some of the finest and most clever short stories from a master writer.  Each story speculates on our future and on the state of humanity; not dry, but through humor and twists of imagination.<br />This book includes about 50 short stories, ranging from 2-30 pages each, including &quot;Nightfall&quot;.<br />If you have the chance, read &quot;Jokester&quot; first on page 123.  You'll never think about humor again in the same way.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|Every song on this album is amazing, and despite the other reviews, individualized. There is not one less than excellent song on the whole record, a feat hard to perform these days. ATDI bridge multiple genre's into a seemingly effortless perfomance of energy and strking originality. They are a breath of fresh air in the current musical landscape, and its great to see a smaller band emerge from the back stabbing underground scene, they have clearly worked for it and deserve everything they get.
0790729628|4.0|(This is NOT about the story, characters or the plot)<br />I bought it, saw it and almost hated it.<br />For me, the primary setback is the greatly reduced quality of the film and of the music.<br />In this, the directors cut, it seems the director/editor &quot;forgot&quot; that the music was written for the 'original' film. So for the directors cut it was greatly misplaced in some important places. Since Vangelis music does atleast one third of the movie, this is a disaster.<br />The quality of the film, when displayed from a standard dvd to a standard tv-set is really bad. It looks worce than a bad vhs in the same configuration. Comparred to the LD version this is a total piece of *...(excuse the choice of words). I can not and will not accept this poor quality... <br />And where is all the extras?<br />I rated it a 4 because it still is in my &quot;top 5 movie&quot; list. But do not bye this dvd-version cause it is not worth it.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is the reason I started to get into reading as a kid.  Since then, i have read it 2 more times, and each time, it seems better.  I'm not usually a big fan of science fiction, but this book really moved me.  I really had a hard time putting it down.  I can not say enough about this book - the style is excellent and easy to read, the plot is well developed, and the characters are surprisingly realistic.  Even if you don't particularly like science fiction, I think this book would still appeal to you.  You can feel the character's emotions as if you were there yourself.  Card's descriptive style is incredible.  By the first 30 pages, you already feel a connection to Ender (the protagonist), in which you can't help but find yourself rooting for him.  Also, the author's potrayal of society and the government and its role in the story really makes you think.  Everyone I've recommended it to(which is a lot of people) really loved it as well.  I also recommend the book's sequel 'Speaker For The Dead'.  Its nothing like the first book, but still just as good.  Read Ender's Game first though, and if you liked it, then read the next one.  You won't be disappointed.
B000002534|4.0|An incredible assemblage of tracks.  The first four tracks, &quot;Spring Manifestations&quot;, &quot;Canto de los Flores&quot;, &quot;Life is New&quot;, and &quot;Give and Take&quot; all merge together to create an eclectic and enjoyable medley; the last four also are merged, yet if listening and not looking at the cd display, it is almost impossible to tell when one of these tracks starts and the one before it ends. I really enjoy the mix of jazz, rock, and latin styles. People looking for an album with a variety of styles should definitely check this out; however, if you're on the 'Supernatural' bandwagon, I would recommend staying away-it would be a waste of your money to buy this.
0425166805|3.0|This is an author that you really need to read his earlier works to follow him. Not this this is a difficult read, it isn't- but because he expects the reader to make quantum leaps with him at times. In my opinion this is not one of his better works. None the less he is consistent in his style and topic. He is an absolute authority on this subject, even if he is one of the very few people who give academic weight to his theories. His reasearch, his facts and suppositions are all impressive. Read it to follow the Von Daniken trail but don't start with this one
0553277472|3.0|My immediate reaction after reading this book was one of ambiguity: Moby Dick and Time?  Reality, the white whale, or rather, the ghost of rationality, manifests itself as the insuperable and the innocent so cleverly in this book and yet, through the archeology of memory, time too is added into the formula.  Is the &quot;inquiry&quot; skimpy or economic?  A second reading made me see that the unnecessary development of certain theories through both the narrative and the analysis were bogging the true ideas down so much that synthesis is literally impossible in such a short space.  And so, philosophically, the book contributes little.  But then, taking the narrative events and the rather intriguing semiotic treatment of memory, an artistic lustre becomes apparent.  It is unfortunate that Prisig chose to write a &quot;chautauqua&quot; instead of a novel.
0385486804|4.0|I really enjoyed Krakauer's Into the Wild. I thought it was a uniquely composed story jumping between fiction and non-fiction which consistently kept the reader on their toes. The anecdotes, shifts of time, family situations, and interviews all added to the depth and powerful message of this book.       I personally felt a connection with Chris, Everett Reuss, Jon Krakauer, and the other people who in this book who took the step away from society and (almost selfishly) followed their hearts. I thoroughly enjoy the outdoors, and feel I too can &quot;get away&quot; through solitude with nature. I thus believe that this book has a double entendre: to show the many people like me that we are not alone with our passions and urges. Knowing we are not alone is a very powerful message! A sense of camaraderie can soften reckless inner urges and keep people with adventurous passions under control.      In conclusion, I enjoyed reading this book and enjoyed connecting with the many adventurers within the book.
B000059Z8J|5.0|This is one of the best films adapted from a comic book, not ruining the intent of the original.  Through time Hollywood has messed up adaptations by focusing on effects and adult content.  Superman has good effects, especially being that they were created 23 years ago.  Superman II was equally as awsome, but III and IV are fair, but interesting.  I remember going on opening night as a kid and noticing the grand scale this film reached.  Not to be missed.
0385486804|4.0|I really enjoyed Krakauer's Into the Wild. I thought it was a uniquely composed story jumping between fiction and non-fiction which consistently kept the reader on their toes. The anecdotes, shifts of time, family situations, and interviews all added to the depth and powerful message of this book.       I personally felt a connection with Chris, Everett Reuss, Jon Krakauer, and the other people who in this book who took the step away from society and (almost selfishly) followed their hearts. I thoroughly enjoy the outdoors, and feel I too can &quot;get away&quot; through solitude with nature. I thus believe that this book has a double entendre: to show the many people like me that we are not alone with our passions and urges. Knowing we are not alone is a very powerful message! A sense of camaraderie can soften reckless inner urges and keep people with adventurous passions under control.      In conclusion, I enjoyed reading this book and enjoyed connecting with the many adventurers within the book.
B000002L68|5.0|After his commercial breakthrough with 1999, Prince decidedthat his next move would be to make a film based around his lifegrowing up in Minneapolis.  The film garnered some good reviews anddid okay at the box office, but it was its soundtrack that explodedand made Prince into a megastar.  The album mixes rock, funk and souland is one of the best albums released in the 80's.  &quot;Let's GoCrazy&quot; opens up the album.  It opens with a church organ andPrince giving a sermon on life and then explodes into a guitar drivenrave-up.  &quot;Take Me With U&quot; slows things down a bit and&quot;The Beautiful Ones&quot; has a gorgeous chorus and sweet melody.&quot;Darling Nikki&quot; has an electronic beat and is an ode tomasturbation.  &quot;When Doves Cry&quot; is Prince's masterpiece.  Itis a one man tour-de-force as he plays all the instruments, sings allthe parts and produced and wrote the song.  It opens with a Hendrixlike guitar flourish and slides into a syncopatic beat.  Prince startsoff in a spoken word style before ending up in a screaming firestorm.The last three songs are all recorded live and done in a song suitestyle.  &quot;I Would Die 4 U&quot; is song of devotion and it slidesright into the bouncy braggado of &quot;Baby, I'm A Star&quot;.  Thetitle track closes the album and is a long, slow burner that containsguitar work that Eric Clapton has called some of the best he's everheard.  The album was immediate smash, spending an amazing 24 weeks atnumber, spawned two number one hits (&quot;When Doves Cry &amp;&quot;Let's Go Crazy&quot;), two other top ten hits (title track - #2,&quot;I Would Die 4 U&quot; - #8) and won Prince Grammys and anAcademy Award.
0449002632|5.0|Few authors are capable of maintaining genuin interest in a subject throughout 1100+ pages, but Rutherfurd manages not only an interesting story, but one you will not be able to put down. Fastpaced exitement on every page.
B000002LHX|5.0|On the soundtrack to Tim Burton's blockbuster hit Batman, Prince perfectly captures the mood and theme of this dark film.  The movie looks at Michael Keaton's Batman as the Dark Knight, deep, intense &amp; brooding.  The songs on the album about him reflect that mood.  &quot;The Future&quot; opens the album on a dark, ominous note and then slides into the frantic &quot;Electric Chair&quot; while &quot;The Arms Of Orion&quot; and &quot;Trust&quot; follow Batman's relationship with Vicki Vale.  Prince also captures the manic, crazed persona of Jack Nicholson's Joker in the funky &quot;Partyman&quot;.  The album's closer &quot;Batdance&quot; is menagerie of film dialogue, funky beats and sound effects that gives the listener as kaleidoscope image of the film.  Even though Batman is about a film, it comes across as one of Prince's most personal albums.
B000002NC4|4.0|Built to Spill are an interesting, hard-to-classify band, which is needed, I think. I don't like all of their work, but this album is very good. It's really hard to describe their sound if you haven't heard it -- there are bits of the Smiths in them, Flaming Lips, Pink Floyd, even Led Zeppelin -- but those elements are seamlessly forged into a new alloy.<br />These are LONG songs, which, in itself, is a clear alternative to the usual pop format. But while they are long, they are not boring -- they sort of define their own space for their six- to eight-minute spans and create a lovely mini musical universe you can inhabit and truly lose yourself within. Trippy? Yes, but in a smart way, not sloppy. Try listening to them with headphones, and you'll see what I mean.<br />Simultaneously hypnotic and energizing, Doug Martsch's songs stick in your head. I particularly like &quot;Stop the Show&quot;, which awesomely builds on itself in power; &quot;Randy Described Eternity&quot; is the opening track, with an instantly ear-catching riff. &quot;Velvet Waltz&quot; is way cool, and I feel it brings out most keenly the assorted influences of BtS.<br />This is a very different-sounding band, so prepare to be surprised and  intrigued by what you hear. I give it only four stars because I have to be in the right mood for this album, and Martsch's nasally singing sometimes gets to me, although I think it works more often than not.
B000002L9B|4.0|Under The Cherry Moon was Prince's second movie and in a word it's awful.  But the soundtrack album, Parade, is anything but.  It continues Prince's streak and contains some great songs.  &quot;Kiss&quot; is an immediate classic, with it's skittering guitar riff and Prince singing in a high falsetto, the song shimmies out of your speakers. It became his third number one single.  While that is the highlight of the album, other good songs abound including the strangely titled &quot;Anotherloverholenyohead&quot;, the swinging &quot;Girls &amp; Boys&quot;, &quot;Christopher Tracy's Parade&quot;, &quot;New Position&quot; and &quot;Sometimes It Snows In April&quot;.
630439845X|2.0|If you like contrived, pretentious, artsy sophomoric junk, then you'll like this. I didn't. The only reason I'm not giving it one star is Anna Paquin is great.
B000002MT0|3.0|Come is another just okay effort from Prince.  He manages to shine on certain tracks like the 10 minute title track, &quot;Papa&quot; &amp; &quot;Space&quot;, his heart only seems half in it on tracks like &quot;Loose!&quot;, &quot;Orgasm&quot;, &quot;Race&quot; and &quot;Dark&quot;.  He deserves kudos for branching out more into social commentary, but most of the tracks sound like they were leftovers.
0767832248|5.0|This the only movie that ever made me cry and kept me thinking about it a week after I saw it. You do not want to miss this. Robin Willaims is great and Robert De Niro is simply amazing as Leonard Lowe.This right away became a favorite of mine.
B000002KMV|4.0|Controversy is the album between two masterpieces, Dirty Mind &amp; 1999 and is often overlooked.  While it is not as good as those two albums, it is still an excellent effort.  The title track is a classic Prince song, mixing a rock guitar riff with a funky groove, the song is a frontal assault on the rumors swirling around him at the time.  The album contains more songs about sex like the very good &quot;Sexuality&quot;, &quot;Private Joy&quot; and &quot;Let's Work&quot;, but &quot;Jack U Off&quot; and &quot;Do Me Baby&quot; seem forced.  He dives into political commentary on &quot;Ronnie, Talk To Russia&quot;.  &quot;Annie Christian&quot; is his first look at a theme that will permeate alot of his future music: religion.
2877142965|5.0|Having previously only read the very beginning of Victor Hugo's Les Misrables, I wasn't very interest in the story, but then I went to New York and saw the show performed on Braodway, and that was enough to send me back reading.  All in all, I think that if it is possible for you to read and understand in French, this book is the way to go, because it is Hugo's original words.  You may also find it useful (as I have) to purchase the English translation in order to better understand the story.  This also gives you a chance to nitpick the translator.  This is definately a masterful story.
B000002LE6|2.0|Prince had recorded two albums at the time of the release of Love Sexy.  One was by the good Prince (Love Sexy) and the other by the bad Prince (The Black Album).  The story goes that the good Prince won out and Prince released Love Sexy.  The album is full of positive notions about love and God.  The problem is that the unreleased Black Album(it was released in a limited edition several years later) was far superior to Love Sexy.  &quot;Alphabet St.&quot; has a nice funky groove with a guitar riff reminiscent of &quot;Kiss&quot; and is a good song, but the album doesn't offer much else.  One would be better served to find a copy of the Black Album as that contains some of the darkest, deepest, funkiest grooves Prince has ever committed to tape.  Love Sexy just doesn't match up the high standards that he had set with his previous 80's releases.
B00005214X|5.0|This music makes my tears flow because I love it so much.  Thank you George! I remember getting on a motorcycle and zooming to the record store to buy the album on the first day when it came out in 1970.  The thrill is still there!  God I love this man!!!
B000002KLP|5.0|After two competent releases, Dirty Mind showed the true musical genius of Prince.  The album is full of tight grooves, beautiful melodies, tremendous singing and slick production.  The album is also one of the most sexual explicit ever released.  Every song deals with Prince's favorite subject: sex.  The title track opens things up and establishes the album's theme.  &quot;When You Were Mine&quot; has a swirling organ and a sweet falsetto.  &quot;Do It All Night&quot; and &quot;Gotta  A Broken Heart&quot; find him finally mastering the art of the ballad while &quot;Uptown&quot; is a thick chunk of funk.  &quot;Head&quot; is about just what you think it is.  The album was hailed by critics everywhere as a masterpiece, but due to the overtly sexual themes, the album didn't garner much airplay and thus sold disappointingly. Despite the lackluster sales, the album showed the genius of a man who at the time was only 22.
B000021XS0|5.0|After their last release - &quot;Falling into Infinity&quot;, I was hoping for the rebound that it seems like I rarely get any more once a band takes a step backward (can we say Queensryche).  Dream Theater surpassed my wildest expectations with &quot;Scenes from a Memory&quot;.  While Falling into Infinity was not as bad as some critics have indicated, it was definitely a couple of steps down from their two previous albums to it.  Scenes is a totally engrossing CD which is quite a roller coaster of tempo and complexity.  While no song is quite as catchy as their signature song &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; from &quot;Images &amp; Words&quot;, the quality of this CD as a whole is superior to Images.  The band seems to have really grown and the addition of Jordan Rudess on keys has added additional emotion to Petrucci's amazing guitars.  James Labrie is in classic form.  No one in metal (or really an other genre) sings a ballad with the passion of Labrie.  Dream Theater continues to master the ability to play a 10 minute song and still leave me wanting more.  While this should have the standard DT disclaimer &quot;Not for the simple minded pop music fan&quot;, a fan of progressive rock should snatch this up in a heartbeat.  If you rate CD's by how long they stay in your player, it may take a while to rank this one as it will be months before it comes out of your player.
B000002N9L|2.0|Chaos &amp; Disorder is a bunch of outtakes that Prince gave to his record label merely as a means of helping fulfill his contractual obligations.  Prince felt as if he was a slave to label and the music included here has a hard, angry edge. It's quickly obvious why these songs were outtakes, they're not very good. The album's one saving grace is that it contains some viciously good guitar work by Prince.  He is a highly underrated guitarist, but he let's it rip throughout the album.  This one is for Prince completists only.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|Running with the Devil may open this album but it is Eruption that sets the tone for this album and next five the band would record. Eddie and Alex's take-no-prisoners attitude, David Lee Roth's banshee-like scream, and Mike Anthony's rock-solid baselines signal the arrival of one of the best rock bands of the late 1970s and early 1980s.<br />Those of us who are fans of the band would tell you that there are no less than a half dozen VH classics on this album (Running with the Devil, Ice Cream Man, Jamie's Cryin' to name a few) and there isn't a single skipable track on the entire thing.<br />If you're looking for an introduction to Van Halen I would definately recommend this album, perhaps even before I would the Best Of.
B000002L7R|5.0|Around The World In A Day had the unenviable task of being the follow up to the megahit Purple Rain.  It is of course not as good as that album, but it is still a great album.  The album finds Prince exploring the psychedelic sounds of the 60's.  The album has a mystic, kaleidoscope sound with some vivid lyrics.  &quot;Raspberry Beret&quot; is a classic pop song and one of Prince's best.  &quot;Pop Life&quot; and &quot;America&quot; take a political bent with the former being a particularly great song.  The album closes out with two songs &quot;The Ladder&quot; and &quot;Temptation&quot; that have Prince exploring religious views.  The album became his second in a row to go to number and showed that Prince was as versatile an artist as there was in music.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Even before this special edition hit the market Aliens was one of my favorite sci-fi films. However, the 17 minutes of added footage now make it one of my favorite films, period. By now most people know the story of Lt. Ripley and her encounters with the acid-bleeding, face-hugging, goo-oozing aliens. But in this installment of the series, Ripley becomes more human. We get the chracterization that Ridley Scott's Alien did not give us. The addition of new footage (some of which had been aired in a TV nearly a decade ago) gives us even more of this characterization. We're made to feel the impact of the human loss on LV-426. We understand in more detail Newt's situation and why exactly Ripley bonds with her so quickly.<br />If there's any justice in the world Aliens Special Edition, like the special edition of Cameron's The Abyss, will stand in the future as the definative version of the film.
0375704027|5.0|When a Japanese friend presented this book to me, implicitly urging me to read it, I was naturally skeptical. I don't pick up a book just because someone has recommended it. When I hesitated, she gave it back to me without a word. The simple, resolute force of her presence demanded that I read it. I started the book very grudgingly. Little did I know how deeply I would feel for this book when I was finished.<br />This is one of the very few books I wanted to reread immediately after finishing it. I simply did not want it to end. The book may be finished in one sense, but it still haunts me, just as Toru remembers Naoko.<br />The quality of Murakami's writing is so exquisite that it is the literary equivalent of &quot;making it look easy.&quot; Some reviewers have commented on the simplicity of the story, but there are so many layers of emotional complexity and genuine depth that the illusion of simplicity is truly deceptive. <br />When I learned what became of Naoko late in the book, I was so shocked that I had to put the book down for a while. While it may have been expected, Murakami reveals it so bluntly that it took all the wind out of my sails. His expert timing caught me at an especially vulnerable moment. By that time, I realized how closely I had bonded with these characters. I identified with these people as though they were my own college friends.<br />I was moved by this story in a way I've never felt from any other novel. I won't be able to listen to the Beatles' \\"Rubber Soul\\" again without thinking of Naoko, Toru, Reiko, Midori, and everyone else.<br />I can't bear to part with &quot;Norwegian Wood,&quot; even though it belongs to someone else. I will patiently wait for the Japanese-style two-volume set of the same translation. ...
B00004XONN|4.0|I bought this after it was recommended buy this girl at the record store. She implied that Radiohead are &quot;better&quot; than the Beatles ever were. It may be hard to make senses of such a comparison but one thing is true- this is one of the only popular bands that is still generating innovative music and that alone is reason enough to buy the damn record.
B00003CXDG|3.0|After seeing bad movies such as Charlies Angels and Boys and Girls, I was thinking I probably really end up liking M:I 2, but instead I found it the ,most disappointing movie in a while. At least with Charlies Angels and Boys and Girls, I wasn't sure if they would be good. This I knew would be good. But after all the hype, it just becomes a disappointment.     Tom Cruise playing in a role worthy of Arnold Shwartzeneger, and yet he could have done a better job. They is plenty of action for the thrill seekers, but not enough suspense for the jaded. It turns tired, a little long and the plot seems like it should have been done in a 30 minute TV show.     Shockingly the best part of the movie is shown on the previews. But the previews don't show enough. The seen I'm talking about is when Tom Cruise throws his sunglasses, and they explode, then it goes into a mindboggling  cool opening sequence.     Mission: Impossible 2 isn't all bad, it has a sexy heroin, a very neat cameo by Anthony Hopkins and some very nice action sequences. But since it is a plot that doesn't seem good enough for one of the biggest hits in years, it all falls flat.     Mission: Impossible 2 just finds itself doing a Matrix impression.
B000001F3C|5.0|I wasn't even alive when this was released which shows how well U2 stands the test of time. The songs are very emotional. This is my favorite U2 album, but I also enjoy Joshua Tree, October and Boy.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|I love this movie. I give it 5 stars for humor. The wayans family has made us all laugh with in living color, dont be a menace to south central... And there latest film scary movie, will make you die from laughter.
B000002J09|5.0|This album is essential to everyone. It appeals to so many different sides of me and I never get tired of it. It is the ultimate Zeppelin album and showcases their talent extremely well.
0553274503|5.0|This is a wonderful and highly original novel about a mentally challenged man named Charlie who wanted to be smart. One day, his wish was granted. A group of scientists selected him for an experimental operation that raised his intelligence to genius level. Suddenly, Charlie found himself transformed, and life, as he knew it, changed.<br /><br />His story is told entirely through Charlie's eyes and perceptions in the form of progress reports. The reader actually sees the change in Charlie take place, as his progress reports become more complex, well written, and filled with the angst of personal discovery and growth, as well as with his gradual awareness of his amazing and accelerated intellectual development.<br /><br />The progress reports are a wonderful contrivance for facilitating the story, and the reader is one with Charlie on his voyage of self-discovery. What happens to Charlie in the long run is profoundly moving and thought provoking. It is no wonder that this author was the recipient of the Nebula Award which is given by the Science Fiction Writers of America for having written the Best Novel of the Year. This is definitely a book well worth reading.
B00004Z400|5.0|Yes is the answer, or, more to the point, this album is the answer. Everyone needs to know that you don't have to like the current crop of disposable rap-metal (e.g. Limp Trizkit) to like this album. This is a record that transcends its genre, much in the way OutKast transcends stuttery gangsta rap or Tori Amos' 'From the Choirgirl Hotel' transcends whiney white-girl rock. The production is phenomenal on this disc and, as is the case with all my favorite albums, is good front-to-back. Put this on for a good long drive and you can go to end to end without skipping a track. Personal favorites include 'Digital Bath,' 'Elite,' and 'Knife Party.' I personally love the closer 'Pink Maggit' and I'm glad it's as long as it is. Bottom line: Deftones display the full range of their abilities on this meticulous yet brutal LP that'll stay in your CD collection long after P.O.D. and Korn are being featured on 'Where Are They Now?: The Rap-Metal Edition.'
B0000027I6|5.0|This album is touching, morbid, intelligent, dark, poetic and completely seductive. Enough said? The ONLY 5 star effort by a solo Floyd (at the moment) - go buy it!
B000050XEI|4.0|If you enjoyed Enya before this CD will probably please you.  It is her most earthy-sounding release (to contrast her spaciest one, Shepherd Moons), reminiscent of a garden party.  Perfect production and vocals (a little too perfect for some), the main flaw is the bit of predictability, (also found on the former The Memory of Trees).  The lyrics are sometimes about more down-to-earth topics such as relationships to alternate with the more recently typical \\"stars are shining ... follow your dreams\\" types of sentiments, but much of the latter (due to the shallow surplus on her releases anymore) has definitely hit the unsatisfactory limit of \\"Hallmark card\\" appeal for me.  A Day Without Rain is a quick listen, but certainly worth it to me for ONE BY ONE and LAZY DAYS.
0380796090|4.0|This is an excellent first novel to be followed by Lucy Sullivan got Married and then Rachel's Holiday which will leave you holding your sides in parts.  Buy all three.
B000002IP1|5.0|I love this record - it brings back good memories for me (late 80s and early 90s). &quot;Father to Son&quot; is a great track to listen to when you're feeling down - the lyrics are comforting ('Somewhere down the road you're gonna find a place, etc..'). &quot;I wish it would rain down&quot; is just classic. Phil seems to scream his heart out near the end of the track and Claptons guitar is superb! &quot;Find a way to my heart&quot; is a good piece of pop music and soooo uplifting. Again the lyrics are great and the feelings discussed are universal and easy to relate to - problems with relationships, friendships etc. I know a lot of people turn their nose up at Phil Collins, cause they've only heard stuff like &quot;You can't hurry love&quot;, but give this one a chance - it's hard not to like But Seriously. If you like &quot;In the air tonight&quot; (and most people do) you'll like this album - the songs here are just as good as that track and there's 12 of them!!! Even though I prefer Gabriel to Collins; I still reckon this is as good as anything Peter has done...
0385486804|4.0|It was interesting reading about the transition of a normal surburban life to a confused youth in search of true meaning in life. Chris McCandless was a youth like any other, one that children of the modern era can relate to in fact. Despite this commonplace up bringing, he found reason to search for truth in nature, based upon the writings of his favorite authors, one of which was Henry David Thoreau. The book is good in the sense that it helps us gain insight into a young man's transition from what we call &quot;normal&quot; to a recluse searching for more.
B000002LFU|5.0|For a brief moment, we had music you could dance to which didn't numb your brain, unabashed pop songs which pushed you up onto the dance floor and which you could always find something new in.  Yes, the album is polished and catchy and full of hooks -- especially the overplayed &quot;Pop Song 89&quot; and &quot;Stand&quot; which had a truly dreadful video, but surely it's not a crime to make music that just sounds, well, good -- and &quot;You Are the Everything,&quot; &quot;World Leader Pretend,&quot; &quot;The Wrong Child,&quot; &quot;Hairshirt,&quot; &quot;I Remember California,&quot; and the untitled 11th track haunt you long after the CD has finished playing.  Buy it and forget for at least an hour that Kurt is dead and we're back in the land of bubblegum teenybop with Britney.
B000006TRV|5.0|after reading the other reviews I can't believe these people call themselves pink floyd fans.  the wall is definately the best work they (or roger waters ) ever did the only thing better is the film version!
B000056HOZ|5.0|Never owned the VHS version but always had those memories of the MTV videos of the past. No hesitation in purchasing the new DVD Anthology, especially in the expanded version. Also really wanted to experience the 5.1 Dolby Digital upgrade with this offering. The 5.1 is truely an upgrade sonically ! Don't put off getting that DVD machine any longer.   Is great cruising through the old videos, and also seeing old concert footage --Thunderroad, both versions of Born to Run, Tunnel of Love tour footage, etc. Add the 2nd disc to the picture --brought up to the Reunion , and it nicely covers the span. A very satisfying product I must say. It assuredly is a 'must have' for the Springsteen enthusiast, collector, fan, believer.  Would also highly recommend the other recent release &quot;Blood Brothers&quot; . And here's hoping for an additional treat with the possible release of a Reunion Tour DVD .
B000058T5E|4.0|I am a BIG Jeff Beck fan and own just about everything he has done. This CD features some very unique and interesting experimentations.  As such, this is not your usual Jeff Beck CD. It ranges from shred--&quot;Earthquake&quot; written by Jennifer  Batten, to mid-eastern--&quot;Nadia&quot;, with a little blues--&quot;Rollin and Tumblin&quot; with vocals by Imogen Heap performed ala R.L. Burnside, with rock mixed in.  If you are interested in Jeff's blazing guitar, check out the CD &quot;Who Else&quot;, which for $7.99 used on Amazon is a steal.  However, if you like a little of everthing, this is not a bad choice.  Highlights on this CD are &quot;Loose Cannon&quot; and the melodic &quot;Suspension&quot;.
B000058T5E|2.0|I loved blow by blow.  As a Jeff Beck fan I thought wow.  I did have it coming.  However, what is with all that very hard rock.  Could barely hear his wonderful guitar.  What a shame.  To loud, and to hard.  Sorry Jeff!
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This compilation surprised me.  What an eye-opener to learn what Beatles songs had NOT become &quot;hits!&quot;  When you've been a Beatles fan since the very beginning, their body of work just blends together into a single, rich, magical experience.  Some of my favorites are on this compilation, most are not.  For example, nothing from Sgt. Peppers or the &quot;White Album&quot; is included here because the tracks from these works were never released as singles, so none had the chance to climb the charts.<br />Nevertheless, the CD is decidedly worthy of five stars.  However, it loses one star in my book because of sonic quality.  No remixing or remastering here.  Each cut appears to have been spooled directly from the original decades-old masters.  After listening to the stunning remastering/remixing achievement of the new &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; CD, I know the engineers can do better.  For example, &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; on &quot;1&quot; sounds dull and thin after hearing the brilliant \\"Yellow Submarine\\" remix.  A disappointment.<br />Still, listening to this CD gives me a great appreciation for the Beatles' truly remarkable body of work.  Not necessarily because of what's included on this CD, but for reminding me of their prolific classic material that never had the chance to became &quot;hits.&quot;
6302101743|3.0|A struggling Wild West show discovers dinosaurs on the loose in Mexico, and decides to exploit the discovery. The true star of this movie is the stop-motion animation done by the master of non-computerized special effects, Ray Harryhausen. Crisp color photography adds to the pulse-pounding scenes of prehistoric predators. The production problems of this movie help explain its lack of commercial success. A weak script and wooden acting also detract from the enjoyment. The plot drags and takes too long to get to the \\"monsters of the lost valley\\" part. Once the special effects kick in, things get more lively. The scenes of riders roping Gwangi are thrilling. The show-ring battle, however, between Gwangi and the elephant is not up to RH's usual excellent standards. The elephant is obviously an animated model. The segment copies an earlier RH film, \\"20 Million Miles to Earth.\\" Gwangi rampaging through the Mexican town recalls King Kong rampaging through the streets of New York, but the comparison ends there. The spectacular fire in the great cathedral is an exciting visual display. Dedicated collectors of classic sci-fi films or steadfast fans of Ray Harryhausen will want this one for their collection, regardless. ;-)
6304602979|4.0|True Romance, Sounds like a mushy chick-flik your old lady would drag you to on a slow friday night, right? WRONG. So is this movie mis-titled, not at all. Christian Slater is truly a True Romantic in the Tarintino written flik, just not in the way Hollywood may have prepared you for it. Of course the name Tarintino on it SHOULD bring that to your attention right away.       Out to show Patrita Arquette just how much he loves her, and that he will do ANYTHING for her. Including taking on gangsta Gary Oldman (Oldman in dredlocks is a sight to see), and treking cross country on the lamb. This is just the start mind you. You will see, and FEEL, his love for her. Through a roller coaster of altercations with guest stars and cameos to numerous to list, Slater and Tarintino show us what True Romance is all about in the real, and modern world. This is NOT boy-meets-girl, boy-marries-girl, all-is-well. This is boy-meets-girl, boy-and-girl-enter-a-world-of-hurt-because-of-thier-love-AND-DONT-MIND, BECAUSE they love each other. Strongly recomend this picture to everyone. Add a star if your a Slater or Tarintino fan, or if you LOVE loads of small guest star parts. NOTE OF INTEREST: Unlike most other pictures he works on, Tarintino is NOT in this picture.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I say to all the people out there who are criticizing M:I-2 for not being like its predecssor: puh-leaze!  The first film was a pretentious thriller that had a storyline that was a WHOLE LOT simpler than people were taking it for.  M:I-2 has no pretensions as to what it is: a pure action film.  If you want to nitpick at this film, go ahead, but it's a lot more fun to just enjoy it for the action entertainment it is.  Anybody who actually gives this movie one star because of a &quot;dumb&quot; storyline is pretty stupid himself to think that this film (or even the first one) was supposed to have a mind-blowing script in the first place.  I mean, the trailers showed exactly what this film is all about and anybody who saw it and still expected a brilliant story is an idiot, plain and simple.
079073463X|5.0|Two people desperately in love; a jealous character; sounds pretty basic for a love story, right?  So why should Ladyhawke be any different?  Ladyhawke is different because it's not just a love story; it's a love story mixed with an abundance of fantasy that enriches the plot to an unbelievably amazing point where it becomes unique forevermore.     The complex plot consists of characters whose lives are intertwined through fate.  The story is set in Aquila in the 13th century.  The Bishop of Aquila, played by John Wood, is enchanted by the beautiful damsel, Isabeau, portrayed by Michelle Pfeifer whom you might remember from Batman.  The catch is that Isabeau and Navar, the captain of the guard who is played by Rutger Hauer, are deeply in love.  At first, the Bishop is unaware of their secret love affair, but when Navar and Isabeau proclaim their love to a monk by the name of Imperious, played by Leo McKern, everything is ruined, because Imperious accidentally reveals their love to the Bishop.  Upon hearing this, the Bishop sets a curse on the two lovers.  The curse is that by daylight, he shall be a man and she shall be a hawk and by nightfall, she shall be a woman and he shall be a wolf.  This way they are never together as the same species.    The other character involved is Philipe Gaston, who is sometimes referred to as \\"The Mouse\\".  Gaston, played by Matthew Broderick, is a former criminal imprisoned in the inescapable Dungeons of Aquila.  Unbeknownst to anyone, he manages to escape through the drain pipes.  He becomes Navar's assistant throughout the rest of the movie.    The movie is heightened even more by the choice of music.  The music chosen had me tapping my foot and it made me feel a certain way about the upcoming events.  The music occurred almost every time Navar set off to another part of his journey.  It was a signal to me that the next scene, or few scenes, would be filled with suspense.     In terms of scenery, most of the movie was set in the forests outside of the main city.  There is also a lot of emphasis on the sun setting and rising, which is relevant to the terms of the curse.  There are also several pictures of the hawk in front of the sun, often when it is rising or setting.     Colors are also a large and important part of the movie.  Generally, white represents purity, black represents death and the sun represents new life.  All of these colors are symbolic of certain ideas.  Ladyhawke uses reverse symbolism.  Whereas white might symbolizes purity, it instead symbolizes evil, because the Bishop's robes are white.  Another example is Navar's outfit.  His outfit is black, which most often symbolizes evil, and yet, Navar is good.  The reverse symbolism is another factor that enriches the story and makes it unique.       If you haven't seen these movie, all I can say, is try to think of your situation as a curse, like in Ladyhawke.  If you haven't seen this movie you have been under an evil curse.  It would be for the best to break this curse by going to a nearby movie store, plucking this movie off of the shelf before anyone else, and racing home to watch it straight through.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Oh, boy, what a lame action flick this is.  The story is so bad, involving stealing cars or else some guy's brother is going to get killed, yet you have to wonder why the bad guy decides to let the brother go before all the cars are stolen.  Shows the kind of thought that was put into this.  Oh, and for anybody who would say that the plot doesn't matter in a movie like this, it's only for action, then the total lack of car chases doesn't help matters, either.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Have you ever seen a video of one of the Beatles songs?  &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, &quot;Ticket to Ride&quot;, &quot;Hello, Goodbye&quot; are three I've seen recently.  What always amazes me (besides the sheer low budget of the vids) is the smiles on the four Beatles faces.  These guys always look like they're having a ball.  They can't believe that they're so popular.  They're just having fun.  And this exubarance, this good humour comes across so well in their music.  <br />It's interesting to listen to the Beatles mature over the 27 songs on &quot;1&quot;.  The song I like the least is the very first, &quot;Love me Do&quot;.  Everything improves from here.  The Beatles hit their stride between tracks 10-15.  Here you have &quot;Help!&quot;, &quot;Yesterday&quot;, &quot;Paperback Writer&quot;.  The album slows down near the conclusion.  And the final track &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; is almost sad, indicating the Beatles knew it would be their final no.1.  <br />This is my first Beatles album.  I don't know much about the history of these legends but I'm desperate to find out.  &quot;1&quot; is a brilliant compilation because it introduces a whole new generation to the 1-derful work of the fab four.
B0000029DD|5.0|..and also one of the best cds of the 90s too. Jeff's musical style and voice might have brought him huge stardom in the US eventually. He was like a god in France. His musical was anything but commerical at its time. His lyrics and the structure of his songwriting was just not contained and bottled up enough for radio. He did have a minor hit with Last Goodbye.  Anyways we can all speculate on what might have been. When I look at today's crop of artists who have a strong-hold on the music buying public I cringe.  Jeff is everything that pop music isn't. His voice is one of the very few that can affect me even futher than just touching my heart. Every song on here from his originals to the covers is excellent. Nuff said, just go and buy it.
B00003CXBK|5.0|WOW! This has to be one of the most inmpressive Anime DVDs I have ever seen! The features are nice, but its a bit skimpy on extras. It has Japanese, French, and English tracks (the English dub is almost perfect). The subtitles include the English script titles and English direct translation from Japanese. The movie itself it excellent with a great story and characters. It grabs your attention from the beginning and holds it to the end. The video looks great with vivid colors and no visible distortion. The audio comes in 5.1 English, 2.1 Japanese, and 2.1 French. Even if you aren't a fan of Anime, this movie will leave you in awe.
B000058T5E|5.0|While the techno aspects are criticised by people, I find its implementation done well. Jeff Becks music is about the music and is not a fashion statement. So whatever supports it is used. <br />If you enjoyed his last album you will love this. Maybe the lack of fame has allowed Jeff Beck to continue to be creative and practice his art whereas in others the fame has killed their art and taken away from a sense of exploration.
0783227272|5.0|This film is excellent.  The criticisms surrounding the making of this film are baseless - do not pay them any heed when purchasing this movie.  It is a perfect addition to the socially-conscious individual who cherishes feature film as a learning and teaching medium.  This film is excellent
B00000JG41|4.0|This is my second fav. Mr.Bungle album of the three I own. (the self titled album being my fav. &amp; Disco Volante falling into a distant third). This CD starts off kinda lame with a slow, yet pretty Hawiaan type song that has really grown on me. It's a nice,mellow song that you could listen to.... The next song is something completely different and it is more abbrasive and it just doesn't follow any logical order coming immediately after such a slow paced song. That is basically how this whole CD is. Almost every other song is abbrasive &amp; those inbetween kinda kick it down a notch. The slower songs are significantly more harmonious than the faster, more corrosive songs. Mr.Bungle can not be put into a specific category of music seeing as they really break the mold of all other previous genres of music. I would have to liken Mr.Bungle to Primus. If you like this sort of music, well then I would have to say that this CD is worth the money. California aint too bad at all. Enjoy. =cD
B00003CXE7|5.0|The movie itself is great.  I like this DVD version because it comes with the extra stuff -- historical background about gladiators, how the movie was made, etc.  I think it's definitely worth owning.
0671034065|5.0|MR. PERFECT was nearly perfect--a perfect blend of romance, suspense, humor, and great characterization.  The suspense didn't overshadow the romance and the romance didn't overshadow the suspense.  Jaine was an utterly delightful protagonist and Sam was indeed a &quot;Dream Man&quot;.  I'll definitely be buying Ms. Howard's next hardcover based on how great this one was.
B0000048CX|1.0|This is not the real YLT at all. Definatley their worst effort, just a curio. With YLT giving us some country influenced ditties. Instantley forgettable. Buy every other album by them first, and get this at the end if you must. If you like country. Then go ahead. But beware!
0385486804|5.0|This novel portrayed the truly personal motivations that caused Chris McCandless to throw opporuntiy and promise by the wayside in hope of finding truth and inner tranquility in nature. Despite having achieved more than most, his resentment towards our empty society drove him to seek answers in a harsh Alaskan frontier.  His individual spirit felt contained by societal standards, standards he despised.  Chris was not crazy.  Simply, he was a seeker.  He wanted answers.  Most humans want answers.  Most of us decide to either accept the ones we are given or live without knowing.  Chris wanted none of this.  He sought answers, his own answers.  His individuality has caused some to question his intentions.  Some doubt his sanity.  Christopher McCandless was perfectly sane, saner than most.  He simply wanted to find HIS own conclusions and stop allowing others to lead HIS life.  A feeling many have, yet few act upon.  His adventure cost him his life, but provided him with a newfound happiness he had never come to know.  I admire Chris McCandless and so should you.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|This is a jaw-droppingly good metal/punk album.  The whole CD blazes with energy.  They remind me a lot of awesome live Fugazi and Janes Addiction shows, back in the day.  They have a really fresh sound, really cool guitar experimentation  - not more of the same detuned Korn-type metal guitar.  This CD really works its way into your head.  The word must be getting out about these guys - They're on a long european/world tour now.  I can't wait 'til they get back to the states.  If they sound this good on record, the live show will probably knock you down.  If you're a metal fan, and you've never heard of At the drive-in, take a chance on this one.
6300208591|4.0|this movie is cool because Marcello hangs out, parties with the 'in crowd', and trashes somebody's apartment in Rome.  but seriously, this is another must see of Fellini's (8 1/2 of course) and definitely a msut if you love Rome.  if you're familiar with the cities monuments, smells or people you'll really enjoy this.  while not quite aspiring to the philisophical pretentions of 8 1/2, and not quite as visually appealing, this film rocks and you better see it!<br />this reviewer also recommends 'Wild Strawberries', '8 1/2', 'Cinema Paradiso', 'Goodfellas', 'Raging Bull', 'Home Alone 6', etc.
0684853523|5.0|Whether you're a Stephen King fan or not, after reading _On Writing_, you'll have to admit that the man knows his craft. And he knows how to deliver his information in a winning, page-turning way. If you're serious about your writing, you'll want to read this book and add it to your library. As the editor of Doing It Write!, an e-newsletter on writing, I've recommended it to my subscribers. <br />The first part of _On Writing_ is autobiographical, some of it quite funny. I was laughing so hard on the plane, I had to stop and read passages to the guy in the seat next to me. Not only is the stuff about King's childhood interesting, it establishes the tone for the entire book. King doesn't lay out pointers in a \\"how-to\\" manner, he makes you feel as if you're in the room with him, having a one-on-one conversation. Some people might be put off by the peppering of four-letter language, but, to me, it was just part of King's \\"voice.\\" He doesn't hold back. And because of that, you feel you're getting the truth from him.<br />You can learn a lot about King's life, as well as the recent car accident and King's resilience. But what you really come away with is an understanding of why Stephen King is the master of his genre and the master of his craft.
B0000048CX|1.0|This is not the real YLT at all. Definatley their worst effort, just a curio. With YLT giving us some country influenced ditties. Instantley forgettable. Buy every other album by them first, and get this at the end if you must. If you like country. Then go ahead. But beware!
0385472951|4.0|If Hannibal Lecter were a lawyer instead of a man-eating serial killer..he could be Patrick Lanigan.  Patrick lives a mundane life working for a prosperous law firm.  He spends years preparing for the moment to throw his plan into action and escape unscathed with 90 million dollars to Brazil.  This book is a great all-nighter.  It's like silence of the lambs meets &quot;Jackie Brown&quot; the movie.  I highly recommend this Grisham's fans who are losing intersest in his past few books.If you like stories like the Shawshank Redemption  (Stephen King) you'll love this one.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This anime is an epic.  Both in story and proportions.  Simply put, it is the most complex, deeply involving, and entertaining movie to hit the big screen in a long long time.  It is true that there are intense violent scenes and slight gorefests in this movie, but they are relatively brief and not over emphasized.  I do not however recommend eating while watching the last half of the movie :)  The movie's beautiful scenery and lighting effect really draw you into the story.  You forget for a few moments that this is an anime!  I myself am a conservative, so I understand how some people get upset over the environmental theme, but the message is not really screaming at you.  It is played out in a well thought out, complex storyline that portrays nearly every character as both good and evil.  They are not simply bad or good, but both at the same time.  A very well thought out story indeed.  I still warn you that there is indeed a very graphic scene with the pig god as he is consumed by demons, and this film is not for the faint of heart or weak of stomach.  If you can handle predator or alien though, you can handle this.  I highly recommend anyone to at least give this movie a try.  Try to see past the violence and environmental issues, and focus on the highly entertaining story within.  You wont be disappointed.
6301025083|5.0|a great film with all kinds of stuff goin on.  beautiful cinematography (the opening sequence at a spa - every 80's CK add stole it's imagery), great acting (Marcello is dope and so is Anouk), transcendental and metaphysical retributions (what the hell does that mean??) and it's in Italian (my favorite lingua).  only thing missing is a young Sophia Loren (for that, check out 'Marriage Italian Style') who is one of the most beatiful actresses ever.<br />you'll enjoy this movie more if you see it sans subtitles, but still worth seeing if you hate foreign films in foreign languages...this reviewer also likes 'La Dolce Vita' and 'La Citta Delle Donne(Fellini's take on feminism)'.
0679879269|5.0|Familiarity with the prior novels in 'His Dark Materials' is essential for an easy understanding of Book 3 of the series. The Amber Spyglass continues the adventures of Lyra and Will, who journey to a dark world while an amber spyglass involves the world in war and chaos. The plot is complex and evolving but counts on a background developed in the prior books.
B0000048CX|1.0|This is not the real YLT at all. Definatley their worst effort, just a curio. With YLT giving us some country influenced ditties. Instantley forgettable. Buy every other album by them first, and get this at the end if you must. If you like country. Then go ahead. But beware!
