B00005JNEI|1.0|Michael moore has no idea what he is talking about. He makes things up and you people believe it.
B000MRAAJM|4.0|There's not much more I can say - this is a beautiful documentary. Each episode follows a different ecosystem (forests, oceans, etc.). The producers have taken care to find interesting and new wildlife in each, not simply filming the familiar suspects from wildlife documentaries in blu-ray quality. There are some extraordinary memorable moments, such as a bunch of baby ducklings jumping out of a tree and bouncing in leaves.    My only complaint with the series is that each episode follows ecosystems rather than continents. This means the same episode (\\"Grasslands\\") covers wildebeest in East Africa, antelope in Central Asia, yak in the Himalayas, and caribou in North America. This means each episode jumps around the world and tends not to spend much time in any particular place. This can also become confusing if you don't pay attention to where the scene is at a particular moment. I personally prefer viewing an episode about a particular region and learning more about it.    Despite the geographic jumping around, the footage is incredible and well worth the price. I would also highly recommend [[ASIN:B001W79MQS Nature's Most Amazing Events [Blu-ray]]], made by the same team.
B000ZN802W|5.0|I loved the movie. It was excellent and seemed to be truthful without the hollow-woody sometimes interjected into true movies. Even when he got beat up by the Rail Road Detective, I was scared from him, because I have heard of that evil man before, how he beats hobos to death, but luckily our character was spared that dismal fate.<br /><br />For those of you that feel stuck in a rut, WATCH this movie, then get out and enjoy life. I've lead a wild life through the Caribbean as written in my book \\"Hurricanes & Hangovers\\" by Dear Miss Mermaid and it was the best thing I ever did, was take off for the Caribbean when everyone else said \\"No!  You must be miserable like us!  How dare you run off and have fun!\\"<br /><br />I enjoyed the brief part about Slab City, another place that fascinates me!  Great film, excellent scenery, very good acting.<br /><br />A high five on this movie!
0743455967|4.0|This is a cut to the chase, keep it simple book that is a valuable read for any aspiring writer.  Author Stephen King shares a streamlined approach to writing that stems not only from his experience in the business, but from those gut instincts of storytelling that have made him so successful.<br /><br />While King offers some tool box basics for being a successful writer, he emphasizes that first & foremost you must LOVE reading & you must love reading A LOT.  King maintains that the knowledge gained through reading is the best tool in understanding what works in the writing world & in developing your own writing style.  In addition, King is very adept at conveying writing concepts that might otherwise elude the writer.  One such concept is the writer's ability to get the reader to see what they see.  King describes a scene in which there is a rabbit in a cage that is sitting on a table.  Several visual details are given regarding this scene, but there is one detail in particular that draws the reader's attention the most.  It is therefore through this detail that a sense of telepathy is created between the writer and reader, and with this tool of \\"telepathy\\" the writer can continue to maneuver the minds of readers.<br /><br />King also offers touching, unpretentious snapshots of his life starting from childhood all the way through the accident that put him at death's door in 1999.  Through these snapshots we are able to witness firsthand the journey of a person who is \\"one of us\\" to a person who is a famous writer, a journey that doesn't come off as so impossible due to King's humble and honest relating of the events.<br /><br />This book is a sort of writer's GPS system that provides a strong sense of direction via the most efficient route.
0452289963|5.0|After \\"The Power of Now\\", I didn't believe there was anything left to be said. I was wrong.     \\"A New Earth\\" is completely fresh, very powerful, and an essential complement to the original.    Eckhart Tolle writing is simple, his points are crystal clear, and he gives us examples as he guides us along the path to self-discovery.    Simply put, this is one of the most important books written.
1416955070|5.0|I have to say I disagree with the other reviews.  I throughly loved these books and have recommended them to several people.  The characters are easy to identify with and to understand.  Though I am glad that I read reviews on the third book before starting the series, or otherwise I might have had a serious problem with the inuendos of incest.  When I recommend the books, I always give fair warning that things are not what they appear so don't give up on them.  I love how the issue of Alec's sexuality is addressed in all three books.  I even recommended these books to a school teacher friend who is gay and told him how well it was addressed.  Having been around that community for over 20 yrs, Ms Clare was very true to the nature of a love not returned when one is gay and the other is not.  And it is very common that adults around someone who hasn't come out can be totally clueless.  So Ms Clare stays true to form.  I would love to see more books from Ms Clare.  I think she has a talent for writing fantasy in a modern day setting.
B002ASVYWS|5.0|This album is simply brilliant - as the band itself admits this is an album of lures. It is a very detailed sound, you will be equally happy to have this pounding away ambient in the background , or sitting down an having a close listen - either way, there is a depth of sound that I believe is truly a step forward, a natural progression, from Themata. Thats what you want - a band that takes its best sound forward and builds - worth every second of the long wait - that is how the best do it - take your time, make it complete, make it good, craft it thoroughly, no filler tracks. Support these boys - they are in the teenage years of a band life that will endure to bring quality so very rare these days.
0316017922|5.0|Having just read a number of negative book reviews of Outliers from major publications, particularly Alex Beam of the International Herald Tribune who cites a number of other nay sayers, I have to conclude that the criticism is largely just sour grapes by less successful writers. Malcolm Gladwell bravely takes on large, complex topics and looks at them from a unique angle. In Outliers Gladwell focuses on success and the role that luck, timing, genius, culture, socioeconomics and hard work among other aspects play. Because his writing style is simple and elegant and he is able to communicate effectively to the masses, other writers have accused Gladwell of being short on substance. But this is hardly the case.<br /><br />Without going into every detail of his book, which I think other Amazon reviewers have done very well, I will simply say that Gladwell has done the world a great service by popularizing a theory that quantifies what it takes to become an expert at anything: \\"the 10,000 Hour Rule.\\" This idea is truly revolutionary; that through prolonged study amounting to 10,000 hours in any field from music, using the example of the Beatles, to computer programming, tracing back Bill Gates personal history all the way to childhood, one can become an expert. For all the parents out there who want the best for their kids, this is also a revelation. As Gladwell rightly points out, 10,000 hours really is a considerable amount of time to focus on any one field. But it clearly can pay off.<br /><br />The one thing I question about the idea of \\"the 10,000 Hour Rule\\" is that it does take a special type of intelligence and focus to be able to zero in on a specific field of study for that amount of time. I believe for most children and adults it would be impossible for them to focus for this prerequisite length of time. They just don't have it in them or they get distracted by other interests. The star pianist discovers boys at age 13 and gives up playing, or whatever. In the U.S. educational system there is also an emphasis on avoiding becoming a one dimensional automoton and the best universities emphasize looking for multidimensional people. So this is the main problem I have with Outliers.<br /><br />However, in summary, I think Outliers is a fantastic read and I highly recommend it.  It will make you consider our world in a whole new light. I have read all of Gladwell's books and look forward with much anticipation to his next work. For all those people out there that say Malcolm Gladwell is just stating the obvious in Outliers, why not just spend the time and effort writing something smarter?l system there is also an emphasis on avoiding becoming a one dimensional automoton and the best universities emphasize looking for multidimensional people. So this is the main problem I have with Outliers.    However, in summary, I think Outliers is a fantastic read and I highly recommend it.  It will make you consider our world in a whole new light. I have read all of Gladwell's books and look forward with much anticipation to his next work. For all those people out there that say Malcolm Gladwell is just stating the obvious in Outliers, why not just spend the time and effort writing something smarter?
0930289234|5.0|I am a huge fan of Moore's League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen, but had never read Watchmen. So after reading From Hell, I picked it up. I was stunned and read it in one day. Couldn't put it down.
0765342294|5.0|I like Science Fiction just fine but must not love it because there have been many years I haven't read even a single SciFi title. I had read a few of the standards over the years without much prompting and recommend them all - Frank Herbert's Dune Series, Philip Dick's Valis Trilogy and Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? (became the movie Bladerunner), Asimov's I, Robot, Ray Bradburry's Farenheit 451, Robert Heinlein's The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress, Arthur Clarke's 2001: Space Odyssey, C.S. Lewis's Out of the Silent Planet trilogy, and I'm sure others.<br /><br />My son Merrick introduced me to Orson Scott Card and his child genius Andrew Wiggin - Ender. A slow start - probably because of my own low expectations - and an ending that was so unexpected that it made me want to read the book again. Immediately. I'll leave it at that so I don't even stray towards a spoiler. My reading of preferred genres goes in streaks I admit, but I devoured all the books in Card's series as quickly as I could get to them: Speaker for the Dead, Xenocide, Children of the Mind, Ender's Shadow, Shadow of the Hegemon, and I'm sure I'm leaving something out. (Thanks Merrick!)<br /><br />Ender grows up in a home with a cruel older brother, Peter, and the love of his life, Valentine, his older sister, the only one who doesn't seem to resent his brilliance. Card does have an ability to see the future - his description of communication over the Internet before Al Gore had the thing really up and going is amazing - and in a world of overpopulation Ender wasn't even legally allowed to be born. Peter and Valentine are both eligible to be selected for Battle School but Peter's anger turns to lethal hatred when it is Ender who is chosen to train as a fighter to repel a hostile alien forces's next invasion.<br /><br />My description may make this sound trite but the psychological, moral, and physical conflicts are brilliant and emotionally exquisite. Off topic: Did 'they' ever make the Ender movie? I saw ads so I'm sure they did. Was it any good?<br /><br />Like Frank Herbert in the Dune books, as you read through Card's series you find an author who doesn't just create other settings or even worlds - but whole cosmologies complete with religions, races, histories, and complex moral dilemmas, including definitions of the soul and consciousness. (Yes, there are some slow sections, particularly in Xenocide, but the whole experience is more than satisfactory.)<br /><br />Just a note or two about Card. He is a descendent of Brigham Young and graduated from BYU and the University of Utah, and did doctoral work at Notre Dame. He served as a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. While passing through Salt Lake City on a Delta flight I saw that he has also written the novels Sarah, Rebekah, and Rachel and Leah, which are known as the Women from Genesis Series. The Internet says he lives in North Carolina now. I don't know anything about his ongoing personal religious life but would simply observe that as with other author's from a high identity religious background, there is a discipline and training of thought that seems to spawn a counter-intuitive imaginative freedom with the ability to dream up huge, comprehensive, and interconnected realities as he's done in his Andrew Wiggin novels.hey did. Was it any good?    Like Frank Herbert in the Dune books, as you read through Card's series you find an author who doesn't just create other settings or even worlds - but whole cosmologies complete with religions, races, histories, and complex moral dilemmas, including definitions of the soul and consciousness. (Yes, there are some slow sections, particularly in Xenocide, but the whole experience is more than satisfactory.)    Just a note or two about Card. He is a descendent of Brigham Young and graduated from BYU and the University of Utah, and did doctoral work at Notre Dame. He served as a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. While passing through Salt Lake City on a Delta flight I saw that he has also written the novels Sarah, Rebekah, and Rachel and Leah, which are known as the Women from Genesis Series. The Internet says he lives in North Carolina now. I don't know anything about his ongoing personal religious life but would simply observe that as with other author's from a high identity religious background, there is a discipline and training of thought that seems to spawn a counter-intuitive imaginative freedom with the ability to dream up huge, comprehensive, and interconnected realities as he's done in his Andrew Wiggin novels.
6301607929|5.0|picnic is one of my favorite films, ive watched this several times, and i think the array of characters from this little kansas town is wonderful, its underlying theme i suppose is repression and people trying to break free from the roles that society holds them in, madge the pretty one, millie too intelligent and talented for smalltown kansas, Hal who has just gotta be something in this world, strange when i first watched this film i didnt like it, but it seems like many films or music albums ive come to love took me more then one listen or view to get into them, perhaps some artistic creations need a little extra time too make their impact, thats why i try not too quickly dismiss films such as this that i dont like upon first viewing, anyways i recommend this wonderful old film, be sure to see the widescreen version on this, the idea of Picnic panned and scanned is too much for me.thank you..
B001SN78JO|1.0|I normally base a lot of my purchase on what the consensus on Amazon says as it provides a lot better feedback than a reviewer, but frankly this movie was horrible.      I was expecting a \\"Liar Liar\\" knockoff with a few less laughs.  Instead it was a worn out and old looking Jim Carey who I'm pretty sure didn't even read the script.      Horrible movie.  Shame on you reviewers.
0393316041|5.0|This book is quite original, the intro of a innocent curiosity with radios, takes a turn into the literal. He outlines his lifes path, painted from a technical and non-chalant standpoint, and vividly spins a yarn about ivy league colleges, a inner circle of mathemeticians, physicists and science in the round. Sincerely a good read.
B0000019PA|5.0|You don't need to know so much about this record. If you are a reasonably sophisticated fan of pop and rock it will go into that special place in your rack or playlist with The Lion And The Cobra, Astral Weeks, The White Album, Siamese Dream, Scary Monsters, and London Calling. It is nothing like those albums, but is a gem just like they are.    And you will see why Anne Frank is remembered in unlikely places, and how the mind speaks its own dreamsong in the hands of someone strong enough to feel.
B001CD6FKI|5.0|I remember watching this movie in the theatre and was wondering WHY I considered this one to be \\"an ownable.\\" I love the Speed Racer characters and loved the old cartoon series and after taking a comic course by the author/creator of the Flight anthologies and the Amulet... my eyes were opened to the sheer brilliance of storytelling by the Wachowski Bros. They have grown leaps and bounds since the Matrix trilogy. Those movies simply had Neo presented with conditions that made him ask, \\"uh. What's that? Who am I?\\". - Question-Answer Plots - Come on. I am willing to bet my life that all of you (who liked the Matrix) fast forward to all of the action scenes. Right!?! Speed Racer on the other hand BEGINS with a superb and complex intro/flashback that explains SO many plot points within a race! I mean, the W. Bros. explain Speed's early relationship with his brother, his passion for the sport, his parents, the villains, Trixie - all are explained within ONE RACE! Not boring exposition - but on the GO! This WAS a cartoon movie beautifully translated into live action... and the W. Bros. passion for the content real resonated in this film.<br /><br />Everyone downs the movie...I mean everyone. REMEMBER, these are people who are just drawn/repelled by surface effects. The heart of the matter is STORY. The story is simple and that's OKAY!!!!! Think how simple YOUR favorite movies are. The hero's journey and so forth. The storyTELLING of THIS film was brilliant!!! I was NEVER bored by this movie and I'm happy I ignored the press and the terrible reviews. I just wondered how the W. Bros. could follow-up such a huge box-office success as the Matrix - and they did! If you're still wondering whether to buy or watch the film again you have to peel the onion to the core. I personally loved the visuals (I'm an artist. What can I say?) so they didn't bother me at all. There are a lot of \\"pretty\\" films that are quite boring and lack depth.<br /><br />This is a simple coming-of-age film with a protagonist who's faced with two professional routes. Speed could either go the route his brother took and go corporate or he could stay with his family's independent racing company. The W. Bros. CREATIVELY explain what happened to Speed's brother and the choice that he made. The real plot of the film begins with the challenges of Speed against a major corrupt organization...all told through racing!!!!!<br /><br />Give this movie a chance people. Believe me, this will be one of those movies that people will revisit and LATER get rediscovered!!<br /><br />Keep up the great work Wachowski Bros!!with a protagonist who's faced with two professional routes. Speed could either go the route his brother took and go corporate or he could stay with his family's independent racing company. The W. Bros. CREATIVELY explain what happened to Speed's brother and the choice that he made. The real plot of the film begins with the challenges of Speed against a major corrupt organization...all told through racing!!!!!<br /><br />Give this movie a chance people. Believe me, this will be one of those movies that people will revisit and LATER get rediscovered!!<br /><br />Keep up the great work Wachowski Bros!!
B00004TJLD|5.0|This is by far the best Hi-res PCM recording I have ever heard. It rivals the smoothness of SACD. Alan Parsons did a stellar job on recording this one the songs have so many layers that I never heard on the CD release. This is a must have for any audiophile or those just getting started into audio as a hobby.
B000DWMYQ8|1.0|I read all of the 1 star and 2 star comments and was shocked that no one mentioned the real problem of the movie...Everyone is just plain mean to Chicken Little. Why? Even the dad openly says that he's embarrassed of his kid. You would think that he would be extremely protective of his son ever since the wife's (hen's) absence. Chicken Little is surprisingly strong-willed despite the fact that everyone in the town considers him to be crazy and a loser. Other than the fact that he's small the characters all promote bullying. And what was the redeeming factor of the movie? The lead chick tells his dad that \\"he's never there for him.\\" Duh. ... My daughter is 2.5 and really didn't get the story. All she saw was bright lights, loud noises, and cute animals. She obviously liked the movie. There's no way I'll show this to her when she's older. I can just picture her asking me, \\"How come the daddy chicken hates Chicken Little?\\" ...umm
B00005JPNY|5.0|This is a review I have deferred for about two years to let the initial controversies surrounding this film subside.I loved this movie upon its' theatrical release and New Line has done the movie proud by the release of this two disc set.<br />Like the uproar by certain Church groups and related organizations over the Da Vinci Code material,this movie too was attacked by the same or similar groups for its' supposed \\"heretical\\" and/or \\"anti-religious\\" themes.I find these groups rancour quite specious and founded,on many occasion,on sheer ignorance of the material at hand for the single purpose of fear mongering in the name of \\"truth\\".It is appalling and disgusting at the same time.<br />Here is a quote by the author Phillip Pullman in an interview from Time magazine around the time of the films' initial release:\\"I wouldn't want to be a part of any movement that had an agenda...I'm not arguing a case. I'm not preaching a sermon. I'm not giving a lecture. I'm telling a story. Any position I take is that of a storyteller who says, 'Once upon a time, this happened.'\\".<br />Anyone can find just about anything in what they read,see and hear.As long as one is educated and armed with the facts,no one needs to be running off willy-nilly tilting at windmills.<br />The story here involves a parallel world to ours where \\"dust\\"(the stuff of life) connects everyone and everything in the universe.Lyra Belacqua(Dakota Richards)is an 11 year old whose \\"Uncle\\" Asriel(Daniel Craig)is a professor at a university who has discovered what he believes is the secret to this \\"dust\\" and mounts an expedition to the far north to prove it.However the Magisterium(the ruling body)wants him stopped as it would mean an end to their power and influence.During his trip he is captured and Lyra,befriended by Mrs Coulter(agent for the Magisterium)starts on her journey not only to rescue him but many friends and other young people who are mysteriously disappearing;courtesy of the Gobblers, the agents of the Magisterium.The head of her school(and friend to Asriel)gives her an Elithiometer(Golden Compass)which reveals the reality of any notion or event of the users wishes;the only one known to exist.When Mrs.Coulters' real and assumed purpose in \\"helping\\" Lyra becomes clear,Lyra escapes.During this time a group of water-faring nomads called the Egyptians step in and rescue her and assist her on her journey north.Along the way she enlists the help an aeronaut by the name of Mr Scoresby(Sam Elliot) and a polar bear in exile by the name of Iorek Byrnison(voiced by Ian Mckellin).Also a representative of the witch clan,Serafina Pekkala(Eva Green),joins in the quest.Iorek becomes invaluable to Lyra who in turn helps him re-unite with his polar bear brothers and claim his rightful place as king.After this she infiltrates the Bolvingar prison where all the children have been taken in order to seperate their bodies from their souls.A gigantic battle ensues near the end of the film with Lyra and her compatriots winning the day.The battle is not yet over though and as the movie ends she,a friend and Iorek sail away in Mr Scoresbys' air machine to continue their quest.<br />The movies' special effects are seamless in this film and constitute a big part of its' charm.Things like the retro but futuristic vehicles(both ground and air),the myriad of different animals that appear which contain people's souls and that constantly walk,crawl and/or fly beside them and most especially Iorek the bear that comes to astounding but believable life and who is an integral part of this film.All in all amazing to behold.<br />This set contains two discs and the first contains the film.Beautifully transferred with its original 2:35:1 aspect ratio and surround 5:1 sound.The second disc is chock full of specials including featurettes on Phillips the author,director Chris Weitz's screenplay,the character of Lyra,costumes,music,production design,a behind the scenes look at the films'opening in Cannes and promo tour,a closer look at the bears,the golden compass itself,daemons(the name for the animals that human souls inhabit),and many others.<br />In conclusion this a film for the family(for children of about 10 and up) to enjoy and savour.Its' storyline is lush and it grabs you almost from the outset.It is a time honoured good versus evil film done in a most imaginative way,with Lyra,Prof.Azriel,Iorek,Mr.Scoresby,et al on one side and the Magisterium,the Gobblers,its' rep Mrs Coulter and all their assorted henchmen on the other.The acting is top notch by everyone involved and the special effects are fabulous and bring to life one of its' chief and most beloved characters,Iorek the polar bear.This is definitely one that belongs on everyone's shelf.ook at the bears,the golden compass itself,daemons(the name for the animals that human souls inhabit),and many others.  In conclusion this a film for the family(for children of about 10 and up) to enjoy and savour.Its' storyline is lush and it grabs you almost from the outset.It is a time honoured good versus evil film done in a most imaginative way,with Lyra,Prof.Azriel,Iorek,Mr.Scoresby,et al on one side and the Magisterium,the Gobblers,its' rep Mrs Coulter and all their assorted henchmen on the other.The acting is top notch by everyone involved and the special effects are fabulous and bring to life one of its' chief and most beloved characters,Iorek the polar bear.This is definitely one that belongs on everyone's shelf.
B001IFZL50|5.0|The unfortunate aspect of creating art based around world events - specifically modern world events that are already shrouded in controversy - is the viewer brings an established mindset that will either progress or hinder their attachment to the material.     Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket was made a full decade after Viet Nam, so its anti-war framework was easier for the casual moviegoer to accept, where with Generation Kill we have an anti-war film (okay, television show, but in all fairness it sticks somewhat to the 3-act structure found in a film - the acts here based around the decline of morale) made smack-dab in the middle of an ongoing occupation. So you're either busy readying your Vote Palin 2012 banner or you're one of the hippy Rolling Stone-reading Elvis-sus described in the first episode, and either way Generation Kill is going to confirm your beliefs. Yes, the war didn't go as expected and many innocent people have died and continue to die to this day. And yes, Hollywood is generally more liberal than conservative so the things you see on TV are going to reflect this.     Moving passed that, which is the responsibility of the viewer as much as it is the filmmaker, does this product entertain and provoke? I certainly believe it does, and I also feel like many of the folks who have given Generation Kill a bad review came into it either expecting Commando 2: Blow up Baghdad Kill KILL! or are letting their political beliefs discard the show without holistic intake. It's not perfect. The action moments are cluttered and confusing at times, there are too many tight shots and not enough wider shots, the editing is often choppy (though this may be to emphasis the overall confusion), some of the acting is amateur hour, and after watching it you're not left with the emotional resonance you get from superior military flicks like Full Metal Jacket, Saving Private Ryan, etc. And comparing it to Band of Brothers also isn't fair, because 1.) That's a much better show2.) Iraq was a much different war than World War Two. There's no question Hitler was a threat to planet, whereas there's a whole planet of questions regarding our stake in Iraq. And that is what Generation Kill is about, and on that level it works very well. 4 1/2 stars.
B001IBIQU6|1.0|First of all, the hook on the single works only as a gimmick.  It's quick, repetitive, and somewhat abrasive.  There's a little redemption on \\"Peace\\" and \\"Fragile Tension,\\" but I can't tell you how much I do not like this album!  The interesting thing on this album compared to the last two is that the writing isn't that bad.  The production and performance is nauseating though!  It's the little blips and bleeps that seem to go nowhere slow.  There is a little semblence of a melody on this album.  Gahan's vocal has transformed into this constant moan and when Martin chimes in to hopefully inject some sincere emotion into the record, it's too little too late and even his vocal on \\"Jezebel\\" wears thin fast.    I have constantly tried to give Depeche Mode the benefit of the doubt and hope that there's a little left to salvage of this dinosaur act.  Admittedly, when I see them tour in recent years, the concerts turn out to be better than the recent albums.  But the albums are getting pathetic.  Some bands can keep going after 25 years.  I fear Depeche Mode is not one of them.    There are a couple standouts on the album - \\"Wrong\\" is okay despite it's repetitiveness.  \\"Peace\\" is pretty good and \\"Fragile Tension\\" seems to be one of the only good energetic tracks on the album.  But there are no tracks quite like Violator era Mode or even something like \\"Suffer Well,\\" (a jewel on the last album..written by Gahan and several others not in DM).  I think it's time to hang it up.
B000092Q7O|5.0|There is a lot to be said about the Holocaust by almost everyone, so whatever I can add will be a fraction of a much contemplated and discussed event of the abject inhumanity and abhorrence of this time period. The victim is the Jew, but the important lesson of the Holocaust extends far beyond the Jewish race because those who chose to look away and appease were not able to do so for long. The Nazis hunted everyone... the all-mighty power of France was occupied, and many of them acted as the Poles and gave away their Jews with pleasure; Great Britain, the most powerful nation for centuries before, had their very survival on the edge of extinction; the Nazis had even declared war on our beloved United States. So the identity of the Jew is not the focus; humanity was beaten, brutalized, gassed, demeaned, and raped of its dignity by allowing this to happen, and as the film shows when Hosenfeld and the other Nazis are jailed in Soviet Union prison camps, in any given situation, the twist of power and conceit can make what was once the victorious and all-powerful become the defeated and victimized.     Brody's acting is perfectly suited for the role, and there could not have been any better director than Roman Polanski telling this story. All the other details of the film are exquisite, and the screenplay, as an  adaption of the book (which I haven't read), is masterful and treated with the realism that only a skilled writer could evoke by research and contact with those who were there. Naturally Roman Polanski's own Holocaust survival plays an important contribution to the story, and the little details he adds-- such as when Szpilman is saved by a Jewish guard just before he is about to join his family on the deportation train to Auschwitz-- deliver a shuddering, nuanced drama to the story that is not formalized, but raw and honest to the reality surrounding this event. The guard yells, \\"Don't run,\\" and in the documentary special feature on the DVD, Polanski intimates that this was not Spzilman's experience, but his very own when he escaped from the Krakow ghetto.     The film is a huge undertaking and is unbelievably sobering. It leaves me with the unsettling and cold realization that humanity can be unspeakably, monstrously, disgustingly evil. It is important to  understand the enemy, to not appease with relative morality and pontification. In matters such as these, military action on the part of the allies was the only answer.       I add this as something to learn from this period, not as a supporter of war and the current situation we are put in now. The message of art and hope and peace and good people on all sides, even German, is not lost on me. But the distinction that should be made clear on this subject is that the atrocity and inhumanity of the period is the core of the event and the film's message of hope and individual survival is the heart of this story-- a beautiful story at that. Not everyone was strong enough or lucky enough to survive, so the story of hope is important, but understanding the bigger picture is paramount. This is Roman Polanksi's masterpiece and it is so much more than a film because it is based on real life. It is absolutely unforgettable; one of my top films of all time.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|An historic miniseries very well made, accurate, either in locations or in costums, casting very well choosen, I enjoied that
B002866UOE|5.0|What can I say about this album.  It has incredible \\"Energy\\" from beginning to END.  Every single song on this album is good, including the bonus stuff (I especially liked the remixes of BEP classics).  I used this album while walking in Relay for Life and I never wanted to stop!  The whole thing makes you want to MOVE!!!!  I am so happy that Will.I.Am said that this album does not literally mean the end of BEP, because after something this good, I'd love to hear more!  P.S.  Like the reviewer before me I'd recommend getting this at Target for $9.98, don't pay what their asking here no matter how good it is!
0061854549|5.0|Derman's MY LIFE AS A QUANT makes it clear that games & models are inadequate by themselves.  Dan Ariely, in PREDICTABLY IRRATIONAL: THE HIDDEN FORCES THAT SHAPE OUR DECISIONS, reminds us that traditional economics assumes that we are rational decision-makers.  The truth is that we are far less rational than we think & that we make the same types of mistakes over & over.  Helpfully, Ariely shares research that will enable us to \\"develop new strategies, tools, & methods to help us make better decisions.\\"  In fact, each chapter in PREDICTABLY IRRATIONAL \\"describes a force that influences our behavior\\" when making decisions.  Furthermore, if you enjoy gedanken, you will find that PREDICTABLY IRRATIONAL is excellent for priming your own thought experiments.
B0024F08RO|5.0|I have enjoyed this last finale season 4, it's as good as the three seasons only more twists and turns, more drama, more action, more characters, Iam really shocked with the shocking ending, I am not expecting that, but still a very good season, I just wish it's not the last season, but oh well, it made me entertained all these years.  The only thing I have hated and not fair about this dvd release is, it does not have subtitles of any kind, unlike the three other seasons, this is too bad for the hearing impaired followers and all those that needed at least an english subtitles.
0525421033|5.0|I have never been much of a reader, most books I found hard to get interested in. This book though just really intrigued me, I am so glad it did. Major kudos for the author. Mia, If I Stays' main character is not really in any click at her school. People know her and she has friends, I guess you could say \\"average girl\\" yet with an exceptional music ability. To me, Mia makes life very relate-able. Not her exact situations, but in having to make choices about life I guess I could say. It almost could be something like \\"a fruit loop in a bowl of oatmeal,\\" both breakfast but still a little out of place. To me thats how she came across with her family, I think also with herself. Which is common for a lot of people and its nice to find something to relate to. When the horrible accident happens she watches it all unfold not sure if its real or not, that is when you start to get to know all the characters and their past or history with one another. You really start to feel like they live next door almost and you've known them you whole life or something. As Mia watches the events unfold, she has the choice to make that could change her life, and everyones around her. If I Stay is beautiful for the fact that you can feel a families love come off the pages and not in a old school traditional way you might think. Its also bittersweet for the basic fact that life ends, people you care about cant always be with you, and sometimes you feel alone, tired, and empty. I finished the book within 5hours start to finish. I would give the book as a gift to ANYONE! I highly recommend it. Just because it has YA attached to it means nothing, all ages, men and women.
B00164GDD2|5.0|I love this movie.  I'm not going to spend any time talking about the plot or characters or anything else because we've probably all seen this movie a hundred times by now.    I have owned two versions of this film on VHS and two different versions on DVD and I can say this movie has never looked better.  Is it a reference quality Blu-ray?  No, and i didn't expect it to be.      The image is crisp and clear on some shots and washed and grainy on others, a result of the original print.  The audio is great and takes full advantage of a multi-speaker home theater unit.      All of the previously released special features are included in standard def while some new HD features have been added, including a new picture-in-picture mode that acts as a new visual commentary for the film.     This release provides the best viewing experience of Ghostbusters that you will be able to have.  For a price of less than $20, there is no reason that any true Ghostbusters fan with a Blu-ray player or PS3 should not pick it up.
1400063736|2.0|I must be in the minority here, but I couldn't get into this novel.  For one thing, I didn't find the subject all that fascinating and I didn't like the jumping around and having the story told by so many different perspectives.  A good concept, but in the end I didn't think it was very interesting.  I really wanted to like it, but it wasn't at all like I thought it would be.
B000EDWKXI|5.0|Casana had finally met his match!  The movie is very funny to see the wit of the woman Casana is falling in love with.  The is a romatic comedy.  As Casana shared his secrets with the shy guy, I found the same principles could be used by woman toward man.  This is definitely a must for woman of all age to watch!  Casana is very clever in catching the human nature of curiosity.  In the United States, we stress too much for a woman to catch a man.  Man prefers to be the hunter instead of the preyer.  A woman that is beautiful plus intellegence will still attrack her Casanova.  I love the movie and will recommend it to the singles who would like to meet the opposite sex and the couples who want to keep their fire of love burning.
1596680180|5.0|Fantastic clear instructions for all of the basic ways to do the braids, twists, knots, loops and weaves. Then you can create the 200 examples, in total, that the author shows you. The information includes how the techniques look using different materials. The book is a very good reference for making all sorts of cords for interior decorating, jewelry, sewing and all forms of handiwork. All instructions and work are shown in color. Also the book is spiral bound in order to stay flat for easy use.
0061767581|2.0|I bought this book because out of the casts for \\"Laguna Beach\\" and \\"The Hills\\", Lauren Conrad was the only person I cared about. I thought maybe this book will show another side of Lauren or maybe give an insight to how her life was while filming the shows. The book does that a little, but for me it was a very boring read. It almost sounded like something that should be turned in for an English assignment during your freshman year of high school.     The book wasn't bad, but it really had no point. Maybe it's because it is the first book in a series of three and it's just starting up, an introduction. There was nothing that was interesting in the book though. The only time I really enjoyed the book was when Braden and Jane were together without Willow. Braden is the only filled out character.     The writing style of the book was just too immature for me. It was an easy read, but the style was annoying. I wonder if this is what it is like to talk to Lauren.     I would just suggest that you watch \\"The Hills\\" instead. It is more real and has more content than this book. The parts of the book that mirror \\"The Hills\\" exactly are really annoying and show no creativity. Lauren should have just written and autobiography, that would have been more entertaining than this book.
0307408833|1.0|I have made two recipes and they taste nothing like the bakery's versions.  I have spent so much in ingredients, that I probably could have purchased them and had them shipped to me for less.  I made the banana bread and it calls for 6 medium bananas, way too much.  The pan overflowed and it took twice as long to cook.  They should just put exact measurements vs. 6 medium bananas.  I'm so afraid to try the other recipes because coconut oil and agave nectar are way too expensive.  This book just does not translate well and I feel ripped off.
B000P12LWY|2.0|The Tudors done for the Xena Warrior Princess fans. It's as if the Showtime Exec said, \\"we want a chick movie with soft-core sex to keep men interested.\\" So they changed practically the entire true story, keeping names only, with scenes that would go with a good Danielle Steele novel, properly overacted like a good Dynasty episode. Except the scenes where you see JRM jerking off -- trust me, imagining it yourself is SO MUCH better than the on-screen reality! (blecch!) In the end, it's a too-clever script detailing people who do little with their day except walk around posing and posturing (very different from the reality where even courtly ladies did daily chores for the kingdom), jerking off, taking themselves way too seriously, and pretending courtesans were lowly whores when they were more like Geisha. And why did they make Katherine of Aragon an old bag when she was reportedly a blonde blue-eyed beauty even at 40, and make her have one of those whiney Spanish accents when in reality she didn't speak with an accent? My beef is this: if they wanted a good historical story they should have done Mary Queen of Scots. She was an actual beauty, a leader of fashion, and there were tons of intrigues going on all the time. They wouldn't have had to change anything!
031606792X|5.0|This book series is one of the best page turners i have ever read. I had not read any part of this before the movie twilight came out. and hearing that the movie was (dumb) i never thought it would have been so good. I bought the first book and after reading it i went to the local libary to get NEW MOON but found that with even 2-3 books there was still a 16 person waiting list. i went to a differant libary and got lucky and found the last 3 (new moon, eclipse, breaking dawn. i read all 3 in less than 2 weeks  then read the entire series one more time. Even knowing were i could keep checking them out i went to amazon and found i could buy them super cheap and ordered the last 3 books. I then put my self on the libarys waiting list for the audio books. I got breaking dawn first (probably my most favored book of the series) and have listened to it at least 5 times in the last 2 weeks.
B001GCUO16|4.0|I never read the comic books. I just like to escape into a good movie--knowing I am not going to be challenged mentally. This is genuine fun with a story line that held my interest, great characters and excellent special effects. I don't know how you can pan this film. If you like the genre, you are going to enjoy this one!
B001FB4W16|4.0|So, this series is a blend of lots of R rated sex scenes along with lots of blood sucking and other scenes of violence.  As the season progressed, the acting improved and there were some welcomed surprises! The characters are developed nicely and as aforementioned, as they calmed down and relaxed as actors, they improved and it became a much more fluid and interesting story.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|Want to see the best in our world? Want to be inspired to make our world a better place? Songs Around the World CD + DVD will do this and more. Great music out of a fantastic concept. Music really is an universal language. This spring, I used several songs from the DVD as a discussion opener in my 6th and 7th grade reading classes. My students were captivated by the music and images, but also connected to the deeper messages of \\"Stand by Me\\" and \\"No More War.\\" Highly recommend for all ages--timeless.
1416594884|2.0|The prose is serviceable.  The air of ambiguity and the struggles of people to do good in a dirty world are nice touches.  But ultimately, this book is unbelievable.  The plot is one of those jigsaw puzzles where the individual pieces look about right, but in practice don't fit.  The characters are cartoon-like in their motivations.  Ultimately, this is a second-rate novel from someone who has written much better in the past.
B00004NJJQ|5.0|Some CDs are a collection of songs and some CDs are albums.  An album is a collection of songs that fit together in a fashion of flow that makes for an overall enjoyable musical experience.  This is one such album.  In their previous work, UFO billed themselves as a Space Rock band, which apparently meant a combination of Rock and Blues.  While maintaining that genre, the band moved the needle a little more to the Rock side on Phenomenon with their new guitarist, Michael Schenker.  \\"Doctor, Doctor\\" was the single from this album, but their cover of Willie Dixon's blues classic \\"Built For Comfort\\" can be felt in your soul.  Phil Mogg's vocals and Schenker's unique guitar stylings would be the driving force behind several incredibly well produced albums into the new millennium!
0061767581|1.0|The writing is horrible, but I guess that's what to be expected from a reality t.v. celebrity. It's sad that these publishing companies are so into the easy ways to make money rather than some truly amazing up and coming authors that can't seem to get their foot in the door.     The characters are one-dimensional. There's not much description. And, the plot is atrocious. What did the ending of this book accomplish? HarperCollins needs to end this series before it starts and try some other authors.     Where's the passion I see in so many authors? This author just seems to see dollar signs and a way to bash some of \\"frenemies\\" without dealing with the fallout since she managed to change their names. When it comes to real life drama Lauren excels, but on paper she falls flat to muster up any sort of emotions in the readers for her characters. Stick to what you know Lauren.
B00003CXB4|3.0|I was disappointed with the item I requested compared to what I received and the amount of money paid. I didn't feel I got the item I requested. I thought I was getting a collectible item but it was no different from another order that I paid less money for.    Cincynow did not deliver what was advertised (Collectible Edition) and I sent a message to her to verify the item and did not reecive a confirmed response to my concern.   I will not order this type of item again and definitely from cincynow.
B00003CXXP|5.0|This excellent film is a futuristic version of \\"Pinocchio\\" by Carlo Collodi. Steven Spielberg outdoes himself with this sci-fi/drama classic. I won't rehash the story, as it would only spoil the pleasure of the film. An excellent cast, combined with a heartwrenching score by John Williams make this a classic for all ages. The film should not have been rated PG-13. It shoujld have been rated PG, as the \\"Sexual Content\\" was very minimal (Steven removed various sex scenes that Kubrick had in mind).
2070612368|5.0|I knew pretty minimal French when I bought this book, but I find that now I have a better understanding of sentence structure, a much larger vocabulary, and an increased appreciation of the book. The French version stays as true to the original as language allows. There are few name changes and confusion is small.  This book is worth buying and reading. Not to mention a fantastic way to improve your French!
1416550534|3.0|This is a period piece, told from an elderly lady's view, of life in a British mansion before WW1. It is slow moving, but interesting enough to keep you wanting to know more. A way of life that is no more, but we do like to read about those long gone days.
B00139XSBA|5.0|I woke up this morning thinking about this book and the wonderful movie that followed. Being true to my instincts I will now read it again for the first time in 20 years. In a time when our heroes are overpaid athletes and overexposed celebrities (who cares about Brad and Angelina ?) it is high time we got our priorities straight and remember who our &#34;idols&#34; really are! Many of them are right here in this book.
B00005QG9J|3.0|3 1/2    Another solid release riding off the success of MY found the band attempting to consciously grow, sometimes to mixed and slightly strained results. Although it cannot sustain the album experience that was their one previous masterwork, MV offers some of the group's most polished songwriting to date.
B002BI6SMI|5.0|I've had a hell of a week at the office & this was just what I needed.  I don't know how a movie with an actual hero made it out of Hollywood these days, but thanks.
0307341569|5.0|This is written so well and is a pleasure to read.  I thought her first novel Sharp Objects was a thriller, but this is even better (if that is possible).  For anyone who likes thrillers and thinks Stephen King is dark try Gillian Flynn!!!!!
B001PL4HZW|4.0|This is so good except for a couple of the songs. Loved the DVD part of it. You get to see some of the groups that did the songs for the movie. Worth the money...you will listen to it over and over.
B000N3ST8O|5.0|I had debated between getting the regular CD version or the combo CD/DVD combo of \\"Crystal Visions: The Very Best of Stevie Nicks\\" and I am so glad I went with the combo. As a long time Stevie fan this was a great collection featuring the best this poet has to offer. It was worth the extra couple of bucks for the DVD with several classic Stevie videos including the ORIGINAL video for \\"Stand Back\\" and commentary by Stevie on every video from everything from behind the concepts and process to the stories behind the songs. Its a trip down memory lane in case of the older videos. She is a true poet in this day in age who has gone through hell and back only to rise up on top as a true icon in rock and roll.
0385338732|5.0|I absolutely love her books.  I read all of them except this one and I bought it and finished it in two days.  As always she delivers the best fiction books ever.  I'm always wanting to read more.  Once you start you can't put the book down.  It's an easy read and easy to follow.  I love her sense of humor and she always describes her the characters in her book to were I feel like I know them.  I can't wait until she puts out another book.  I will be patiently waiting.  So what are you waiting for buy all of her books.  You will LOVE them!
B000P6YNSE|5.0|LOST is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! This product is great, I love watching it, and everything is in great condition! Everyone should buy this and fall in love with it!
0060254920|5.0|I have always loved this book, its always been a favorite of mine, book got shipped fast and was in great condition. Will purchase from seller again.For all you where the wilds things are fans if you don't already know this book is being turned into a movie which is suppose to come out in 16 October 2009. Can't wait!
B0009MAO46|5.0|This DVD is so wonderful!!! I bought it as a gift and the receiver loved it! This edition also has a lot of neat bonus stuff. I would definitely recommend this movie!
B001DJLCRC|5.0|I have already seen season one and season two but I wanted to watch it again .... it's just that good. The characters are great, especially 'Walter' and 'Jesse'. You might see this call a Dark Comedy - well, it's definitely dark in places and it IS sometimes pretty funny.  Several of my friends and family have watched it and nobody said they didn't like it ..... it's just that good.
B000FIMG68|5.0|If you love LOST then this is a great buy. Season 2 is very interesting and you will love it! I would absolutely recommend!
B001V9LRTM|2.0|1. Bad Menu Options<br />2. Bad Sound, besides the 5.1 the sound its soo bad<br />3. The Screen resolution and editions its catastrophic.<br />4. The only thing to remark its the case (photos, book, and the ticker memorabilia)<br />In general a very bad product.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|This season of LOST is amazing! I enjoyed watching each episode and would definitely recommend this product!!
6305127646|4.0|I saw this at the theatres when it came out and was enthralled by it. I saw it multiple times, although that was partially because I was studying in Jordan at the time and in Jordan I would watch American movies just to get a break from my Arabic immersion program (I think I watched more movies that year than I have in the last ten). Nevertheless, the fact that I was abroad made the international setting of it seem more exiting. At that time I had never been to Russia.    I think I watched it once on tape after that, after having lived in Russia (in 1999), and I realized then how much Russians would hate this movie. I've now just recently watched it again for the first time in probably eight years, and of course I've spent a lot of time developing my thinking on international affairs during that span.    Now watch this again to see what was wrong with how Americans viewed Russia in the 1990s. Like Sean Connery's \\"The Rising Sun\\" on Japan in the early 1990s, this movie reflects how Americans viewed Russia during that time. Not that it was necessarily inaccurate. The speech given by the character of Ivan Tretiak certainly captures how many Russians feel. And Russia did have a kind of hapless reformist president at that time.    The key is the closing scenes in which an American has to tell the hapless Russian president what he should do, and then when another American works some magic behind the scenses, Russians enthusiastically fall for him. This is precisely how the U.S. foreign policy establishment treated Russia during that time. Why it was not clear that Russians would resent this, I don't know.    As far as the movie itself is concerned, I still enjoy the build-up even though the ending is dumb. And I think this is the only movie Val Kilmer ever successfully carried. He has been in other great movies (Heat, Ghost in the Darkness), but he's never led another that I'd consider watching twice. And of course there is Elisabeth Shue, and very briefly, Emily Mortimerin a short but memorable role.
B00142X56Y|5.0|This is a superb production. A must for opera lovers.<br />The Magic Flute is a complex and brilliant composition with heaps having been written about the Freemasons implications. Anyone unfamiliar with all this would gain more appreciation of the opera by some reading beforehand. That said this production is a masterpiece with Diana Damrau sailing with ease through one of opera's most difficult arias in her Queen of the Night role. The comical roles of Papageno and Papagena sung by Simon Keenlyside and Ailish Tynan are beutifully done and add relief to the more serious side of this opera.<br />The cast is well balanced, superbly recorded and this is an BluRay production not to be missed by opera lovers.
B001GCUNYO|1.0|I bought this movie today and went home to play it in my PS3 player. I put it in my player and got the message I need to update my firmware. I exited out and did a firmware check from the PS3's menu and was told I had the latest version. I then went on Sony's site and found the latest version to be version 2.76. I checked the firmware on the PS3 and it was also 2.76.<br /><br />I searched the net and found another person with the same issue who was able to get the disc working by selecting the disc's icon from the video menu. I was not so lucky.<br /><br />Thanks Fox and the Blu-Ray group. Once again your DRM causes hassles for people who actually purchase your movies. I would stay away from this one if you have a PS3 or if your Blu-Ray manufacturer doesn't update very often. I found other people having the same problem with older players.
B00005AG7K|3.0|There was a funny \\"Hard Day's Night,\\" a goofy-funny \\"Help\\"...and \\"Magical Mystery Tour,\\" apparently filmed intentionally out of focus or the folks at Avenue One were fooling with me.  Filmed with all the aplumb of a high school video production shot in Super 8, if you remember what that was.  The unapparent plot involves a bus and an ongoing spat- apparently comedy relief- between Richard B. Starkey and his aunt Jessica.  The music, however, is better than ever.  A must purchase for Beatles completists, but others may merely content themselves to purchasing the \\"Magical Mystery Tour\\" CD available from Amazon.  Oh well, the DVD from Amazon Marketplace cost less than a movie ticket in the big city.
0446530573|5.0|This fun cookbook is full of photos from the Sopranos and the recipes are excellent....I use it all the time for family meals as well as special occassions....I especially enjoy the comments from the Soprano family members and crew....the photos are from the show... the food items are nicely displayed and the recipes easy to follow....I liked this book so much that I have given it as gifts to friends....if you like this, you may also love Entertaining with the Sopranos....Carmela shows us how to set tables and decorate as well as cook for special events like weddings showers, holiday meals, and funeral dinners....I esp like the comments and stories by Uncle June, Livia , Artie Bucco and other characters ...it is a hoot !
0670020478|5.0|If you caught Ken Robinson's TED talk in 2006, you've probably been waiting for this book to go to print. And...if you were inspired by his insight and passion for the individual promise of people, you will love [[ASIN:0670020478 The Element]]. It is about how finding your passion changes everything. It is not about how to find your passion. Don't buy it for that. But if you're looking for inspiration...this is a great place to start!
B001AQMBKA|5.0|Every leaf, every blade of grass, every grain of sand, every bead of sweat; watching Lost in 1080p high definition is an illuminating experience to say the least, and the ultimate way to watch one of the greatest television series ever created. From the lush jungle backdrops to the gritty Dharma stations, everything is presented in stunning definition, the kind that only Disney can bring to Blu-Ray.    Season 2 ups the ante for Lost, introducing new characters, villains, Dharma stations, island mysteries, and the infamous numbers. The plot thickens, the character studies get more intense, and the questions pile up as our beloved losties seek to unravel the mysterious of the island they crashed on in season 1. Without giving away too much, Season 2 introduces us to the tail section survivors, more Others goodness, and the strange ways of the Dharma Initiative, including the Dharma stations; and who can forget Marvin Candle?!    The picture quality is near pefect, with nary a qualm from my point of view. Colors pop on screen, detail is highly abundant from facial features to clothing textures to gritty surfaces and outdoor scenery; videophiles will not be disappointed. Though, as great as the picture quality is it doesn't match the quality of Season 3 or Season 4, but its still leagues better than the DVD and its television broadcast,and certainly up there with the best looking high definition releases to date. The audio is nothing to scoff at either, being presented in 5.1 uncompressed magnificance.     The only real disappointment to this otherwise spectacular package is the supplements, which are exactly the same as the DVD counterpart, and all in standard definition; otherwise Lost Season 2: The Extended Experience is a must own for lost fanatics and videophiles alike.
B001IBIQU6|1.0|The lyrics....sounds like an elementary school student trying to write a poem.  Shame, Depeche Mode was one of my favorite bands.
B001TODCII|4.0|Liam Neeson lets loose a mean dose of delicious thuggery in Taken, a taut thriller that puts the viewer in the passenger seat right next to a hell-bent father seeking his stolen daughter and the blood of those behind her abduction. Deftly directed by District B13's Pierre Morel from a script by Luc Besson and writing partner Robert Mark Kamen, this tense actioner doesn't spend much time setting things up, nor does it decelerate once the flick picks up steam. Not one to overstay its welcome, this suspenseful tale is an economic exercise in delivering the goods for those who are interested in a two-fisted Liam Neeson vehicle to soak up, bask in, and then leave behind as soon as it's over. Neeson stars as Bryan Mills, an ex-CIA agent who's left behind the service to help care for his teenaged daughter, Kim (Maggie Grace), even if she spends most of her time with his ex-wife, Lenore (Famke Janssen), and her wealthy husband, Stuart (Xander Berkeley). Mills shows off his competence in combat early on after thwarting an attempt on the life of pop star Sheerah (Holly Valance), whom his daughter idolizes. Soon after, the 17-year-old is off to Paris, but only once she agrees to a strict set of rules, namely that the family knows where she is at all times. Plans derail when Kim is kidnapped while she's checking in on the phone with her father, who coolly deals with the situation and stays on the line long enough to deliver a killer speech to her captors. What follows is Mills' one-man mission to get his daughter back within 96 hours, using whatever European contacts he has left and the special lethal skills he's quite adept at dishing out. And dish them out Neeson does. Audiences get a clear idea of what sort of pain is in store for the bad guys early on during the pop-star rescue, which sets up the kind of swift brutality this character is capable of. The actor finds a cool partner in Morel, who delivers the action with a satisfyingly steady hand -- especially in the knife-fight finale, where a full-frame, one-take technique is honored in order to pay off the claustrophobic cabin setting without resorting to superficial style to keep the audience's juices flowing. In the acting department, Neeson is a single-minded, stone-faced wonder -- ready to pummel whoever needs to be knocked down in order to get to his daughter. As the daughter, Grace fulfills the dual nature of her character's arc, delivering both doe-eyed innocence and wide-eyed hysteria with competence. Sadly, Famke Janssen gets lost in the shuffle for most of the film, though to be fair, this flick isn't as much about the mother back home, but the trained torturer dad who'll stop at nothing to bust some slave-trader butt. Taken might still be on the fluffy side (the emotional beats, especially, feel forced), but it is of a higher pedigree than what action buffs have come to expect from French movie mogul Besson, whose post-directorial writer/producer stints range from the Transporter films to the tongue-in-explosive-cheek Taxi series. While cinephiles certainly won't flock to the flick, the inclusion of Neeson will hopefully tip some audiences off to the fact that there's something a little more to this intimate package than just your normal whiz-bang-pow big-budgeted romp. For fans of tough cinema, this is an installment worthy of comparison to the British crime films of old, which certainly share the narrow-minded propulsion of the plot, as well as having a venerable lead to chew the scenery as he pummels his way through a mystery. Needless to say, if you happen to be snatched up against your will, you could do a lot worse than have a Liam Neeson type waiting in the wings to brutalize his way to your rescue. ~ Jeremy Wheeler, All Movie Guide
0143114085|1.0|The story shifts between two weeks. Part is narrated by the woman involved and part is in the third person.  It is a difficult story to follow.  I found that I had to filp back and forth to figure out where I was.  Ms Hannah had a different plot idea that I think could be a very good mystery.  Since this is a first novel the next may have better continunity.
B000IOM0YM|5.0|This is easily the most exciting of the KISSOLOGY's thus far some great shows are included.....for the die hard fan you will be thinking about the missing shows and clips that could have appeared. However For the most part anyone who hasnt seen or purchased this yet will be very pleased. You should not contimplate the purchase of this awesome set.
B000QEIOTO|1.0|Very dissatisfied. I was very disappointed that this dvd didn't work in any dvd players or on my lap top. I was so looking forward to watching this movie and was very upset it didn't work.
0736063684|5.0|Not much to say except that this book is excellent and it's difficult to think of any way that it could be made better. Anybody with any kind of interest in resistance training with weights can only benefit from this book; it's simply brilliant!     It's a very well organised book with chapters split according to major muscle groups and the exercises that work them. Large, detailed anatomical artwork on every page shows you exactly what happens to every muscle; it's like having an X-ray of every exercise being performed. The best book I've ever found for putting together a balanced weight training regime.     Whether you're a serious lifter, athlete, gym user, sportsperson, health professional or complete beginner about to hit the gym for the first time, do yourself a favour and buy this book - you certainly won't regret it!!!
B000TGJ8F8|1.0|I was very disappointed that this dvd didn't work in any dvd players or on my lap top. I was so looking forward to watching this movie and was very upset it didn't work.
B001GCUNYO|2.0|\\"Taken\\" poses a number of fascinating questions, but provides few answers to discerning viewers. The many issues raised by this provocative film are:<br /><br />1. Will a gang of eastern European thugs and white slaving kidnappers, living in Paris, accept a middle aged, former American CIA agent with a thick Irish accent as a Paris policeman, just because he shows them a French Police ID that he stole with a French name on it?<br /><br />2. Can an American just arrived at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris involve himself in a violent manic foot chase and wild fight with another man all over the arrival area of the airport, resulting in the death of the man being chased, and then suddenly appear in central Paris without much interest from the French police?<br /><br />3. Can the distance between two nearly adjacent bridges in Paris be stretched enough to allow for a lengthy car chase that is really unnecessary because the hero could have walked to the next bridge in less time than the car chase takes?<br /><br />4. Can an American, former CIA agent, with a thick Irish accent, pretending to be a Paris policeman, leap from the Pont des Artes onto a passing yacht and NOT have the yacht be filled with evil, Arab mobsters?<br /><br />5. Can a movie involving a good but hard to get along with American former CIA agent, with a thick Irish accent, with a gorgeous ex-wife who has left him for a rich guy, possibly get to the end of the movie without the ex-wife admitting that her rejected former husband is a worthy man, a good man, a man she should have treated better and appreciated more?<br /><br />6. Can the daughter of an American former CIA agent be kidnapped in Paris and turned into a drugged out, white slave whore for Arab mobsters and forced into prostitution, then saved by Dad in a bloodbath on the Seine, quickly get back to life as usual when Dad drops her off at the now appreciative ex-wife's house in Beverly Hills; will Mom & the American, former CIA agent with a thick Irish accent, reconcile?<br /><br />These issue are profound, and frankly the answers are hard to come by from the film itself. It's worth thinking about, seriously...e profound, and frankly the answers are hard to come by from the film itself. It's worth thinking about, seriously...
078322799X|1.0|I saw this movie in the theatre when it first came out but remembered nothing at all about it. Now I know why. I can hardly believe that Peter Jackson made this awful mess of a movie. It fails on every level. I only paid $3 for the DVD but it wasn't even worth it at that price.
6305736650|5.0|There's nothing I can add to the reviews here other than to say I've seen \\"Casablanca\\" at least forty times. If all goes according to plan, I'll see it at least another forty times before I fade to black.
0061767581|5.0|I just picked this book up yesterday afternoon, and less than 24 hours have passed by and I am finished. It was a very easy read and great job on the writing Lauren Conrad. I was suprised at how good the book actually was. I love \\"The Hills\\" and was upset to see Lauren go but I know now she is on to bigger and better things. Can't wait for the second book becuase this one leaves you yearning for more!
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|I will keep my review short and to the point. Wow! Intense ride. This film is a new classic, 5 star caliber.<br /><br />I wish Mr. Roddenberry was still alive to see this, I am fairly certain he would've enjoyed Mr. Abrams remake. Can't wait for the next one in 2011.
0375428550|4.0|This is a good book. It has a superb writing and speaking section. The reading passages are on the easy side. The listening section is a little bit weak because it is not enough. But it is a fairly complete preparation book.
B001N18HO6|5.0|Ten collectors edition is a wonderful box that will please all PJ fans. Inside it there is everything someone could dream of (LPs, CDs, Memorabilia, Historic concert, Unplugged DVD ,poster and othe collectibles). The package is beautiful and the content, well, is Pearl Jam's music, so i dont think i need to say anything more about it, except this: BUY IT AND BE HAPPY!
0316017922|3.0|For the last few weeks I have been mulling over the number 10,000.<br /><br />Malcolm Gadwell has popularized social science in a series of big hit books such as Tipping Point and Blink.  With due apologies for being rather uncharitable, I do tend to think of these as the bubble gum version of non fiction books (i.e. read the title and the contents page and pretty much know what is being said!).<br /><br />Nevertheless the writer has a real knack for simplifying and popularizing concepts.  This latest book, Outliers has hit the shelves and is a hit with readers.<br /><br />His thesis is that exceptional performance in life, in any endeavor, is not a matter of inborn genius, but rather the circumstances and conditioning that led to it.<br /><br />You might go, 'ah...genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration' as Edison once famously said - and you would be right!  That about sums it up.<br /><br />However, he uses the latest tools and contemporary examples to make this point.  One intriguing concept in this book is the number 10,000.  He says that social science research shows that anyone (anyone) who puts 10,000 hours of practice in any endeavor is going to become an elite performer in that field.<br /><br />Lets put a caveat here.  If you practice golf for 10,000 hours, that does not mean you become Tiger Woods.  But here is the kicker.  If you put in 10,000 hours of practice in golf, you can compete with Tiger Woods!  The above insight was genuinely intriguing that I decided to ruminate on this a bit.<br /><br />What does 10,000 hours of practice mean?<br /><br />Lets say I come back from work everyday and spend 1.5 hours practicing my favorite activity.  Piano.  Golf Swing,  Singing.  Essay writing.  Whatever.  Lets say I do this, to be reasonable 5 days a week.  And 45 weeks a year (accounting for holidays, emergencies etc).  That is 337.5 hours per year.  10 years is still only 3,375 hours....!<br /><br />Another example.  Lets take a normal activity like eating (could just as easily be wine tasting).  3 meals a day.  Again 1.5 hours?  This time it needs to be every day.  So 1.5 hrs times 7 days a week time 52 weeks a year.  That is still only 546 hours per year.<br /><br />I think with my experience in consulting and management I am good at presentations and communication.  Lets take 'powerpoint' skills, and lets see if I can compete with the tiger woods of powerpoint.  I have been in this business for 15+ years.  Lets say I have done 3 major assignments a year.  Each assignment required 3 big presentations (one at the beginning, one at the middle and one final presentation).  Lets say it took me 10 hours to write each presentation (not counting all the other team members who contributed to it).  That is a grand total of 1,530 hours!  N-o-w-h-e-r-e close to the 10,000 mark!<br /><br />What does this mean then?  A couple of insights from the above example.<br /><br />1.  10,000 hours is difficult to get to and will take several decades.<br /><br />2.  If it is an activity like sport, then the window is going to be very early and narrow  (say 18 - 30 years).  Which means one has to start when one is a child.  Which explains why parents go batty over their talented children.<br /><br />3.  Even if you count your own profession (like i did with powerpoint presentation as an example) and a particular skill it is going to be hard to come up with 10,000 hours.<br /><br />3.  If you commit to 10,000 hours of anything be warned that you are giving up a 'balanced' life.<br /><br />Implications:  Assuming you buy into the 10,000 hour theory (for which there is an equally strong argument not to...which is ripe for discussion, but not the thrust here), there are a few implications for ourselves as well as what decisions we make for our children in terms of where they focus their attention and talents.<br /><br />A.  If 10,000 gets you elite status.  What does 5,000 get you?  This is my own addition here.  Let us assume 5,000 getsyou 'professionally competent' status.  You could set a floor and a ceiling for any endeavor, should you be serious about it.<br /><br />For fun, here is a curve (my own thoughts - unscientific):<br /><br />1,000 - Appreciator (!)<br /><br />2,000 - Dabbler<br /><br />3,000 - Know just enough to cause harm<br /><br />5,000 - Professionally competent<br /><br />7,500 - Elite<br /><br />10,000 - One in a million, super elite.<br /><br />B. If you are motivated to excel in some field, you better be 'inwardly' passionate about it, otherwise life will become one gigantic slog!<br /><br />C.  When it comes to children, just because somebody else observes they are good at something, dont force them into it unless they take to it by themselves.  I have seen way too many example of kids who hate what they have been forced into.<br /><br />D.  Take care to pick what you are going to focus on.  Or on the other hand you can sprinkle your interests among a variety of things so you can maintain a 'portfolio of interests'.<br /><br />In summary, even though we may not strictly buy into this 10,000 concept, it is a useful yardstick to ask ourselves how we are spending our time, and what value that is adding to the quality of our lives.<br /><br />Also the decisions we make on time for ourselves and our children have serious consequences either in terms of opportunity lost or forcing someone to do something they did not like.<br /><br />In my own personal life, I had,  before I read this book, and continue to operate on the principle of 'general proficiency' rather than 'star specialist'  to sample life in all its richness..    For fun, here is a curve (my own thoughts - unscientific):    1,000 - Appreciator (!)    2,000 - Dabbler    3,000 - Know just enough to cause harm    5,000 - Professionally competent    7,500 - Elite    10,000 - One in a million, super elite.    B. If you are motivated to excel in some field, you better be 'inwardly' passionate about it, otherwise life will become one gigantic slog!    C.  When it comes to children, just because somebody else observes they are good at something, dont force them into it unless they take to it by themselves.  I have seen way too many example of kids who hate what they have been forced into.    D.  Take care to pick what you are going to focus on.  Or on the other hand you can sprinkle your interests among a variety of things so you can maintain a 'portfolio of interests'.    In summary, even though we may not strictly buy into this 10,000 concept, it is a useful yardstick to ask ourselves how we are spending our time, and what value that is adding to the quality of our lives.    Also the decisions we make on time for ourselves and our children have serious consequences either in terms of opportunity lost or forcing someone to do something they did not like.    In my own personal life, I had,  before I read this book, and continue to operate on the principle of 'general proficiency' rather than 'star specialist'  to sample life in all its richness.
B000DWMN2S|5.0|I first saw this movie on a cable movie station and loved it so much I ordered it from Amazon. I have shown it to friends and family whose ages range from 25 to 82 and they all loved it.  It has a quirky humor to it that is hilarious but can also be subtle.  The theme involving how people who are so different at first glance may find common ground in unexpected ways is delightful.  The sorrow and joy that imbues the film is an inspiration.  The acting is excellent, as is the dialogue and story line.  The scenery is also beautiful.  Though it has some violent scenes they are tasteful and not overly graphic however it is not for very young children.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I never bought any of Jillian's workout dvd's before.  I love this workout.  There are 3 levels and you can pick any one you want to do.  The workouts are only 30 minutes each, but they are awesome.  You can feel the burn and know that you are getting a good workout.  There is one girl that is doing the low impact workout and another girl doing the higher intensity workout.  Jillian is just like having the real thing from \\"The Biggest Loser\\".  It makes her more real.  I feel that the information on the back cover is very informative.
B000002LTU|5.0|I'm not a purist, but this album is so melodic and fun to listen to, no crazy stuff or long improvizations. \\"High Speed Chase\\" is hilarious. It really does put images in my mind of cars speeding through crowded city streets. I thought Bitches Brew was cool when it came out but I don't go back playing it now. This album I do. I saw Miles in concert around the time much of this was recorded. Played the entire concert with his back to the audience.
0767802519|2.0|Given the almost universal high ratings for this movie, I must be missing something. The movie had potential, it *could* have been something, but it kept dragging itself down with dumb. Jean Reno stars as a professional hit man who 'adopts' a 12-year old played by Natalie Portman. The girl was recently orphaned when a crazed DEA agent played by Gary Oldman guns down her family in the apartment down the hall from Reno's.<br /><br />The movie should have been played straight and serious or absurd and comic or schmaltzy and cute, but it wandered between the three. It included ridiculous details that stopped me from taking it seriously (e.g., the DEA knows a 12-year old girl is missing from the apartment, one of them saw a young girl enter Reno's apartment right after the shootings, but they don't bother to search it). Once Reno lets the girl stay with him, he immediately agrees to train her as a hit man. A 12-year old. She manages a long-range hit with her first shot.<br /><br />Portman toys with her blossoming sexuality, but it isn't pushed even to the point of making the viewer seriously uncomfortable. Better to have left that bit out or played it out.<br /><br />An opportunity is missed when hints are dropped that Reno's boss, who supposedly holds all his money for him, is ripping him off. But that goes nowhere.<br /><br />The movie is well-acted and they do blow up a lot of stuff, but it was a missed opportunity and generally waste of time.
0321525655|4.0|The title is accurate, these are simple ideas on presentations but that takes nothing away from their power.  That's especially true because so many of us do the wrong thing so often in building our Powerpoints.  Simple graphics, simple messages on each slide are not only easier to comprehend, they also free the speaker from the straightjacket of a speech.  All that is good and I think the concepts apply equally well to video production. Nonetheless, the book drags a bit in the first half and you almost begin to worry that the author doesn't have a point.  But much of this feeling is probably a left brained Western reaction to a set up that is Eastern and very right brained.  Worth reading if you care about being a good presenter.
0802798225|5.0|Okay, I fell in love with this book.  It was so engaging and fun and any other positive words you can think of.  Alex and Brittany are so funny when they fight, make up etc.  Elkeles made an interesting story of the romance between a gang member and a cheerleader.  The problems with their lives were kind of sad to read but how Alex and Brittany relate to each other by their harsh home life is a pleasure to read and you should definitely give this book a try.
0786838655|3.0|The Percy Jackson and the Olympians series tells the story of Percy Jackson (no, duh), the mortal son of the Greek god Poseidon.  His birth and Poseidon's subsequent acknowledgment of him leads to discord among the gods on Mount Olympus because the three most powerful gods (Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades) had agreed after WWII not to father mortal children to keep chaos to a minimum.  (Hitler was the son of Hades, and several Allied leaders were the sons of Zeus and Poseidon.)    Life is fairly normal for Percy until he turns twelve.  At this point, ancient monsters start to target him and his mother is forced to tell him that his absent father is Poseidon, god of the sea.  She takes him to Camp Half-Blood, where he receives training on \\"survival basics\\" like archery, sword fighting, and a classical education on the Greek gods.  When Percy is accused of stealing Zeus's master lightning bolt on a trip to Olympus (a trip he didn't even go on), he embarks on a quest to find the bolt and clear his name, and chaotic adventure ensues.    I think the 8-12 age range on this is fairly accurate.  Usually I really enjoy books for this age range (even though I'm almost 21) because they tend to be well written and fun, but I thought this one was a bit fast-moving.  There wasn't really any let down between adventures (incidents, attacks, etc...), so I didn't find it very realistic.  (I mean, as realistic as a fantasy book can be.)  I think younger readers would enjoy it more than I did.  Even so, I'll still probably read the rest of the series, because the writing was good-quality, and I liked the gist of the story.  I just thought there were too many plot points for the length of the book.
B001K3JF7K|4.0|I have been a Claus Ogermann fan for many years and his arrangements and reharmonizations are incredibly beautiful, intense and serene. I have a sense that Jobim would have loved the subtle changes and interlude of \\"Corcovado\\", a song I played for years and could not stand listening anymore. Mr. Ogermann made me embrace this song again. I have almost all of his own works (a few I can't find) as well as some Diana Krall's recordings. The serenity and overall tempo of this work is not in the way of its eloquence and depth. If you are looking for Swing and adrenaline you will be disappointed. I don't care much about Diana Krall, but I thank her for serving Mr. Ogermann's art.
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|Simply great and for under $10 you can't go wrong. The whole reason I found out about the movie was due to the Pandora website. A lot of songs kept coming up from it, and I loved them all before I finally realized that it was a movie. Watched it tonight, blew me away. A must own.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Seller promised two day delivery, and it did come as promised.  In fact, it was the first delivery I received, among the batch of orders I made on the same day. Condition was also \\"very good\\", like promised.
1416500294|4.0|I really liked treasure island but their is one thing: it's not a book for four year olds. it has a lot of people dieing an d getting injured in that book. I would say you could give treasure island to a 6-13 year olds.  enjoy!
1423101472|5.0|I remember the first time I ever heard of the Percy Jackson series.  I walked into a Barnes and Noble store for no other reason that to browse around.  I came across the shelf entitled \\"Employee Favorites\\" and decided to read the comments on the selected books.  The one that most caught my eye was \\"Percy Jackson and the Lightening Thief\\", and the review was written by a guy 10 years older than me (26)!  Of course, that doesn't really surprise me; I mean, do we really change all that much as we age?  Why should we do away with young adult books, and always look to a more sophisticated novel?  I think in 10 years I too will continue to read many of the same books that I read now, with obvious additions.    Riordans's \\"Percy Jackson\\" series (books 1-5) were a delight for me to read - not only did they provide entertainment during those \\"boring\\" days, but they really seemed to have changed me for the better as a person.  It's hard to exactly say why, but I know that I wouldn't be the same had I not read these amazing books.  This is the kind of series that comes out once every twenty years or so, and I'm glad it came out at my age - it made is so easy for me to identify with the characters and their struggles as a whole.  It was so easy for me to put myself in the situation of the characters, and many times I found myself asking, \\"what would I have done here?\\"  I plan to re-read the entire series again this summer, and probably will read it again soon after that.  The books are light-hearted, adventurous, and full of action!  The 5th book, if I had to choose, was my favorite, but all of them are a definite 5 stars easily.  As an interesting side note, after reading this series I bought a book about modern day \\"Hellenistic\\" religion (the worshipping of the ancient Greek gods), and I am even learning Greek (a fascinating and beautiful language).    This series is HIGHLY recommended for those who love to let their imagination run wild, and are in desperate need of an adventure that you won't forget; and remember, you are never to old to read anything, no matter what main-stream culture tells you!
B001PJRAUS|5.0|As a huge Austen fan I loved this movie. I watched the whole thing in one and didnt realize till later that it was 3 hours long! But it was completely worth it. It was just so hilarious. I am highly jealous this didnt actually happen to me. ha! I love how Colin Firth was constantly mentioned as Mr Darcy since of course he is the best one ever. Though I must admit the guy playing him in this one is pretty good. This movie I think is only good for fans  who have read Pride and Prejudice over and over as the character Amanda has. Right from the beginning I knew I would LOVE this movie. It was made directly for fans. Highly recommended
0739365916|5.0|I love the Jack Reacher books by Lee Child.  The latest is by far his best.  Of all the mystery novels, this book is by far the best series and the best fiction I have ever read.
B001J8ULZ6|5.0|As with his first book, Barack Obama captures his life travels in such a way as to make it interesting to even the least politically aware of people. I'll read anything he writes!
B0012Q732O|1.0|Very weak plot. The only things that I thought were cool in this movie were the CGI mammoths and sabertooth tiger! Everything else was just horrible. In my opinion this is a film that's not worth watching.
1577314808|5.0|Over the years I have read many books by different authors on spirituality and how to \\"obtain\\" enlightenment.  This book has left me breathless in it's simplicity, beauty and profound sense of having finally reached understanding of how enlightenment is achieved.        Eckhart Tolle is a gifted teacher, explaining otherwise complex theories in an authorative but easy to understand way.  Attaching our lives to past and present is indeed the slip up we all tend to make; sometimes regretting past events and nearly always anticipating future possibilities.  Well, this book/man will teach you to accept what is.  Focus on what is, in the here and now, and everything else will fall into place.  Highly recommended.
B000Y179KO|5.0|You can't please everyone but if you look at their track record on this release, you'll see that the vast majority really like \\"Long Road Out Of Eden\\". It's new, it's old, it's fresh, it's familiar.     It's all here: Don Henley's social commentaries on politics, pop culture and the nuclear family. Glenn Frey keeps the music grounded in it's country roots. Timothy Schmitt's voice is still as sweet as when he sang, \\"I Can't Tell You Why\\" and of course, Joe Walsh is the ever-brilliant comic relief with just the right dose of irony to balance it all out.    To all those who dismiss \\"Long Road Out Of Eden\\" as anything less than great, should perhaps stick with their \\"Greatest Hits\\" and the \\"Hotel California\\" discs. The Eagles have evolved, matured and mellowed with age but their unmistakable sound is still very much their own. Again, this IS The Eagles. Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow.     And to those who have a problem with that, I believe Mr. Henley said it it best: Get Over It!
B00006F7S4|5.0|In my opinion, this is Beck's best work. The lyrics are so genuine and emotional. The music is solid and it works perfectly with the lyrics to convey their emotion. It's perfection.    I can also relate to every song on the album and I listen to it often.
B001VNC69I|1.0|I bought this edition instead of downloading one of the free ones because Oxford World Classics has copious notes. Unfortunately, they don't work in this book, i.e. when you place the cursor on one it doesn't recognize it as a note. Notes in the other OWC Kindle book I own work just fine but not here. I have requested a refund and will buy the book again when Kindle or Oxford tells me it's fixed.
0671799320|5.0|I have read this book 5 times in the 10 years since purchasing. I reference it often. New trinkets of information are found every time I re-read this excellent story (historical reference) of the oil industry.
B001KVZ6ES|5.0|i loved this movie, it was good.... ya the acting wasnt the best but the story was really good.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|I loved this show, Beckett is a great character and the dynamic between her and Castle is so fun and entertaining. I hope this show stays on for many seasons!
067960085X|4.0|It is worthwhile if you are only familiar with Holly Golightly from the Audrey Hepburn movie to read the original novella that introduced this famous character. Holly is a creature that never quite fits into her world, all at once naive and worldly, self-involved and compassionate, emotionless and passionate. Her paradoxes are what make her fascinating, both to us and to the men who come in contact with her. Holly's fate in the novella is not a happy one as in the movie, but is rather much more nebulous--it is left to the reader to judge, and that is somehow more satisfying. This volume also contains three of Capote's most famous short stories, including \\"A Christmas Memory,\\" which seems a lot sadder to me now than when I first read it in high school.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This has to be one of the greatest things to ever exist. I love this show and watch it over and over again. I never get tired of it. I can not believe they only made 1 season of this program. Suits are so stupid!
B000MR9D5E|2.0|the product arrived in time and in apparent good shape. however, one of the dvds - the one I really wanted - is not working. the entire series is amazing, but I did miss one of the 5 dvds. i believe there is a bubble in the dvd or something that is not allowing it to be read.
0767817729|1.0|One of the three worst movies I have ever seen. Three strikes:    1. Preposterous plot    2. Poor pacing and direction    3. Kevin Costner (actually he is three strikes all by himself)    Example: Costner calls his Navy buddy and tells him the Mexican Mafia guy's hottie wife is putting the moves on him. Asks his buddy's advice. The buddy (obviously smarter than the lead character) says, \\"Get out of there while you still have your skin!\\" Costner says, \\"Nah, I guess I'll hang around.\\"    I saw this movie while I was on a one-year remote assignment in Korea. I stayed until the end because the bar wasn't open. Just shows what boredom will make you do.
B001K3JF7K|3.0|I love Diana Krall, I have all her albums and follow her career because I enjoy her music. This is a 'pleasant' album, and that is probably why I am only giving it 3 stars. She seems to really favour the orchestrated medium, and while that is no by any means a criticism, it has become a strong and recurring theme.    For me personally, I LONG to see a return to a more simple set-up like was had on \\"The Girl in the Other Room\\" (my fav) or her early albums. I just feel as though there is nothing overly new or exciting offered by this album (many of her others explore bossa and latin themes). However its still a nice listen and worthy of having on your shelf. I would encourage her to again explore her own writitng as on said fav album!!
B0024F08RO|5.0|Despite what many others have been saying, season 4 of Prison Break is packed with many plot twists and turns. This season is just as good, if not better then the previous seasons. A lot more action in this season. I reccommend paying very close attention when watching the fourth season. I still think they should continute the Prison Break series, but they ended it with a bang!
1402217722|5.0|Ok, I am officially a Georgette Heyer fan. I admit that I did not like the mystery that I read, Why Shoot a Butler? - but I am not really a big fan of that genre as a whole. This one, on the other hand, was delightful. The characters were charming and at times a little outrageous - especially for the time period. Like in the very beginning when Horatia takes it upon herself to visit Lord Rule and ask him to marry her in place of her sister Lizzie. And of course, she does all this behind her family's back. Horry proceeds to become the Earl's wife and quickly becomes the toast of the town. She is burdened with a stammer and I got the impression that as the youngest Winwood she was not always taken seriously. Once she becomes a wife, and a wealthy one at that, she lets nothing stand in her way to do whatever she feels she wants to - including catching the eye of Lord Lethbridge. I believe she pursues him only because everyone warns her to stay away from him - and he uses her as a pawn because of his dislike of the Earl. If you are a fan of Jane Austen type romances - and haven't yet tried Georgette Heyer - pick this one up soon. Sourcebooks is reissuing a slew of Georgette Heyer books - mysteries, romances and historical fiction. A whole new generation will be able to appreciate these works!
6305678715|5.0|With Mark Harmon and Sean Connery what more could you ask for? Maybe not one of the top thrillers, but definately worth your time.
B0028T6XXY|1.0|I love Michael Buble. I've been waiting for this DVD for the longest time. Planned a whole date night with my husband around it. I am seriously disappointed. IT'S NOT THE WHOLE CONCERT. It's only about six songs. I'm going to go to his website. There's a special edition there. I don't know if it's the whole concert, but it's longer than this. So this one was a total waste of money. I wanted to see him sing Lost, and Feeling Good. Neither are on the DVD, but on the CD. Hell I already had his CD.
B000001DYJ|5.0|it's kiss live and no matter which version of the band it is, it still smokes.detractors wanna argue that it's not original - don't listen to it.as big of an original KISS fan i am there's no denying the talent of each and every \\"replacement\\" member. so no matter which version of the band it is, still rocks. 35 YEARS and counting. not bad for band who they once said would never be around for a second album
B00005JPNY|1.0|I had hopes for this film, but it certainly left me lacking, especially the generally unemotional interactions between characters. Most of the movie seemed dark or washed of color. The concepts had so much unexplored potential or was missing some meaty back-history that would have given the present moments more meaning. Some of the CG was nicely done, but not exceptional. Overall, I was just plain bored while watching this film.
B001GQACGE|5.0|the cd is in a very good condition. I'm happy with that, and dont have any problem
0525421033|5.0|There isn't a lot to say about this book other than the fact that it is simply amazing.  I am not a big reader and was given this book as a gift.  I read it in two sittings and couldn't stop.  I started reading this and couldn't stop!!!  If your looking for a heartwarmingly beautiful book that is easy to relate to, pick this book up!    Like I said, easy read, totally worth it, and wish that more books were as beautiful as this one is!
B000001ELL|5.0|yeah this album had \\"i was made for loving you\\" and i remember it being a pretty big hit. but the rest of the album is straight rock and not \\"disco\\". they would make that mistake with the next album.
B001UGIIMA|4.0|I've always loved this movie, but I thought the Blu-Ray picture quality was about average.  The audio may be better than the DVD, or it might be my imagination.  If you already have this on DVD, I'd say it's not worth buying the Blu-Ray unless you're a huge fan of the movie.  But without any extra content or other special goodies, the Blu-Ray isn't significantly better than the DVD.
B00005JLKB|5.0|At a time around 2004 I wrote a small review saying the Smallville sucked.I was wrong.I had only seen it on TV but when I watched it from the start it was brilliant. A great cast helps the show,plus the DVD has cyrstal clear picture giving no need to buy Blu-Ray.Plus,Allisoon Mack (Chole) is hot!!! Enjoy!!!
0316017922|5.0|The book may or may not be so original for the experts on the subject, but to me, it was extremely original, interesting, thought provoking, fun to read and revealing. I am a rather successful person myself who tries to understand the routes to success so that I can maybe try to lead my three children accordingly. Towards that end I found the book very very useful. Having read all his other books, I think Gladwell is a pathbraker. Congratulations. Thoroughly enjoyed every single page.
B0002EXH40|5.0|Megadeth 3rd cd in the trilogy at the top. RUST IN PEACE, COUNTDOWN TO EXCTINCTION, YOUTHANASIA.This album is amazing not a bad track on it. This album is very heavy and loud. The album starts of with the heavy riff of Reckoning Day a great album opener the album is just amazing from the start to finish. My favourite tracks have to be Victory , The Killing Road, Train Of Conseqeunces, Reckoning Day & A Toute Le Monde.
B001608QVS|5.0|I have been collecting everything Clint Eastwood for a while now--primarily because he has done a wide variety of movies, many of which I feel are underrated, but also because it's just fun to watch some of the sillier stuff.<br /><br />I already had all of these movies on DVD before I bought this set, and I was on the fence for a while, but I took the plunge and I am glad I did.  This would make a _great_ gift for the hardware fan of either Clint Eastwood or Dirty Harry specifically.<br /><br />The picture quality of _Dirty Harry_ didn't seem noticeably better on my 55\\" TV than the upconverted DVD, but the later movies seemed to benefit more and looked fantastic.  Of course, these don't look as incredible as the modern movies on Blu-Ray, but there's limitations of the original source material.<br /><br />The extra bonus materials come in both the commentaries and video features as well as some \\"toys\\" in the box--some copies of letters relating to the creation of these movies, and a booklet about the movies.  These extras definitely compensate for any lack of improved picture, whether real or imagined.<br /><br />If you don't have these movies already, you'll have to decide if it's worth the 50% premium for the Blu-Ray copies over DVD.  But if you're collecting up Clint Eastwood or have a particular affinity for these movies, definitely get this set.<br /><br />And if you're considering this as a gift for the Clint Eastwood fan in your life, I'd say you can't go wrong.
1416955070|5.0|Great book! I have been reading a lot of fantasy books recently and this is by far the best. The characters and plot line are really strong!
159448385X|5.0|After all the glowing reviews received from readers of \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns (ATSS)\\", it would seem superfluous to say that Khaled Hosseini has truly surpassed himself and written a book that tops even his superlative debut novel \\"The Kite Runners\\". And just how book critics have so unconscionably ignored this gloriously stupendous piece of work in their annual choice of best novels is beyond me. Not quite literary or arty enough perhaps ?  Or a tad too melodramatic perhaps for critics from the civilized world who cannot quite bring themselves to believe that the inhumane conditions under which women live (as described in the book) still exists in some parts of the world today ?      For me, the heartbreaking story of Mariam and Laila and the excruciating pain and suffering they haplessly endured under the household terror regime of Rasheed isn't only about endurance, sacrifice and love but above all a literary representation of the social history of Afghanistan. Through their story, the history of Afghanistan from the Soviet Invasion years to the liberation then Taleban years comes alive and remains forever etched in the minds of readers. There is never a moment when you doubt the truth of the women's pain or the hopelessness of their plight. There are even rare moments of bathos when you realize that even the menfolk such as Mariam's weak but loving father and the monster husband Rasheed are denied the basic freedom of taking personal responsibility for their actions in the cruel, stifling and suffocating society that these characters inhabit. When the two women eventually overcome their initial feelings of rivalry (for what though ? not love surely but rather the humiliating patronage of their husband) to suddenly realize that only their mutual camaraderie and support can save them, that's when the novel's battlecry for women's rights burn the brightest before transmuting into the most natural of love existing between mother and daughter that would break a million hearts.      ATSS is simply the best novel I have read all year. I would give it 6 stars if I could. It is a must read for any serious lover of literature. Forget about the book critics and their advocacy. Do they know better ? Sometimes though not always. You are better off trusting the judgment of readers when they are SO in agreement.
B00000AFDW|5.0|album rocks,buy it. now you can argue the involvement of peter and ace with this. some say all 4 are only on 2 tracks.undoubtedly the producer thought peter needed some relief. as far as the guitars are concerned-PAUL , ACE , BRUCE , TOMMY- all kiss guitarists. should have put all 15 songs recorded for cd on it though.The main highlights are the energetic title track, Within, Into the Void and the fist pumping anthem I Pledge Allegiance. Others are very fine like We are One, Dreamin' and Journey of 1,000 Years.
0694515302|5.0|I am new to small business after spending a career in the US Marine Corps. This book is great for new comers and experienced personnel alike. It teaches you the shortfalls and how to avoid them.  It is listed on Inc Magazines top 10 books.   Semper Fi,  Dave
B001795SH8|4.0|It's fairly extraordinary when a conductor apologizes for his performance and replaces it with better. But that's virtually the case with Claudio Abbado's new Beethoven symphony cycle, which replaces his former one with the Berliners from 2000. A year later Abbado made a live cycle from Rome on DVD, and this is the audio portion of those readings. DG claims on the label that the earlier set will no longer be available (it hasn't disappeared from Amazon, however).<br /><br />What has changed between 2000 and 2001?  To start with the most positive, Abbado has backed off from too-brisk tempos here and there. For example, the Eroica has gained a couple  of minutes, for the better. More importantly, he has decided to dig in more. The earlier accounts felt like once-over-lightly much of the time. (Some parts of the new set still do, such as the slow movement of the Pastorale, which races past the brook in a sports car.) Finally, the sound has improved, bringing the wind soloists to the fore, whereas in the earlier cycle the distant microphone placement and unfocused orchestral sound added to a sense of detachment that made the whole set musically unsatisfying.<br /><br />Did Abbado suddenly become a much better Beethoven conductor? I wouldn't say that. His tempos are still brisk in the manner of Osmo Vanska, Paavo Jarvi, and Bernard Haitink in his LSO Live cycle. It's the last who provides the best comparison. Haitink, like Abbado, has never been profound in Beethoven, and speeding up the proceedings doesn't bring a sea change. But both conductors seem interested in Beethoven after all these years.  Their younger rivals have more drastic and controversial things to say, which seems only natural. I wish I could report that the live concert setting in Rome galvanized Abbado to more passionate readings, but that's not the case. For better or worse, once the Berlin Phil. has perfected a performance, spontaneous impulses don't enter the picture.<br /><br />Abbado's ace under the table is the magnificent execution and polished aplomb of his orchestra. I'm not sure aplomb is a quality I value in Beethoven; Karajan carried it too far in his latter years.  Like him, Abbado doesn't view Beethoven as a rugged individualist and volcanic revolutionary. Since I do, we can't meet eye to eye here. But there are enough virtues in this new cycle that it deserves high marks -- it's decidedly better than the earlier cycle it is pushing off the shelf.cent execution and polished aplomb of his orchestra. I'm not sure aplomb is a quality I value in Beethoven; Karajan carried it too far in his latter years.  Like him, Abbado doesn't view Beethoven as a rugged individualist and volcanic revolutionary. Since I do, we can't meet eye to eye here. But there are enough virtues in this new cycle that it deserves high marks -- it's decidedly better than the earlier cycle it is pushing off the shelf.
0385341008|5.0|When I opened this book, I didn't think I'd like it. I thought it would be a silly romance with a bit of history; and I wasn't impressed by the first few letters. But I kept reading and all of a sudden I thought \\"I love this book!\\" Kept on loving it all the way through. It has everything -- smart and quirky characters, important issues, historical information, literary references and a wonderful second story about the authors.
0425223523|4.0|I think most readers and lovers of Austen will know before picking up these pastiches and \\"extensions\\" whether or not it is their \\"scene\\" and therefore should not be hypercritical simply because a writer has attempted one.  I have not read many of them and so tried to approach this one from a neutral POV.  Capt Wentworth and Col Brandon are two of my favourite Austen male characters so I was intrigued to see what the author would do with them.<br /><br />The story is a good \\"fit\\" with Persuasion and I think that overall the author has done a good job of creating a workable synergy.  She fills in some gaps, shows how the initial courtship may have progressed and imagines Frederick's feelings about it and the resulting rejection.  I liked his brother Edward who gets quite a central role in this book and is that sort of robust, jolly, down to earth, sensible clergyman so much missed today in the C of E.  I'd have liked to learnt more about his story and his wife.<br /><br />If there is a downside to the story, for me it is that I am not now so sure if I still love Capt Wentworth.  In some respects, he is a little hard on Anne (owing, I suppose, to his own youth initially) but once he meets Anne again, I thought that he does act pretty realistically for a young and ambitious man.  He is pretty class conscious himself making a good match for Sir Walter's snobbery.  And yet, he has friends and family who are strictly middle class.  Somehow, the author has given him not one but two clay feet and in doing so, has rubbed off a little of his romantic glow.<br /><br />I agree with the reviewer here who said it was as well that the author did not attempt to write about his naval career - that would have been very much against the grain of Austen's stories because she never directly alludes to current events in her life.<br /><br />All in all I think this was a pretty good effort and I look forward to reading Col Brandon's story which I think ought to be quite interesting.
B00013RC8O|1.0|I can't think of one redeeming part of this movie but then I never did dope. I never was a big fan of the flower children. Glorifying someone who is putting people's lives at risk and popping pills is just stupid. If I ever wondered, how do you make a boring car chase movie, this movie answers the question.
B001KVZ6ES|5.0|My last name is a long Polish word which translates into \\"parsley\\" in English.  Eastwood's acting and directing is flawless.  Walt Kowalski, as Clint portrays him, reflects quite accurately just what my father's and uncles' (old-fashioned) Polish characters were very much like. We also had Italian in-laws in the family... and the exchange of verbiage, during family get-togethers, was a lot like that which occurred between Walt and his barber in the movie.<br />  The movie does reveal a marvelous fluidity of Walt's character; Walt does drop much of his ingrained structures of prejudice, at times... and this change from prejudice to compassion is very bright and sunny.  Humanity can change from rigid perspectives to more insightful and compassionate intelligence.<br />  As an aging man, I could relate to Walt's sagacious reflections and physical ailments and problems.  My favorite philosopher, J.Krishnamurti (who lived part of each year in Ojai, California), when he was alive, was very appreciative of many of Clint's films; Krishnamurti died at the age of 91.  He would have relished Grand Torino, with its perceptions beyond organized religion and its probing into flowering insight/compassion, i'm sure!
B00005JM02|5.0|DVD IN GREAT CONDITION! ARRIVED VERY FAST. WILL BE USING THIS SELLER AGIN IN THE NEAR FUTURE!. I WILL RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE I KNOW! THANKS A BUNCH!
B000AADYRQ|5.0|I don't review here often, so I am not going to go crazy here, but this is one of those records that I can listen to over and over and over, almost every song.  There are not a lot of those for me (OK Computer, Murmur, Pale, Luna Park, Joshua Tree, Moondance, Exile, This year's model, etc.)....    this is just a phenomenal listen
B001U6YI92|5.0|This is my favorite western!  It looks fantastic in blu-ray format!  Tuco, as a character, is very comical, interesting, and ugly!  Angel Eyes looks diabolical, menacing and ultra-bad! Clint, as usual, looks to be good and shoots well!<br />  It's a great spagetti western! The way it depicts confederate prisoners is touching and of historical interest.  Many people do not realize the suffering and death that occurred in prison camps on both sides during the civil war.  For example, almost 30 percent of the prisoners confined to Andersonville during the camp's 13 month existence died there. Most succumbed to dysentery, gangrene, diarrhea and scurvy. The Confederates lacked adequate facilities, personnel and medical supplies to arrest the diseases. An average of more than 900 prisoners died each month. The poorly-equipped and -staffed camp hospital was woefully inadequate to deal with the wretched conditions. Confederate surgeon Joseph Jones called Andersonville \\"a giant mass of human misery.\\"
B001UW58WW|5.0|This CD is wonderful! I first found out about this artist after watching him being interviewed on tv. I fell in love with the way that he plays the Violin; how passionate he is and decided I would look to see if it was sold online. The price at which Amazon sells it is sooo much cheaper than what it was being advertised on tv and on many other websites! The delivery was very quick and I am extremely happy with my purchase.
0060763280|5.0|Excellent book! It's a MUST read for EVERYONE!  I think it should be the 1st book you pick up to read before all the rest of the financial educational material you choose to jump into
1423113497|5.0|The Percy Jackson series has action, humor (the chapter titles are hilarious) and really catches the reader.  Great for boys or girls and a fun way to learn or relearn about mythological creatures.
0061767581|5.0|Perfect answer to several questions...how do cameras affect reality stars lives, are they aware of the changes, how do they deal with them, who is lauren conrad really, can she write, what am I going to read this weekend at the pool, what is going to satisfy my 'hills\\" craving now that lauren is gone?    Sweet little book on many levels.  I'm very proud of the person that Lauren has become.  If reality TV did anything right, it was choosing her as the star and not killing her spirit in the process.  She is someone for young girls to look up to and aspire to.  I know I have learned much from her and I'm practically a decade older.  Lauren has carried herself with grace and dignity and she is an example in Hollywood and beyond.  Good job, Lauren!
B00005QDW1|5.0|Hella Good is one of the best albums from No Doubt...Couldn't stop listening to it.<br /><br />I had order this cd and it was quoted to arrive in 5-7 business days.  When the arrival date came and pasted and called and complained.  After some resistance from th customer care agent he finally agreed to send me my cd's by expedited FedEx.  The first set of cd's didn't arrive until another week later.  I advise to never have something like that to arrive my US Mail.  It is a nightmare.
1433503794|5.0|This study Bible is the very best! It is very beautiful in appearance with the deep orange and brown cover...looks so elegant. And the notes are invaluable guides to understanding the Scripture. The ESV version is easy to read and a very accurate translation. I own many Bibles, and this one is by far the best!
0810993139|5.0|My grandson was so excited when he opened my gift of three Wimpy Kid books.  This was the first one he picked to read.  He took it with him in the car and never put it down.  He loved the first one that he read which was the second last one published and could not believe his good fortune to receive all the rest of them.
B000UPSKO8|5.0|Now I know how the career of Elina Garanca is progressing having first seen her in Cardiff Singer of the World a few years ago.  On this DVD all performers of the highest calibre for voice and personality.  I can thoroughly recommend it.
B000RZIGVS|4.0|Star Trek the Next Generation makes good sense for science fiction fans who want hours and hours of top quality sci-fi fun. This collection can be enjoyed again and again.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I remember watching this show on Mtv when that channel wasn't a complete disaster. Daria was my favorite show on that network because the writing was smart, the characters were strong (the writers did an exemplary job of developing them throughout the series) and the animation was original. Overall the show was intelligent, hilarious and when appropriate, heartfelt.    I'm not sure why it's not already on DVD and from what I can tell a lot of people are interested in changing that. According to an online petition I found, 28,000 people have already signed it in an attempt to make the series available on DVD[...]  I really like this show and hope one day I'll be able to buy all the seasons.
B0000AUHPG|5.0|Once Upon a Time in the West is a great western film, it just isn't the all time masterpiece that some claim it is in my view.  A widow, two bandits, and a mysterious loner battle in a small western town for love, power, and money.  This story is considerably more complex than most Westerns, and it takes awhile for the story to develop and the layers to be revealed.  As the film opens, the widows family is gunned down by one of the bandits, and he tries to make it look like the other did it.  The themes are pretty common, love, money, and power, but the story is complex and compelling.<br /><br />The strength of this film is the casting and the acting of the four primary actors in this film.  This has to be one of Henry Fonda's greatest roles.  He is so sinister and evil in this film, he just feels like a bad guy.  A real cold hearted [...]!  Charles Bronson plays the quiet loner (the Clint Eastwood like role in the earlier Man with No Name films) to a T (he reminded me of Chato - a character from a film CB was to make a few years later), and Jason Robards the rough but basically good hearted bandit.  Finally, Claudia Cardinale is more than window dressing in the role of the tough minded widow.  She was, in my opinion, able to display a range of emotions to convincingly carry her role.  Second, the sets are so well made, there is a real gritty feel to the whole film, you really feel transported to the old west.  There is so much attention to detail in the sets, in the costumes, in the characters.  Even the back of the neck of Jason Robards was unshaven to give him a real scruffy, live-in-the-wild look.  Charles Bronson also has a GREAT line in the opening of the film.  He gets off a train and three bad guys (including Jack Elam and Woody Strode) are waiting to gun him down.  Bronson asks if they brought a horse for him and Jack Elam replies that they don't have an extra horse.  Bronson then quips that in fact the brought two too many horses.  The title of my review is Bronson's quip.<br /><br />The problem with this films are significant.  First, the film is too long and the plot too slow.  I'm not at all against long films when the time is well spent (compare this film with Tarkovsky's Andrei Rublev in which every minute of the film is important for creating the overall impact), but this film could have been significantly edited for content.  The film takes a long time to get to the point, and when it finally does we learn that this is a pretty simple revenge story.  The big gunfight at the end is somewhat anti-climactic.  Additionally, there are some bizarre jumps in time and space in the film.  The transitions between scenes could have been done better.  For example, in one scene Claudia Cardinale is Frank's prisoner, then she is suddenly selling her land at an auction.  Not quite sure what happened in between.  Finally, I found the music to be a bit annoying.  The idea of using the sounds of water dropping, etc. at the beginning of the film rather than an opening score was brilliant, but the rest of the music was rather timorous in my view and became annoying after nearly 3+ hours.  Finally, some of the spaghetti western cinematographic tricks (like close ups of eyes as they shift back and forth to express emotion) seem, in this film, a bit worn.<br /><br />Bottom line is that this is an outstanding film, but I think that Leone's earlier films with Clint Eastwood (particularly the last two in the No Name series) were better.  There are easily a dozen other Westerns better than this one as well.  A great, if far from perfect, film and worth watching many times.  Still rates 5 stars.on's quip.    The problem with this films are significant.  First, the film is too long and the plot too slow.  I'm not at all against long films when the time is well spent (compare this film with Tarkovsky's Andrei Rublev in which every minute of the film is important for creating the overall impact), but this film could have been significantly edited for content.  The film takes a long time to get to the point, and when it finally does we learn that this is a pretty simple revenge story.  The big gunfight at the end is somewhat anti-climactic.  Additionally, there are some bizarre jumps in time and space in the film.  The transitions between scenes could have been done better.  For example, in one scene Claudia Cardinale is Frank's prisoner, then she is suddenly selling her land at an auction.  Not quite sure what happened in between.  Finally, I found the music to be a bit annoying.  The idea of using the sounds of water dropping, etc. at the beginning of the film rather than an opening score was brilliant, but the rest of the music was rather timorous in my view and became annoying after nearly 3+ hours.  Finally, some of the spaghetti western cinematographic tricks (like close ups of eyes as they shift back and forth to express emotion) seem, in this film, a bit worn.    Bottom line is that this is an outstanding film, but I think that Leone's earlier films with Clint Eastwood (particularly the last two in the No Name series) were better.  There are easily a dozen other Westerns better than this one as well.  A great, if far from perfect, film and worth watching many times.  Still rates 5 stars.
B000UJ48VI|4.0|Maybe I'm more favorably disposed toward this film because I have no loyalty at all toward the novel.  I had to put down the book, never to return, after the hotel scene in which Humbert screws his 12-year-old stepdaughter.  That may be a vulgar way of putting it, but one of things I disliked about the novel was how the ugly facts of pedophila and child molestation got embellished in long passages of thick purple prose, the suffocating inner workings of Humbert's sick mind, which may ultimately have been the writer's objective but I found the whole premise too repulsive to continue.    As noted in another review here, Kubrick takes us out of Humbert's mind and observes Humbert objectively in context with others.  And his Lolita is older than Nabokov's, looking more like 16, and acting like a wily and precocious femme fatale who makes fools of men of all ages.   And since the men act like fools, it's natural that this would become a comedy, albeit a dark one. I can appreciate reviewers who object to the inclusion of Peter Sellers' shtick because it tends to trivialize the tone of the film; the bit with Sellers as the cliched Austrian psychoanalyst was maybe too TV, though the juxtaposition of this Goon Show-like character and Mason's carefully mannered, uptight Humbert was truly funny, especially the expression on Mason's face--almost as though he was thinking, \\"Kubrick, what the hell is going on here??\\".  I think that Kubrick used Sellers to much better effect later in \\"Dr. Strangelove\\", which may have been the result of his experimenting with Sellers in \\"Lolita\\".     Anyway, on the whole the performances are good and there are great comedic moments.  There is a tragic feel toward the end of the film as we see Humbert's pathetic attempts to maintain and protect his idealized life with Lolita as it rapidly falls apart, and Mason delivers a standout performance of this.      So, see the film on its own terms, don't expect the novel, and enjoy.
1400031524|4.0|This is my first Mankell book. Wallander is a wonderful character. As an middle-aged man, I can relate to Wallander's self doubt and self questioning. His co-workers have far more respect for him than he does for himself. I am in a happy marriage, but I can understand how Wallander as a divorced, lonely guy falls in love with every eligible woman he meets. He solves the case more through bull dog tenacity than cleverness, although he is far from stupid.     He paints a bleak Latvia and I have no idea whether it is historically accurate. I went to post Soviet Hungary back in 2000. I can visualize the architecture he was talking about, but I am sure there is no comparison with the culture.    The book is suspenseful, but the plot pushes credulity at times. The author doesn't make him out to be James Bond, but the action sequences for this character doesn't quite fit. The plot is suspenseful and there is nice turns in the plot. How he solves the puzzles is satisfying. He is not perfect, but he is methodical and determined. The book is a good read.
B001PU8N0I|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this BBC film adaptation of Little Dorrit.  There were a few plot changes that I felt were not needed to \\"update\\" this magnificent novel; however they were fewer than the previous film. While I applaud the creativity of the earlier Edzard production, as well as some of the acting, I feel it did not do justice to the novel; so many of the characters that Dickens created were missing from that earlier adaptation. Please be true to the novel. If Dickens felt the character should be in the book or that a particular chapter was necessary, don't omit it. I have read Dickens, and with no disrespect to Ms Edzard, she is certainly no Dickens. Don't try to improve on his mastery. The new BBC adaptation of this novel recently aired on PBS. It is delightful and is worth watching. In my opinion, Dickens would have preferred it over the Edzard production.  Having said this, nothing (including the BBC film) is a substitute for reading the actual novel. Even this extraordinary production cannot surpass the excellence of Dickens own prose, and a film or television drama is not the same as reading a great novel.  They are two different art forms.  Little Dorrit was created as a novel, and in my opinion, that is the best way to experience it. A novel can provide you with a point of view that a film can only hint at.  You cannot easily verbalize what the character is thinking or feeling as you can in writing.  What the author describes in words can only be reproduced as the producer's own interpretation.  The reader may have a very different vision of the author's words. Still, I would recommend this DVD.  It is a fine film in its own right.
B0009FU0ZQ|4.0|My husband and I are new to the Jesse Stone series of movies, and we were very impressed with the series. We watched \\"Stone Cold\\" and proceeded to watch the rest of the titles in the series within a week. The stories are engaging and the writing is intelligent, elevating the movies above just another ho-hum police procedural.<br /><br />In \\"Jesse Stone: Stone Cold\\", Jesse Stone [played by Tom Selleck] is the Chief of Police in the small New England town of Paradise, MA. In this first movie in the series, not much background info is given about Jesse, but viewers get the sense that he is battling some personal demons, such as a drinking problem, and also issues with his ex-wife, Jen, who keeps calling Jesse throughout the movie but whom viewers never get a chance to see.<br /><br />Then there are the series of murders that crop up in town - seemingly random targets shot twice in the chest. Jesse suspects serial killers and actually, viewers are clued in early on as to who the perps are. There is also a side story arc about a young teen who is gang-raped by some boys at school and Jesse has to figure out how to bring them to justice. Both these story arcs are neatly tied in, and flow in a seamless fashion.<br /><br />I thought the writing was intelligent - the dialogue is crisp, and Jesse is a man of few words. This is not a shoot em' up sort of movie, but a slowly simmering police procedural that takes its time developing the characters and plot, and the result is a satisfying viewing experience.
0756405890|5.0|I don't have time to read as much as I used to, so I typically don't pick something up unless it's been recommended by someone with similar tastes. This unassuming book caught my eye, and I'm so glad I took a chance. I now recommend it to everyone I know. The characters are believable, the plot is engaging and never boring, and I'm anxiously awaiting the next book in the series. It's been a long time since I felt that way about any series.
B000OVLBFS|5.0|I love the Jesse Stone series of movies, and Tom Selleck does an excellent job portraying the lead character - a man of few words, battling personal demons, yet dedicated to the pursuit of justice.<br /><br />Though \\"Jesse Stone: Stone Cold\\" was released first on DVD, it's \\"Night Passage\\" that gives viewers background information on Jesse. Jesse's alcoholism leads to the breakdown of his marriage [though there is a deeper reason for his alcoholism in the first place] and losing his job as an LA homicide detective. So Jesse attempts a new life by moving to a small town called Paradise in MA, accepting the position of police chief.<br /><br />Jesse soon finds that he's got more to do than just the average small-town shenanigans, and the major theme here is corruption. This series is not meant for the adrenaline junkie because there is no big shoot em' up scenes, but the plot unfolds in a leisurely manner, taking time to tell the story and developing characters. Highly recommended!
1401207138|5.0|I couldn't believe my eyes when I got my Absolute Watchmen. I have no words to express how wonderful this edition is. Oversized, overluxuous, overwhelming. Highly recommended.
B000FDEUFS|5.0|Simply put, Eat a Peach is one of the greatest albums released by one of the most talented bands of all time. Don't be fooled by the \\"southern rock\\" title given to the Allman Brothers because they really aren't. The best way to describe them is a blues,jazz band that jams. Don't get me wrong I love Southern Rock like Skynyrd and Molly Hatchet but the Allman Brothers are in a different league. They don't just play pop/rock radio hits but amazing jazz jams. Just because they have some roaring guitars and southern voices people automatically consider them southern rock.  Mountain Jam is the best song and defines what the Allman Brothers are all about. Eat a Peach is the perfect Brothers album because it has all the jamming of \\"Fillmore East\\" and all the radio friendly hits of \\"Brothers and Sisters\\" and \\"Beginnings\\". Fall in love with the Allman Brothers Band with \\"Eat a Peach\\"! If you're a fan of music you will buy this album.
0891419195|5.0|I was fortunate enough to serve in W. Germany during the \\"cold war,\\" with the US Army. Although there was the threat of combat, luckily it didn't happen for us. However, what these guys went through was pure man made hell on earth. It's not just the combat, but more so the stresses of unrelenting heat, humidity, decay, exhaustion, fear, etc. I think taking a bullet through the head would have ended up the easy way out, it was those who survived that in some respects had it the toughest. This country can never fully repay these Marines. Hopefully, they all found their peace with God.
B0026NWBY2|3.0|Ok, number one, I heard the downloaded version with the added bonus number(Isn't It A Pity - Earliest demo version) to round this collection off to 20 tracks which is a joke because the track should have been added to the original CD version. I mean, it is one track(if more then \\"1\\" it would have run well over 80 minutes on CD), well, I really don't want to get started on this bonus track garbage. Second it really should have been a 2 CD set! simple as that, three, it should have been released while George was alive, I mean it's a little late in my opinion. George got reamed on the first \\"Best Of\\" package because of the selected tracks, his second best of was ad least looked over by George and more or less he was happy with it and this one comes out 8 years after his death. I don't get it, well, the sound is really good with Giles Martin going over the mixes but the song selection will always be questioned by anyone who likes Harrisons songs. I personally thought a 2 CD set would have corrected that situation or better yet, a second CD of rarities, oh well, be happy with this one because I doubt that another \\"Best Of\\" collection will come out. As for the downloaded version I heard, it was someone elses and if they are happy with it, great. I guess better late then never record buyers, I wonder about that, this release is all up to your tastes ;-)<br /><br />Drop by my website sometime and say \\"Hi\\" Google it \\"Judemac Forever\\"
B001G0MFOM|5.0|Everyone needs to just calm down!!!! Ok this season, I admit, has some flaws... ok they are MAJOR FLAWS! However, if you keep in mind that this whole season was still entertaining, it was just more of a WTF shock value entertainment.  It completes the TV SERIES of this amazing show.  But season six just reaks of a forshawdowing of a possible movie followup that answers all the questions that season 6 leaves open.  Even if it wasn't like Sex and the City where it hits the big screen, it could still echo Prison Break and just go strait to DVD.  Who knows, this may not happen and then we are truly just left with a shi--y ending but it completes one of the best series ever so I'll still recommend buying it.  But I do seriously see them trying to make a little more money by redoing this ending.  Which is shady and totally hollywood but at least it does give us one more extended & hopefully enlightening episode to watch!
0307266303|5.0|There are those who might say that you need to know what ultramarathoning is before reading the book, but the author does a good job of 'filling in the blanks' for non-runners.  As for the one reviewer who said that the author claimed that the Tarahumara ran on water and so on, that is incorrect.  The author does quote others who claim that the tribe perform some amazing feats of running, but you still get the sense that the Tarahumara are still quite human.  Besides the death of a child that occurs later in the book, I found it sad that the Tarahumara culture is struggling to survive more than ever due to the desire of corrupt politicians to put more roads in the area to help the drug traffickers (as well as the violence inflicted upon them by said drug traffickers).  My one minor quibble with the book is that there doesn't seem to be enough attention brought to this fact, but then, that would probably deviate drastically from the book that the author intended to write in the first place.
B001I8C498|5.0|I teach middle school and I love to use this book at the end of the year for my graduating students. No matter how old you are, this book gives hope and anticipation for the future in a fun format. I recommend it for all grade levels.
B001U0HBPG|5.0|Great film, easy to watch but mesmerizing.  Wonderful actors in the film and the storyline was mind blowing, similar to the book.  A must see film.
B001LHMW8Y|5.0|Amazing...like the title say. Album and Service, this is the BEST version of the Fame by Lady Gaga, as well as the best service when purchasing an album
B0014Z4ON4|4.0|\\"Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom\\", the second of the Indiana Jones series, is a prequel to the first and third movies.  It opens in a nightclub in 1935 China, where Indy attempts to swap precious artifacts with a Chinese gangster.  The swap goes badly, dissolving into a chaotic scramble around the nightclub and a car chase in the streets.  Its principal purpose is to reintroduce action hero archeologist Profesor Indiana Jones (Harrison Ford) and to introduce his co-stars, beautiful nightclub singer Willie Scott (Kate Capshaw) and Indy's young side-kick Short Round (Ke Huy Quan).  The sequence ends with Indy and his companions escaping by plane, unaware they are about to be involuntarily dumped in India.<br /><br />Having survived their hair-raising arrival in India, Indy and his friends find refuge in a small village, where the locals have been robbed of a set of magical stones and of their children.  Indy takes on the mission of recovering the stones, accompanied by Short Round and a reluctant Willie.  Their mission takes them to a grand palace and a close and nearly fatal encounter with the ancient and murderous Thugee Cult.<br /><br />\\"Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom\\" is filled with the thrilling escape sequences, nasty villains, creepy crawlies, booby-trapped rooms and sometimes humorous heroism that audiences came to expect from the series.  Unfortunately, it may be the least loved of the original trilogy.  The clear-cut struggle with the Nazis is swapped for a dark and rather muddled plot featuring a mysterious cult, enslaved children, and magic stones.  For most of the movie, the whiny Willie Scott displays an alarming lack of the fortitude expected of Indy heroines.  The ending, back in the small Indian village, is a little flat since we already know Indy and Willie have no future together.<br /><br />\\"Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom\\" is highly recommended to fans of the Indiana Jones series.  Despite some shortcomings, it is a worthy and entertaining companion to \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark\\" and \\"The Last Crusade.\\"o \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark\\" and \\"The Last Crusade.\\"
0345444051|3.0|Childhood's End is a science fiction saga. For my taste, the individual stories within the saga were too disjointed. You may disagree. The book is 212 pages long - too short for us to really get involved with any one human character. Contrast that with science fiction presented in series format - like \\"Star Trek, the Next Generation\\". A common fairy tale trait is \\"... and they lived happily ever after.\\" This is not a fairy tale. Considering that the story was completed in 1953, it has aged well.<br />  A common trait among good sci fi is that the author needs to have a good imagination. Clarke passes this test. But when he turns his imagination of some story scenes into text, it can be almost like someone trying to describe their dream to you. You may end up more mystified than sated.<br />  Over time far too many sci fi writers have \\"taken the easy road\\" with trite story themes. For example, how many monster sci fi movies have been produced? Clarke succeeds admirably in rising well above such mediocrity.<br />  One common trait of sci fi is that the reader is presented with various mysteries which are subsequently nicely resolved. Asimov did very well with this basic formula. Arthur Clarke presents us with some mysteries that are never resolved. Since he died in 2008, answers will not be showing up in a Clarke sequel.<br />  Perhaps decades ago you saw the movie \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\"? Clarke was the writer, and that movie left viewers hanging with unresolved issues. So at least Clarke is consistent in leaving various mysteries unresolved. Some people night prefer to be challenged to contemplate possibilities, rather than be provided with answers. I lean in the direction of preferring more answers, and that's one reason why I'm rating the book 3 stars instead of 4.
B0018YIFEK|2.0|This author takes an interesting subject,appears to create believable  characters, then ruins the whole effort with an obvious attempt to create  tabloid type,lurid sensationalism. What a cop-out. What a waste of time  to explore and cheapen a serious issue.
0783226837|4.0|This is a scary movie with good suspense-horror and excellent special-effects as huge worm-like creatures go after humans in the desert. It kind of sounds like one of those hokey 1950s sci-fi films but it isn't. This can really scare you at times.    Despite the ton of profanity in here and some dumb dialog and dumb characters,  for sheer suspense for an hour-and-a-half, this has it in spades. The story is involving. Once you get hooked, you can't put this film down. One thing for sure: you will not be bored.     It's hard to believe this film has been out about 20 years.
0765350386|2.0|This book seemed to set the stage for perhaps more interesting story lines ahead. Maybe some character will break out and be more interesting than the rest so far not though and it left me feeling flat. I don't think I'll read the next book, unless I am desperate!
031606792X|2.0|Yeah, you can pass some time reading this overbloated installment of a book, but look at what happens:            Bella chooses to become a vampire and suffers a lot for it, lets herself get pregnant with Edward's baby and then nearly dies from the horrific things it does to her, yet she doesn't want it to die; finally gives birth to the little monstrous hybrid and then takes off on a hunt with Eddie even though she is supposedly wrung out from having birthed the critter; Jacob loses much of his strength and turns into a pawn on a sick chessboard; the Volturi are upset at the whole idea of Renesmee (the incredibly idiotic name given to the critter) but wind up anti-climactically doing very little after a non-showdown with the Olympia coven.  Charlie, meanwhile, seems totally oblivious to all of this.  Just plain goofy.
0743298039|5.0|I loved this book.  It was really easy to read, quick paced, but had a quirky story line.  Very mod-gothic feeling.
630469797X|5.0|Romero's 2nd walking-dead shocker is clearly one of his best ever - as Roger Ebert originally rated \\"Superb\\". For fans of this type of genre (zombie, gore, doomsday), this movie delivers a very robust and satisfying experience. If you are one who likes this sort of thing, this movie is a must. Though it does have the feel of 1978 (feels long at times), I still find it very entertaining. The flow and sound are masterful. It starts in total chaos and panic but soon creeps into a heart-pounding, grim mood that is just wrong! It includes a good amount of human drama, loads of over the top gore, many good one-liners and plenty of funny moments. I have to acknowledge that the remake of Dawn of the Dead is very good, though I still feel this one is the best. I also like all of Romero's \\"Dead\\" movies after this one.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|At first glance ABC's new \\"Castle\\" may seem like your typical, run of the mill drama/comedy. But it absolutely isn't. Nathan Fillion takes the charm and comedic aspects to the next level with quirky and exciting author Rick Castle. And he knows just how to get under Detective Kate Beckett(Stana Katic)'s skin. Kate Beckett is smart and a straight shooter, always looking for the hard facts. Castle's creative mind creates out-of-the-box solutions. Together they make an extraordinary team and solve crimes with an amazing partnership.   The comedy and sarcasm keep the drama and murder-mystery of the show from getting too serious which is always note worthy and keeps you wanting more instead of turning of the television upset over some horrifying crime. All the other actors and actresses give brilliant performances and the family interactions are an extreme plus. Definitely recommended for any one with a smart sense of humour and hunger for solving mystery.
B0001AVZA8|5.0|Jack starts off as a kind of charming jack a** who only dates women under 30 and can never sleep in the bed with a woman he just relations with. Pretty pathetic, huh? Soon he meets Keaton throgh her daughter (I know - keep watching!) and they discover things about themselves they weren't aware of before. What follows is a huge emotional flow of good and bad (and hilarious)! Jack does eventually get a good dose of justice. Nicholson and Keaton are at they're best and really draw you into their characters. The laughs are smart, situational and many! There's also a nice warmth to complete the satisfaction of this gem - nice to re-watch too.
B001PPLKI0|5.0|I bought this CD set because I'm an Elvis fan. Now I'm a gospel fan. The beauty of the harmony, words, melodies should make this a must for an Elvis or gospel fan.  As you listen, you will be inspired and will sing along and even get 'goose pimples' -- very much recommend to all.
B001H5X7I4|5.0|Rude, hilarious, politically incorrect, action packed, gut busting laugh fest! I laughed so hard watching this but must say that it is not for all - the range of reviews makes this very clear. This movie dares to be rude and go where others won't, somewhat in the likes of Carlos Mencia or Blazing Saddles. If you are offended by these, you will be with this one also. However if you enjoy this sort of thing, brace yourself and enjoy! I loved the performances of all the actors. Robert Downey was amazing and Jack Black had me buckled over (strapped to the tree - what a Jack!)
159102594X|5.0|Beginning with \\"The End,\\" and, in the words of Starburst's review, \\"a beginning that is literally a cliffhanger,\\" Abercrombie's first novel in The First Law trilogy, The Blade Itself, stays true to the fast-paced, intricate style that has become popular in modern fantasy and uses dark humor to lead readers on a fast-paced journey through a work that reads like anything but an author's debut novel.     Centering on characters most notable for their flaws, The Blade Itself takes readers on a fascinating journey through a land filled with turbulent countries, brewing wars, treasonous politics, and, in the midst of it all, a wizard from the distant past.    Abercrombie's writing follows the political arenas of several countries, from the people of the North who have been brought together for the first time under the ruthless King Bethod to Gurkham, which has come under the control of a violent new king bent on further conquests. Between them rests the Union, once the powerful kingdom brought together by the wizard Bayaz, now rife with infighting and greed.     The Union controlled by select nobles on the closed council, while power continues to seep out into the growing merchant class as the lines between commoners and nobles blur. Meanwhile, guilds and nobles plot against one another while the King's Inquisition attempts to root out treachery using any means necessary. And both Gurkham and the North have their eyes set on the borders of the Union.    Through it all, Abercrombie follows the adventures of a small group of characters with distinct personalities, whose voices become recognizable early in the tale.     The ancient forces that the First of the Magi, Bayaz, fought in the legendary past are rising up once more to conquer the circle of the world. Drawing an assortment of figures together, from the infamous Bloody-Nine to the lazy nobleman Captain Jezal, Bayaz begins an undertaking that brings the mythical back into the Union, threatens the laws of his order, and just might destroy the world.    A dark comedy, a political pondering, and a journey filled with fights and triumphs, Abercrombie brings a vibrant world to the public that will appeal to a vast range of readers whether they are looking for philosophy, psychology, adventure, or comedy with a dash of romance thrown in.
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|In the genre of a psychological drama/mystery, every detail of this movie is executed with brilliance and perfection. You're instantly drawn into the world of John Nash, a mathematical genius who is severely handicapped in other ways. You experience all the drama, pain and triumphs as he does in his awkward struggle through college, career, family and social life. There are a couple of great twists here. All acting was great. The casting of Christopher Plummer was very clever - if you've seen it, you know what I mean! It's real gem that thrills, warms and satisfies.
B001TKKAJG|5.0|MUSIC FROM BIG PINK was recorded and produced by John Simon , using  Sennheiser and Shure  microphones , with an array of Revox 16 track recorders and outboard live mixers in a New York studio .  Technically, the sound recording was revolutionary for a rock band.  Simon recorded and mixed MUSIC FROM BIG PINK like a classical recording ,  More like recording a chamber music group than a rock quintet.    The vinyl version is considered to be the standard for this particular piece ; the 200 gram version is highly recommended .    Original Master Recording comes very close to the vinyl standard .  Playback is the issue here, depending upon the playback system available.  Any decent audiophile quality system will do .  The main requirement is to playback using a SACD player , with multi analog outputs , rather than using a standard stereo CD playback mode.  The hybrid SACD will only deliver the SACD sound via this mode.   The amplifier should be SACD compatible as well.  The OPPO SACD player for example delivers the goods.  Hybrid SACD works using this playback mode.    This recording of MUSIC FROM BIG PINK has excellent depth and soundstage  with precise separation of the vocals and instruments.  It sounds \\"live\\" and breathes with presence .  Highly recommended .
B000AJIF4E|5.0|There are many people in the world who pay no attention to the headphones they buy, and regret it later. It's one of those mini comforts in our world that no one pays attention to until it's too late.<br /><br />I've been through many headphones of many different types because I listen to music several times a day. I also listen to it in many different environments. If you are listening in your own home, this pair of headphones is the best, ever, hands-down. It is SUPER comfortable for an extended duration of time (I've listened to music for up to eight hours on this pair and haven't felt any pressure build-up) and the sound/bass is FANTASTIC. I'm not an expert on low, mid, and high range tones but I can definitely tell that my music - in its entirety being VERY diverse - sounds great on all fronts whether the bass or a singing voice is emphasized.<br /><br />Outside noise is very well muffled. Even when silent, you will have trouble hearing what someone is saying to your face. Definitely my preference. Another preference of mine is its flexibility. It folds very well into a compact size making it very easy to carry with you. The cord is a little long and unwieldy sometimes, but I would rather have it too long than too short.<br /><br />If you want something for sports or exercise, this isn't for you. But in those cases, you're probably not worrying too much about audio quality so you should look elsewhere anyway. For those who really want to HEAR their music, and not the outside world, this is the pair for you for a decent price.<br /><br />I've had this pair for four years and after extended use it doesn't look any different than the day I bought it brand new; I haven't detected any degrade in audio either with age.
0316044695|5.0|This book should be mandatory read for every Senator, Congressman, Teacher, Reporter, and Parent in America.  Everyday Americans have no idea the sacrifice our men and women in uniform make. This is the ONLY book that I have ever read that brought me to tears.  I had to put the book down several times just to compose myself. But it haunted me, I had to dive back in.  Being the son of a valiant Vietman Veternan, I hold Luttrel and his fellow SEALs in the highest respect.  Marcus, Thank you for staying alive so we could know the true story of the Battle of Murphy's Ridge.  God Bless You!
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|I got this movie on a whim, in part because I am tired of seeing Americans turning into either fat blobs or pussies afraid of their own shadow (or worse, self-righteous morons who really think government is the answer to everything.<br /><br />Eastwood might hate the comparison, but this is a collage that goes well beyond [[ASIN:0800179501 The Karate Kid]] meets [[ASIN:B0000YTP02 Secondhand Lions (New Line Platinum Series)]].<br /><br />It most assuredly is right up there with [[ASIN:B0009JVUHY Million Dollar Baby (Full Screen Edition)]] and [[ASIN:0790731959 Absolute Power]].<br /><br />It's hard to sum up this movie so I will say just three things:<br /><br />1.  He weaves every possible American hard-ass self-made man image in as gracefully as it could be done.<br /><br />2.  He does for the hill people of Viet-Nam what [[ASIN:B00094AS9U Bride and Prejudice]] did for India but without the music, love, and dance.<br /><br />3.  The ending is spectacular--Eastwood's voice in the background, slow singing against a visual as the Gran Torino drives toward the future with its special passenger who inherited from the master.  For this alone I would rent or buy the DVD.
0718149912|5.0|It's a fun book about fashion and well worth the money ($7). Victoria detailed how to dress up in every occasion. She's also a fun writer with wicked  humor. If you love fashion and enjoy clothing, I think you will find this book a nice entertainment.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|George Harrison turned out so much incredible music throughout his lengthy career that no single CD could ever be a full-fledged, career-spanning retrospective. It's not that this album is bad; it's actually quite good and there's not a dud in the bunch. The sound quality is so wonderful that you'll feel like you were actually there when George recorded these numbers! The liner notes are excellent and that artwork is well done, too. To do proper justice to George, however, this really should have been a two CD set. For example, this doesn't give us \\"Bangladesh\\" or \\"Crackerbox Palace.\\" However, the album has been released, so the best thing we can hope for now is another release similar to this one--but with two CDs so as to be more comprehensive.<br /><br />I scarcely know where to begin--they're all great. \\"I Got My Mind Set On You\\" is really awesome and it makes a strong beginning for the album. George is in excellent form here. \\"Give Me Love (Give Me Peace on Earth)\\" has a melody that I could never forget; it is lush, unforgettable and moving. \\"Give Me Love (Give Me Peace on Earth)\\" features George front and center--and that's quite all right by me! In addition, \\"Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll)\\" sounds great and it provides a smooth intro to other tunes including \\"My Sweet Lord\\" and the amazing live track of \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps.\\" \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" really moves me with its beauty--not to mention that melancholy ache. It's easy to appreciate songs like \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps;\\" not only is it a true work of art but is also depicts the very human state of melancholy angst that we all experience at times in our lives.<br /><br />\\"All Things Must Pass\\" has an excellent musical arrangement; and there's another gem in \\"This Is Love.\\" Terrific! \\"All Those Years Ago\\" shines bright even all these years later; and \\"Marwa Blues\\" sounds wonderful, too. \\"What Is Life\\" has that fantastic beat and the melody is brighter than silver and gold combined--I love it! \\"When We Was Fab\\" is a look back in time that works well in every way; that keyboard work really enhances the natural beauty of this tune. The live track of \\"Something\\" stuns me with the way George Harrison delivers it; when Frank Sinatra said that this was the best love song of all time he was certainly correct!<br /><br />The live track of \\"Here Comes the Sun\\" couldn't be better; and I really enjoy hearing George perform \\"I Don't Want To Do It.\\" \\"I Don't Want To Do It\\" has a strong arrangement and it amazes me. The CD ends strong with George performing \\"Isn't It a Pity.\\" \\"Isn't It a Pity\\" has an awesome arrangement for the guitar; and the percussion is used to great advantage as George sings this to perfection--and beyond!<br /><br />George Harrison fans should get this album--it's wonderful. Sure, there could have been more here and it would have been better as a two CD set; but what we do get is very high quality control music. Here's hoping they release a more comprehensive version of these masterpieces and more very soon!ove it! \\"When We Was Fab\\" is a look back in time that works well in every way; that keyboard work really enhances the natural beauty of this tune. The live track of \\"Something\\" stuns me with the way George Harrison delivers it; when Frank Sinatra said that this was the best love song of all time he was certainly correct!    The live track of \\"Here Comes the Sun\\" couldn't be better; and I really enjoy hearing George perform \\"I Don't Want To Do It.\\" \\"I Don't Want To Do It\\" has a strong arrangement and it amazes me. The CD ends strong with George performing \\"Isn't It a Pity.\\" \\"Isn't It a Pity\\" has an awesome arrangement for the guitar; and the percussion is used to great advantage as George sings this to perfection--and beyond!    George Harrison fans should get this album--it's wonderful. Sure, there could have been more here and it would have been better as a two CD set; but what we do get is very high quality control music. Here's hoping they release a more comprehensive version of these masterpieces and more very soon!
B000JVSUS4|5.0|If you want action this movie has some serious action.  Will you have to fast forward a bunch to get to it?  Yes.  Is it worth it?  Yes, great action.<br /><br />If you want a great and unique love story this movie has it.  Ben Affleck and Josh Hartnett play best buddy airmen who vie for the same women's (Kate Beckinsale) affection.  Without giving too much away through a strange twist of fate they both end up with the girl at different times and it seems like everything is falling apart when the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor.  From then on out the movie takes a quick detour from Romance to Action and does so abruptly and amazingly.  This movie makes you feel like you are there at one of the most horrific days of American history.  The buddies of course must work together to save their friends and in doing so reach an understanding with one another before they both have to leave the girl they love to attack Japan with none other than General James Doolittle.<br /><br />In the end this becomes a very touching thought out story that I enjoyed tremendously.  There are a few side stories that seem forced, but overall the cast is fun and the story is excellent.  The Blu-ray is excellent for both sound and picture.
0694524441|5.0|The audio book was a used one, but it was in excellent shape and came at a great price.  So, I would use the vendor again and would buy a used book again.  It was a winning experience.
B000TGJ8A8|4.0|Critics didn't rave over this, but I thought it was a really cool idea and ended up being a very interesting movie.  Nic Cage (is his usual self as far as acting goes) plays a man who can see into the future, but only minutes into the future, and Jessica Biel is stunning as his soon to be girlfriend who can help him extend his powers.<br /><br />This movie has some great scenes where Nic Cage outsmarts or rather sees what his enemy's will do before they do it so he can escape, and Julianne Moore does a good job as the FBI agent who is after him.  Where the movie doesn't quite succeed is where Nic has to stop people from setting off a nuclear bomb.  Where the movie starts great and gets you involved not only in his mysterious power, but his romantic involvement with Miss Biel, it falls just a little short on the action near its end and the special effects are far from special.<br /><br />Still I enjoyed the movie and I have watched it several times and continue to enjoy it.  It just could have been better.
B000TLMWMY|5.0|The only problem with the Johnny Cash Show was that it didn't last long enough.  But between 1969 and 1971 the show managed to capture great performances by a remarkably diverse group of musical performers.  Cash insisted that the performers all sing live, so you will find no lip synching on this (my only doubt was Marty Robbins -- I could not see a microphone anywhere during his performance).  So this is a great collection of performances by a long string of inductees into both the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Country Music Hall of Fame.  Because the performances are really, truly live, they are not always pretty.  Johnny and Roy Orbison, for instance, do a great but rather ragged version of \\"Pretty Woman.\\"<br /><br />The two discs are very, very different.  The first disc features narration by Kris Kristofferson as well as brief interviews with individuals involved with the show.  The second disc consists almost exclusively of performances from the show, with interviews popping up only near the end of the disc.  But between the two discs you get a stunning number of memorable performances.  Musical guests include Bob Dylan, Kris Kristofferson, Louis Armstrong (with Johnny reprising Armstrong's 1930 recording with Jimmie Rodgers of \\"Standing on the Corner [Blue Yodel No. 9\\"]), Stevie Wonder, Creedence Clearwater Revival, an incredibly beautiful Linda Ronstadt, George Jones, Waylon Jennings, Tammy Wynette, Marty Robbins, James Taylor, Pete Seeger, Neil Young, Mother Maybelle Carter, Joni Mitchell, Derek and the Dominoes, Carl Perkins, Charlie Pride, Bill Monroe, Loretta Lynn, Jerry Lee Lewis, the Everly Brothers (and their dad), Ray Charles, Conway Twitty, Glen Campbell, Neil Diamond, Ray Price, Roy Orbison, Chet Atkins, Homer and Jethro, and Merle Haggard.<br /><br />A number of Johnny Cash's old Sun Records label mates appear on the show, including Carl Perkins, Roy Orbison, and Jerry Lee Lewis.  One thing that I found fascinating about Orbison's appearance was that he was not, as he so often did, wearing sunglasses.  His very thick glasses were somewhat dark, but not the shades you usually see.<br /><br />I recently read a marvelous book on Jimmie Rodgers by Barry Mazor entitled MEETING JIMMIE RODGERS.  Being more attuned to Rodgers than usual, I was struck by what a prominent role Rodgers played on this show.  You not only had several performers for whom Jimmie Rodgers was a major influence -- Johnny Cash, Bill Monroe, George Jones, and Merle Haggard -- but two people who actually recorded with Rodgers, Louis Armstrong and Mother Maybelle Carter (as Mazor points out in his book, Maybelle had the distinction of being the only person to record with Jimmie Rodgers, Hank Williams, and Elvis Presley, not to mention the Carter Family).  There are several Rodgers songs performed on the show, most notably Armstrong and Cash on \\"Blue Yodel No. 9\\" and Merle Haggard on \\"No Hard Times.\\"  Haggard's most recent album, in fact, at the time of his first appearance on Johnny's show was SAME TRAIN, DIFFERENT TIME, his all-Jimmie Rodgers cover album.  Along with Ernest Tubb, Hank Snow, and Lefty Frizzell, the two most prominent performers to do their best to promote the music of Jimmie Rodgers have been Merle Haggard and Johnny Cash.  That certainly comes across on this show.<br /><br />If you love music, this is a must-see two-disc set.  If you have narrow musical tastes, you might not enjoy it, but if you have broad, wide-ranging tastes this will be persistently exciting.not, as he so often did, wearing sunglasses.  His very thick glasses were somewhat dark, but not the shades you usually see.    I recently read a marvelous book on Jimmie Rodgers by Barry Mazor entitled MEETING JIMMIE RODGERS.  Being more attuned to Rodgers than usual, I was struck by what a prominent role Rodgers played on this show.  You not only had several performers for whom Jimmie Rodgers was a major influence -- Johnny Cash, Bill Monroe, George Jones, and Merle Haggard -- but two people who actually recorded with Rodgers, Louis Armstrong and Mother Maybelle Carter (as Mazor points out in his book, Maybelle had the distinction of being the only person to record with Jimmie Rodgers, Hank Williams, and Elvis Presley, not to mention the Carter Family).  There are several Rodgers songs performed on the show, most notably Armstrong and Cash on \\"Blue Yodel No. 9\\" and Merle Haggard on \\"No Hard Times.\\"  Haggard's most recent album, in fact, at the time of his first appearance on Johnny's show was SAME TRAIN, DIFFERENT TIME, his all-Jimmie Rodgers cover album.  Along with Ernest Tubb, Hank Snow, and Lefty Frizzell, the two most prominent performers to do their best to promote the music of Jimmie Rodgers have been Merle Haggard and Johnny Cash.  That certainly comes across on this show.    If you love music, this is a must-see two-disc set.  If you have narrow musical tastes, you might not enjoy it, but if you have broad, wide-ranging tastes this will be persistently exciting.
B001U0HBPQ|5.0|Benjamin Button begins life as an old man and ends life as a child. An impossible component but very interesting. However the way they pulled this film off was truly incredible and well deserved all 3 Academy Awards (Best Art Direction, Visual Effects and Makeup). Born as a shriveled infant with eyes blind, joints swollen Benjamin (Brad Pitt) is abandoned on the doorstep of an old-folks home and taken in by Queenie, an African-American woman (a lovely performance by. Slowly, Benjamin takes on the frame of a man well into his '80s.<br /><br />When Benjamin first meets Daisy (Cate Blanchett), she's perhaps 10 years old to Benjamin's 70, but it's a meeting of children nonetheless. It's also the start of a love story that develops slowly, and eloquently, over the course of decades. The film itself spans the entire course of Benjamin's life, following his \\"childhood\\" spent in the home to his \\"adolescence\\" spent at sea with Captain Mike, following the currents directly into the events of World War II and home once again, back into the company of Daisy. It's not a complicated film, just a broad one and its magic is simply in the depth of Benjamin's point of view.<br /><br />This is in large part attributable to the absolute triumph of director David Fincher, whose visual mastery and unsentimental approach never spoon-feeds the audience or over-sweetens the narrative.<br /><br />The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a magical, heartfelt, joyful and melancholy film, beautiful to look at and filled with wonder. One would be hard-pressed to walk away from the film and not be, somehow, deeply affected by it, a beautiful film.
1439138311|4.0|Just finished, tonight, a terrific book.<br />Colm Toibin's latest novel, Brooklyn.<br />My fourth-read Toibin book, and I have loved them all, including this one.<br />However... this one was different.<br />For a while I felt as though I was watching Little House on the Prairie! He is so laid back in this thing. I mean... Toibin is a dynamic writer, and it just seems that he is ski-ing down the hill sideways on this one.<br />UNTIL YOU GET TO ABOUT PAGE 180 [of a possible 262].<br />Eilis [' love that name] is this Melissa Gilbert-type character that moves from Ireland to America.<br />It's the 1950's [or thereabouts].<br />It's not only that nothing eventful seems to happen, but it's the style that seems to be so [deliberately?] downplayed.<br />Toibin is one of my favorite writers, really he is. I know that he can be as deep and elaborate as Ian McEwan. It seems that here in Brooklyn, though, he adopted a real down-played style of writing. And yet, it kept me interested.<br />At times, it was like he was reporting. It was downright Hemingway-esque in its unpretensious journalistic factitiousness. [' Does that even make sense?]<br />Tolstoyan reality, with Ernest at the keyboard.<br />But see. I LIKE reality. [And Hemingway, for that matter].<br />So I liked this book.<br />And as I say, from page 180 onward, it really picks up.<br />Several times I had to put the book down, think about my own life.<br />Wipe my eyes.<br />To me, that's always a sign of a good book!
B000W93CXQ|5.0|this book shows the reality of he world and how it could easily take someones life now hannah went through alot of thing i never want to go through but it does happen to some people there was some parts that  really touched me i love this book i will rhead it over and ovher a million times and not get bored wit it
B0018BB20W|5.0|Few folks realize this album was released the same year as Sgt. Pepper was, 1967. It enjoyed a limited amount of succcess and was dismissed. However, in 1973 the album was rereleased and recieved a much more favorable response. It was then praised as a musical masterpiece (which it is) and became the springboard from which the Moody Blues' became known for they're melodic and infectous soft rock. I've even heard the strains of \\"Tuesday afternoon\\" playing in a local TV ad prodding us to get out and enjoy Tuesdays at the museum. Clever. This album is a classic. It's not music for everyone. But it is beautiful music. It can stand the scrutiny of a serious listen and it can also be played in the background. This particular disk has a nice addition of bonus tracks which are comprised of alternate mixes and some singles. I'm pleased with my purchase. Amazon got it to me with free super shipping. Nice.
B000089RVX|5.0|Fantastic CD!  I lost my original , and I'm really happy to own it again.  The lyrics and music set Evanescence apart from other artists.  Amy Lee  always is great to listen to, but she did an amazing job on this older cd.
B000957O7S|3.0|Funny movie.  Only complaint I have is with shipper.  Claimed the movie was new, but it clearly was not.
B0020MKTOS|5.0|As a retired Marine, I've met my fair share of characters like Walt Kowalski, convincingly represented  in this movie by Clint Eastwood.   I have to say he did an incredible job of being this individual, considering I've just co-authored a book with Betty Dravis who actually interviewed Clint Eastwood and her recollection of him is nothing like the character he portrays.     There are a variety of things this movie addresses and I wasn't honestly prepared for it to be as good as it is.      In addition to Clint's realistic performance, I was especially touched by the feisty \\"sister\\" of the character Walt begrudgingly begins to like. She not only holds her own, but then some!  The brother character took a while to grow on me but grow he did, and the one gang member (can't recall his name) who \\"flipped Walt off\\" was also very convincing.  My oldest son and I both laughed at the things he said because his character reminded us--and I imagine will remind a lot of people--of people like that, that they know or have known.    I've been a fan of Clint for years now, and it isn't a matter of whether he still has IT! He definitely does!  This movie is a MUST SEE and an eye-opener for those that aren't aware of this very real world.      This movie couldn't be more aptly named because of all the people on the planet, (and having traveled a bit of it), I would have to say that Americans have the most \\"mad love\\" for cars!    The barber is also an integral part of making this movie work, but you'll have to see it to see why I say that.    Last, I watched this by myself because no one was home at the time I bought it, then again with my wife and son, and I have to say, it was even better, the second time around because there were subtle things that got by me the first time. I enjoyed it much the first time, as well! It's the kind of movie I'll watch many times through the years.      Chase Von     Co-author of Dream Reachers with Betty Dravis
0446581348|5.0|It came before the date that was estimated as the arrival and the condition was as good as could be expected when considering the postal service of my country (Norway).     Absolutely wonderful book. I am a complete novice and this gave me a lot of information without it being overwhelming. Giving hints and tips about how to match your natural colours with makeup. Would've liked a bit on how to compliment one's natural eye/lip shape but other than that it's wonderful. Also gives good insight to what is needed to be a professional make-up artist. Top book!
B00003JRCQ|4.0|There are over 400 Amazon reviews for this movie!  More than 400 people have had opinions to express, which should make anyone interested in seeing it for that reason alone.  I'll put my two cents' worth in as well.    As with any production of an Austen (or any other) book, a film is a re-telling.  The same story (presumably) is being told by a different storyteller.  That automatically makes for some differences.    That being said, I truly enjoy this movie.  I love the book, and this production is true to the original story in most respects - something important to me.  The cinematography is excellent; it would be a joy to look at even if one did not care for anything else.  I really enjoy the score as well.    The acting is quite good.  Many writers have commented on the characterizations; some of them are not what I would have preferred, but none are too far afield from the author's descriptions (for example, Elizabeth is described by the author as \\"repulsive,\\" although I might not have built a characterization solely on that word).  The intent of the production was obviously that the actors should not be \\"pretty\\" but as much like \\"real folks\\" as possible, for better or for worse.  That, too, is all right, although one may not like it as much seeing them larger than life.    To me, the major flaw in this retelling is where it deviates from the original.  Perhaps for reasons of uncomplicating the story (and/or for time considerations), the character of Mrs. Smith was changed from a desperate woman misused by Mr. Elliot to a mere featherbrained, gossipy friend; the plot line was changed so that Mr. Elliot now wants to marry Anne for her money.  This simply does not make sense; Mr. Elliot would not have wanted Anne for her money because he knew her father had spent practically all of it already.  The writers dropped the ball with a thud in this respect, and it's difficult for such a gaffe to be overlooked or excused by anyone familiar with the book.    But would Irecommend this film?  Yes.  Those who are put off by early-19th-century English - who can't plow through all the now-strange words and idioms - get their best introduction to Jane Austen's works through quality productions such as this one.  If you've never read \\"Persuasion,\\" give it a try after seeing this.
B000O599WG|5.0|Fast delivery, product was in great condition.  What a pleasant seller to deal with.
B000069HJI|5.0|I have been a Supertramp fan for years... and I have to admit that until recently I didn't really listen to this full album like I should have.  It's Raining Again is the big hit here and it is pop perfection achieved yet again by the great Roger Hodgson.  But when you listen to this from end to end you discover a lot of hidden gems here like on every other Supertramp album from the classic Hodgsins/Davies/Helliwell/Thompson/Seibenberg era.  It kind of flows like a statement on the breakup of that lineup starting with the departure of Roger Hodgson after the supporting tour.  It follows the familiar format of Hodgson song, Davies song, starting with Crazy by Hodgson and Put On Your Old Brown Shoes by Davies.... and then explodes into the powerful and perfect rhythm of It's Raining Again- sheer brilliance.  It continues with Bonnie and Know Who You Are, My Kind of Lady and then mesmerized you with the hypnotic and catchy C'est Le Bon by Hodgson.  Waiting so Long follows before the irony, perhaps intended of Roger's Don't Leave Me Now- another great piece.  I think that even though Davies and Hodgson were writing separately most of the time that there might have been an underlying competition there that really did wonders for each others songwriting. The album isn't as perfect as a whole as Breakfast In America but it has it's moments where it is right up there with it.  You will not be disappointed with this if you like Breakfast or Crime of the Century or any of their albums.  I can't get C'est Le Bon out of my head!
B001ED7C58|4.0|I dont understand what happened to is Radiohead's \\"15 Step\\" that played at the end of the movie as Victoria turns from the window to walk down the stairs and during all the picture credits. Its more in the movie than Paramore's \\"Decode\\" yet they left it off the soundtrack why?
B001VPJYZK|1.0|Season 5 is by far the weakest season. The stories are slow and  predictable and the diologue is sappy and we got the worst \\"mystery\\" yet. And the funny thing is that Marc Cherry is under the impression that he is doing a really good job??? I also hated the finale. The whole season was weak, so, I wasn't expecting a great cliffhanger, but it even disappointed my least expectations! Seriously, in my opinion, the only good part was Bree and Karl. I also hated the finale because of the weak \\"mystery\\", 24 episodes for nothing. What is Marc Cherry thinking? Dave's mystery was not one for 24 episodes. It would have been like taking McClusky's husbands in the freezer story and stretching it to 24. There were no big twists and turns. It was very predictable and slow. I actually enjoyed the Applewhite mystery alot more.    This season the writers clearly took the year off. It was obvious that the writers just didn't put that much effort into this season.  I guess they thought their great leap forward for 5 years would carry them forward more than it did. There weren't any storylines that were really compelling. Mike and Katherine never lit any sparks; it's like Katherine was Mike's mother. Actually they totally ruined Katherine's character. In season 4 she was strong and sarcastic, but now she is a nice but whiney woman. Tom is still acting like a child and arguing with Lynette, who was pretty boring this season. Susan's relationship with jackson went nowhere. And worst of all, they killed off Edie. Killing her off was a huge mistake. The show won't be the same without her. I'm hoping they bring in new characters next season. They also need to put more effort into the scripts and stop recycling old storylines. All in all, I'd say season 5 was pretty uneventful. The juice has obviously dried up.
0385340575|5.0|This rapid action thriller may be his best novel and I have read them all.
B001W63DX2|5.0|I have to say this band really knows how to put out quality DVDs for us fans.  'The Early Years' and 'Live After Death/The Early Years Pt. 2' are one of the best DVDs by a rock band ever released - even Kiss(another huge favorite of mine).  Both DVDs have a ton of concert and documentary footage on 2 discs each as well as pictures, easter eggs, rare footage, etc.  It's virtually impossible for any Maiden fan to be dissapointed.  Although I would have to say getting through all the english accents is a challenge to my American ears.  Thank God for closed-caption.<br /><br />Now comes Flight 666.  It is very high quality just like their previous DVDs.  The thing that struck me the most after watching it was how much fun they have on tour and how much they love what they are doing and thats a fun thing to watch.  Nicko McBrain is funny and good natured(as I'm sure Maiden fans already know) and is never seen in a bad mood or even a little tired anywhere on this documentary.  The crew seem to enjoy what they do and flash hand signals and sign language to each other from across the stage in accordance to the lyrics of whatever song Bruce is singing while on stage.  Its fun to see the band ham it up while on the plane going to a show('so much for sleeping' manager Rod Smallwood says), seeing the extreme hysteria of fans in every country(think BEATLEMANIA x10 is the best way I can describe it.  Even the band is a little freaked at times and laughing over it).  One fan is shown in tears and crossing his chest and looking to the sky thanking God that he is at a Maiden show and holding one of Nicko's drumsticks(it's a fairly long moment so we the viewer can realise his reaction) or signing hundreds and hundreds of photos while on the plane(and pushing each picture off the seat tray and seeing hundreds of the pictures in one big messy pile on the floor and Steve's son George collecting them or talking to Steve Harris' 4 kids or seeing what the band do on their days off(Nicko & Dave play golf, Adrian comically gets smacked in the forehead and gets his hat knocked off by a pro-tennis players fast serve causing the camera man to say 'thats in the movie!', etc).  The concert segments are really good.  Again, the band look like they are having the best time of their lives - not an easy thing to do I would think after nearly 30 years.  I was surprised they didn't do 'Flight of Icarus' or 'Where Eagles Dare', 2 standout songs from the era of songs they are performing.<br /><br />The packaging is great.  Its the size of regular DVD case except that it is more like a hardback book with pages of a diary Bruce did for a rock magazine as well as pictures.  The very back of the book-like package has the 2 DVDs one halfway over the other to save room but very safe from scratching.<br /><br />Great band.  Great DVD.  If you like their past DVDs then this one is a no brainer.  They are really good to their fans when it comes to home videos/dvds.  BUY IT.ay golf, Adrian comically gets smacked in the forehead and gets his hat knocked off by a pro-tennis players fast serve causing the camera man to say 'thats in the movie!', etc).   The concert segments are really good.  Again, the band look like they are having the best time of their lives - not an easy thing to do I would think after nearly 30 years.  I was surprised they didn't do 'Flight of Icarus' or 'Where Eagles Dare', 2 standout songs from the era of songs they are performing.    The packaging is great.  Its the size of regular DVD case except that it is more like a hardback book with pages of a diary Bruce did for a rock magazine as well as pictures.  The very back of the book-like package has the 2 DVDs one halfway over the other to save room but very safe from scratching.    Great band.  Great DVD.  If you like their past DVDs then this one is a no brainer.  They are really good to their fans when it comes to home videos/dvds.  BUY IT.
1603090002|3.0|... about Alan Moore's latest installment in the LXG serial.  The premise remains entertaining - lifting literary (and with MacHeath, cultural) figures and transplanting them in a new plot never grows dull for me.  However, the direction Moore takes readers, at this point, puzzles me.<br /><br />Set in the years immeadiately prior to the First World War, there are several plot lines that develop simultaneously - Jenni (Nemo's daughter) seeking to avoid her father's legacy (ultimately unsuccessfully), while Mina Harker, Thomas Carnacki, Orlando and Raffles seek to prevent the end of their (Edwardian) world.  WIth the beginning of World War One, of course, this too will come to pass.  As with previous Moore serials, there is a sense of the unfinished here, by definition; yet one gets a sense that Moore had attempted to provide some sense of closure to the plot lines he introduces in the short-term - in this, he (sorry for the pun), fell short.<br /><br />O'Neill's artwork continues to impress, as does Moore's biting social criticism of the age, and of humankind's brutality in general.  As a fan of the time period (and of Moore's and O'Neill's work) I will certainly follow the story, with the hope and anticipation that loose ends will be tied together and that when the series is finished, there will be a stronger sense of carthsis.  For the first installment, it does little more than provide the first act to a three-act play.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|This is a movie that is not to be missed and it has appeal no matter what the age group or socioeconomic class.  I teach in an urban middle school and showed it to my students who were entranced with the personal stories of the children as well as being transported to modern day India.  My two college-aged sons have proclaimed it one of their favorite movies ever, and I must agree.    The acting is superb and the story is inspiring for all of us.  Please don't miss this one...you will be thinking about it long after you see it.
0439023483|5.0|In The Hunger Games, the protagonist, Katniss Everdeen, volunteers herself to compete in the annual Hunger Games.  This 24-person fight to the death competition is conducted every year by the tyrannical Capitol to remind the 12 outer districts of their control and discourage rebellion (something that caused the Capitol to completely demolish district 13).  This novel is a great introduction into the social science fiction genre for the young adult community.  When we begin discussing the possibility of our future with climate change and global warming, the premise of this novel, where the expansion of the oceans force the people of North America further inland causing them to reorder their government, doesn't seem too far fetched.  As a teacher, I am always on the lookout for novels that will appeal to my male and female students, and this novel fits the bill.  For the girls there is the added interest of the underlying romantic tension between Katniss and her partner Peeta along with Katniss' conflicting feeling for a young man back home.  The boys will love the survival aspect of the novel that at times feels like guerilla warfare.  The violent scenes are done well for young readers with plenty of tension and excitement, but not a lot of unnecessary, gory descriptions.  My only warning is for the reader to remember that this is meant to be the first book in a series.  So although there are hints at a rebellion against the Capitol, this novel is meant to serve the purpose of introducing us to characters and the world in which they must survive.  In other words, you will definitely be left wanting more at the end of the novel, which is a good thing.  All in all, I'd highly recommend this novel to my own students.
B001DHXT6G|2.0|I am a huge fan of the original Star Trek series, and I've had the DVDs of the complete original series for about 5 years.  From repetitive watching, some of the episodes began to freeze in spots, so I ordered this new, remastered version.  I have been extremely disappointed with them.  While the remastered space scenes are better than what was in the original series, I find the rest of the scenes to be very dark and grainy, verging on being blurry.  The video details on my old disks were much better, brighter, and made one feel like we were almost on the set with the actors.  These remastered disks make me feel like I'm watching the episodes on an old black and white TV from the 50s, with fuzzy reception. Plus it is really annoying that the disks aren't labeled. If my old disks still all worked, I would have asked for my money back.  My advice is for you to save your money, and don't order these disks.
B001GCUER0|5.0|I can't wait for season 2 to come out.  One of my favorite episodes is the Mountain Lion.  It is the episode that explains Don the most I believe
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|It was good to find the product and to know that the person would make an international shipping which I think is essential in a globalized world like the one we live nowadays.
B000AA4LAK|5.0|Though the case is broken and scratched, the CD itself is flawless.  Sounds great, excellent price, quicker-than-quoted delivery.
B001U0HAZM|2.0|This movie went around in circles and was very dark and hard to watch.  As a matter of fact I never finished it.  If you like creepy uncomfortable dark movies you will love this.
B001TOD92C|4.0|yes, this film does give you an \\"insider's view\\" on the world of wrestling (the steroids, the wear and tear on a body after years of pounding, the party lifestyle).  But all this is really just a back-drop to the human drama.<br /><br />In a up and down career, Rourke reaches the top starring as \\"Ram\\" Robinson, a semi-retired professional wrestler who's glory days are behind him.  He is now struggling to pay his bills.  He lives alone in a mobile home.  He has a daughter he hasn't seen in years.  And he has heart disease.<br /><br />Given this reality, he tries to re-establish a bond with his daughter, and also to try to engage in a relationship with a stripper he frequently visits, played by Marisa Tomei (also very good in this movie).  Their scenes together are the best in the movie.  This has to be Tomei's best role in years.  Also, the scenes with Rourke and his daughter (played by Evan Rachel Wood) are realistic and touching.<br /><br />A good film which shows the struggles in life that we all go through as we get older.  Great acting, interesting characters.<br /><br />* Highly recommended *
1573229725|5.0|I loved this book! As well as the movie. Sarah Waters is an excellent writer. I would have preferred a little more detail on the sex and a little more of it but it was a great book.
B0019EXZYE|4.0|Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais wrote the film &quot;The Bank Job&quot; is supposedly based on the true story. This can possibly explain the complexity of the film. The film is more of a documentary than a shootemup or car chase film. At first, it looks very formula. Later you get interested in how it comes out.<br /><br />Seems like somebody high up any the government or the royal family made a faux pas. This ended up on some glossies that allowed a high-profile criminal to escape prosecution. These photos end up in a bank's safety deposit box. A shady car dealer Terry (Jason Statham) is convinced to Rob the safety-deposit bank vault without realizing that he is helping to retrieve the photos. The story gets awfully convoluted from here and includes MI5, other government agencies, police departments, and local criminals; David Suchet plays one.<br /><br />How will this all turn out? We will see as the story unfolds.<br /><br />The acting was well done and the props were excellent for the period piece Set in London in the early 1970's. This may not have been an exceptional film but it will hold your attention to the end.<br /><br />Do not forget to take advantage of the extras on the Blu-ray version.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0049M7BDE Thomas Crown Affair [Blu-ray]]]<br />[[ASIN:B005O64VJQ A Fish Called Wanda [Blu-ray]]]
B0012Q732O|3.0|I enjoyed this movie, it falls into my pretty darn good catagory, if I will watch it again I think it is pretty good, this is a movie I will watch again and again. great story line.
015670160X|4.0|\\"He -- for there could be no doubt of his sex, though the fashion of the time did something to disguise it...\\"<br /><br />Late-Elizabeth fashions were so flamboyant that you couldn't sometimes tell who was male and who was female. And that time frame sets the perfect tone for this witty and strange gender-bender. Orlando was sixteen at the time, and his boyish good looks made him quite popular at Queen Elizabeth's court. But his poetic sensibilities cannot handle heartbreak very well. A deceitful Russian princess has left quite an impression on him, and he broods over the fickleness and faithlessness in women. So time goes by, Elizabeth is followed by King James, and as generations pass Orlando becomes not only a nobleman of high rank, but he's also courtier, then an ambassador -- until he leaves it all behind when he becomes a woman. The new gender brings confusion. All of the things Orlando once took for granted -- his freedom, his power, his lands and rank -- are all jeopardized. But at the same time, she -- for now it is she -- discovers other pleasures and joys, and sometimes boredom, in the eighteenth century parties with celebrated noblemen and writers, and in Victorian times, when she experiences her first night with a man. After many centuries, it is in 1928, when this immortal being realizes that she is essentially the same person she has always been.<br /><br />It is impossible to summarize this novel. Written in the form of a biography, Orlando covers quite a number of themes and discussions, and you'd have to read the book in order to appreciate it. You'll have to read it not only once, but several times. I think I will have to reread this in the near future in order to completely get it. This is a unique gender-bender, with feminist undertones, and a voice full of satire and magic realism for great measure. There are some wonderful passages here, full of humor. Take this one, for example:<br /><br />\\"All of her estates are put in Chancery and her titles pronounced in abeyance while the suits were under litigation. Thus it was in a highly ambiguous condition, uncertain whether she was alive or dead, man or woman, Duke or nonentity, that she posted down to her country seat, where, pending the legal judgment, she had the Law's condition to reside in a state of incognito or incognita as the case might turn out to be.\\"<br /><br />The \\"incognito or incognita\\" is what made me laugh. Virginia Woolf was a great writer. I had once read To the Lighthouse and was indifferent about it. However, Orlando has compelled me to read other books by Woolf. Her wit, combined with the passage of time and historical references, made this an absolute delight to read. The one thing I do find confusing is the passage of time. For example, Orlando opens her window and stares out into the courtyard and beyond in the year 1712. After a series of descriptions and whatnot, the chapter ends with, \\"The Eighteenth century was over; the Nineteenth century had begun.\\" And that is more or less how it occurs every time. In one sentence, it is still Victorian times, then it's Edwardian the next. Also, the whole gender change is too complicated to describe. As said earlier, you will have to read and reread the book in order to understand it. Some people don't get this book at all and hate it; others might enjoy Woolf's take on society norms and love it. I'm the latter. Orlando is a must-read if you're into some rather thought provoking and somewhat complicated literature.s pronounced in abeyance while the suits were under litigation. Thus it was in a highly ambiguous condition, uncertain whether she was alive or dead, man or woman, Duke or nonentity, that she posted down to her country seat, where, pending the legal judgment, she had the Law's condition to reside in a state of incognito or incognita as the case might turn out to be.\\"<br /><br />The \\"incognito or incognita\\" is what made me laugh. Virginia Woolf was a great writer. I had once read To the Lighthouse and was indifferent about it. However, Orlando has compelled me to read other books by Woolf. Her wit, combined with the passage of time and historical references, made this an absolute delight to read. The one thing I do find confusing is the passage of time. For example, Orlando opens her window and stares out into the courtyard and beyond in the year 1712. After a series of descriptions and whatnot, the chapter ends with, \\"The Eighteenth century was over; the Nineteenth century had begun.\\" And that is more or less how it occurs every time. In one sentence, it is still Victorian times, then it's Edwardian the next. Also, the whole gender change is too complicated to describe. As said earlier, you will have to read and reread the book in order to understand it. Some people don't get this book at all and hate it; others might enjoy Woolf's take on society norms and love it. I'm the latter. Orlando is a must-read if you're into some rather thought provoking and somewhat complicated literature.
B00005OWEG|4.0|A film that takes some persistence and stamina to sit through with Coppola's masterpiece lengthened, unnecessarily in my opinion, to make the point of what was happening with America during the Vietnam conflict.<br /><br />Martin Sheen's character has been sent by his superiors to take out Col. Kurtz (Brando) who has gone mad.  Martin at the start is a bit out of it himself -- unable to confront life on the home front, wants to stay in Vietnam -- we find him drunk, nude and out of it when the Army picks him up.  So he's no perfect soldier himself.<br /><br />The Captain goes up the river through to Cambodia territory and there we find that the Americans seem to want more rock 'n roll, sex and beer than wanting to win the fight.  Kurtz points this out as well.<br /><br />The Playboy girls were being pimped out to soldiers in exchange for fuel; this was a pitiful scene, you almost felt sorry for these girls.<br /><br />The confrontation with Kurtz, the naked bodies strung up on trees, heads lying around a courtyard and hero worship amongst the children there is heartwrenching to say the least.<br /><br />Cinematography is excellent, best I've ever seen.  The lighting, mood, music, fog, all to excellent control and results.  Coppola won an Oscar for that alone.<br /><br />But unless you're into war films and horror, this may not be the movie for you.<br /><br />Recommended!
B001W63DX2|4.0|Flight 666 is a two DVD set that documents the beginning of Iron Maiden's 2008 Somewhere Back In Time World Tour.  The project was a unique 23 city tour, spanning several continents, starting in Mumbai, India and ending in Toronto, Canada, with the band and road crew travelling between cities on a private 757 jet, known as `Ed Force One'.  One disc (The Film) contains a 112 minute documentary of the endeavor, covering the genesis of the project, and the logistical issues involved, along with interviews, conversations and behind the scenes looks at the band.  There is some live footage, but no complete songs are featured.  The second disc (The Concert) contains sixteen live performances, with each song from a different city on the tour.  While you may have seen Maiden live before, you probably have not seen them quite like this.<br /><br />One of the vanguards of heavy metal, Iron Maiden made their recording debut nearly thirty years ago. Following the release of their album Powerslave in 1985, and near the peak of their popularity, the band embarked on the World Slavery Tour.  From this tour came the live recording `Live After Death' on both vinyl and CD, and finally in 2008, a two disc DVD release of the historic Long Beach Arena performance with bonus materials.  The Somewhere Back in Time tour, is an attempt to revisit those times, part of which includes adopting the Egyptian motif for the stage d&eacute;cor, similar to that used for the World Slavery tour.  The set list includes concert staples, as well as songs from post-Powerslave albums, up to Fear of the Dark.<br /><br />Flight 666 is for both the casual and hardcore Maiden fan.  Judging by the audiences that turned out for their performances on this tour, the number of devoted fans appears to be quite massive worldwide.  Given the current state of music, with metal receiving little airplay or publicity, it is encouraging to see that Maiden is drawing in new young fans, many who were not even born at the time of the original World Slavery Tour.  With the popularity of other genres of music, and vocal based phenomena like American Idol, it is nice to know that a rock band that actually plays real music, has such a huge, well-deserved, international following.  The documentary provides an interesting look at the tour and those that made it happen, and updates regarding how the members of band are doing.<br /><br />The second disc featuring the live performances, is what most will want to see.  Tightly edited, each number is preceded by the song title, location, and date of the performance.  The video quality is first class, with many views of the massive stage, the band and the audience.  Again similar to Rock in Rio, there is not much time in between cuts.  Vocalist Bruce Dickinson is still favoring the funky pants with reflective strips, and dons costumes or employs props for specific songs, such as a red cavalry coat and British flag for The Trooper.  Also making reappearance during Powerslave, is the bird's head mask, which was part of the World Slavery tour.  Bruce looks to be very fit, and full of energy, roaming over the stage, and not holding back in hitting the high notes.<br /><br />A barefoot Niko McBrain delivers his usual high energy performance on drums.  Steve Harris, the heartbeat of the band, while still aggressive, seems to be a bit more in the background than usual, an impression which may be due to the editing.  Much of the material featured is from the period when the band was a quintet with Dave Murray and Adrian Smith on guitar, and perhaps looking to replicate the Murray/Smith solos from the original recordings, the majority of the lead guitar parts are divided up along those original lines.  This kind of leaves guitarist Janick Gers, as the odd man out, with few opportunities to play lead (Fear of the Dark and Moonchild probably being his most prominent efforts).  On Rock in Rio, which featured mostly material from Gers' time with the band, thiswas certainly not the case, as Janick did a lot of lead work.  Still the chemistry within the band seems to be fine, with good spirits all around.  Dave Murray as always is an amazing soloist, and Adrian Smith squeezes some remarkable licks from his instrument, as the solos in particular do indeed have the character of the classic original versions.  The overall quality of the band's musicianship is close to perfection.<br /><br />Noteworthy are the selections from Seventh Son of a Seventh Son (Moonchild, The Clairvoyant, Can I Play with Madness), and Somewhere In Time (Heaven Can Wait, Wasted Years), which haven't been featured live recently.  The band stretches out on the epic Rime of the Ancient Mariner, but even more boldness would have been truly fabulous.  Adding a few obscure songs like Stranger In a Strange Land, Die With Your Boots On, Caught Somewhere in Time, To Tame a Land, or Alexander the Great would have taken things even further.  Still, this is a very solid selection of 80's Maiden material.  If that is your favorite time period for the band, this set and Live After Death, would be the ones to look at, depending on whether the actual, or retro version is to your liking.  Maiden usually gives their fans a lot.  The packaging is like a book, with booklet type liner notes, with plenty of background information and photos.<br /><br />Remarkably, this was just the first leg of the Somewhere Back in Time tour for 2008.  The band hit the road again in May 2008 playing in the USA and Canada, then finishing up in Europe in August.  Maiden were back out again in the spring of 2009, hitting the middle east, India, New Zealand, Central and South America, finishing in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.  Icons in the world of heavy metal, Iron Maiden continue to do what other bands can only dream of doing.  Bigger, bolder, better, it's hard to top Maiden.  Hopefully, after the band recharges their batteries they will get back into the studio for another metal masterwork.  For now, the fans can all enjoy Flight 666.  You get quite a lot, for a very reasonable price.ot the case, as Janick did a lot of lead work.  Still the chemistry within the band seems to be fine, with good spirits all around.  Dave Murray as always is an amazing soloist, and Adrian Smith squeezes some remarkable licks from his instrument, as the solos in particular do indeed have the character of the classic original versions.  The overall quality of the band's musicianship is close to perfection.        Noteworthy are the selections from Seventh Son of a Seventh Son (Moonchild, The Clairvoyant, Can I Play with Madness), and Somewhere In Time (Heaven Can Wait, Wasted Years), which haven't been featured live recently.  The band stretches out on the epic Rime of the Ancient Mariner, but even more boldness would have been truly fabulous.  Adding a few obscure songs like Stranger In a Strange Land, Die With Your Boots On, Caught Somewhere in Time, To Tame a Land, or Alexander the Great would have taken things even further.  Still, this is a very solid selection of 80's Maiden material.  If that is your favorite time period for the band, this set and Live After Death, would be the ones to look at, depending on whether the actual, or retro version is to your liking.  Maiden usually gives their fans a lot.  The packaging is like a book, with booklet type liner notes, with plenty of background information and photos.         Remarkably, this was just the first leg of the Somewhere Back in Time tour for 2008.  The band hit the road again in May 2008 playing in the USA and Canada, then finishing up in Europe in August.  Maiden were back out again in the spring of 2009, hitting the middle east, India, New Zealand, Central and South America, finishing in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.  Icons in the world of heavy metal, Iron Maiden continue to do what other bands can only dream of doing.  Bigger, bolder, better, it's hard to top Maiden.  Hopefully, after the band recharges their batteries they will get back into the studio for another metal masterwork.  For now, the fans canall enjoy Flight 666.  You get quite a lot, for a very reasonable price.
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|Up<br /><br />Up, Up and Away the Best Pixar Film Yet!<br /><br />I really had my doubts that Pixar could top Wall-E, the environmental, fun-loving trash compactor come to life and his sweetie Eve.<br /><br />The whole Pixar experience really has to do with taking a story back to basics -- keep it simple, fun, a bit of a formula and run with it.<br /><br />As in the tradition of the early theaters, we start out with a cartoon regarding storks, babies and clouds.  Did you know clouds create babies that the storks pick up?  Amazing!<br /><br />Then, the newsreel.  The newsreel talks about an adventurer, and our little boy hero is deeply enamored with his hero and adventure.  He meets a girl who has the same spirit.  Kindred spirits they marry, and go through what too many couples go through, the loves, the tragedy.  Life.<br /><br />We spin many years later and find our man a crushed, grumpy Spencer Tracy look-alike, who got that way due to his wife's death.  After that, nothing is right anymore.  I'm not spoiling anything since this is all still intro.<br /><br />He finds a fellow adventurer in a little chubby Asian boy who just needs to help an old person cross the street for his merit badge.  He gets way more adventure than that!<br /><br />The movie hit an emotional chord in me that only Wall-E and The Incredibles have done, where the hero, defeated, rises to the occasion and wins the day.<br /><br />The detail of animation is amazingly accurate; sound effects move with animation, light and speech.  The talking dogs and the bad guy are also a treat.  (Oops, shouldn't say treat!)<br /><br />Even the credits are done in the style of an old diary or scrapbook!<br /><br />I have seen less starred reviews complain and nitpick.  Please, knock it off!  It's a movie already!  We finally have a family friendly film that I highly recommend.  I noted most of the audience was all smiles and the kids loved it.<br /><br />Highly recommended!
B001FBSMW6|1.0|Excellent band that I love with a horrible album. The only worthwhile track is the title track \\"Perfect Symmetry.\\" Totally disappointed, this new direction they've taken is just terrible, I was expecting to hear Tom's vocals, not a cheap Brandon Flowers knockoff done with studio trickery. The next album better have genuine vocals and top-notch production; this album is just embarrassing.
B000002KLG|5.0|Add \\"sensual crooner\\" to the many talents of one Mr. George Benson in this gorgeous collection of late night sonatas. Quincy Jones employs essentially the same session players that made \\"Off the Wall\\" so dynamic. He places George's voice as the centerpiece with compositions by Rod Temperton, James Moody and David Foster and accentuated by his distinctive, but spare, guitar playing. George and Quincy succeeds greatly in creating a R&B/Jazz Masterpiece. If you have ever been in love, and that love soared like elegant edifices in a Manhattan skyline, then \\"Give Me the Night\\" is the soundtrack to that great affair. The production demands the listener to open a most precious bottle of Georges Duboeuf's Merlot 1998, Vin de Pays d'Oc,which of course would have been fermented a decade or so after this release but you get the idea. Clearly, this album will stand the test of time. Classifying it as a \\"jazz\\" album would be a disservice to purist. Yet listing it as an R&B outing also ignores the precision, grace and timing that rarely infuses such a release.  The standouts are \\"Love Dance\\" acoustic soul has never sounded more lovelorn, he covers Heatwave's \\"Star of the Story\\" as if it were always designed for this project. The oft-covered \\"Moody's Mood\\" glides in just as effortlessly. The comfort of love in the morning hours before dawn are drenched in \\"Turn Off the Lamplight\\" which is possibly the most reassuring lyrics one can bear at that time of day. Quincy was on a roll going from producing La Diva Diana Ross and Michael Jackson's \\"The Wiz\\" score and soundtrack, into the aforementioned \\"Off the Wall\\" followed by this offering and then moving on to Chaka Khan and Rufus' \\"Masterjam\\". I was very much in young love when this album first came out. It is a testament to its strength and endurance that the memories it conjurs distinctly belong to this album and  not anyone love affair in one's life.....making it timeless. I would dare to say that this was Mr. Benson's second peakafter his breakthrough with \\"Breezin'\\"....he would never again achieve this level of commercial success.....but it doesn't matter just \\"Give Me the Night\\".
B0024FAR5M|4.0|I enjoy this series a lot, and I'm looking forward to the new season in Fall '09.  It would appeal to Sopranos fans: it's a similar combination of crime adventure from the criminal perspective, family drama, and semirealistic portrayal of an interesting criminal community.    I'm rating it four stars because the first episodes aren't as good as the rest of the series.  Sopranos fans will be rewarded if they stick through the whole set.
B00129H7VS|5.0|I saw this show when it originally came out on HBO and it was a great mini series, so once i saw it was being released on Blu-ray there was no question about getting it.     This show looks amazing on Blu-ray and the sound will blow you away even if you don't have a receiver that supports HD soundtracks. If you liked this show when i came out then you should definitely pick this up.
B002DKGWSO|3.0|Wes Craven's The Last House on the Left was released in 1972 and I heard from many people who were old enough to see it when it first came out (like my dad) that it was the most shocking thing anyone had ever seen. To this day the original is still a raw and often disgusting piece of cinema, so being that in 2009 films can push the envelope even more, I didn't know how far this thing would go.     It's shocking, brutal and gross, but it didn't just go the buckets of blood route. Yes, there is some gore, but compared to films like Hostel and SAW this is quite tame. What does get under your skin is the rape scene. I read that some people witnessed others leave the theater at this point and they never came back. I guess they didn't see the original or read up on what they paid to see before plopping in their seat. It shows little skin compared to the 1972 version, but it's a long scene that is painful to watch.     The cast is quite good, though most are actors whose names you won't know. The father, played by Tony Goldwyn, and the leader of the killers, played by Garrett Dillahunt were the standouts.     For a film as gritty as this one, the cinematography is polished and takes away a little bit of the raw power that the original had. I actually don't think Wes Craven's 1972 flick holds up well today and thought this remake was better.     Make sure you are in the right frame of mind before seeing this one. By that I mean, don't watch The Last House on the Left and expect to be in a good mood when you leave. While it's a pleasure to see the parents take out the villains one by one to avenge their daughter, you will leave the theater looking for the bright sun to make you feel clean again. Too bad it was raining when I got out. Don't worry, I think I'll be okay.
B000O77RLE|5.0|If you love WWII movies this is a must buy specially on Blu-ray.  The sound and picture quality are great on this movie.
B002DKGWSE|3.0|Wes Craven's The Last House on the Left was released in 1972 and I heard from many people who were old enough to see it when it first came out (like my dad) that it was the most shocking thing anyone had ever seen. To this day the original is still a raw and often disgusting piece of cinema, so being that in 2009 films can push the envelope even more, I didn't know how far this thing would go.<br /><br />It's shocking, brutal and gross, but it didn't just go the buckets of blood route. Yes, there is some gore, but compared to films like Hostel and SAW this is quite tame. What does get under your skin is the rape scene. I read that some people witnessed others leave the theater at this point and they never came back. I guess they didn't see the original or read up on what they paid to see before plopping in their seat. It shows little skin compared to the 1972 version, but it's a long scene that is painful to watch.<br /><br />The cast is quite good, though most are actors whose names you won't know. The father, played by Tony Goldwyn, and the leader of the killers, played by Garrett Dillahunt were the standouts.<br /><br />For a film as gritty as this one, the cinematography is polished and takes away a little bit of the raw power that the original had. I actually don't think Wes Craven's 1972 flick holds up well today and thought this remake was better.<br /><br />Make sure you are in the right frame of mind before seeing this one. By that I mean, don't watch The Last House on the Left and expect to be in a good mood when you leave. While it's a pleasure to see the parents take out the villains one by one to avenge their daughter, you will leave the theater looking for the bright sun to make you feel clean again. Too bad it was raining when I got out. Don't worry, I think I'll be okay.
B000O77QD8|5.0|If you love WWII movies this is a must buy specially on Blu-ray.  The sound and picture quality are great on this movie just like they are for Letter from Iwo Jima.     A must but for any Blu-ray fan!!!
B000FFJYCU|5.0|This movie just begs to be on Blu-Ray - shot on 70mm panavision, this would be one incredible movie in high definition. The progression, sumptuous movie theater experience (in the 60's), crummy VHS, to Laserdisc, to DVD. I've seen them all. The DVD version to date, is the best ever. Sound-wise DVD is much better than the theater version, visually theater still wins.<br /><br />The movie - pretty darn simple story about Grand Prix drivers during the 1966 F1 season. It's what you would expect, beautiful women chase handsome race car drivers. All set around the dangers of driving a race car in that era, death and injury. Four fabulous races are covered.<br /><br />The best line of the movie - James Garner walks the absolutely stunning gorgeous Jessica Walter back to her hotel room. *Why do you all do that?* *What?* *Wear sunglasses on top of your head? You look ridiculous.*<br /><br />The film is incredible from all possible angles. The director, John Frankenheimer did not invent split screen photography; but he made the best use of the technique in any film to that date. He worked very hard to make the racing feel real. Much of the footage is of real live F1 race from the 1966 season. He had all the actors learn how to drive race cars, so stunt doubles were not required. The only exception was Brian Bedford (he played Scott Stoddard) who could not learn how to drive. James Garner actually spent 2 months learning from Bob Bondurant. He also hired a big group of excellent F1 drivers of the era.<br /><br />Pacing, it's a long film, nearly 3 hours. There is even an intermission, with music. The racing footage is spectacular. The romance story in between was just sort of OK.<br /><br />The second disc is full of really great bonus features. The list is long and deep. Making of, interviews with Frankenheimer, race drivers, racing journalists, and a look at what F1 racing was like in that era. There's around 1.5 hours of material.<br /><br />New to the movie - you have to remember in 1966, there was no ESPN, no in car cameras, and no high definition. Putting a camera on an F1 camera and seeing 150mph 6 inches above the ground, was revolutionary. None of us had ever seen anything like it. People also stood right next to the track with no barriers. There were no major sponsors on cars. And drivers got killed frequently - it was a very dangerous business.<br /><br />Today, Father's Day 2009, I watched this movie. I'm reminded of the day my father took me to see this film - my first panavision film ever, and the reason I love racing so much. I was 9 years old, and was stunned by this film for weeks afterwards. Finding it on VHS a long time later, was just disappointing. The LaserDisc version was really nice. 4 Disc sides, really good sound, good picture. It was almost like the original theater version. Then this DVD came along, and I now own a really great surround system and large television. The original theater experience was very close.<br /><br />It's just a darn great movie. This version is really nice. I can't wait for Blu-Ray.meras, and no high definition. Putting a camera on an F1 camera and seeing 150mph 6 inches above the ground, was revolutionary. None of us had ever seen anything like it. People also stood right next to the track with no barriers. There were no major sponsors on cars. And drivers got killed frequently - it was a very dangerous business.    Today, Father's Day 2009, I watched this movie. I'm reminded of the day my father took me to see this film - my first panavision film ever, and the reason I love racing so much. I was 9 years old, and was stunned by this film for weeks afterwards. Finding it on VHS a long time later, was just disappointing. The LaserDisc version was really nice. 4 Disc sides, really good sound, good picture. It was almost like the original theater version. Then this DVD came along, and I now own a really great surround system and large television. The original theater experience was very close.     It's just a darn great movie. This version is really nice. I can't wait for Blu-Ray.
B001VIMCW4|2.0|Where is the humor?  Where is the over-the-top gadgets?  Where is the story telling?  Where is the romance? Where is the FUN?    The new Bond movies are just bland pathetic action flicks.  This could of been any ordinary spy thriller.  Nothing \\"Bond\\" about the new \\"Bond\\".    The franchise is dead....
0385340575|2.0|You buy a fiction book by a Child and you want well written escapism. When the author tailors the plot to preach his political views he lets his readers down. This is exactly what happens in this book. It is a shame and a waste, I read it and returned it as a statement. Childs has turned Jack Reacher into Jack Preacher and I'm through ... There are too many other writers who don't pull this crap !
B000065VA1|5.0|We knew Peter was going to deliver something truly awesome after Security.  1987 was a huge year in so many ways for music.  The '80s would not have been the decade they were without this record.  The production stellar.  The musicians were the finest around.  The sounds were high tech and world beat.  They all came together.  I will never forget this record and the tour that followed.  peter delivered a blistering Red Rain at Amensty.
038073186X|5.0|The mystery behind Shutter Island isn't what two US Marshals were dispatched to uncover. A runaway from the facility cannot be found. She escaped against impossible odds including multiple guards, locked doors, single points of escape, and no shoes. Inside job?<br /><br />What is the facility exactly? It's a prison and mental hospital where the doctors prefer references to the prisoners as \\"patients.\\" Something is amiss both with the patients and the doctors. Does it have something to do with the food? The water? What are these experimental doctors toying with in the fenced lighthouse with the armed guards?<br /><br />Teddy and Chuck will get to the bottom of this regardless who is at the bottom.<br /><br />This was a great thriller that keeps you guessing without being outlandish. It's fantastic that a writer like Lehane would try his hand at something fun like this.<br /><br />I'm not sure if the cast of Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo, Michelle Williams, and the great Martin Scorsese are justified but I'm excited to find out.
B002CSC5EC|4.0|It's been a while since I've seen and heard Woodstock.  The picture is much improved on blu-ray and the sound quality is excellent.  I judge most sound by hearing the high frequency instruments:  cymbals, snare, accoustic guitar.  Much better than I what I remember.  Favorite tune is \\"Freedom\\" by Ritchie Havens at the beginning of the music played live.  Thrilling to hear it in the improved sound.
B00005JM02|5.0|I have twin grandsons age 28 months.  They watch \\"Cars\\" constantly.  Now they have Nemo and their dad says, \\"Finally another movie to watch!\\"
B000EULJLU|4.0|As much as it rains in the way of music, there always seems to be this cloud over Tool. A catalysmic fog of trials and tribulations. Fans and critics moaning and boasting.     But lets ignore this for a second    10,000 days itself is a hit and miss affair. 11 tracks but only 5 songs. That itself is reason alone to be upset. 6 filler tracks of random noise that extend well beyond the length of intermission. Where as in previous albums the fillers helped with the ambience and allowed for reflection, here it is distracting and wasteful.     But this album does deserve your attention for what it does in those 5 songs. Vicarious, Jambi, Right in Two and Rosetta Stoned (my favourite) are melodically blissful. Whilst the Wings double track are emotional and haunting.     Unfortunately the album lacks any cohesive strength to sustain the praise that followed previous albums like Lateralus and Aenima. Tool should have come up with at least 3 more songs for this to be a reasonable effort.
0375842209|4.0|As a high school English teacher who was mesmerized by this book I am trying to think of ways to encourage my students to read it and not be put off by its length and subject matter. Perhaps my tactic is this: it's a more important work, in some ways, than The Diary of Anne Frank; it helps a student understand personification, symbolism and poetry; it's got strong voice and characterizations that are as vibrant as To Kill a Mockingbird; it's got the black humor of Kurt Vonnegut; and it's the best history lesson about the Holocaust since Elie Wiesel's groundbreaking Night.
B001TODCII|4.0|This is perhaps the best action-thriller to come along since the BOURNE movies.  It has a good, straight-forward plot, characters that we care about and action sequences that may, at times, get a bit \\"over the top,\\" but never to the point of being ridiculous.<br /><br />Liam Neeson stars as a retired CIA agent, working an occasional security gig, who is forced back into action when his teenage daughter is kidnapped by white slavers while she is visiting Paris with a friend.  Liam knows that he has only 96 hours in which to find the girl before she disappears forever, and the French authorities are no help whatsoever.  In fact, many of them, are corrupt and on the payroll of the kidnappers.<br /><br />Like DEATH WISH, Taken is one of those movies where you actually cheer when Neeson kills one of the bad guys...and he kills a lot of them.<br /><br />The DVD contains both the theatrical and an extended edition.<br /><br /> Michael B. Druxman
B000VWYJ86|5.0|This may be the best of The Bourne trilogy, and that is saying a lot indeed.<br /><br />In this installment, Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) continues to pursue his true identity.  He becomes very interested in a series of newspaper articles that reveal information about himself, Operation Treadstone, etc.  He sets up a meeting with the reporter who is writing the expose.  At their meeting, Bourne senses that they are being watched and seeks to evade assassination and capture.<br /><br />Two characters who have been in the past episodes, Nicky Parsons (Julia Stiles) and Pamela Landy (Joan Allen) are again featured, but this time they seem to be assisting Jason.  Meanwhile the CIA director and the bulk of the agency's resources are trying to eliminate him.<br /><br />There is action galore in this film - a great chase scene, intense fighting, etc.  This is a must see for anyone who has seen the two previous Bourne movies and probably for anyone else who loves a great action show.
B001EAWMGA|5.0|On a lark, I rented this movie at blockbuster this weekend. I was expecting to be dissapointed by some cheesy low budget sci fi channel type film with poor acting, bad effects and terrible plot. What I got was the EXACT opposite. On the surface, you would think the premise of an alien warrior mixed up with Vikings is silly. But this movie pulls it off very well. I am not going to go into a synopsis, what I will tell you is, the special effects are very very good, better than a lot of higher budget movies I have seen, and the acting is very good from a cast largely of unknowns.As other reviewers have stated, there are a couple of cheesy moments, but the ambiance, and the tension that builds through the movie is phenomenal. For any discriminating sci fi fans, I guarantee you will love this movie. The creature has depth and believability that few movie monsters have achieved. The sets and locales are breath taking, the costumes should win an award alone. This is a GOOD movie. Reminds me of blade runner in that I think it slipped under the radar to become a cult classic. Highly recommended!!
B001NFNFNU|5.0|After watching the Changeling I could not stop and think about what I saw in the movie is what is happening in todays society.  Although we do not have the type of ego getters, such as the detective protrayed in the movie, we do have a few detectives who want to take all the glory. Since this country has a missing child alert posted across the country, it takes less time to find a missing child.  What happen to the child in this movie still could happen today.  As the President of a youth assistance program in Michigan, I have asked everyone that I talk to about the movie to rent it and let me know their thoughts.  I thought the movie was realistic in the story line.  I give this movie five stars for its content and story line.
B000002OX7|5.0|The CD is crystal clear, it contains some previously unreleased tracks and every song on the CD is excellent.
B00164KYV4|4.0|First I heard that so many great actors and actresses in this movie, I felt like whaoow.. it must have been a great script that all of them join the team to make this movie. But sometimes they're kinda tricky, many great actor and a good director but suddenly it's way overrated (which I don't understand how come they waste all that talents) but not in this one. People kinda harsh to this movie, I guess that they expect a simple feel good chick flick, or romantic comedy, as usual. This one is more of a serious romantic drama with a little bit humor like in real life, so I found it amazing. Real life opinion (not the ones they put on purpose between each written explanation, ex : \\"if he never calls you\\" then some guy or girl talks.. no .. not that one), the story itself is telling us about relationship, how to find and maintain one, in a great storytelling style, it's kinda slow at the beginning but it's all worthied to be watched and learned from. Some little real life comedy here and there, but overall it's a great drama about realtionships. All the actors, actresses and the director are doing a great job.     If you are trying to find or in a relationship, this movie is totally worthwatching. Trust me. If you are a chick flick regular, probably you won;t find this one as fun as other chick flick or romantic comedy (because  this is more of a drama). I like it a lot. Thanks
0307266303|5.0|I loved this book and was so glad I read it when I did. It proved to be enjoyable, enlightening, and up-lifting, full of great tips, good stories, and funny passages.    I am exactly the person this book was written for. I want to run for fitness, diet/weight control, stree relief, and enjoyment but like so many, struggle to keep it up. I returned to running 3 years ago after several years of little physical activity. I was able to lose a lot of weight, greatly improve fitness, and complete frequent 5Ks, 10Ks, and a couple half marathons each year but like so many, it was a struggle. I seemed to shift from one minor nagging injury to another, when through periods where the very thought of going out running made my stomach churn, and watched my times and preformance stagnate. Like so many other \\"runners\\", I was more of a plodder and pounder and about to become a \\"former runner\\".    \\"Born to Run\\" gave me a whole new lease on my running life. While the gait and form changes that the author recommends (and I agree with) will take months to fully implement, the knowledge that there is a better way to run and that with focus and effort, I can learn to run properly gives me new determination and focus. But even more, the stories he tells, the great people we learn about in the book, and the spirit and joy of running the book leads you to, have given me a new desire and positive outlook on running that had been quickly slipping away.    Like most things worth having in life, this new lease on running won't come easily but after reading this book, I'm more convinced than ever that even a heavy, plodding, middle aged runner like me can learn to run farther, faster, and without all the aches and pains I had become convinced were always going to be present.    A great read!
B0025X4P56|5.0|Serious fans of E and the Eels are overwhelmed with information about the man, his life, and challenges.  I happened across a tune about 5 years ago, and have listened to much of his catalog.  Fascinating life, true talent, heartbreaking episodes, there's no lack of pedigree or justification for making music.   I'm looking at it this way:  I'm headed to a sunny vacation in a week, putting some mixes together, etc.  Nothing crazy... However, Hombre Lobo is going straight on as a stand alone album / playlist whatever the proper nom du jour.  A beer, some contemplation, blowing off some steam, maybe some shenanigans - this is a great soundtrack for all of that.  Cool adult music, without about being contemporary junk, saccharine, forced swagger of bygone youth (no one is calling anyone old here man, it's just life).  Put this in your player of choice and enjoy.  Howl.  P.S. - Fresh Blood is inevitably going to make it into a movie soundtrack, I request that it's a good flick :)
B002AT4K9G|5.0|What can I say?  They took all the best elements from the other earlier films, and used more storyline, cooler cars and of course great awesome driving skills.   I rate it way up there!
B001UW58WW|5.0|David Garrett's newest release (June 2009) was playing in the background of a book/music store and I was compelled to purchase the CD.<br /><br />It is so captivating, I find myself listening to it over & over again! I will be purchasing more of the artist's music....stupendously talented and a great listen even if 'classical' isn't your first choice in music.
0739343947|4.0|If you want to be transported to a different place and time, if you love romances that are so powerful, this is a great read.
0156030209|4.0|This was a bright adventure. A rich and affirming story that lifts you up. Something good for when one is a little down.
B000002UAF|5.0|Any night after a hard day is a good time to listen to this CD; or any time at all for that matter. If I fell for the album, I'd certainly fall for the movie. And that goes for you as well. You'll love both. I should have known better but I always chose the original mono release over the stereo issue. Now I love both. I tell all my girls that I'm happy just to dance with them as long as it is to this record. I love these songs and I love her. I love all my girls. I love all my Long John And The Silver Beetles songs. Tell me why, and I'll know. Otherwise, I just do. I understand that music isn't everything. And I'm certainly aware that it can't buy me love. But if you take my Beatles tunes away from me, I won't stand for it. I'll cry instead. I'll hold it in, but when I get home I'll let it out. Besides, you can't do that. I'll merely buy new ones. I really mean it. It's on record. Things we said today are being posted on this Amazon website. And that's good. I'll be back to read more of what you beautiful Beatles fans have to say about our musical heroes.
B000063K2W|5.0|This is an amaazing movie with no men at all.  They are talked about a lot, but not seen.  Such an unusual concept.  The first time I saw it, I was astounded and really enjoyed it.  That's why I had to have a copy of my very own.
B0000DZ3EN|4.0|I don't envy anyone electing to make a sequel to one of the most beloved films of all time. That said, Walter Murch has done a superb job filming two of the other Oz books.   This film is well acted, and by turns funny and suspenseful. It doesn't quite have the emotional tug that the original film had, but it succeeds on almost every level. Fairuza Balk in her film debut, brings the right psychological weight to every line, and Nicol Williamson and Jean Marsh are genuinely terrifying villains, both in the early \\"real\\" sequence set in a mental hospital and in the Oz sequences.   I loved the talking hen with a penchant for stating the obvious.  This film is incredibly beautiful to look at.  David Shire's musical score is really imaginative, from romance to terror to ragtime.
0757302661|5.0|This book is great to read. It gives you a positive outlook on how beautiful birth is.  I recommend it to every pregnant woman. It is important to know all your options dealing with birth.
B00003CXIP|5.0|good sale
B0024F08RO|5.0|The product arrived on time and in great condition. Exactly what I was looking for.
0375757856|4.0|While on a military campaign, two young men take decidedly different turns in their lives when one makes a decision that the other just can not accept.  Cut to years later, when a precious stone is left to a relative.  Complicated relationships and chaos abound in this mystery by Collins.    Franklin Blake has been entrusted with delivering the stone to its heir.  His decision as to whether or not even give it to the girl is complicated by its history.  He does giver Rachel the stone, and from the evening of her birthday until over a year later their lives are both turned upside down with the disappearance of the moonstone.    The fun part of this book is trying to figure out who stole the moonstone.  Collins will lead you in one direction while subtly pointing you in another.  Pretty soon you're going to suspect so many people you'll wonder if it will ever be figured out.  Well, I had a couple of choice suspects, but I couldn't figure out if they really were the culprits, and if they were, just how in the heck did they get away with it?  Needless to say, I was justified in my suspicions, yet still surprised as to how Collins describes the way the mystery was solved.  Franklin Blake very much reminds me of another Collins character, a Walter Hartwright from The Woman in White.  (I highly recommend that one!)
B000YABIQ6|5.0|Birthday gift for my mother in law, she'll love this amazing series.  Easy transaction, thank you.
0307277453|5.0|This book gives and excellent discussion of the connection between paleontology, physiology, and evolutionary biology. Every evolution denyer should have one.
B00012QM8G|5.0|Obviously that title refers to my review and not the film.<br /><br />Much like `Titanic' (which I still have yet to attempt to review), `Schindler's List' has been talked about so much that saying anything more almost seems pointless.  I mean, really, why review a film that has been reviewed so often and so meticulously that practically everything you or I could say about the film has been said ten times over?<br /><br />I'll tell you why; because I want to.<br /><br />This film has been hailed as not only one of the best films of all time, but the best film about the Holocaust to ever be filmed.  It won many awards including the Academy's top honor and it continues to rank pretty high on many `Top 100' lists as well (currently it's ranking at number 8 on AFI's `100 Years, 100 Movies' list).  Technically speaking they have themselves a winner here.  I cannot fault it for much at all since everything is very, very `correct'.  What I mean by that is that there is barely a flaw to be seen in just about every aspect of the film.  The building blocks are all in the correct places.  The set pieces and costumes are authentic, the acting is without flaw, the mood and storytelling aspect of the film is precise and commendable, the music lifts when it should and scales off when necessary, the black and white imagery is appropriate and captivating.<br /><br />Everything is just as it should be.<br /><br />I think that is my main issue with the film.  Honestly, this may be the only five stars, `A' rated film that I have a major issue with, and issue that could derail any other films shot at a perfect rating.<br /><br />`Schindler's List' is almost too perfect.<br /><br />I'll tell you what I mean here, and hopefully this makes as much sense to you as it does to me.  When reflecting on this film versus the countless other Holocaust movies I've seen recently I noticed something that struck me a little.  `Schindler's List' is so `correct' in it's delivery that it loses a bit of the emotional connection one needs to feel with these types of films.  Before you start bombarding me with comments about how this movie made you cry and this movie perfectly portrays inhumanity and humanity or whatever, take a minute to read all that I have to say about this.  I'm not saying that one doesn't feel the emotions they should.  I cried and I got frustrated and I got angry and in the end I even got those tear-filled feelings of happiness, but there was no real `connection' involved.  It was mechanical emotions that any and every living breathing `decent' person should and will feel when watching this sort of atrocity.  The best way I can say this is by likening it to the feelings one might get from watching a documentary on the same subject.  `Schindler's List' even carries that same feeling to it; that documentation feel.  That's part of what I mean by being `correct'.  Everything is `just so', `point blank', `nonchalant', as if it's being dictated to us.<br /><br />It's almost as if this fault can't really be faulted it since the coldness is so impeccably translated to the lack of emotional connection that it comes off as one of Spielberg's artistic tactics.<br /><br />This same `correctness' can be directed at the acting, which is impeccable in a very mannerly way.  Each performance is just as it should be.  I can't say a negative thing about them technically.  Liam Neeson has never been this proficient and this authentic.  Ben Kingsley is solid and believable.  As great as they were though, they were `correct to a fault' almost.  The lack of charismatic bravado or even the minutest of flaws almost makes them (don't cringe at this) forgettable.  That's not to take away from what they've done here (Neeson is very effective when he needs to be), but at the end of the day there is nothing about these performances that really grabs me and demands me take notice.  On the other hand, Ralph Fiennes understood how to deliver a technically `correct' performancewithout losing the spark that makes him infectious and captivating.  Sure, his character screams `look at me' but he is the one that demands us look at him.  It's not just about theatrics (and this is directed at you trigger happy readers who are about to comment that I don't understand subtlety without reading a single other review I've written) for his best scene is one where he says absolutely nothing and quite honestly moves not a single body part.  There is a moment when he is alone in his bathroom, his head tilted to the side, and the glare in his eyes is monstrous.<br /><br />Best scene in the film and, without hesitation, one of the best supporting performances of the 90's and possibly even forever.<br /><br />When considering this film alongside films like `Sophie's Choice' or `The Reader' or maybe more appropriately `The Pianist' I have come to realize that the direction this film takes is far different in style and effectiveness.  One could argue that this is, without doubt, the better film, and technically speaking you are probably correct.  With that said though, I feel a deeper connection to `The Reader' or `The Pianist' because they took the time to really make their characters a part of the audience.<br /><br />Like I said, this film is still a five stars, `A' grade film for me.  It ranks among the best films of 93 (a deserving win, even if I don't feel it deserved to win, beings that `The Piano' and `The Remains of the Day' were both better films) and certainly one of the most commanding and memorable films (and widely talked about) that most of the world will see.  Maybe that is why this film has remained so widely loved.  There are so many amazing films that get no fan base and thus fizzle into obscurity.  An accessible film like `Schindler's List' will never die out as long as it is at our fingertips.<br /><br />I know that this seems like I'm being harsh, which is probably confusing to many beings that I handed this a five star rating, but I cannot deny the fact that this is an amazing film that is technically flawless.  On the other hand, I cannot lie about how I feel.<br /><br />It just goes to prove that even a brilliant film that one loves and adores has its limitations when one is willing to be open and honest.ng.  Sure, his character screams `look at me' but he is the one that demands us look at him.  It's not just about theatrics (and this is directed at you trigger happy readers who are about to comment that I don't understand subtlety without reading a single other review I've written) for his best scene is one where he says absolutely nothing and quite honestly moves not a single body part.  There is a moment when he is alone in his bathroom, his head tilted to the side, and the glare in his eyes is monstrous.      Best scene in the film and, without hesitation, one of the best supporting performances of the 90's and possibly even forever.    When considering this film alongside films like `Sophie's Choice' or `The Reader' or maybe more appropriately `The Pianist' I have come to realize that the direction this film takes is far different in style and effectiveness.  One could argue that this is, without doubt, the better film, and technically speaking you are probably correct.  With that said though, I feel a deeper connection to `The Reader' or `The Pianist' because they took the time to really make their characters a part of the audience.      Like I said, this film is still a five stars, `A' grade film for me.  It ranks among the best films of 93 (a deserving win, even if I don't feel it deserved to win, beings that `The Piano' and `The Remains of the Day' were both better films) and certainly one of the most commanding and memorable films (and widely talked about) that most of the world will see.  Maybe that is why this film has remained so widely loved.  There are so many amazing films that get no fan base and thus fizzle into obscurity.  An accessible film like `Schindler's List' will never die out as long as it is at our fingertips.    I know that this seems like I'm being harsh, which is probably confusing to many beings that I handed this a five star rating, but I cannot deny the fact that this is an amazing film that is technically flawless.  On the other hand, I cannot lie about how I feel.      It just goes to prove that even a brilliant film that one loves and adores has its limitations when one is willing to be open and honest.
B002EAF2JS|5.0|Title: Duets 2 cd set  Artist: Various Artists    Genre: General Rock  Label:   Notes:     Tracks:   01   Tonight, I Celebrate My Love / Peabo Bryson & Roberta Flack  [3:32]  02   Through The Storm / Aretha Franklin & Elton John  [4:23]  03   Romance (Love Theme From 'Sing') / Paul Carrack & Terri Nunn  [4:31]  04   Too Much, Too Little, Too Late / Johnny Mathis & Deniece Williams  [2:57]  05   I Got You Babe / Sonny & Cher  [3:12]  06   How 'Bout Us / Grayson Hugh & Betty Wright  [4:33]  07   Take Me Home Tonight / Eddie Money Feat. Ronnie Spector  [3:32]  08   You and I / Eddie Rabbitt & Crystal Gayle Rabbitt & Crystal Gayle  [3:59]  09   Then Came You / The Spinners/Dionne Warwick  [3:57]  10   With You I'm Born Again / Billy Preston & Syreeta  [3:39]  11   Everything's Beautiful (In It's Own Way) / Dolly Parton & Willie Nelson  [3:16]  12   All I Want Is Forever / James \\"J.T.\\" Taylor & Regina Belle  [4:28]  13   Remember / Andy Williams & Noelle  [3:28]  14   Solid / Ashford & Simpson  [3:46]  15   Stumblin' In / Suzi Quatro & Chris Norman  [3:30]  16   Friends And Lovers / Gloria Loring & Carl Anderson  [3:47]  17   Wherever Would I Be / Dusty Springfield & Daryl Hall  [3:57]  18   Endless Love / Diana Ross & Lionel Richie  [3:05]  Title: Duets [Disc 2]  Artist: Various Artists  Year: 1996  Length: 1:05:51  Genre: General Rock  Label: Sony Music  Notes:     Tracks:   01   Almost Paradise (Love Theme From 'Footloose') / Ann Wilson & Mike Reno  [3:41]  02   Let's Be Lovers Again / Eddie Money & Valerie Carter  [3:54]  03   Baby, Come To Me / Patti Austin & James Ingram  [3:36]  04   He's So Fine / Kristy & Jimmy McNichol  [2:13]  05   The Girl From Ipanema / Stan Getz & Astrud Gilberto  [5:14]  06   I Can't Help It / Andy Gibb & Olivia Newton-John  [4:08]  07   All I Have To Do Is Dream / Bobbie Gentry & Glen Campbell  [2:35]  08   Glad To Be Alive / Teddy Pendergrass & Lisa Fisher  [5:05]  09   (You're) Having My Baby / Paul Anka & Odia Coates  [2:34]  10   Can't We Try / Dan Hill & Vonda Shepard  [3:55]  11   You Don't Have To Be A Star (To Be In My Show) / Marilyn McCoo & Billy Davis Jr.  [3:53]  12   Everlasting Love / Rex Smith & Rachel Sweet  [3:42]  13   My Elusive Dreams / Tammy Wynette & David Houston  [2:53]  14   Finder Of Lost Loves / Dionne Warwick & Glen Jones  [4:41]  15   Reunited / Peaches & Herb  [3:59]  16   You're Gonna Love Yourself In The Morning / Willie Nelson & Brenda Lee  [2:55]  17   The Last Time I Felt Like This / Jane Olivor, Johnny Mathis  [2:57]  18   Up Where We Belong (Love Theme From 'An Officer And A Gentleman') / Joe Cocker & Jennifer Warnes  [3:55]
B001EAWMGA|4.0|Outlander is a surprisingly good straight-to-video sci-fi action movie. Decent visual effects and alot of good actors coupled with a good story make this movie a winner.        James Caviezel stars as an intergalactic policeman that crash lands on Earth in 700 A.D. Unfortunately for him and the Norsemen he encounters, there was a murderous alien monster stowaway on board.         If you are thinking \\"take-off of Beowulf\\", then you are close. This film sounds like a hokey idea but it works. (Its also good to see Caviezel in a film where he is not screaming all the time.) The first twenty minutes were very cool and had me hooked. And I liked the underlying ecological theme, nice touch. I just wish the Sci-Fi channel could make \\"CGI Monster of the Week\\" movies this good.    At the very least, rent Outlander. This is better than most theatrically released sci-fi films.
B000LGZHDS|5.0|I got this as a surprise for my girlfriend who loves Spongebob while ordering some stuff for myself off Amazon.  For only $[...], you cant go wrong!  Looks exactly as advertised, so you cant ask for more than that.  Very cute little toy that would make a good surprise gift for that Spongebob lover that you know
6304498969|5.0|Every note in its place, so delicate yet powerful, this is a masterpiece. The sound is very good 5.1 surround, lyrics available to sing along. perfect
B0000025HG|5.0|When Barbra was rich enough to build her own studio and sound stage at her place in Malibu, she wrote and produced her own stuff.  This album is an incredible must have for every Barbra fan, and even those on the side.    She wrote a lot of her on songs during this period, but this theme album on all things wet is superub.  I highly recommend it.  I was thrilled to find a copy of it anywhere.
0375703764|5.0|When friends are between books and ask me for a recommendation, this is always one of my first choices. Yes, it's campy and sometimes infuriating, but it sucked me in like a Venus flytrap and I loved every minute of it. I can't remember when I've been so slowly, deliciously creeped out. The typographical quirks occasionally maddened me, but most of them actually do support and further the plot and the general horror. Even fans of Borges or Eco can find that this is simply a great read; between its covers, in its carefully documented universe, nothing is what it seems to be--maybe....
0316017922|5.0|Let me start out by saying I really enjoy Gladwell's writing style.  Easy and informative.  His ability to uncover secret advantages is unequaled by any author.  I would agree that IQ, etc. is not the end all/be all of personal and business success - it is the what and how of the thinking you employ.  Negative thinking produces negative results, mediocre thinking produces mediocre results and optimal thinking is the only way to consistently achieve optimal results.  While your reading this book, I strongly recommend [[ASIN:0471414646 Optimal Thinking: How to Be Your Best Self]] as the ultimate source to maximize your success in your business and personal life.
B00000G3I2|5.0|Enjoyed this ensemble cast with different personalities, yet all fit well together.  Fantastic, fun to watch, and a joy to listen to.  The only thing I wish is that during the special features, it spoke of a college Thanksgiving dinner that was eventually deleted, I think I would have really enjoyed watching it.  ras
B001SAHOBO|5.0|As an ardent watcher of Kung Fu movies, from Fist of Fury, Enter the Dragon to the more recent Hero, this movie has the chops to keep you peeled at the screen for the close to its 1.5 hour duration. All said, I didn't want the movie to end; the plot was great, the fight sequences literally hair raising. This movie is a must watch. Period.
B002AQTD2S|1.0|Don't get this version.  It is incomplete and incorrectly formatted.  Amazon-pay attention to what is going on!
B0015DROBO|5.0|I had never heard of Larsson and I am glad i found this mystery! its an excellemt detective story and a family saga in one
1439157383|4.0|The premise of this book really does go hand in had with the notion that we are all in other's lives for a reason, a season, or a lifetime.  Despite the ending this book was a really good read, in my opinion.  I loved how the author arranged the chapters to come from each character's point of view.  I, like another reviewer pointed out, had a difficult time accepting some of the narratives by thirteen year old Anna.  Her chapters were a little above and beyond some of the thoughts of even the most mature 13 year olds, but the insights that Anna had were definitely deep/touching/entertaining.      I must say that I struggled with the mother's (Sara) character; she disappointed me time and time again by not ever acknowledging how incredibly selfish she was being.  The father let me down too when he chickened out and changed his testimony during the trial.    Without spoiling the book too much for anyone who's not read it, I must say that the ending caught me completely off guard; I don't know if I just wasn't paying attention or if the story was just written well, but I did not expect what came to pass.      All in all the book is well written, it climaxes in a way that makes you not want to put the book down for the last 150 pages or so.  The chapters get shorter and shorter and it comes to the point where you just want to know what will become of this jilted little girl and this confused family.  I highly recommend reading the book.    On another note, I cannot wait to see the movie.  Abigail Briesling will nail this performance, I have no doubt. As far as Cameron Diaz.....if she pulls off this performance I will gain new respect for her.  This will be a very uncharacteristic role for her.
031606792X|5.0|I thought this book was the best of the series.  My only concern is that I have been reading and discussing this series with my 10 year old granddaughter.  I feel this book is a little too explicit for her and have decided that she will need to be a little older before I allow her to read it. I worry a little that other young people are reading this series without adult supervision.
B0018YIFEK|4.0|The premise of this book really does go hand in had with the notion that we are all in other's lives for a reason, a season, or a lifetime. Despite the ending this book was a really good read, in my opinion. I loved how the auther arranged the chapters to come from each character's point of view. I, like another reviewer pointed out, had a difficult time accepting some of the narratives by thirteen year old Anna. Her chapters were a little above and beyond some of the thoughts of even the most mature 13 year olds, but the insights that Anna had were definitely deep/touching/entertaining.     I must say that I struggled with the mother's (Sara) character; she disappointed me time and time again by not ever acknowledging how incredibly selfish she was being. The father let me down too when he chickened out and changed his testimony during the trial.     Without spoiling the book too much for anyone who's not read it, I must say that the ending caught me completely off guard; I don't know if I just wasn't paying attention or if the story was just written well, but I did not expect what came to pass.     All in all the book is well written, it climaxes in a way that makes you not want to put the book down for the last 150 pages or so. The chapters get shorter and shorter and it comes to the point where you just want to know what will become of this jilted little girl and this confused family. I highly recommend reading the book.     On another note, I cannot wait to see the movie. Abigail Briesling will nail this performance, I have no doubt. As far as Cameron Diaz.....if she pulls off this performance I will gain new respect for her. This will be a very uncharacteristic role for her.
B000JMKRKC|5.0|This has to be one of the best books I have read in a long time.  Beyond interesting, keeps you turning the pages.
0374531269|5.0|The candid account of a Leonian who exemplifies the chief export of Sierra Leone - Resiliance.<br /><br />Beginning with a Leonian middle class kid who couldn't wait to hit the next hip hop event with his friends, the reader is swept up with Beah in his experience as it happens.  From terrified dislodged tweenager looking for food and family, through his evolution to the most deadly and dangerous of human weapons, the Author takes us along, openly, without patronizing or passing judgement on himself or others.<br /><br />One quickly learns that child soldiers are not merely boot-fillers, not just to swell the ranks of otherwise adult forces.  On the contrary, these children are among the most deadly of all human beings.  Without the life experience to develop normal moral code, completely stripped of all connection to family and normal life, with youth allowing uncanny physical endurance and capability, they become the most remorseless, ruthless, and skilled of killing machines.<br /><br />Recruited for their clean mental slate, twisted adults will drive them to robot-like assassin status, then unleash them to obliterate entire communities.  Read, and witness.<br /><br />Without the likes of Ishmael Beah, we would not have the insight to understand the phenomenon.  Jarring, sad, disturbing, current, and ultimately uplifting, this work haunts.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I loved this series. It is just so great and it helps to have read the books first because i had an idea of what was going to happen but then again things change because the creator wanted it close but not exact to the book. The series did a great job. I loved it so much that I had to get my husband to get HBO before the second season started...and it's GREAT!!
0140449337|4.0|Marcus Aurelius was a Roman emperor, from 161 to his death, from the plague, in 180. He has been dubbed the last of the five good emperors. He wrote this collection of thoughts, which latter would be titled \\"Meditations,\\" in the last decade of his life, the 6th, a time of life that others also wisely begin to contemplate the real questions of life. Aurelius subscribed to the Stoic school of philosophy which originated in Greece, and he often contrasts his thoughts with the ones from another Greek school, the Epicurean. Christianity, a minor sect at the time, is mentioned only once in the book. Although Roman, with presumably Latin being his first tongue, Aurelius wrote these thoughts in Greek, which was the language of the \\"cultivated\\" at the time, much as French was in the 18th Century.<br /><br />There is this \\"I need to pinch myself to make sure I'm not dreaming\\" quality about this book. Aurelius was the Emperor of one of the greatest empires on earth, at its apogee, and these thoughts were written as he was actively campaigning against hostile tribes in areas that are now Serbia and Hungary. He was not concerned with the particulars involving his subordinates, nor the changing fortunes of the wars. He addressed the larger issues of life, the philosophical \\"big questions,\\" and did this not in an abstract, academic sense, but as to how they applied to his daily living. His first book is a collection of \\"thanks\\" to the individuals who influenced him (a useful exercise for all of us). There are ample dollops of fatalism and re-incarnation in his mediations. His work is also heavy on the ultimate question - how to face one's own death - and he consistently stresses the importance of exiting with grace, and without regret. Yes, A Happy Death. In death, as a Stoic, he believed that he will be re-merged into a Universal Nature (which the translator renders with capitals).<br /><br />There are numerous useful aphorisms. Those who advocate torturing our enemies might consider: \\"The noblest kind of retribution is not to become like your enemy.\\" Or \\"for pride smoldering under a cover of humility is the most grievous pride of all.\\" And there are certainly those I would disagree with: \\"The gods must not be blamed; for they do no wrong, willingly or unwillingly; nor human beings' for they do no wrong except unwillingly. Therefore no one is to be blamed.\\"<br /><br />I wonder what Aurelius would think of what has become of his random reflections. It is unlikely that he would have thought they would have been collected into a book - among other matters, they lack coherence and rigor. There are numerous redundancies, and inconsistencies. And it seems that even the specialists in the field cannot decipher around 10% of his references. There are also numerous editions and translations, and although I just purchased this a copy from Amazon, it seems to vary from some of the other editions. And apparently, based on other reviews, best not to include the variations from Kindle.<br /><br />For the thrill of reading the philosophical musing of a true world leader, and intellect, I'd give the book 5-stars; however, since he may have never have intended it to be published in this format, and for the lack of cohesion, overall, think it rates a 4-star.est kind of retribution is not to become like your enemy.\\" Or \\"for pride smoldering under a cover of humility is the most grievous pride of all.\\" And there are certainly those I would disagree with: \\"The gods must not be blamed; for they do no wrong, willingly or unwillingly; nor human beings' for they do no wrong except unwillingly. Therefore no one is to be blamed.\\"    I wonder what Aurelius would think of what has become of his random reflections. It is unlikely that he would have thought they would have been collected into a book - among other matters, they lack coherence and rigor. There are numerous redundancies, and inconsistencies. And it seems that even the specialists in the field cannot decipher around 10% of his references. There are also numerous editions and translations, and although I just purchased this a copy from Amazon, it seems to vary from some of the other editions. And apparently, based on other reviews, best not to include the variations from Kindle.     For the thrill of reading the philosophical musing of a true world leader, and intellect, I'd give the book 5-stars; however, since he may have never have intended it to be published in this format, and for the lack of cohesion, overall, think it rates a 4-star.
B001U0HBPG|3.0|After all the hype around this movie, I was really looking forward to suspending reality for a couple of hrs and becoming engrossed in a great story. I was very disappointed in the result. Whilst no doubt a very strong cast in Brad Pitt and Kate Blanchett and a storyline that should transcend to the big screen, something got lost along the way. The film traced the life of a man born old and aging to become young. I found the film too long and for me it 'died' half-way through. That was the point where I stopped caring about Mr.Button, and could very easily have switched off. I perservered and staying to the end and though it did resurrect itself, I had already become bored with it. The film is too long and what should have been great became very average.
1430300612|5.0|A truly fascinating insight into what happens during a stroke by a scientist who not only could understand what was happening to her, but has been able to describe it so well, and in addition draw attention to how close to all of us this experience can be.
B001P9KR8U|4.0|Danny Boyle's multi-oscar winning film hits the shelves on DVD, but is it worth a look, given all the hype ?? The answer is 'absolutely yes'. Set in Mumbai, it follows a contestant Jamil on the Indian version of 'Who Wants To Be A Millionaire', where each answer depicts a stage in his life that is both harrowing and uplifting. It's a tale of poverty, family destruction and of course undying love. This is a movie that tugs at the heart-strings and although not gripping, it is compulsive viewing. Dev Patel is fantastic as Jamil, but that said, all of the acting is of a very high standard. Totally believable, thoroughly engaging and a unique must-see movie.
B000ANVPPQ|5.0|McLintock! is one of John Wayne's greatest films, a more modern re-telling of \\"The Taming of the Shrew\\". A must have for any fan of The Duke.    Previously, I had purchased two other DVD's of this film which were in horrible quality. My original VHS was better quality then those. When you buy this DVD make sure you are buying  \\"The John Wayne Collection - Authentic Collector's Edition by Paramount\\" this is the only version of the movie worth owning, and in my opinion all others are worthless.    Also ignore any review that is before 2005, because this official version was not out until then. Those reviews are talking about the horrible versions I mentioned earlier.
1401923119|5.0|I really found this book to be enlightening, empowering and validating at the same time. I already believed in the Law of Attraction and the power of our thoughts on our lives. If you view beliefs as thoughts you keep thinking over and over again...negative, limting thoughts have an incredible impact on your life. Dr. lipton does a great job explaining the biology of our beliefs. Definitely read this book; [[ASIN:1419674609 Living The Secret Everyday: My Secret Workbook]]; and listen to some great CDs: [[ASIN:1607434148 Living The Secret Everyday: My Secret Meditation]] to actually change the way you think and [[ASIN:B002B8VJFE Excuses Begone! [How to Change Lifelong, Self-Defeating Thinking Habits] [UNABRIDGED] [AUDIOBOOK/AUDIO CD]]]to develop a deeper insight as to why we think in a negative and limiting way. They have had an incredible  impact on my life.
0765356147|5.0|The Hero of the Ages gives a very satisfying conclusion to the Mistborn Trilogy.  As a whole, the series is very unique.  What is most interesting to me is how Sanderson managed to continue the story even after the \\"evil\\" of the first book is done away with.  The book isn't flawless, however.  I found the beginning of each chapter, where another book of sorts is quoted in italics, disrupted the pace of the reading.  The explanations of certain things like hemalurgy were illuminating, but the plot was made somewhat transparent by it as well.  I did not find the pacing of the book to be an issue.  Sanderson manages to weave action and politics together in a good balance.  The characterization was spread throughout more characters in this book than in the previous entries, and Sanderson still manages to handle this aspect sufficiently to keep the characters from being too stagnate.<br /><br />The book isn't a quick read, but then again, it still goes too fast.  The ending, however, is deeply satisfying and will keep you processing the conclusion for many days afterward.
0307450570|3.0|Saw a library copy of this & had to have it...while I'm not not interested in everything, what I do have an interest in is simply explained, well illustrated, and inspiring me to get my crafting going.
B00004THDI|3.0|I recieved my CD and it did not work so i ask to return it. Then...they ask for its size and weight(like i had scales and then had to measure a CD) and they also ask for the ISBN number as if it was a book. I am not sure they knew what they sent me as it came from a 3rd party. None the less it all worked out and I recieved another CD that worked just fine. They were a tad automated. I would buy again.
B002CHZP0O|2.0|I am really surprised this book even found a publisher; it's clunky and dull for the most part, with long, boring exposition. It's filled with irrelevant details eg what the characters are having for lunch or when they do their grocery shopping. Marvellous lines like, \\"They said hello and shook hands\\", The main character, Blomkvist, is bland and unappealing. There is a huge cast of characters, the majority of which are extraneous, making the plot hard to follow. The mystery at the centre has been adorned with every possible shock tactic, sadistic sexual violence, child abuse, incest, which seems a very shabby literary device and one that has become quite worn in the last twenty years. What's the appeal?
159102594X|3.0|This book came highly recommended to me by a couple of friends, but I wasn't too impressed at first. For the first hundred, hundred-and-fifty pages, I just couldn't get into it - the narrative was scattershot, the characters stereotypes, and the plot (what there was of it) a dreary slog. Especially troublesome to me were the characters - stock origins aside, only one of them was remotely likable, and he was the one we knew the least about. The rest were all various nasty people in various stages of depression or cluelessness, and frankly I didn't see why it was I'd want to spend any more time with them.<br /><br />Somewhere along the line, however, that part changed. The plot was still lacking in action, the revolving point-of-view approach still scattershot, but the people populating the story grew on me. One's plain-black internal monologue gradually got blackly humourous, another's arrogance became tempered with a small dose of self-awareness, and I found myself liking them rather more - to the point where I was disappointed when the book was finished, because I'd been enjoying the time I was spending with them.<br /><br />Structurally, the novel is a mess; the author was obviously focusing on launching a series rather than telling a single story, and the slow start and lack of any real climax belie that. But plow through the narrative housekeeping, and as the voices of the various characters become stronger and surer, you may well forgive those deficiencies and find yourself looking forward to the next book rather more than you thought you would. I know I did.
B00005JOFQ|5.0|Brokeback Mountain has received a considerable amount of attention from the media for it's incredible story and visual detail, as well as its controversial story line. Brokeback challenges the very nature of a western romantic film, and although it is not a typical love story it will be upheld as a landmark film for both the GLBT community as well as American cinema.    Brokeback is the story of two men who fall in love while herding sheep in the fictional wilderness of Brokeback Mountain. At first, I was a little skeptical that the movie was going to be good at all since the relationship between the two men develops rapidly just within the first half of the film. However, the story is much more than just about the two men. The movie explores the societal pressures of marriage and heterosexuality as both men marry women and have children. The movie also acknowledges the fear and anxiety of same sex intimacy as the character played by Heath Ledger (Ennis) is afraid of committing to a relationship because of a past childhood experience when he saw a murdered man who was suspected of being gay.    SPOILER: Although the movie is quite beautiful, it is also an incredibly sad film. The character played by Jake Gyllenhaal (Jack) is murdered at the end of the film. Ennis is left to deal with his emotions of loss as well as never committing to a fulfilling relationship with Jack. Secondly, you feel incredibly sorry for the wives and the children as they become aware of their father's infidelity that end up destroying their families. Heath Ledger's recent death adds an extra sting at the end of the film.    If the content of two men falling in love is of no interest to you, the incredibly beautiful scenery and soundtrack are worth it alone. I would advise ignoring the homophobic comments and reviews left by the Christian right who have no appreciation for art and progression. Approach this film with an open mind, and you will not be disappointed. Leave the prejudices at the door, sit back, and enjoy the show! Oh, don't forget the Kleenex.
B000001ZS5|3.0|This one was not my favorite.  I had heard one of the tracks on a compilation but that seemed to be the best.  So I can not recommend this album
B000053VBL|4.0|I have seen a number of Truffaut films and, while I was very impressed with \\"Day for Night\\", I generally found his movies to be a bit over-rated.  I certainly found his book of interviews with Alfred Hitchcock to be a marvelous insight to Hitchcock and his films.  As I understand it, \\"The Bride wore Black\\" came out the following year and is a tribute by Truffaut to Hitchcock.  It is a good movie; it is not Hitchcock, but it is a good movie.  It centers on a woman who is out to kill the five men who were responsible for killing her husband just moments after their marriage.      As the movie unfolds, we gradually get more and more about the what, where, when and why for these murders.  This is a nice touch because the mystery we encounter deals with the present as well as the past.  The \\"bride\\" is a hard person to figure out.  She plays an emotional-less role very well but we know that something deep within is really motivating her.  I realized that it was the death of her husband but even that didn't explain the depth of her compusion.  I was thinking about this after I watched the movie and then I recalled a minor little scene in the film that suddenly illuminated everything.  It was a visual recollection of her relationship with her brief spouse.  In the recollection they were bosom buddies since they were 5 or 6 years old.  This wasn't just a tentative \\"I Do\\" relationship, this really was a one in a million, life-long before it even began, true love relationship.  In the briefest of scenes was the key to understanding everything.  It may not have been classic Hitchcock but it was the best of Truffaut.  The rest of the film falls together nicely and wraps up in a most delightful many (as I suspect Hitchcock might say).  No, this is not Hitchcock but it IS a good Truffaut movie.
0439023483|3.0|I've read very little fiction in my adult life.  I was standing in the middle of a Super WalMart a few nights ago when this book caught my eye.  Maybe it was the black cover.  I read the synopsis and a few paragraphs and had the feeling I had picked it up before.  I didn't buy it then but couldn't stop thinking about it the next day.  From the reviews I've read, not being able to get the book out of one's head is a common occurrence.         I basically ran full-speed back to WalMart that night to read a couple more paragraphs.  I opened at random to the astounding passage in which Katniss is standing on the disc, waiting for the gong to sound and the game to begin. By the time her orange backpack had deflected the knife and she was running toward the forest, I was hooked.         I stayed up all night to read it.  I took a few small breaks only to massage my neck and grab a Coke. I decided about a quarter of the way through that it was by far the most disturbing book I'd ever read.  The weirdest.  The most sickeningly nightmarish....(\\"What kind of mind...?\\").  I couldn't get enough of it.        I have two big problems with it though. I don't think anyone in reality would buy the love story that Katniss's sponsors were trying to push. When people are fighting against each other for survival, they don't fall in love. Second, I found it totally incredulous that Thresh would spare Katniss's life, especially so late in the game. I know he and Rue were from the same district, but it just seemed totally unbelievable and something of a *deus ex machina* to keep Katniss alive until the end.          I'm a little embarrassed that I didn't realize until reading reviews online that *The Hunger Games* is considered a \\"children's\\" book.  What child would read this though? The writing style and content seem about as adult as can be. I found the book in the adult section, so apparently I'm not the only one with this view.
B001DELWZY|5.0|I for one have always detested 'contempory art.' I just shrivel when I<br />see a Wagnerian opera with male performers appearing in oversize trousers held up by braces. One often wonders where all this stupidity  started. Anybody out there agree.? Let one do a short review on 'La  Traviata.' I shall not go into a long drawn out monologue regarding this production at La Scala,suffice to say,sell your wedding rings, or even the family silverware, perhaps the grandfather clock, but for God's sake order this one at once!! Everthing to do with this classic is wonderful, just wonderful.I rest my case.<br /><br />  Greetings from Australia<br />  Thomas Knight.<br />  Film Production Manager<br />  Wintergarden Community Film Studios.(Aust)
0553381687|5.0|I presume you know what genre I'm talking about.<br /><br />Each chapter tells the story from one character's point of view. The author is especially fond of children, most of the main characters are either children or teenagers.<br /><br />But beware that you're getting into a really huge story which never ends. I've gotten though the first three books, and while the third book does finally wrap up SOME of the storylines, more is left hanging.<br /><br />A unique element of this story is that some of the main characters die, which keeps you on your toes. You can't assume that your favorite character is going to make all the way to the end.<br /><br />While certain other authors have gorged themselves on too much magic, in this series the magic is very downplayed. In fact, halfway into the first book you may be wondering if there's any magic in this world at all. But when magic finally happens, it's long absence makes the event a lot more magical.<br /><br />So while this book still capitalizes on the fantasy genre which is all derivative of Tolkien, this book is very different than the simple good guy defeats the great Evil story.
0307460444|5.0|great layout, tried a couple so far; excellent & yummy. Better than any other cupcake cookbook I own & I have a few..
B001HC7XCS|1.0|It is great if you are Korean.  Too bad my 3 year old grandaughters are not.  What a dissappointment!!!!  Now I have to try to return it.
B0007MWZEK|4.0|Ok, I read lots of reviews on this item immediately after purchasing it, to help me decide whether or not to take it out of its package or just return it. As with anything, I found both positive and negative reviews, ultimately deciding I needed to try it for myself. I have decided that there is a very simple bottom line when it comes to this product: it is not a vacuum cleaner nor is it advertised as such. BUT it does what it is meant to do well, and that is effectively picks up dirt, dust bunnies, pet hair and other smaller particles quickly and easily.     Will the Swivel Sweeper replace your vacuum cleaner? No. Will it make your carpets look as good as they do after a thorough vacuuming? No. Will it fluff up carpet pile and suck up hidden dirt and dander? No. But I'll tell you what it will do: it will make your floors, both tile/hardwood and carpet look clean and tidy. It will pick up all that daily junk that accumulates on your floors that you simply don't feel like dragging out the vacuum cleaner for. It will swivel into all kinds of nooks and crannies and underneath shelving, tables and appliances to nab all of those crumbs and dust bunnies that evade your big vacuum. So treat as it is meant to be treated, bearing in mind that it is not a super tricked out vacuum with tons of suction power (it in fact has no suction, simply an electric sweeping mechanism that sweeps the particles into the dust tray) and I don't think you will be as disappointed as some of the reviews I have read.    I have had mine for about 2 weeks. I use it daily and I just had to charge it for the first time two days ago. It is important to follow the directions for charging and DON'T overcharge it as it sounds like that will drain the battery life. I empty the dirt tray after every use as it is very easy to do so and the tray does not hold a lot of material. I have two long-haired pets and while the Sweeper does a fine job of picking up their hair, the hair then proceeds to get tangled inthe rotatating brushes. I find that once every 3 uses or so I need to remove the plastic guard and untangle the hair from the brushes. This is a quick and easy process using my hands or the little gadget they give you for this purpose.    I have been very pleased with the Swivel Sweeper. It has made my life infinitely easier not having to drag out my full-sized upright vacuum every day. It has its limitations but I find that the positives outweigh the negatives. I recommend giving it a try if you are looking for a solution to the daily dirt, dust, and hair that find their way onto your floors (unless of course, you like bonding with your vacuum cleaner on a daily basis :-)
B001PR0Y5S|5.0|In the days before home video people would often remark that a film was 'must-see' now the catch phrase is 'must-own' and that's what this one is.  Just saw it in the theater and haven't laughed so much in a long time.  This is a 'must own' film because you will want to rewatch it and show it to company.  In hindsight I was glad the snack bar was too crowded to get a soda because I'd have surely passed it through my nose - and those bubbles are painful.
B00003CX9W|5.0|This is my son's ABSOLUTE favorite Disney movie and has become mine too!<br /><br />LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it!<br /><br />Thank you so very much!
B00003CX8Y|5.0|I have gotten a great price on this movie. It's one of mine and my girls favorite movies of all time. The seller was fast at shipping this movie and very reasonable on the price. Many other on this same movie were alot more expensive. Thanks.
0743289692|5.0|An excellent book!  She tells her story in a way that makes you not want to put the book down!  The book arrived on time and in the condition stated.
0743564413|1.0|this is the worst audio book i have ever listened to. william hurt is a well-known actor but doesn't know how to read. he reads this book as if he is just learning how to read. he pauses every other word. hemingway perfected a spare stripped down style that made his writing revolutionary. hurt's reading is the opposite. caveat emptor.
B001IAOEXU|1.0|I don't know which controller these were made for, but it sure wasn't the Dualshock 3... they refused to clip on. In my honest opinion, the controller's original triggers are good enough. These are a waste of money.
B00003CX9Q|5.0|This movie brought back many memories. A must see for families and any Drew Barrymore fan.
B000LXHK2C|4.0|After reading Mayel and seeing the Alfred Molina series when this movie came out I had to see it.  I'm glad I did and Russell Crowe is great in anything that he does.
B00164GDD2|4.0|Yes it's true- this blu ray transfer has grain. But don't let that stop you from picking this up. While the grain can become bothersome to the eye after a while you can tell they did make an attempt to clean it up a bit. I do hope in the future it actually is a true HD transfer and not something that looks like a upconverted dvd. Sound was alright, nothing to write home about.    The special features however are great. Slimer Mode is well worth the price of this blu ray, something that could never make it to a regular dvd with the amount of audio/video. The special on the restoration of the original ECTO 1 was awesome. Also the fact that all the original special features from the previous dvd releases made it to blu ray was a great bonus.    Bottom line is to pick this up if you are a diehard. If you call yourself a child of the 80's this is a must. Hopefully the image will improve down the road.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I watched this on Hulu this weekend... and fell in love.  I can't wait for Amazon to ship me a copy, so I have one reserved at Borders and will be picking it up tonight.  A wanna-be super-villain with a video blog... and everyone sings!  What's not to love?!  (Yes, I know I should wait and review the DVD as a whole, \\"Commentary! The Musical\\" included, but I still won't be able to give it more than 5 stars.  I bought the album on iTunes, does that count?)    This project rose out of the dark days of the writers strike, when Joss Whedon decided to get out of the picket lines and make a statement that has continued to resound long after the picketers dispersed.  Along with his brothers, he conceived and financed this project entirely on his own - breaking the studio model -  for the sake of creativity, and to prove that EXCELLENT content can be produced on a minimalist budget (low 6-figures, he says, which is pretty impressive).  This production was then released via internet, with demand to watch it so high that it crashed the website the night it was released.    I can't say enough about the creativity and originality that this project showcases.  Not only the concept and content (again, singing super-villain with a video blog?!  WIN!), but the whole model with which it was produced and distributed.  In a few years, hindsight will be 20/20, and it will be clear that this really was a pioneer in the future of new media and its impact on how we watch produced content.  I know some people have complained about the DVD-R format... but doesn't that just add to the charm?!  It's a homemade project, folks!    Neil Patrick Harris, Felicia Day, and Nathan Fillion are all perfectly cast.  The songs are all brilliantly written and performed.  The story is superb... it's no wonder this has had such a successful reception! (\\"I mean successful in that I achieved my objective, less successful in that I introduced my arch-nemesis to the girl of my dreams...\\")    So, for the sake ofsupporting great art and creativity (and just watching fantastic original content!), please BUY this DVD, and BUY the soundtrack ([[ASIN:B001M5UDH2 CD]] or [[ASIN:B001GUJD2O MP3]])!!  Having circumvented the studios, the money goes directly to the creators... encouraging and enabling them to do more work like this.  If you haven't seen it yet, watch it FREE in its entirety on Hulu. (You will probably love it.)    EDIT: I have since watched \\"Commentary! The Musical\\"... that ALONE is worth the price of the DVD!!
0316776963|5.0|Great, funny & entertaining stories. Laughing out loud like mad. If you get embarrassed easily, definitely do not read in public :)     Can't wait to read the rest of his work!
B001993Y2C|3.0|If you people are all so eager to write reviews, please do so for released products instead of littering this section with your comments.  If you scroll down you can see that there's a forum to discuss price, features and everything else. Writing \\"reviews\\" for a product that hasn't been released yet makes no sense at all.  I hope someone at Amazon takes notice and deletes all these rubbish posts (including this one).
0375842209|3.0|I read this book because it was recommended to me by a close friend.  However even before then, I'd heard of the book from others.<br /><br />The story is told from the point of view of Death.  He goes about recounting the tale of Leisel, a young girl growing up in Germany during World War II, and her love of books.  Yet her love of books is juxtaposed with the trials and tribulations faced by her parents during the war.  And, making things even more complicated, is the fact that her parents end up hiding a Jewish boy in their basement.  The story can be likened to a fictional version of the Diary of Anne Frank.<br /><br />To me, this book was just OK.  I didn't love the characters and I didn't love the story or the plot.  What I did like about the book though is the concept.  I think the idea of telling a story from Death's point of view was fantastic.  And as a novel aimed at youth, I think the book is spot on.
B0002BO05S|5.0|Another great movie to add to your christian movie collection. Was very happy with the speed of delivery and condition was excellent. Thank u
B001KVZ6F2|4.0|This story line has been used many times.  It's basically the good-guy vs. gang-bangers with a kid torn between which path to take.  I like Clint East wood as an actor and as a driector. (Who doesn't?)<br /><br />There's some really humerous dialog when Clint is teaching the boy to \\"Man up\\" and late in the movie.  The interacial interations and slurs left me laughing out loud.<br /><br />The ending was spoiled a little to early in my opinion.<br /><br />Useless fact: My first car was a 1974 Gran Torino.
B00028HBKC|5.0|Another great movie to add to your christian movie collection. Was very happy with the speed of delivery and condition was excellent. Thank u  Great movie...very graphic
B001TODCII|5.0|If you watched the trailer you got the gist of the plot.  Liam's daughter get kidnapped by flesh traders.  Liam is some kind of ex-spook with mad-crazy skills.<br /><br />This movie is a no-holds-barred action ride from start to finish.  Liam's pursuit of the kidnappers is relentless and he doesn't take prisoners.  There were a few scenes where he got a lot of information quickly but I guess that they needed the story to keep moving -- and it does.<br /><br />This is one of the few movies I'll add to my wacth it again list.
B000TGCR38|4.0|This thriller takes place in Holland (the Hague) near the end of the Second World War where Rachel Stein/Ellis deVriess (Carice van Houten), a Jew, loses her hiding place through a freak accident of war. She borrows money from a prominent lawyer who admonishes her to trust no one. Reunited with her father, mother and brother, she manages to barely escape an ambush. She finds her way to the Resistance where she is asked to infiltrate Gestapo headquarters by establishing a liaison with a Nazi Captain M&uuml;ntze (Sebastian Koch) who uncovers her true identity. She also realizes that someone has infiltrated the Resistance who now believe she is a double agent. Confronting one of the traitors, he hands over the black book. From here the plot commands the viewer's attention as you try to figure out hero from villain. What makes this such a thriller is that there are so many twists and turns it might take you most of the picture to separate one from the other.<br /><br />The chemistry between van Houten and Koch sizzles, perhaps because of their real life romantic relationship. She maintains a real life friendship with Halina Reijn, the actress who plays an excellent part of a collaborating tramp. She and van Houten have stunning figures, and they are often on display.<br /><br />This film does have its flaws. I gave a very vocal \\"Pshaw!\\" when a German general and prisoner-of-war demanded that a Canadian army colonel honor a German order of execution for treason. (BITTE)! Resistance workers are taken by surprise by German soldiers on foot and in an armored car. (The Resistance workers didn't post look-outs)? Fortunately, these Germans couldn't shoot an elephant in a telephone booth, and the Dutch reckon that they were Germans acting on their own. Uh-huh! Gut Gott! (Fellas, don't you suppose the German army will notice that one of their armored cars and a squad of soldiers is missing at morning roll call)? And, I can't help but wonder how her friend missed the public humiliation of head shaving for her fraternization, or how Ellis avoided coal soot on her red evening dress.<br /><br />The script is in Dutch and the occasional German with English subtitles. There is a substantial amount of nudity and profanity, but it doesn't take away the awesome drama in this two plus hour-long story inspired by true events.<br /><br />I was transfixed. Very few films kept me on the edge of my seat or even holding my breath. This one did. It was all the more ironical since I had never heard of this film or director before, and just picked it off the shelf, because I thought it might be a good story. It surpassed my expectations.<br /><br />There's nothing vague about this story in The Hague.<br /><br />\\"Dames en heren, ga deze film zien!\\" (Ladies and Gentlemen, see the movie)!<br /><br />Dank je vellng for her fraternization, or how Ellis avoided coal soot on her red evening dress.    The script is in Dutch and the occasional German with English subtitles. There is a substantial amount of nudity and profanity, but it doesn't take away the awesome drama in this two plus hour-long story inspired by true events.    I was transfixed. Very few films kept me on the edge of my seat or even holding my breath. This one did. It was all the more ironical since I had never heard of this film or director before, and just picked it off the shelf, because I thought it might be a good story. It surpassed my expectations.    There's nothing vague about this story in The Hague.     \\"Dames en heren, ga deze film zien!\\" (Ladies and Gentlemen, see the movie)!              Dank je vell
B000OVLBFS|5.0|Enjoyed Tom Selleck in the role of Jesse Stone, the alcoholic Chief of Police in the town of Paradise, trying to beat the habbit while solving mysteries and fighting crime. Great movie and nice quality DVD.
B0016MJ6HY|4.0|I tagged this review - Natalie Portman, because I love her work. I was hoping this film would be another of her film gems but I was frankly disappointed. This is intended as an adult film with a very \\"moody\\" style. Some people seem to think moody films are deep. Well, if you say so. As for Natalie's fans, whom I directed here with my tag, I can tell you that she doesn't appear until an hour into the dreary plot and plays a relatively uninteresting Vegas card-shark. Basically, this is someones attempt at making an art-film. As for me, I'll stick with Garden City.
B0009FU0ZQ|5.0|Enjoyed watching this movie also. Excellent acting by Tom Selleck in his role of Jesse Stone. Would like to recommend the whole series to anyone who likes a good story line and mystery.
B001TW68P4|4.0|We old timers (I'm 55), can't help being a bit nostalgic about the 60's. OK, it was a time of Yummy, Yummy, Yummy, I Got Love In My Tummy (a real song), but it was also a time of unforgettable standards like: House Of The Rising Sun, A Whiter Shade Of Pale, Satisfaction, and For What It's Worth. Don't remember For What It's Worth? Yeah, you do, try playing it.<br /><br />Say what you will, some of these lightweight rock bands from the golden age of rock made some real gems, catchy tunes that have never lost their timeless appeal.<br /><br />The Turtles made some nice little pop hits. I bought this album for the sake of sheer nostalgia. One nice thing is that when you go back and review a greatest hits style album you often find a diamond in the rough you haven't heard before. On this album it's a tune called Me About You. A quirky little tune that I think would make a great commercial jingle for say, Coca-Cola. I'm going to keep adding to my collection of golden oldies, I like them. If you like 60's stuff, you'll probably enjoy this album.
B001U0HBPQ|5.0|The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is one of the BEST movies I've seen in a long time. It's very touching and I recommend it!
B00006CXSS|5.0|My husband asked for this series.  It came  very quickly and he is as happy as a lark with it.  Glad we bought it.  Thank you
0307341569|2.0|I loved [[ASIN:0307341550 Sharp Objects: A Novel]] with its post Southern Gothic lilt and the true horror it inspired, and Flynn became one of my authors to watch.    I reserved Dark Places at my library and plunged into it and kept reading to the end. Flynn is an exceptional storyteller and writer, and she kept me turning the pages--that's what earned the stars.     On the other hand, I could barely stand the characters. None of them seemed to have much to recommend them, and personally, I can't stand the \\"thoroughly unpleasant dysfunctional person as hero/ine\\" trend. I didn't like Libby, didn't respect her, and yes, found her unloveable. While I recognize the importance of loving the unloveable, I just could not work up a lot of sympathy for Libby--and I found that disturbing.    Finally, the resolution just did not work for me--deus ex machina anyone?
B000PFU7OO|5.0|Pop this CD in while doing chores or homework and watch the time just fly by!
B0026NWBY2|3.0|What a disappointment. This should have been a career-encompassing greatest hits. Instead, we get an album of random tracks that are too top heavy on four of George's albums \\"All Things Must Pass\\", \\"Cloud Nine\\" and \\"Brainwashed\\", and \\"Concert for Bangla Desh\\" and virtually ignore everything else. Many have said this should have been a two-disc set. In light of that, here is a more coherent single-disc set that actually does cover George's entire solo career:<br /><br />1. My Sweet Lord<br />2. What is Life?<br />3. Bangla Desh<br />4. Give Me Love<br />5. Dark Horse<br />6. You<br />7. This Song<br />8. Crackerbox Palace<br />9. Blow Away<br />10. All Those Years Ago<br />11. Wake Up My Love<br />12. I Don't Want To Do It<br />13. Got My Mind Set On You<br />14. When We Was Fab<br />15. Handle With Care<br />16. Cheer Down<br />17. My Sweet Lord 2000<br />18. Horse to the Water<br />19. Any Road
B001CZVVXW|4.0|This is a difficult production to criticise as there is a lot of passion and fine acting and singing from Anna Antonacci as Carmen and Jonas Kaufmann as Don Jose BUT the balance between the vocalists and the orchestra is wrong.<br />The audio quality is fine with the orchestral sound excellent but it dominates the vocalists with their sound recessed and distant. Add in that Ildebrando D'Arcangelo is a less than compelling Escamilo making this production a limited success.<br />A pity because the vocal/orchestra unbalance is the fault of the engineers who by this bad audio mixing have depreciated the efforts of some very fine singing. My previous favourite Carmen was also a Covent Garden effort but 15 years earlier and on laserdisc. I put it on just to see if my memory was an illusion but no, Maria Ewing is a sensational Carmen AND the vocal/orchestral mix on this LD production is what it should have been on the latest BluRay. But the video quality on this old laserdisc is pretty ghastly with washed out colours so no real competition to the 2006 effort.<br />Many of the scenes are dark and this has not favoured otherwise clear picture quality. So I have only given this BluRay video 4/5 overall.<br />So there you are, glorious orchestral sound but the overall audio balance not good. That said it is a great, tuneful and dramatic opera. It is not a disaster, but a bit of a disappointment for me.
B000002JPA|5.0|What can I write that hasn't already been written on this album, here on Amazon? This 8-track album is nothing short of excellent that is the complete opposite of sophomore slump. I state somphomore because this album is the follow up to their 1989 debut, [[ASIN:B000002R48 When Dream and Day Unite]].     James Labrie makes his uncanny debut here, since his departure from former Canadian glam band, Winter Rose. His voice is nothing short of great, following in the steps of vocal greats, Geoff Tate, Bruce Dickenson, Ronnie James Dio, and even Rob Halford. Images & Words has much better production than When Dream and Day Unite, and a set direction in which the band was looking to move into. Like with WD&DU, this album has an 80s vibe to it, especially apparant on tracks 2, 4, and 7.     Pull Me Under is their breakthrough track, the only track to this day receiving MTV airplay circa 1992 (when MTV was good) making it their number 1 hit. Unique how this was, since the subject of the song is dying. Excellent song structure, vocals and guitar work.    Another Day was their next single considered to be the ballad of the album. It's a wonder why this got zero radio & MTV airplay back then, but maybe not so much since \\"hair\\" ballads were quickly replaced with the grunge movement during this time. --I'm not insinuating Dream Theater was a hair band. They are not. Anyway, great song, excellent vocals, beautiful solo...one of Petrucci's best, played with such emotion (proving he is more than just a \\"shredder\\")    Take the Time was their third single, cut down (like Pull Me Under) for time purposes...and also never recieved the airplay it deserved. Another staple for the band, with some of Labrie's best vocals again, and killer guitar/keyboard solos from Petrucci and Moore.     Surrounded, I must admit, is the track I occasionally skip when I don't listen the album in it's entirety. It's a good song, it's just if I HAD to rank them in order, this one would have the misfortune ofbeing at the bottom. In my opinion, this has a heavy 80s pop feel very evident especially during the opening keyboard intro. This is another ballad as well, and the combination is probably the reason why I would put this one at the bottom of the barrel. But it's a shallow barrel, because c'mon... it's Dream Theater.    Metropolis Pt. 1 is Dream Theater's signature song according to most DT fans, including myself. Audiences go nuts when the first notes are played in DT's concerts. Absolutely the perfect prog rock song and band could ever put out. The song's beat is one you will not grow weary of. Though the solos and drumming in this song are great, they are not intricate, which definately compliments the song. This song serves as the backbone to a future album they will release.      Under A Glass Moon is another great track, heavy like Pull Me Under. Interestingly, the guitar solo for this song was featured in Guitar Magazine's Top 100 back in 2002. I also have to admit, excellent back to back solos by Petrucci and Moore.    Waiting For Sleep is a soothing track that gives listeners a little breather from the previous track, and acts as the \\"bridge\\" between that track and the following one. A nice little quiet piano piece written by Moore, fronted by the soothing vocals of Labrie.    Learning to Live is the album's closer, which is another staple not only on this album, but for Dream Theater in general. Written by bassist Myung, his lyrics focus on a problem that was high priority at the time of its release, AIDS. As a staple, it is considered an epic track very well written, lyrically and musically. I love this track, especially for the way it concludes...wrapping up the album.    Images & Words is THE album to start with, when getting into Dream Theater. Pretty much all of the 4 and 5 star reviewers here will agree. This is a must buy, so order or go out and buy this album NOW!!!
B001CZVVWI|4.0|This is an impressive Spanish production with a strong singing cast and sumptuous orchestral playing. Although the sets are innovative they are highly lit and very white which makes the subtitles a little harder to read - not impossible, just a little more difficult. Yellow would have been a far better colour choice.<br />This is a fun opera apart from some dead moments in act one. I am unfamiliar with the singers but Maria Bayo is excellent as Rosina, despite being somewhat older than that operatic character (BluRay certainly shows up detail!). Typical Rossini with great choruses, duets etc. Recommended.
0689878451|5.0|I first read about this book in the news as a part of a new curriculum for elementary school children in my area. Even though I teach high schoolers, I bought the book to read to my Social Justice class because of its relevance in society and the new idea that a person can have two parents of the same gender.<br /><br />This title is well-written and well-illustrated for children and I highly recommend it for all ages (even my high-schoolers liked it!). And Tango Makes Three definitely raises questions of what it means to be a parent and who is capable of being one.
B001HBX91S|4.0|Meant to be a showpiece of what is available on operatic and ballet Opus Arte BDs, I find this a mixed success and it did not entice me to buy the originals (although I have bought many, more inspite of, than because of, this disc).<br />However it is inexpensive so is worth the few dollars asked but I doubt if it would persuade anyone who is not interested in the genre to suddenly collect opera and ballet BDs.<br />That said it does illustrate the effectiveness of BD for showing opera and ballet and does include the brilliant (both technically and artistically) \\"Queen of the Night\\" aria from Mozart's \\"magic Flute\\" so the disc is worth the cost for this item alone.
1433502399|3.0|I eagerly opened the box with my new leatherbound ESV Study Bible in it, and quickly found out that the entire contents were bound in the cover upside down! I've read numerous comments regarding poor quality control on Crossway Bibles, among them being that the binding was weak and they tended to fall apart. But since this seemed to be the only manufacturer currently printing the Study Bible version, I opted to take a chance. I must say that the contents look great from a quick scan, but this glaring error does not inspire confidence in the production quality. I have a replacement on the way... hopefully it will be OK.
B000002JSN|5.0|I had Physical Graffiti on cassette tape, but you know how that goes after 33 years. It was great buying one of my all time favorites on CD. I especially like turning up the volume while in my truck to \\"In the Light\\"
B001ILHY1I|3.0|Take \\"Transformers\\" strip it of plot and turn it into a hard R film with a hip hop/rock soundtrack and you have something like \\"Death Race.\\" While not great, and certainly lacking any semblance of brains... this movie is fun and a surefire choice for guys night. I recommend it to the man-movie crowd just for it's sheer macho appeal and some killer wipeouts.
1439157383|5.0|Anna Fitzgerald is an average every day 13 year old girl. She attends school, she plays hockey, and she likes boys. In addition to all of her activities, Anna has sued her parents for rights to her body. She was genetically engineered as a perfectly matched donor for her sister, Kate, 16, who suffers from a rare form of leukemia. Winning her law suit would mean that Anna would not have to donate a kidney to her sister who is experiencing renal failure.    Her parents have very different reactions to the law suit. Her mother, a lawyer, is desperate at all costs to save her eldest daughter, while her father, Brian, a firefighter, understands the inner anguish that Anna has been going through.    In the entire mix of family struggle, you are introduced to Anna's brother, Jesse, who deals with his sister's cancer through rebellions, Campbell, Anna's attorney who has a special needs dog with no outward disability, and Julia, a bleeding heart guardian ad litum.    The story has a provocative and exceptional insight into the struggles and bonds of families and the moral implications of law and medicine.    While a serious topic, Jodi Picoult has written in light hearted humour into the plot which makes the story not only flow from page to page, but which keeps you glued to the book.    [...]
B0018CMJSU|4.0|I've reviewed the three GODFATHER films in depth elsewhere on Amazon.com, so I am going to limit this review to the merely technical aspects of \\"The Coppolla Restoration.\\"<br /><br />First of all, it's important to watch the two \\"Extras\\" discs first, as they provide a lot of information about the restoration process, particularly the short named \\"Emulsional Rescue.\\"<br /><br />THE GODFATHER's original master negative was created on particularly \\"thin\\" photo stock, meaning that fewer top quality prints could be created from it. Ironically, THE GODFATHER ended up having a vast number of prints made from this thin stock. The quality of these prints deteriorated fast---much faster than with an average movie made on standard stock.<br /><br />The master negative was in such poor shape when the restoration team began working that they inadvertently destroyed about thirty feet of it trying to save it. This meant that the restoration team had to find the best quality prints from all around the world and laboriously splice them together, often individual frame by frame, to reconstruct what they called their \\"hero\\" negative from which the restoration was made.<br /><br />As a result, the restoration is not as good as a pristine master negative would be, even a \\"restored\\" one. This is as good as it will ever be, barring some new as-yet unimagined process.<br /><br />Many reviewers have commented on the \\"poor\\" color quality of the restoration. I was fascinated (and a little befuddled) to discover that the \\"tangerine hell\\" one reviewer described in certain color scenes was intentional on the part of the cinematographer, as was the darkness of much of the film---there are scenes in which the blackness is so utterly black that it swallows the set.<br /><br />No, we're not losing our eyesight.<br /><br />I missed the point, too, until I thought it through. It makes a certain \\"artsy-fartsy\\" sense when the viewer recognizes that The Godfather lives in hell. Evil is pure darkness, and joy (such as Connie's wedding) is lit by fiery reds and golds---literally a \\"tangerine hell.\\"<br /><br />For a more intense example, look at the Sollozzo murder scene: Just before the shootings Michael is dark, while the out-of-focus red neon light on the Louis' Family Restaurant sign burns brightly over his right shoulder. That this is not bad filmmaking can be seen in the fact that less crucial scenes (such as the Don's funeral scene) have no such color distortion. It's subtle, and it is artsy, but mute the color extremes and THE GODFATHER would probably lose much of its visual impact.<br /><br />On a more normative note, the restoration brings out a hundred little details: A sign announcing Jake LaMotta's defense of his title pops out of nowhere, presaging [[ASIN:B00062IVKS Raging Bull]]; the appearance of oranges (always a harbinger of death in THE GODFATHER films) is more obvious; the dissolution evident on the face of the Black Hand extortionist Fanucci is highlighted; the sepia-tint quality of the early Twentieth Century DeNiro scenes in GODFATHER PART TWO is emphasized; and the intricacy of the sets is evident everywhere.<br /><br />Fortunately, THE COPPOLLA RESTORATION is just that, a restoration, and Francis Ford Coppolla does not do what he has done before, re-edit, add, subtract, and meld these movies together. This is a purely \\"technical\\" restoration of the films (or at least [[ASIN:B0001NBNB6 The Godfather]] and [[ASIN:B001ISHBRS The Godfather Part II]]; the less-worthy [[ASIN:B000USU98K Godfather Part III]] gets no such treatment).<br /><br />THE GODFATHER becomes more enjoyable as a result of the restoration, though you may not be consciously aware of the changes at first.and golds---literally a \\"tangerine hell.\\"     For a more intense example, look at the Sollozzo murder scene: Just before the shootings Michael is dark, while the out-of-focus red neon light on the Louis' Family Restaurant sign burns brightly over his right shoulder. That this is not bad filmmaking can be seen in the fact that less crucial scenes (such as the Don's funeral scene) have no such color distortion. It's subtle, and it is artsy, but mute the color extremes and THE GODFATHER would probably lose much of its visual impact.    On a more normative note, the restoration brings out a hundred little details: A sign announcing Jake LaMotta's defense of his title pops out of nowhere, presaging [[ASIN:B00062IVKS Raging Bull]]; the appearance of oranges (always a harbinger of death in THE GODFATHER films) is more obvious; the dissolution evident on the face of the Black Hand extortionist Fanucci is highlighted; the sepia-tint quality of the early Twentieth Century DeNiro scenes in GODFATHER PART TWO is emphasized; and the intricacy of the sets is evident everywhere.     Fortunately, THE COPPOLLA RESTORATION is just that, a restoration, and Francis Ford Coppolla does not do what he has done before, re-edit, add, subtract, and meld these movies together. This is a purely \\"technical\\" restoration of the films (or at least [[ASIN:B0001NBNB6 The Godfather]] and [[ASIN:B001ISHBRS The Godfather Part II]]; the less-worthy [[ASIN:B000USU98K Godfather Part III]] gets no such treatment).     THE GODFATHER becomes more enjoyable as a result of the restoration, though you may not be consciously aware of the changes at first.
B001PR0Y5S|3.0|The ball and chain wanted to see this movie so I broke down this morning and we went to the matinee.  I expected to hate this romantic comedy as much as the critics.  It is definately a formula flick but I didn't hate it.  Nothing in the screen play makes much sense, the time line for all of the events to take place is absurd, and the chemistry between Reynolds and Bullock isn't there.  When the ex-girlfriend entered the story I was hoping for more tension and maybe even a bit of character development.  No such luck, the ex-girlfrind is a pointless character.  The producers chose instead to fill the time with a rediculous discount male stripper scene. The movie is too long (are there any editors in Hollywood anymore?)  There are many more problems but I don't feel like wasting anymore words.  Strange as it may seem, I did feel entertained in the end.  I laughed a few times along with my lady and we did have a good time.  It is a very lightweight, farcical chick-flick that I felt was worth the $10 I paid for the two of us...but not much more.
1439102813|5.0|This is an amazing, beautiful and strong story.  I could not put this book down!  Emotional and heart wrenching without going for the 'easy cry' it was intellectually crisp while still emotionally real!     Probably the best passage of the book comes from the Butterfly file... \\"you have Alzheimer's disease.  You have lost too much of yourself, too much of what you love, and you are not living the life you want to live.....  This last part of your life, the part with Alzheimer's.....is tragic, but you did not live a tragic life\\"
B001FB4W0W|5.0|As a home grown Louisiana boy who truly lives among swamps and gators, I love the way the series potrays Louisiana. I began watching season 1 shortly before season 2 aired again on HBO and I can't get enough. One of my favorite things about Louisiana are hot Louisiana nighs and since most of the action takes place at night, I get thrilled every time! Louisiana has a mystery about itself and True Blood does an awesome job with it. I was a big fan of Sex and the City because the 5th character of the series was New York, which I love just as much as Louisiana. True Blood does the same thing with Louisiana. Our beloved state and its culture shines through as the silent character.    The actors are great and aside from the paranormal and vampires, Louisiana is a unique place still batteling with various social issues such as racism, conservatism, liberalism, and homosexuality. The overall plot and story line depicts the struggles faced not only in Louisiana but in Americia. It's true allegory and pure geneious!    Give it a try...I'm sure you'll love it!
0307341569|4.0|Murders, a mystery, and flashbacks to a family that might have been unraveling had it ever been close to a close or cohesive unit at all. These are not likeable people, yet they are engaging nonetheless. As in her first novel, Sharp Objects, Flynn's darkness and unique dysfunction and despair suck you in from the first page. She is a terrific new literary voice.
B000FA57US|5.0|I like this movie as well and it has a really good storyline too. I like the death scenes in the movie also. I would recommend this movie.
0316154687|4.0|Sedaris could describe rice and make me laugh. Seriously, I don't think there's any other writer who makes me laugh out loud so often. Here, he gives more of the same, which, in my opinion, is just what I want him to do. Quirky memoirs, mostly about his family, oftentimes lewd, but always hilarious. He describes his neighbors, people in the seats around him on public transportation, and his attempts to learn Japanese and quit smoking, among other things. And there's nobody more suited to read a Sedaris book than the author himself. Yes, his nasal, someone snooty voice can take a moment to get used to, but it brings his sarcasm to life perfectly. If you're not a Sedaris fan, this book certainly won't make you one. But if, like me, the guy cracks you up, then this book will do the same.
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|As a long Eric Clapton fan, this performance is in keeping with his best work.  Steve Winwood equals EC in his classic form and excellence.  They have both matured musically and expand the classic Blind Faith era more than could ever be imagined.  This is an outstanding performance by both.  Highly recommended.
0385340575|5.0|I LOVE Jack Reacher, and this book is a good one!  It is 13 in the series.  In this book, we find Reacher in New York City.  What a great city for a setting for a thriller!  Jack knows New York City, and he knows the underground subway and the book is set around the subway a lot.  It is set right in the streets of New York.  This is a gritty, realistic thriller that has more twists and turns than a knotted string.  Reacher finds himself up against some real terrorists who do not value human life at all.  He also is at odds with the New York cops and the feds.  (So it's just another week for Reacher!)  This book grabbed my attention from the beginning, and I didn't want to put it down.  Reacher is at the top of his game here, and we see his lightning fast reflexes, and his intuitiveness when he keeps outthinking his enemies.  I can't stress enough how much I look forward to a new book in this series every year, and am anxiously awaiting number 14
B001U0HBPG|2.0|This is an overlong, overly dull and a bit too full of itself for it's own good. The story is not interesting, the characters are boring and the plot just never really amounts to much.<br />I love a great Drama but this is just melodramatic nonsense.
B00192IV0O|1.0|A solid BEP fan, I didn't hesitate for one second to plunk down the cost of this CD.  Would have thoroughly enjoyed it...in 1988!  Seriously, after struggling through the first of 2, I thought maybe I had misunderstood...giving them the benefit of the doubt, I thought maybe they had packaged a compilation of their earliest stuff, and that they had reserved the \\"hot, new mixes\\" for the 2nd CD.  OMG...couldn't believe that they'd actually ruin \\"Pump It\\", but they did.  In this one person's opinion, this endeavor sounded like they had lost their producer, sat down in somebody's home studio with their new synthesizer, had a few cocktails, and then recorded anything that came to mind.  One song was the same line repeated OVER AND OVER ad nauseum.  No sustained funky beats (although they dropped one every once in a while; however, the minute you got used to it, they changed up - either with incredibly stupid lyrics, a completely different tempo, or the bottom dropped out altogether and you heard nothing but that single synth.)  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.  I love you, BEPs, but this was a joke played on us.
1591396190|3.0|Blue Ocean Strategy by W. Chan Kim and Renee Mauborgne is not the breeziest read but it has some very interesting points for business owners.  Even if you don't have your own business, Blue Ocean Strategy's creative recommendations are useful to stretch and challenge your current thinking.    Rather than fighting your competitors (i.e., the red ocean strategy because it's a bloody battle) can you make your competition irrelevant (i.e., the blue ocean strategy where you swim alone)?    What parts of the business can you reduce or eliminate?  Can you sell to different customers? What can you create that is new?    These are just some of the many challenging questions that Kim and Mauborgne raise.  They also provide many interesting examples from Cirque du Soleil to [yellow tail] wines to the NYPD turnaround under Bill Bratton's leadership.    There is a lot of juicy material in this book.  My one quibble is that it's not the most accessible read.  There is a lot of information, lots of theory, lots of graphs.  I read a lot of business books, and I had a hard time keeping track of everything -- sometimes I felt there was too much and I would have liked to cover few topics but more in-depth.  Still, if Blue Ocean Strategy can cause you to question just one part of your business (or your life) then it is a worthwhile read.
B001SGEUNI|5.0|Did you even listen to the cd. Anyone who considers themselves a fan of rock music should own this cd and this band will drop your jaw live.  Come back to New York soon you guys.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I can't beileve it's been ten years since this movie came out, I had to watch this for film history class a few years ago and have been hooked ever since. Every character with the exception of the two gay men is flawed deeply on some level : Lester (Kevin Spacey)is so bored and lifeless in his marriage with the overcompetitive, driven real estate agent wife that he actively seeks out an affair with his daughter's teenage friend Angela. Angela for her part is attention starved and seeks to realize her needs through sexual actions. His daughter strikes up a relationship with a voyeristic cameraman who is selling drugs behind the back of his Marine father, who disdains gay people, but reveals towards the end of the movie that he himself is gay. The end is perplexing at first because there are several people who may want Lester dead from a sullen wife who is \\"refusing to be a victim,\\" the gay marine, his daughter's voyaristic boyfriend acting on the wishes of his girlfriend (Lester's daughter.) Good movie, but not for those who are faint of heart.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|Beautiful! Listening/watching touches heart, mind and soul...brings home the feeling, the knowing, that peoplekind, wherever/whoever, at root share one great yearning for love and understanding.
B001PPLJIQ|4.0|When people talk favorably about Dramas like Benjamin Button, I shake my head because although that movie is on a Grand scale the characters do almost nothing for me. The Reader is exactly the opposite. Wonderful story with complex characters. This is what should have been nominated for a record number of awards not fluff like Benjamin Button.
1932100660|5.0|Very well written. Makes you think twice about many things. I highly recommend reading this book.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I truly enjoyed reading Charlaine Harris' books and was looking forward to watching this series.  Though it doesn't follow the books exactly, the show is unique, entertaining and alot of fun!  I am currently on my second viewing of the series and can't wait for Season 2 to come out on DVD
1439157383|1.0|This book was a huge let down. As a mother of a special needs child with a rare disorder and a multitude of hospital procedures...I expected it to have a little more depth of emotion. I had plenty of woulda, coulda, shouldas...but what parent hasn't struggled? It felt inauthentic and flat for me, but perhaps a lay-parent would find it emotional, never reached for the tissue like most reviewers said I would do.The ending was lame...that is all I can say. I would never ever describe it as a \\"twist\\" by any stretch of the imagination.Although the charaters were endearing at thier basic level,the book didn't deliver in the end.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|The energy I get from both the CD & DVD is fantastic. I have purchased several as gifts for friends and family.
B001TODCII|5.0|Outstanding film, I would recommend this film, from start to finish it moves right along, it's a great movie.
B001V9LRV0|5.0|Is it just me or didn't this just come out on June 9, 2009.  How can there be so many reviews dating back almost 5 to 10 years ago?  Amazon should purge those reviews from here to give the true picture.
0312360266|4.0|Took a minute to get into because of the way the author makes the characters talk, and also the repetitive recaps, but I did enjoy the series and can't wait for the 6th book!
B000BW7QWW|4.0|This feature-length production puts a final, graceful exclamation mark at the end of the Firefly series. Many of your favorite characters from the TV show are here, and lots of questions answered  and loose ends tied up.
1400049628|5.0|Amzing.  THE ZOMBIE SURVIVAL GUIDE is a masterfully written book combining humanity's worst fears with some great humor.  At the end of the guide, you will believe in Zombies.  Max Brooks is very thorough and covers every spot in the event of a zombie attack, even ranking attacks by size of outbreak (very helpful).  Highly recommended.
B001HN697M|4.0|I still can't believe it, the main wolf chappie is bloody Tony Blair (The Queen). And David Frost (Frost Nixon). And indeed Brian Clough. Making the transition from \\"The Damned United\\" to the damned in general, Sheen really is quite good in this movie. Perhaps as Brian Clough, instead of moving from Leeds to Nottingham Forest, someone suggested that he might like a spell in charge of Wolves. (English football pun, don't say anything).     Anyway, penology apart, this film really is quite a good prequel. Kate Beckinsales bum was Oscar nominated in Underworld, and possibly only Carry-Anne Moss's bum in The Matrix could match it, bums aside.. Rhona Mitre was excellent casting in the film, as she indeed looks like Ms Beckinsale and has the all action pedigree to bring something to the role, Bill Nighy is of course, all nasty as Viktor, and the whole thing comes together nicely through a series of set pieces to end rather wonderfully at the start of the first Underworld, which is exactly what I want of a prequel. In fact as prequels go, it is one of the best I have seen with regard to building in the existing elements into the story.     You can compare and contrast with the Terminator series where the story and continuity has been managed so completely, it makes the Star Wars septulogy (Is that a word?) look like historical documents in comparison.     So, in summary, Rise of the Lycans is well cast, well realised, pretty well acted and like the best Ikea furniture, all the bits are stuck in the right places, the right way and with no box of screw left over at the end.     Good show.
B000002KIT|3.0|The CD has some quality issues due to the original recording I am sure. Still, I enjoy listening to the live version of Cowboy Song. The performances were great, but I only wish the quality was better!
B00079FUI6|5.0|This show is hysterically funny and genius. The plot is methodical and always twisting into new, shocking scenarios. It is absolutely addicting!
B0012QE4Q2|3.0|This movie was a feast for the eyes: great costumes, sets and so on.  But the dangerous thing about historical fiction is that, unless one has studied history and has a thorough knowledge of the subject being written about, one can't know where the truth ends and the fiction begins.  This isn't the doing of the filmmakers, but of the author.  And it IS publicized as historical FICTION and not misrepresented as complete fact, so it's not like the author meant for it to be a reference work.<br /><br />Having studied Tudor history, I won't bore you with the discrepancies, but if you want a film that is full of historical color and not a history lesson, go for it.  All of the actors turned in sublime performances; I saw it twice and really enjoyed it. Just don't believe everything you see!
B00005JN8Z|4.0|I gave it 4 stars because of historical inaccuracy and sometimes cheesy acting. That said, the costumes and set (actually filmed in Rome) was superb. The Roman triumph and music also superb. Although a Catholic film, for all intents and purposes based upon the novel from a Nobel winning Catholic (surprise), it was a good story about good, evil, redemption and sacrifice. Meaning, all ages can learn from it and come away with possibly some personal growth.<br /><br />BTW, Peter Ustinov played a perfect psychopathic coward.<br /><br />I just wish more epics on this scale could be made again.
B00003XAVA|5.0|Critical Mass/Wind On the Water the highlight but do not neglect other soulful, rocking compositions ...very good Nash and Crosby effort from 1975
B00005V0X5|1.0|I ordered this from Amazon since the original copy I had did not have the bonus tracks. The song \\"These Boots\\" is filled with that goddamned bleep every other line. When I buy music, I do not want anyone to tell me I have to listen to it in a way that was different from the musician's original music. If you want censored, get this, If not, spend the few extra dollars at BestBuy.
B0024F08RO|5.0|I liked 24 very much but after seeing all 4 series of prison break I think this is the best series I have seen so far.  Thrilling, a lot of unexpecting moves and a great final.  I will miss the team...
B001PPLIEQ|2.0|I have to declare that for me, James Bond has always begun and ended with `Dr.No', `From Russia With Love' and `Goldfinger'. As such, I've never been much of a Bond fan, even though I've seen the vast majority of them at least once. I find the franchise childish and at times rather stupid and never terribly entertaining.    However, with the EON re-boot of Bond in `Casino Royale' in 2006, I decided I'd have a go with Bond once more and see where it was going this time and I have to say, I was quite surprised by many of EON's decisions in that film.     Frankly, none of the post Connery Bond movies have ever done anything for me and each of the 70's, 80's and 90's Bonds have been extremely forgettable, so it was refreshing to see Daniel Craig's gritty take on the character. Craig, for me, has taken the mantle of \\"Best Bond Ever\\"...not that anyone really held that crown before. Craig's Bond is an altogether more grown up character. Extremely brutal and cold and who in many ways believably acts like the spy/assassin he's supposed to be, albeit in an unrealistic \\"spy\\" premise anyway.    And it's Craig's turn as Bond that saves the ridiculously named `Quantum of Solace' from being a complete failure too, but only just to be honest.    The main fault of `Quantum of Solace' is its lack of direction. It doesn't seem to know where it wants to go. It suffers very much from the \\"difficult second album\\" syndrome. Something, that's destined to be an inferior to its immediate predecessor. Where `Casino Royale' was an effective, refreshing and even absorbing drama, it's sequel is a muddled and unclear affair, that seems more like an epilogue to `Casino Royale' than a proper sequel in it's own right. There are 100's of reviews here already outlining the basic plot (what little there is), so I'll not rehash that here. But needless to say the move starts directly after the events of `Casino Royale' and continues on following Bond's attempt to uncover the people behind the murder of Vesper Lynd, his squeeze from the first outing. Along the way he helps Camille Montes (Olga Kurylenko), a Russian-Bolivian agent in her character's sub-plot and uncovers her former lover, Dominic Greene's real motives behind securing a deal with the Bolivian government for a useless piece of desert real-estate.    With such a paltry skeleton of plot, it's not surprising that the film clocks in at 1hr 40min. But the problem with such a short running time is that the plot points are never fleshed out to any satisfying degree and the film seems to end very abruptly too, with a real sense of \\"Oh...is that it?\\" `Quantum of Solace' really did need to be about 10 or 15 minutes longer, with a bit more expansion on plot.    The plus points though are pretty much the same as `Casino Royale'. The aforementioned Daniel Craig's great Bond character is repeated, the movie largely does away with silly and redundant gadgets (which the world is full of these days anyway) and Bond doesn't bed everything in sight with tiresome distraction (although, it's not done away with entirely unfortunately). Also, Judy Dench reprises her role as \\"M\\" and that's bound to be a good thing.     All in all though, `Quantum of Solace' ends up being just ok. But it's a very quick \\"ok\\".     Empire magazine's Kim Newman felt that \\"...at the finish...Bond's mission has barely begun.\\" I have to say I agree with that sentiment, which gives me hope for the next instalment.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Already being a huge fan of the show, my review is very biased. Well-done HBO...looking forward to Season 2 on DVD as well.
0446402397|1.0|The book is a median detective story as such, but fails in its take on Russian history or life during the Soviet era. Clearly the author has limited or no experience visiting or living in Russia in those days.    As the old Russian saw, \\"if you visit Russia for one week you can write a book about it, if you stay for a month you are able to write an article and if you live there for one year you are qualified to say maybe a paragraph or two about it.\\".    This book confirms that folk wisdom.
B0007PAMR4|1.0|The original Dune trilogy is a fantastic story. It's still hard to believe the first book was written in 1965 when horn-rimmed glasses were still in style. The 1984 movie version is, unfortunately, truly awful. Truly awful. There are some great actors in the movie who perform embarrassingly bad. The movie comes across as an odd blend of \\"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory\\" and science fiction movie special effects made about 20 years before the original 1976 Star Wars. Really, just read the books.
1407109421|3.0|When I was a child (and even now) I was always a great fan of C.S. Lewis's Narnia books. So, the thought of reading a vigorous response to those classics struck me as a brilliant idea. Like many others, I was more than impressed with the first book of this trilogy. \\"The Golden Compass\\" struck me as an instant classic when I first read it back in high school. Alas, I didn't follow the books after the first one and, truth be told, I sort of forgot them.    Now, ten years later, I have recently finished the whole trilogy and, much like in high school, I felt the first book was superb. What's more, being a little older and better read, I understand the allusions to Kaballah, Gnosticism, neo-platonism, and Milton far better than I did when I was a teenager which makes it all the more enjoyable.    However, after the first book things begin to deteriorate (if not rapidly, then certainly noticeably). The story begins to fracture and meander, the characters become more and more like plot points rather than actors who make their mark on things. The most glaring example of this is Dr. Mary Malone who at one point, just because she is tired, begins to expound upon her team's discovery of \\"shadow particles\\" to a perfect stranger just because one of the book's maguffins told her she would. This is a general problem with fantasies that deal in prophecies and the like: nobody in the end except for the vast machines of fate seem to choose anything. Thus, the outcome is never in doubt.    In its mythological structure, the books enact a rather literal version of the gnostic revolt against the tyrannical demiurge. This literalism kind of drags (the original gnostic visions were often far more complex)and forces Pullman to make some (to my mind) untenable metaphysical and psychological conclusions.    The most disagreeable thing about the last two books, especially the \\"Amber Spyglass\\" is the moral pass Lord Asriel and Mrs. Coulter are given for being on the \\"right\\" side, despite thecrimes that both callously committed. I won't spoil things but the complex sense of admiration and distaste we have for Lord Asriel is completely spoiled by the end, not to mention the real and palpable disgust for the venomous Mrs. Coulter (who in the beginning is probably the darkest character ever found in Young Adult fantasy).    Still, I do recommend reading all three because of the surplus of great ideas, the occasionally fine prose, and their serious moral purpose. It's a shame that, in the end, a series of books that seek to be an answer to the incipient racism, christian propagandizing, and Eurocentric vision of C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien must stand below them in terms of aesthetic achievement.
0780021150|5.0|The product was exactly what I wanted and I received it in a timely manner. I was very satisfied with the service received from this company and would order from them again as well as recommend it to my friends and business associates.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|well worth supporting this wonderful effort bringing world music elements together...good sound and video; even moving
B000W91RUG|5.0|This show gets better everytime I watch it, one of the funniest TV shows ever. Completely worthy having it!
0071410945|5.0|A Technique for Producing Ideas should be required reading in schools because it teaches a process for thinking.  Anyone could benefit from knowing how to organize what they see, read and experience through this process to develop ideas they can use in life and business.
0061767581|5.0|Obvious excerpts of her life and deliciously entertaining. I read through this book within 24 hrs, true Hills fans will adore it. The ending...leaves possiblities for a continuance just like the shows. LC great job for your first book, i loved it and hope to read more of such lives of your characters. Great and entertaining book.
B000KZBRG6|5.0|Light weight Light Meter compact, and very useful for beginner.. maybe professional photographers.  As a Photographer Student I have acquired satisfied exposure results from this product.  I am pleased, and would recommend it to anyone.
006054094X|5.0|Gavin Menzies, 1421 is a compelling, thought provoking book that has both its detractors and supporters claiming it to be either fiction or history.<br />In either catagory I rate this book five stars and prefer to see it as a historical record of the Ambassadors of the Ming Dynansty reaching out to the rest of the world to share knowledge in peace.<br /><br />Pre-Columbian History is to be expected and time will tell as future discoveries of hard evidence are made to support Menzies book.  L'Anse aux Meadows, near St. Vincent in Newfoundland contains hard evidence that you can see and touch of Norsemen in America as early as 999.  St. Brendan's, \\"Navigato,\\" records his voyage to Newfoundland as early as 530. Tim Severin retraced the adventures of St. Brendan in a simular craft to determine the feasabliity of St, Brendan's historic event.<br /><br />Certainly 1421 deserves its place among the Pre-Columbian events.
B000001F9E|5.0|most people know THE BOYS ARE BACK IN TOWN, but if you only know that song you need to check out the whole cd. LIZZY are an often overlooked band that every rock fan should check out
B000002L9M|5.0|After hearing this again some 20 yrs later I remember how fantastic Depeche Mode really was at capturing the mood of the times. Highly recommended for extracurricular activities (I can't put it more delicately than that)! Have fun!
B000024O2Q|4.0|it was ok for the price , just some thing to listen on my i-pod  when i workout .
B001PPLJJ0|5.0|In \\"The Reader\\" Kate Winslet is fantastic, David Kross as young Michael gives a break-out performance, and Ralph Fiennes as the old Michael is fine, but he seems to take depression and melancholy to a new depth. As an older man he tells his grown daughter, \\"I'm not open with anyone.\\"<br /> Michael, a fifteen-year-old boy has an affair with Hanna, a thirty-six year old streetcar conductor. Michael disavows Hanna almost from the very beginning. Hanna is often rude and domineering. Once she says, \\"You don't matter enough to me, to upset me.\\" One time he says, \\"Everything is always on your terms.\\"<br />She has a secret that only Michael eventually learns about. A teacher says \\"The Odyssey\\" is about holding secrets that characters are determined not to disclose. The movie is erotic with some steamy lovemaking.<br />After seeing the movie and reading the book I am of two minds: I don't fully understand Michael's motivation for doing certain things, and I don't agree with what he does. Why doesn't he give a key piece of exculpatory evidence to the judge? Only because Hanna wouldn't want him to? And when he finally meets her after all those years, why doesn't he hug, embrace her? Why is he so cold and accusatory? And why does he say he'll no longer read to her? Why didn't he answer her letters? Is he acting as judge and jury after she has served her time?<br />When he was a teenage boy, she made him happy. When he was a grown man, he made her miserable by not answering her letters, acting so coldly. Was he paying her back? For what?<br />Like the book, the movie is sad, a downer, and really a tragedy for both lovers. The movie makes few changes from the book, and it is a more moving and powerful statement than the book particularly in the section in which Fiennes makes tapes for Hanna. The movie has subtleties that the book couldn't convey such as Anna's feelings in visiting the church on their bike trip. The courtroom scene recalling the forced march and the church crematorium is riveting. In the courtroom Hanna asks the judge, \\"What would you have done?\\"<br />A very powerful motion picture with a screenplay by dramatist David Hare and directed by Stephen Daldry.In the courtroom Hanna asks the judge, \\"What would you have done?\\"  A very powerful motion picture with a screenplay by dramatist David Hare and directed by Stephen Daldry.
B000001FTA|5.0|not JAILBREAK but one of LIZZY'S best. every song on this cd is good, no filler.DANCING IN THE MOONLIGHT has always been my favorite LIZZY  song
1881273156|5.0|This is a wonderful book that every couple should read together. Communication is the key to every relationship and this book explains how love works and how to feel loved with each other.
0380820846|2.0|This is my first experience reading Julia Quinn's novels.  I started with the first book in the Bridgerton series, The Duke and I, and I was hooked.  I truly enjoyed the first three in this series and couldn't wait to read Colin's story.  I loved Colin's character in the first three books.  I was so looking forward to reading a novel that included Colin's happy-go-lucky & charming disposition, but instead we got someone completely different?  His character was nothing like the first three books.  He was bitter, jealous and angry?  I was so disappointed.  I thought it would be refreshing to have a hero that is charming and not so brooding.  Penelope was weak and I really could care less about her character.  The romance was not believable between these two characters.      Since I enjoyed the first 3 books, I will continue the series only b/c I don't think it could get any worse than Romancing Mister Bridgerton.
0753801728|5.0|\\"The Reader\\" is an intensely moving novella in which Michael, a fifteen-year old German boy, falls in love with a thirty-six-year old woman, Hanna, a streetcar conductor. A story as old as the hills, yet their affair became a life-altering event for both of them. The narrative is divided into three sections: one, the affair, two, Hanna's trial as the perpetrator of war crimes atrocities while she was serving as an SS guard in concentration camps, and three, Hanna's years of imprisonment following the trial and Michael's half-life seeking answers and salvation.<br /> In Part One Michael thinks he has betrayed Hanna by disavowal, by not admitting her existence to his friends. That is nothing compared to his betrayals of her during the trial and in her prison years. In the sections of the book in which Michael is trying to probe his own moral predicaments and dilemmas, his philosophical positions, his reasoning is complicated and convoluted.<br />He goes to the judge to give him information, and he chickens out. He goes to his father and is satisfied with non-answers to his problems. He lacks moral courage and conviction and is willing to let events take their course. It is not a story of redemption, and no one gets off easy in this sad story.<br /> Michael attended all of Hanna's long trial and watched her tortured and damaging testimony. She realized he was in the courtroom but didn't acknowledge him. Hanna had a cold-blooded streak, and Michael had a selfish, cowardly stripe.<br />When they first met he could see her tough side, her coldness at times. She called him, at first sarcastically \\"kid,\\" but it becomes obvious that she loved him. She loved to be read to, and he read serious stuff to her. When she left him, he vowed \\"never again to love anyone whom it would hurt to lose.\\" In later life he can't get over two parts of his life: Hanna and the trial.<br /> The book gives no easy answers. We cannot forgive Hanna for what she did. She had a secret that she tried desperately to keep.<br /> I think each reader will come away from this book with a different outlook, different opinions, different conclusions, but with a recognition of how real the two people have become and how they continue to inhabit and haunt our minds..    I think each reader will come away from this book with a different outlook, different opinions, different conclusions, but with a recognition of how real the two people have become and how they continue to inhabit and haunt our minds.
6305511055|5.0|watch this film over and over again although getting slightly dated...just around the edges mind.   Cannot obtain a DVD of it in Europe yet for some unknown and bizarre reason, wish someone would explain this to me !.   The plot unfortunately is totally believable from my non-American perspective and the prophecy at the end will turn out to be very prescient in the not too distant future (hope I am not around for that!).  One of the best opening ten minutes or so in any film I can remember.  Totally recommended.
B0027IQBF6|4.0|I agree with another reviewer who enjoyed plunging into this novel ignorant of plot details or twists.  Know this: it's worth the effort to turn each page, and you'll be turning them quickly.  The narrative vehicle McEwan uses is pure genius. Unreliable narrators (children, for example) are my weakness and I love falling for it, or at least wondering what truly might be happening.  A wonderful treat, and weighty as it is enjoyable.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I am so amazed by the picture quality of Planet Earth. This has to be the most interesting movie Ive ever watch. I wish they showed documentaries like this when i was in School.  Amazon have the best price and shipping was SUPER fast. It was at my door step in two days...Don't wait, add this to your collection ASAP.
1435248244|5.0|I'm a big fan of books in a series, like Harry Potter and Twilight, when I was informed of Westerfeld's saga I jumped right to it; for his first New York Times best seller, I would say a superb job. Books about an alternative reality are always intriguing, especially when they confront everyday questions. For instance, have you ever thought you were ugly and that the world would be better if you were as pretty as your favorite celebrity? What if I told you in the secluded city that Westerfeld created you could get just that? Unless, however, you are Tally and your new best friend Shay decides she doesn't want this and will run away. Then what?<br /><br />The novel is almost like a slap in the face to our modern world. At sixteen, ever citizen is given an operation to be pretty; their only responsibility is to have a good time. The concept? To rid everyone of jealously, war, hatred, and all the &quot;negative&quot; qualities that makes us human.<br />Similar to our government, Tally and the citizens of Ugly and New Pretty Town have no idea what is going on and it takes running away to understand. You see, once Shay runs away the FBI of Tally's town, called Special Circumstances, and their agents of supernatural individuals, Specials, blackmail Tally to get her friend back or she can't change into a pretty. Imagine your dreams being crushed and of course you would do everything to get what you want, to life a life of fun. Tally risks her life on a journey to The Smokes, a city for runaways, Uglies; and she is opened up to a world of history, one her school never told her about.<br /><br />It's good to be not only educated about your history but everyone's history. What you want might not entirely be the right thing for you, how can you decide until you know all of the details? Feelings of being trapped, complications of love, betrayal, risk, and sacrifices are just some of the occurrences Tally encounters.<br /><br />A couple things did bother me though. The novel didn't suck me in until about one hundred fifty pages in, the beginning of the story is the building friendship between two Uglies, Shay and Tally, but that gets thrown out of the window once they reunite - why have them work so hard at this friendship for it to end. Especially...the downfall of our society...to Love, Shay's love interest, David, whose parents were runaways, begins to lose interest in her and falls for Tally.<br />Also, seeing as we are forced to like the protagonist, when she arrives at this new city of Uglies, we expect her to call the Specials to come get her out of there, get the job done, but no...it's not that easy of course. The antagonist, Dr. Cable, who is pretty much in charge of the operations, is obviously crazy for trying to hold all the power and maintain balance in the world.<br /><br />This page-turner will not do you wrong and keep you intrigued, it is one of the books that you tell yourself, &quot;Just one more chapter,&quot; as your fighting yourself out of sleep - well for me anyway. Oh, did I mention that of course there is controversy and of course everything is not perfect as the Specials want the Pretties to seem?n't suck me in until about one hundred fifty pages in, the beginning of the story is the building friendship between two Uglies, Shay and Tally, but that gets thrown out of the window once they reunite - why have them work so hard at this friendship for it to end. Especially...the downfall of our society...to Love, Shay's love interest, David, whose parents were runaways, begins to lose interest in her and falls for Tally.<br />Also, seeing as we are forced to like the protagonist, when she arrives at this new city of Uglies, we expect her to call the Specials to come get her out of there, get the job done, but no...it's not that easy of course. The antagonist, Dr. Cable, who is pretty much in charge of the operations, is obviously crazy for trying to hold all the power and maintain balance in the world.<br /><br />This page-turner will not do you wrong and keep you intrigued, it is one of the books that you tell yourself, &quot;Just one more chapter,&quot; as your fighting yourself out of sleep - well for me anyway. Oh, did I mention that of course there is controversy and of course everything is not perfect as the Specials want the Pretties to seem?
0385341008|5.0|It only took 3 or 4 letters for me to fall in love with Juliet, and it wasn't much longer until I fell in love with Guernsey.  In a book like this I don't mind connections and discoveries that aren't \\"realistic;\\" after the first few pages I was transferred to a quaint, pastoral world (exactly what happened when I read Anne of Green Gables).  After finishing I thought two things: \\"I want to turn back to the beginning and read it over again without putting it down,\\" and \\"I want to move to Guernsey!\\"
0321525655|4.0|This book is a quick read that is easily consumed and provides a valuable alternative perspective on incorporating visuals in presentations.  The language is clear, the insights are thoughtful, and the visuals are illuminating.    In addition to addressing the final product, the book offers valuable suggestions for the entire process of crafting a presentation (beginning with conceptualization).    One of the things I found particularly valuable was the space devoted to analyzing presentation styles in the context of culture.  Reynolds doesn't presume that his style is for everyone, however he provides guidance for adhering to the constraints demanded by certain cultures (whether they be ethnic or more tied to work type) and still infusing them with a clean and attractive aesthetic.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|Been a Trek fan my whole life.  Don't even mind being called a TREKKIE because I LOVE STAR TREK!  Always have.  New Trek?  FANTASTIC FILM!  I've read a few of the \\"This movie stinks\\" reviews and honestly can't agree in anyway.    \\"The Enterprise looks to high tech\\"  Really?  Would have been better with dials and switches?  Come on people!    To me the BEST THING about \\"New Trek\\" is the fact that the back ground characters who always were kept in the background are each given more than a few chances to shine.      Chekov TWICE saves the day.  Sulu saves Kirk's butt on the plateform and cracked me up when he first toook over flying the Enterprise.  Uhuua is smart, strong (*OK, and beautiful!).  And Scotty was great!    OBVIOUSLY this is a new Trek, the time line changed thus so did a lot.    Urban's McCoy was DEAD ON!  Spock was GREAT!  Kirk was GREAT!    Again, yes being a new timeline things are goin to be different but obviously they have to be.  (*Again do I have to say \\"switches and dials\\"?)    New Trek brings new life to the best sci-fi ever!
1603420398|5.0|This book is Excelent! it has color, diagrams and perfect writing to make crochet understandable by anyone. I have disxlexia and color and diagrams for me are basic. This book has this and more. I loved the creations with color. You can get inspired just by flipping the first pages. I also recommend : \\"200 Crochet Blocks for Blankets, Throws, and Afghans: Crochet Squares to Mix and Match by Jan Eaton\\" Both are very different. I would buy this one after have seen and done first, most of the \\"Beyond-the-square crochet...\\" Enjoy!
1423101472|5.0|great series, my daughter loves these books.  It deliveried quickly and in excellent condition.
6305428522|5.0|Over the years director Robert Redford has made a number of splendid motion pictures. Redford won an Academy Award in his very first stab at directing with 1980's \\"Ordinary People\\".  Likewise, he was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Director for 1992's magnificent \\"A River Runs Through It\\" and the 1998 film \\"The Horse Whisperer\\". While these were all terrific flicks my favorite Robert Redford-directed film always has been 1994's \\"Quiz Show\\".<br /><br />Now in the 1950's quiz shows were all the rage on network television.  Shows like \\"21\\" and \\"The $64,000 Question\\" drew upwards of 50 million viewers each week.  It is difficult to imagine those kinds of numbers in this day and age where the audience is so fragmented  In any event,  there was enormous pressure on network executives to keep these shows fresh and interesting to the audience.  The networks quickly discovered that one of the best ways to achieve this end was to manipulate the results.  In that way a certain number of these contestants would be sent packing before audiences grew tired of them.  This strategy was quite successful for a number a years before one estranged contestant decided to blow the whistle on all of it.  \\"Quiz Show\\" recalls in a very compelling way the people and events surrounding this scandal.  This is a film that commands your undivided attention from the outset and simply never lets go!<br /><br />There are really three principal charactors in \\"Quiz Show\\".  John Turturro  stars as Herb Stempel,  the thirtysomething Jewish contestant who was the reigning champion on \\"21\\".  To be kind,  despite winning for several weeks in a row Herb proved to be about as charismatic as a mortician.  The sponser was calling the network demanding that  Herb be \\"replaced\\".  Enter one Charles Van Doran (played by Ralph Fiennes),  a handsome, highly educated and captivating young man who possessed all of the charactoristics that both the sponser and the network were looking for.  Would he be willing to \\"play the game\\" and be fed the answers?  At first he resisted but the allure of fame and fortune proved to be too much. In order to make this all happen producer Dan Enright (David Paymer) must convince Stempel to deliberately miss a question.  Stempel is outraged but reluctantly agrees and Van Doran would become the new champion.  In the ensuing weeks the ratings would go through the roof and  Charles Van Doran would become a household name.  Meanwhile, Herb Stempel, who is now nothing more than yesterday's news is seething.  His celebrity is gone and the network has refused to make good on a deal he struck with them to throw that question and end his reign as \\"21\\" champion.  Totally frustrated, Stempel goes to the authorities and tells all.<br /><br />It is at this point that Redford introduces us to the third major player in this saga.  Dick Goodwin finished at the top of his class at Harvard Law School.  Although he realized that he was one day destined for big things on Wall Street he decided that he wanted to pursue other avenues first.  He goes to work as an investigator for a Congressional subcommitee and finds the work to be rather mundane.  All of that changes rather dramatically when Goodwin (played by Rob Morrow) begins to suspect there just might be something fishy about some of these TV quiz shows.  Goodwin is a feisty and persistant son-of-a-gun who relentlessly pursues the investigation.  Eventually, he catches up with both Stempel and Van Doren and the whole tangled web slowly and painfully begins to unravel.  All three men are conflicted about their roles in this drama and soon Goodwin discovers that there are forces at the highest levels of both the government and corporate America that are out to discredit him.<br /><br />Although the film was criticized for taking some \\"artistic license\\" Robert Redford stands by his portrayal of these historic events.  \\"Quiz Show\\" features outstanding acting and a terrific script.  In my opinion this  was one of the finest films made in the 1990's.  Very highly recommended!as one of the finest films made in the 1990's.  Very highly recommended!
B00064WSNW|5.0|This is one of those albums I'd take with me on a deserted island! The first of 3 remarkable albums. If you like this, you must get Beat and Three of a Perfect Pair. This isn't for the bubble gum crowd. This album was made by fantastic musicians for musicians of all sorts. The sounds, tempos, time signatures all brilliantly combined into perfection!!!
B001PPGAIA|2.0|The first half of this monster of a movie was quite enjoyable. It depicts a desperate cattle drive through the desert to the port of Darwin. I thought I was watching an Aussie version of \\"Red River.\\" Nicole Kidman playing the terribly proper English aristocrat Lady Sarah Ashley winds up on a cattle ranch in the middle of the outback to sort out her dissolute husband -- but finds him dead. She teams up with High Jackman's character, known pretentiously only as \\"Drover\\" which happens to be his profession. Kidman performs with restraint but Jackson imbues his character with all the realism of a bed knob.<br />Also involved is an Aboriginal mixed-race child called \\"Nullah\\" who is likably played by Brandon Walters. Meanwhile the child's father, the evil \\"Fletcher\\" is working to sabotage the cattle drive so he can take over the land.<br />The photography of the desert scenary is spectacular and this first half of the movie has a narrative thrust and power that kept me quite enthralled. The cattle drive ends successfully -- and that's where the movie should have ended too. Unfortunately, director Baz Luhrmann is intent on making a major statement about Australian history, racism, the Japanese air raid on Darwin, the nature of love and desire and heaven knows what else. Now we're in another movie -- an Aussie version of \\"Pearl Harbor\\" mixed with \\"Guess Who's Coming to Dinner.\\" On and on the movie grinds -- the music swells as Luuhrmann presses every emotional button that's available. The central incident in this part of the movie is a Japanese attack on an island where Nullah has been taken to attend a mission school. Japanse troops land on the island determined to kill everyone there. This is entirely fictitious. The Japanese never landed on the island. Drover and his sidekicks mount a daring rescue mission. Everyone is joyouysly reunited and the movie finally takes mercy on its viewers and ends.<br />Too long, too pretentious, too manipulative.
0385340575|4.0|I really enjoy Lee Child's work, although I felt his last two Jack Reacher novels (NOTHING TO LOSE and BAD LUCK AND TROUBLE) were middling to poor in quality.  Fortunately, Child has made a solid comeback with his thirteenth Reacher novel, GONE TOMORROW, which is a very well plotted and paced effort.<br /><br />The major strength of GONE TOMORROW is the terrorist plot, which is very interesting, well layered and filled with surprises.  The plot is in no way realistic, but that is essentially true of all the Reacher novels.  The real question is whether the story is entertaining, and I think Child delivers the fun here, much better than he has in a long while.<br /><br />The major flaw with GONE TOMORROW is the lack of an interesting supporting character.  This novel has a lot of different characters saying different things, but Child doesn't take the time to flesh any of them out.  Few of them come across as sympathetic.  As a result, this book lacks the emotional resonance of the best Jack Reacher books.<br /><br />Overall, GONE TOMORROW is a solid Jack Reacher novel, but not as great as some of Child's earlier work.  If you are new to this series, I recommend KILLING FLOOR as the best place to start.
159448385X|4.0|Husseini's writing brings the reader straight into the homes of Kabul -- he gave a believable account of the war-torn area.  The plot was fascinating, and included unexpected twists and turns that I, the supposed discerning reader, did NOT see coming!!    It was interesting to me that the same author was both extremely sensitive to a woman's viewpoint, and also graphic in his descriptions of violence against women.  From where in the author's life does he draw these dreadful experiences?    I read The Kite Runner too.  Both very good reads!
0316044695|5.0|navy seals deserve our respect and gratitude for the job they do to protect all of us back home.
032147404X|3.0|much good general info      however some of the material requires an SLR camera to be fully useful
B000002NFM|4.0|Good songs! In my opinion, this album and \\"Invaders must die\\" are the best from The Prodigy so far.    If you like The Prodigy, this is a must in your collection!
B001XJEKGC|5.0|My wife and I went to the concert at MSG.  It was one of the best blues shows I've ever been to.  Clapton plays like no one else.  The DVD is almost as good as the show.  Getting to see Clapton's fingers up close is astounding.  He always finds the right note, the right bend, the right timing.  Song selection is good, though you cannot cover everything in their collections in a single concert.  Winwood adds good energy and great vocals.  See history, buy it.  This is one to own.
B000002BBY|3.0|I'm not a fan of Oasis. This was a gift for my girlfriend and she loved it. Altough I don't like the style of Oasis there are great songs like Wonderwall. There are some strange songs as well, like \\"Hello\\" and the song without name. All by all, this was a good buy.
B001TOD92C|5.0|I'm very happy with my purchase, the DVD, the wrestler. It plays well, with no problems. I highly recomend purchasing any items here.
1423101472|5.0|My 11 year old son has read the entire series. Every time he picked up one of the books he could not put it down until he finished it. He greatly anticipated its last installment and he was not disappointed. The series is a story of demi gods and gods from greek mythology and their life and interaction with humans. There is a lot of action as the characters pursue their quests. My son has learned a lot about greek mythology in the process of reading for pure fun. I highly recommend this series for pre-teens.
B00007E8SW|5.0|This by far is the best sounding version of this record, from original vinyl to 16 bit CD, the sound on this sacd  may likely be the closest you can get to the master tape sound at this time.....much more detail and depth...and warmth. Highly recommended.
B002A9OJ0Q|5.0|Absolutely astounding! Though it took over 3 years to be released, it was well worth the wait! Standout tracks include the title track and 'Riding the Crest'; one of the most catchy songs I've heard in a long time. Too bad us Americans have to import it :(    If it were officially released here, I'm sure it'd have a lot of commercial viability!
B00000I8NC|5.0|On the front cover of Godspeed You! Black Emperor's sole EP sits a Hebrew phrase from the Book of Jeremiah: tohu va-vohu--in English, \\"void\\" or \\"nothingness.\\" It comes from the verse in which the Lord goes medieval on the Earth and turns it into a barren wasteland, which is printed in the liners along with a scribbled call to action: \\"Let's build quiet armies, friends.\\" On the reverse side is an Italian pictorial diagram of a homemade bomb. Nothing out of the ordinary for this shadowy Canadian collective, who, from their first proper album (F#A#(infinity)) in 1997 until their indefinite hiatus in 2003, possessed the dumbfounding ability to make all this fire-and-brimstone mishegaas seem as serious as a heart attack. An apocalyptic black mystique still surrounds Slow Riot for New Zer Kanada; ten years, the disclosure of the players' identities, and a glut of post-rock copycats have done nothing to diminish its power.<br /><br />Although it's only two tracks and runs a bit under half an hour, Slow Riot is an EP in name only, given the reputation of EPs as precursors or B-side fat. In Godspeed's case, it was simply another way to release the monolithic music they explored on F#A#(infinity) in twice the time. Conciseness is a virtue, as many an educator has told us, and here the band made impressive use of an economical format, cultivating the songs to maturity without wasting an iota of space. At the same time, they were beginning to move away from the post-apocalyptic drift of their debut and toward tightly wound passages of tension and release.<br /><br />On \\"Moya\\", the first track, strings caterwaul for several minutes before the floor drops out and a lone guitar weeps for them in near-silence. The band then flips the elegiac scene right on its head as the instruments pick themselves up and fuse together, climbing like espaliers and collecting enough strength for a hard-won climax. Not casual listening by any standard, but the song's objectively high quality managed to keep swaths of diverse audiences mesmerized over its daunting length.<br /><br />The band's improved compositional skills extended to their field recordings, which were both more effective in themselves and more effectively placed into the overall context. Only Mogwai and a scarce few others ever came close. Slow Riot is especially significant for featuring what is arguably (and boy, have we argued) the best track in Godspeed's oeuvre: \\"Blaise Bailey Finnegan III\\", a synthesis of orchestral sturm und drang and man-on-the-street diatribes that would make any sound artist envious. The group found the titular derelict on a sidewalk in Providence, RI, and taped him spewing scarily focused vitriol at the country that abandoned him. When he lists off his weapons one by one, it's hard to tell whether he's merely nuts or extremely dangerous, just as we're forced to question if music by itself can't contain actual violence.<br /><br />But Godspeed deal in destructiveness of a very particular kind. The verse in Jeremiah concludes with the Lord assuring, \\"Yet I will not make a full end.\\" With its multitude of languages and conflicting messages of religiosity and anarchy, Slow Riot for New Zer Kanada was the place where Godspeed You! Black Emperor looked a bit like gods themselves, pissed off at a screwed up world they'd be willing to destroy if it would bring about a new beginning.<br /><br />(This was published in PopMatters on 6/22/09)s of diverse audiences mesmerized over its daunting length.    The band's improved compositional skills extended to their field recordings, which were both more effective in themselves and more effectively placed into the overall context. Only Mogwai and a scarce few others ever came close. Slow Riot is especially significant for featuring what is arguably (and boy, have we argued) the best track in Godspeed's oeuvre: \\"Blaise Bailey Finnegan III\\", a synthesis of orchestral sturm und drang and man-on-the-street diatribes that would make any sound artist envious. The group found the titular derelict on a sidewalk in Providence, RI, and taped him spewing scarily focused vitriol at the country that abandoned him. When he lists off his weapons one by one, it's hard to tell whether he's merely nuts or extremely dangerous, just as we're forced to question if music by itself can't contain actual violence.    But Godspeed deal in destructiveness of a very particular kind. The verse in Jeremiah concludes with the Lord assuring, \\"Yet I will not make a full end.\\" With its multitude of languages and conflicting messages of religiosity and anarchy, Slow Riot for New Zer Kanada was the place where Godspeed You! Black Emperor looked a bit like gods themselves, pissed off at a screwed up world they'd be willing to destroy if it would bring about a new beginning.    (This was published in PopMatters on 6/22/09)
B001H5X7I4|1.0|O.k. where do I begin? Yes, I thought the movie had some very funny moments and if the subject matter wasn't based on men who actually died this way in real life, I probably would have laughed harder. Yes, I know, it was an unrealistic view of war and over the top, however, ask any Vietnam vet if he thought this was remotely funny. I was even born yet when Vietnam was happening, yet this offended me in some ways. I wonder if Mr. Stiller would find a comedy about Auschwitz just as funny. Bottom line? Yes, a funny movie, but the subject matter(which is war and death) should be respected and not the subject of slaptick comedy.
1577311523|4.0|I think it would be inappropriate to say this book \\"made me think\\" because the point it to get you to stop thinking so much.  It was difficult to get through the beginning of the book (very slow) but once I was into it, I couldn't put it down and I wanted more.  I'm now reading \\"the new earth\\" by the same author.
B002708NAA|5.0|Who would have thought twenty years after their peak, the PSBs would turn out what might be their best album? It might sound like heresy if you liked 80s gems West End Girls, It's A Sin, etc., but I think this album ranks right up there. I didn't even realize they were still recording. And then this record comes out of nowhere.    Some of the songs are bright, bouncy synth-pop songs, a little atypical for PSB. There are also a few moody ones. But it's a consistently good collection of songs and \\"Love etc\\" and \\"Did You See Me Coming\\" are now my two favorite PSB songs.    It's a shame they're not getting any radio play, but if you have liked PSB in the past, definitely give this a try.
B001PR0Y5S|5.0|Don't read the reviews.  Just go see it.  I got home over an hour ago and am still smiling!!!  This movie makes you laugh and warms your heart at the same time.  Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds have great chemistry and talent to spare.  Sure, it has a predictable ending, but I enjoyed watching every minute getting to it!!
B001PPLJIQ|2.0|A friend recommended this film to me.  After hearing him shower it with praises I was convinced it would be the proverbial \\"good movie\\".  I couldn't have been more wrong.  If I wanted to sum this film up with one word I think I would choose the word \\"vile\\".  I found nothing of any redeeming value in this self-loathing film that asks the audience to descend into degenerate voyerism in its first half and then suspend all logical thinking in its utterly contrived second half.   Stunningly bad.
B001BTG3OQ|4.0|This flash work as described by the manufacturer. The Nikon Lighting system (CLS) works flawless every time. I usually build a studio on the go and this flash let me do all the work.
B000007SPU|1.0|I remember liking this album 20+ years ago. I gave it a listen recently and determined it belongs in the past.
B00005JKHP|3.0|The director's edition is tweaked up effects wise but what is most striking are the added beats to scenes that didn't make it to the theatrical version. Uhura's vouching for Kirk's experience to the Ensign who point's out the Admiral's unfamiliarity with the re-fitted Enterprise, Spock's uncharacteristic display of emotion toward the alien entity. Little moments that add just a little flavor to this austere epic. But what truly moved me was the new overture. Running at three minutes it set the move perfectly and perhaps was my favorite addition of the Director's Edition.
B0012GN0JE|2.0|This LP is a must only for completists and hardcore fans, especially those that want to hear Beck sing again (he's on two tracks).     Beck's solo work is excellent-- even the addition of Jimmy Hall's histrionic vocals can't diminish the sheer audacity and skill of one of the best guitarists in the world. Hall's not a bad singer-- he's amazing-- yet it seems his vocal style was of its period. Up against Rod Stewart, there's no comparison. The track 'People Get Ready' is phenomenal, and should've been a bigger hit.     Check out the second track to get an idea of what Beck might've sounded like firing up an Eighties Hair Metal band (via Mike Oldfield). While the song itself is rubbish, there's something to be gained from hearing it.     The rest is dross, and suffers particularly because it's bracketed by two of Beck's best albums, 'There And Back' and 'Guitar Shop'.     Oh, and while it's been re-released, it hasn't been remastered.
1400063736|5.0|I am so glad I decided to get this book and read it.  Based on all the reviews, I was sure I couldn't go wrong.  It is as good as others have said.  I had a hard time putting it down once I started it.<br /><br />It takes place in New York City in 1974.  A man is attempting to walk on a tightrope between the towers of the World Trade Cernter.  This is the center of the story but not the story itself.  There are a cascade of characters we meet, hookers, drifters, socialites, computer hackers, judges, the list goes on.  It is a time of a lot of drug abuse and the Viet Nam War.  All this plays a part in this most magnificent story.<br /><br />The power of Colum McCanns writing takes us to a time and place that mirrors the future and all that's to come and all that we've lost.<br /><br />Simply said, you must read this book.
0618551050|5.0|Highly recommended book for those who is interested in the state of affairs of modern physics. Unorthodox, honest, provocative, challenging the stereotypes. Nevertheless I have an impression that the author is driven by the same \\"dream of the final theory\\" as those string theorists he is polemicizing with. Are the four problems he states at the beginning of the book really \\"physical\\"? Hasn't the author fallen into the same trap of pursuing metaphysical issues as Einstein and the other model-builders, including string theorists? The book forces a reader to think about what is physics, which in my opinion is its main achievement.
B001E2JNA6|5.0|For all the fans of the Jane Austen novel of the same name or simply lovers of the pompous 19th century, this Blu-Ray will surely delight you. I had always enjoyed the film on VHS before purchasing this and the quality difference is staggering. Beautifully remastered and true to the original film [...], this is a must-have.
0061537969|5.0|Move over, Marley. There's a new dog in town, and he's running rings around you. I wasn't too sure what to expect from this book. A dog story, sure, but racing? Ooookay... To my absolute amazement and joy, this book turned out to be a gem, almost impossible to put down, and does indeed deserve five stars. It is not perfect (nothing ever is), but it comes awfully close. I'll shut up now, and you go find a copy, a couple of spare hours, and have a terrific \\"read\\". I'm going to find a copy of Stein's \\"Raven Stole the Moon\\" and hope it is half as good as Enzo's story. I want to believe that my dog will follow in his pawprints.
1591391105|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read regarding a transition to a new job or position.  I am going to read it again because there were so many take aways.  Highly recommend it.
B00164KYV4|3.0|I think director Ken Kwapis and co-screenwriters Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein are trying to make a comic Shakespearean roundelay out of the best-selling [[ASIN:141690977X 2004 self-help book]] by Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo, but this soapish 2009 comedy never quite takes flight because of the predictable nature of the multiple storylines. At 129 minutes, it also runs way too long given its singular focus on the romantic predicaments of the nine principals in the cast. Not too surprisingly, the whole venture feels like an extended episode of [[ASIN:B0001ENX5E Sex and the City]] with well-known actors who appear to have divergent takes on what the movie is really about. There are four separate storylines to track, and they're all tethered to Gigi, an emotionally insecure twenty-something who takes her shallow bar conversations with men so seriously that she constantly waits for them to follow up. She had high hopes for Conor, a real estate agent who never calls her back, but she then finds an unexpected dating coach in his best friend Alex, a promiscuous bar owner who cynically teaches her how to read the signs of non-interest.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Janine, one of Gigi's co-workers, feels something is going awry in her marriage to Ben as she busies herself renovating their home. He accidentally meets comely yoga instructor and aspiring singer Anna at the local supermarket, and they embark on a clandestine affair against their better judgment. Gigi's other co-worker Beth has been living monogamously with Neil, a photographer, for seven years, and marriage doesn't appear in the cards. They break up due to his lack of desire to get married, but a near-tragedy at Beth's younger sister's wedding makes them reconsider their relationship. Providing a full circle to the film's structure, the fourth plot has Anna rebuffing the serious overtures of an enamored Conor as she considers her situation with Ben, while her friend Mary, a newspaper editor who faces a similar predicament as Gigi, finds a connection with Conor when he starts advertising his business in her paper.<br /><br />It's really the pat treatment of the intertwining characters that trivializes the movie into something just a little deeper than a TV commercial. Had there been more focus on one of the stories, say Gigi and Alex's, with the rest relegated to minor subplots, then the movie could have possibly resonated more. The cast is certainly attractive enough, but I wouldn't say they are ideally compatible as an ensemble. Ginnifer Goodwin (the youngest wife on HBO's [[ASIN:B0011UMC72 Big Love]]) has to play up Gigi's eager nervousness at such an excitable level that her neediness starts to feel too one-note. As lothario-in-love Alex, Justin Long (yes, the Apple guy) seems miscast in a swinger role that would have been a better fit for Bradley Cooper ([[ASIN:B001UV4XEC The Hangover]]), who plays Ben. Even more, the friends-to-lovers relationship between him and Goodwin never feels quite authentic enough to sustain the story arc it needs to support. Initially, it was nice to see Jennifer Connelly ([[ASIN:B000FVQLQQ A Beautiful Mind]]) in a lighter role than her usual sturm und drang, but as Janine recognizes her husband's adultery, she bears the burden of the film's most dramatic episode.<br /><br />As Ben, Cooper is merely called upon to look guilty for most of his screen time, that is, when he is not being seduced by the sultry charms of Scarlett Johansson as Anna. After her work for Woody Allen, she seems particularly on automatic pilot here and not very challenged by the role. Kevin Connolly (HBO's [[ASIN:B001AQO3V0 Entourage]]) plays Conor in a way that forces him to waver between boyish and selfish. Perhaps due to their tabloid overexposure, Jennifer Aniston and Ben Affleck at first don't seem to mesh well with the others, but as the story progresses, both turn in surprisingly sympathetic work as Beth and Neil. Rounding out the cast is executive producer Drew Barrymore, who plays Mary as a comic wallflower confused by the complicated impact of communications technology on dating. The 2009 DVD is fairly bare-bones containing both the widescreen and full-screen versions of the film. There is a handful of deleted scenes with optional commentary from Kwapis, although it seems like a surprising omission not to have his insights included on an optional commentary track for the film itself.a comic wallflower confused by the complicated impact of communications technology on dating. The 2009 DVD is fairly bare-bones containing both the widescreen and full-screen versions of the film. There is a handful of deleted scenes with optional commentary from Kwapis, although it seems like a surprising omission not to have his insights included on an optional commentary track for the film itself.
B000W93CHC|5.0|This book is not the same as Pillars of the Earth.  I loved world without End. I loved Pillars of the Earth.  This book revolved around a persons's life span.  Pillars around a couple of generations.  It had some relationship with Pillars, relying on some key characters but that is about it.  Still I enjoyed it.  Not as good as Pillars, but I think Pillars was the best book I ever read.  But I am so glad he wrote it and I didn't want it to end!
0812975219|1.0|You can pretty much glean the entire contents of this book from its back cover. The rest is just bitter whining and vitriol from a Wall Street loser.    Lots of people journal their rants for stress relief. This guy turned his into a book. Don't waste your time.
B000PC8AFU|5.0|sooooooo great to hear stevie again ! i hadn't heard this one before. what a nice surprize .
1439157383|2.0|I read the reviews before I read the book and I should have paid more atteniton to the negative reviews. I started the book and found the first 3rd of the book intriguing. Aside for some problems with the character Ana, who seems to speak more as a 40 year old cynic and than a 13 yr old, I was still anxious to see how this family would fare. Things started going downhill quickly...Without spoiling the plot, I found the resolution of Jessie's \\"problem\\" unrealistic; It was also hard to believe that Campbell and Julia were still pining away about a high school romance  years ago that went sour. The ending was unbelievably contrived and  I had a brief thought that it was heading that way but ignored my feeling and gave Ms Picoult too much credit. I also agree with the reviewer who said that Campbell NEVER would have been given a drivers license(do your research Jodi)  Fortunately I listened to the book on tape while commuting so I wasted no actual reading time to get through this mess...but I did endanger other drivers when I listened to the ending and yelled at the CD player!!  It will be a terrific movie for those who like easy contrived weepy movies.
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|Up is a triumph. It is, in the purest sense, a children's movie -- but not just for the young and young-at-heart, but also for the child that is buried deeply away in each and every one of us. Unlike so many other kids' movies today which aim for the lowest common denominator, go for the cheap laughs (mainly), and mistake bodily functions for humor, Up transcends its genre. Indeed, Up is not only far funnier than the competition, it actually goes for the heart in a way that is completely genuine and heartfelt, and neither cloying, simplistic, nor manipulative. This isn't a Dreamworks money-grab, and thank goodness for that. It aspires to something far greater, and it achieves it.<br /><br />I could go into the details, but this is movie that I think needs to be discovered afresh by each viewer.  That isn't to say that it won't bear repeated viewings; indeed, I'm ready to see it again a day later.  Rather, I think it is such a complete, well-crafted, and timeless tale that the extra bit of sweetness for me was having very little idea about what was about to unfold on the screen.<br /><br />I'd recommend avoiding the 3-D version. It was distracting and unnecessary, though hardly gimmicky.  I think it takes away from the visual experience of the film, which has a palette of warm, spectacular colors that transport you to that sunlit place of your first kiss, your first adventure, and your first experience of life's fragility and tragic beauty. As I watched the film unfold, I thought of my true love who wasn't there beside me and wept tears of gratitude for having loved and been loved, and tears of sadness in knowing that everything is passing. Up eloquently reminded me of the great, small, painful, wondrous, confusing, passionate, and ultimately meaningful mysteries of life.
B00004SZWD|5.0|I owned this album in cassette version in the 70's and I had forgotten how fabulous it was.  I used to call it my happy album, because it just plain made me feel good and I am so glad to own it again in cd.  I find myself playing it over and over again as a blast from the past and singing at the top of my lungs with it.  I especially love \\"I am singing\\" on cd #2.  Buy it!  You won't believe how good it feels.
B0019LY5IM|5.0|This season was truly amazing.    The season finale was something that changes completely the perspective of the show, and gives you a better picture of what's going on, but you're left with the question of \\"what's going to happen next?\\" more than ever.    We had so many things this season that I don't know who could rate it less than 3 stars, I know it's just their point of view, but I'd recommend that you watch it again, because one of the bad things in LOST (Something that I love, but makes people who watch the episodes only once, or simply have bad memory to be lost) that we go back to previous episodes. So many scenes that people might find useless, really have a connection to something that has already happened, or something that's going to happen.    Trust me, this season more than any other, deserves a 2nd watch and you're probably going to connect everything correctly on your head, specially with the finale.    And if after this season you still think that they don't know where they're going, that they make it up as they go along, then you still don't see the big picture in LOST, maybe you would need to watch it again.    What I strongly advice, is that you finish watching the season, you take a deep breath, think about the episode, and watch it again, at least the begining of it, because I've had some friends that hated lost after the finale, but after I explained things over, they were completely amazed how they plan this show!    But still, we have to wait for season 6 in 2010, that will be what will define this show as a complete masterpiece, or just a good entertaining show.    We're all hoping for the first :)
0525478183|3.0|I read the first half of the book in one sitting, unable to stop.  Margo Roth Speigelman takes neighbor Quentin on the ride of his life, and I didn't want the night to end any more than Quentin did.  Alas, the night does end, and then the real mystery supposedly begins.  Without Margo, however, the book loses its intensity, and I kept reading out of mild, uninvested curiosity (the way one reads a People magazine to find out the latest about the celebritysphere).  Just like Quentin, I have no regrets about seeing the story to the end because the ride with Margo at the beginning was so much fun, but I can't say there wasn't disappointment along the back side.  I suppose that my review here is a back-handed tribute to Green's ability to create such a charismatic and mesmerizing character.  I know, I know, the point is that she couldn't last . . . but where's the fun in that?
B001EYGOEM|5.0|This CD is beautiful.  I love Taylor Swift's voice and am enjoying the CD very much.  I think I am wearing it out by playing it so much.
0312944926|5.0|Excellent book.  It is the first one I have read by Dan Brown. Lots of mystery and plenty of espionage, murder,love, betrayal. Lots of action in the book and has large print.  It talks about the internet and how companies and the governments can check your e-mails.  Even though it is fiction, it makes you stop and wonder how our private lives, are not necessarily private anymore.
0312380852|5.0|The directions were concice and easy to follow, and the projects are ones I will make for myself to wear and give as gifts.  The author inspires creativity. More Please!
0061767581|4.0|When I first heard Lauren was writing a novel I was a bit skeptical to say the least.  After reading it all the way through, in two days no less, and I am convinced she has some definite talent in writing. I think we will see her become a favorite author for the younger readers. She has a great writing style and her book kept me entertained from beginning to end, I cannot wait to see what is next. I would definitely suggest this book to anyone that loved watching Laguna Beach and The Hills.
B0011Z5CV0|4.0|Fun product with very nice musical sounds. Being musical, I enjoy playing songs for my little one on the elephants nose. However, I wish it would sit up on it's own better as advertised. Hope my child can play with it more on his own once he's older. For now he loves to listen to the songs and stare at the brightly colored fabric and big eyes.
0486424545|5.0|For me the wonder of this novel was not in the story or plot as much as in the nuggets of wisdom our author left throughout the piece.  Margret shares her views and thoughts on the world and herself with such intuitiveness and insight that it often made me stop to contemplate my own life.  Even more, this is a beautifully written novel; I absolutely love the language used by Forster.
045122499X|1.0|Lousy book.  How could he stand to write so many words so poorly?    Has anyone in history had as eventful a life as the main characters,  Follett's Merthin & Caris?  At least Forrest Gump was sweet and funny.  This was ponderous, boring and wildly unbelievable.  Mindnumbing trash, I only finished it because I bought it at the airport to read on a transatlantic flight.
B000PKX2KA|4.0|On my boat, as a back-up to the built-in electronic navigation devices, I use a laptop with navigator suite on it. I was looking for the Deluo GPS Receiver, but it was not available. This one works also (the Delorme does not even if it says it does on the box, and even with an extra downloaded software. Installation is easy and signal acquisition is fast. I'll report later when I'l have had a chance to try it on open sea
B00192IV0O|3.0|Nothing outstanding about it.  I has a nice sound.  I might listen if I heard it on the radio, or if someone was playing it.  But I don't like it enough to buy it to listen to myself.<br /><br />Part of the reason I would not buy it is because I feel the artists themselves are such trashy people that I would never want them to have any of my money.
B0000669JL|5.0|This a great album that will always put me in a good mood.  A compilation of of his greatest hits.  Highly recommended!
B000J3OTTQ|5.0|[[ASIN:B000J3OTTQ Step Up (Full Screen Edition)]]  This movie is awesome,I love the way its all put together,and the fact that the gal and the guy came from completely different backgrounds,have completely different interests,making you think the partnership would never work much less come together but by the end of the movie it worked out very well to the point of a fruitful friendship and eventual romance,  A movie all romantics could watch again & again!
0307341569|4.0|Gillian Flynn's novel Dark Places is a novel that takes you to those dark places. This book had me pulled in many directions of wondering who murdered Libby's family. With each passing chapter my mind would constantly change direction. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone looking for a good mystery.
B000B8QG4A|5.0|this product was great!!! I'm so glad i found it in here rather than paying a much higher price anywhere else, even for used items. It was in great condition and it was hard to tell that it wasn't new, and i would definitely do it again.
0790744295|4.0|In 1982 George A Romero & Stephen King combined their efforts to produce classic macabre comprised of 5 short stories. The film was very well thought out being inspired by the E.C. comics of the 1950s. While watching you feel as if you are part of a comic come to life as they introduce each segment with some artwork followed by the story. It was a great idea that seemed to inspire some films to come years later including 2 other Creepshows.<br /><br />The film opens with a young boy named Billy and his fixation with a his favorite comic book Creepshow. Once his father takes the comic and throws it away the fun begins as the host known as the creep introduces us to 5 short thrillers; Father's Day, The Lonesome Death of Jordy Verrill (Starring Stephen King), Something to Tide You Over (Starring Ted Danson & Leslie Nielsen, The Crate, & They're Sneaking Up On You. Each story is very original and very different from the next to follow.<br /><br />This style of film is one of Sid's favorites and unfortunately has appeared to lost it's popularity. The reason we love the style is you don't get bored since you have multiple stories in one film. It keeps things fresh in addition to offering up a few different ideas. It eliminates that issue you sometimes get with horror movies interest is lost since it's stretched out way too long.  Out of all 5 stories we'd have to choose Something to tide you over as the favorite. It's pretty funny to see a young Ted Danson not sporting a bar towel. Overall the film is a great success and has stood the test of time. Even though Creepshow 2 is our favorite out of the series this is surely one film Sid Has and WOULD enjoy back in the glory days.
0375805621|4.0|Fun book to read to preschoolers. They love the excitement of looking for the monster at the end of the book even though we have read it over and over.
1416511946|5.0|Being a Motley fan for many years, this book was a must buy for me. I must say it was a wild ride from start to finish. Really shed some light on the way that Nikki was living. There was not a dull moment in the book. This is a must read for any Crue fan after reading \\"The Dirt\\". You will definately know where a song from \\"Saints Of Los Angeles\\" came from!
B001DJ7PR8|5.0|DVD was in wonderful condition when received; it also came quickly. The movie, in my opinion, is one of Woody Allen's better ones...Check it out.
B000RLCJ5Q|5.0|I will keep this one simple here. If you are a Clash fan or a punk rock fan you should own this. Great songs and a good price. Nuff said!
B000002HO3|5.0|I loved my Simply Red Greatest hits, the price was terrific and I received it in a very timely manner. Will continue to shop Amazon.com
0312383320|4.0|Plum Spooky is (currently) the latest book from the Stephanie Plum series. Diesel's back, Joe and Ranger are almost nonexistent, and the plot is not exactly up to par with the numbered books. With that being said, Plum Spooky is my favorite Between-the-Numbers novel. I like how it is a full-length book, compared to previous BTN stories, which were around 150 pages in length. It gives the plot a more relaxed feel, compared to other BTNs, whose plots are much too rushed.<br /><br />There tends to be some controversy over the content of this book. Most thinks it's ridiculous and embarrassing. Personally, I think the monkeys are quite entertaining, as well as the Pine Barrens locals. While \\"Elmer the fire-farter,\\" a retired Easter Bunny, and the Sasquatch may take it a little far, it does not get in the way of the plot.<br /><br />That being said, this book is far from perfect. Many of the actions of the characters are far too convenient. For example, after easily convincing Martin Munch (one of the antagonists) to untie her restraints, Stephanie wanders around the Pine Barrens, and the first house she sees has a truck with the keys already in the ignition. She then drives around, and within minutes, finds her conveniently placed car.<br /><br />I am still an avid fan of this series, and hope Evanovich does not stop after her contract ends after book Sixteen. While Plum Spooky is not the highlight of American literature, it still deserves a read.<br /><br />B-
B001EN71DG|4.0|NOTE: THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE 2008 DVD BOXSET. Includes the 2004 and original versions of all 3 movies- 6 discs total. Sadly out of print since May 2011.<br /><br />If you don't have any of the original Star Wars movies on dvd, this is the box set you're looking for. At only $30 here on amazon, this is the best price ever for the Star Wars Trilogy on dvd. Especially when you consider this set includes the Special Editions and the original unaltered versions for each film. It basically packs the same discs that were released individually in 2006 but this is the first and only box set so far to include the original versions.<br />Many of the low reviews are because Lucas has basically rereleased the same exact discs with no new features other than new packaging. I agree that Star Wars deserves a LOT better but for now, this is the best that's out there.<br /><br />PS: There was a disc of bonus features released with another box set. However that set did not contain the original versions. The good news is you can buy just the extras disc separately here on amazon really cheap (see below). With that and this set, you'll have everything officially released on dvd and not double dip.<br />[[ASIN:B000FAGGWQ Star Wars Trilogy Bonus Disc (2004)]]
B000W7JWUA|5.0|We've been playing Settlers for nearly 14 yrs. In all that time we've not owned or played a game we've felt more comfortable introducing to new or old friends. The game has the unique balance of competitive and social - seeming to satisfy both gamer types.    We're a bit older now and have been trying to introduce better games to our kids. We've successfully taught our two oldest (10 and 8) to play Settlers and they have a blast as well.    The newer board configuration they show in the video is intriguing as it seems they've framed in the sea - a nice addition that may keep the errant tile from sliding away.    The only limitation to this game is it demands at least three players. We've experimented with two player and it looses its appeal. Best game play by far is with two couples.
1439102813|5.0|STILL ALICE  Lisa Genova  Pocket Books  Simon and Schuster  ISBN: 978-1-4391-0281-7  Paperback  $15.00  Reviewer:  Annie Slessman    Alzheimer's Disease doesn't kill you instantly, isn't physically noticeable to the naked eye.  However, it is one of the most debilitating diseases we experience today.  In STILL ALICE, by Lisa Genova, one can feel the frustration of Alice Howland, a cognitive psychology professor at Harvard when she goes for her regular run in Harvard Square and cannot remember how to get home.  This brilliant woman, who is also a well renowned expert in linguistics finds out she has Alzheimer's Disease when she gets medical tests after having a problem remembering what she was to teach in a classroom after studying the subject hours the night before.    Alice's life is full.  She travels continually as a public speaker, teaches classes at Harvard and has no time for Alzheimer's.  The disease doesn't care what Alice wants or her time commitments and it strikes with a vengeance that traps Alice inside a brain she that is no longer functioning normally.  Her struggle with the disease and her family's reaction to her increasing dementia makes for one great book.    I admit to being scared out of my own mind reading this story.  A woman in my sixties, this disease appears to be an extremely frightening one.  To imagine that you can no longer remember the loved ones around you, drive a car or complete mundane everyday tasks is just plain scary.  This disease is also believed to be genetic so it can affect your children and grandchildren as well.    Alice states at one point in the book that she would rather have cancer.  At least she could fight that disease.  Alzheimer's Disease is incurable and does not provide an afflicted person with any resources except drugs that may provide times of clarity.  This particular result of the drug seems quite cruel to this reviewer as it is giving something that will eventually be taken away again.    If you want to know more about Alzheimer's Disease and its effects, this is an excellent book on the subject.  I will tell you as well, you will probably want to put a fist in the face of Alice's husband in the end.  I know I did.
0061120073|5.0|Great Book.  The book was in great condition and I received it on time.
B000MA3IES|5.0|4 Way Street is a perfect title for this live compilation, as it does show the four different directions CSNY was heading in at the time. Although Crosby and Nash were more unified than Stills and Young from a musical standpoint, they did share the same political views. The acoustic record is perfect in sound and execution, but it's too short. The version of Stills' \\"Black Queen\\" would've fit well in front of \\"49 Bye Byes\\" that's on the disc, and there's a dynamite duet by Young and Stills of young's \\"Mr. Soul\\" from the Springfield days that I've only heard once, and have never been able to find it.  The electric side has the best of their live output, warts and all, minus the pedantics that all four men are capable of. The vocals are a little weak, overpowered by their travelling guitar store, and minus the ability to sing the vocals twice, as CSN did, borrowing the technique from Simon & Garfunkel. But, man, can they play!!!  Which brings us to reason they released the album. The versions of \\"Ohio\\" and \\"Find the Cost of Freedom\\" on this album are not noticeably different than the express single they relased the week of the Kent State tragedy, and since the quartet wasn't getting along at the time, it spared them the aggravation of having to spend 1970 coming up with eight more songs for a studio album. They haven't hit that mark since.
0061706620|4.0|I received this book as a gift, and never put it down once for a week until I'd read every single word within.  It is phenomenally written, and gives a lot of background that is either only hinted at or never addressed in the show.  It provides an interesting contrast to fans of Sam and Dean, since we have learned both their points of view but have never gotten to hear John's side of the story.  Also, some of the creature/demon information, new and known, is fascinating to read (but maybe I'm just a geek like Sammy ^^)    I only have a few complaints, and most of them are mundane at best:      1. We spend most of the show staring at John's journal: locked, leather-bound, loose-leaf pages held together by binder rings; but we get this shiny hardcover with pics of Jeff, Jensen, and Jared on the cover.  While gorgeous (and sturdy), this is just one of those silly things from which no fangirl will ever recover.      2. The pages are photocopied to look dirty and folded, but have immaculately printed words on them - and when the printing isn't in Times New Roman, it's in some faux-handwriting font.  I understand that it needs to be legible, but some consistency would be nice!    3. Most of the pictures inside the journal, while interesting and helpful, are obviously illustrations by some well-trained artist - they are not even disguised to look like they were drawn by John Winchester's hand.  And if they were meant to be photographs, they should have just BEEN photographs.      And now my real complaints:     1. The book was published in 2009, meaning the wrier/compiler had all the information the show had to offer up to season 4, when John shouldn't have even had most of season 1.  Evidence of this oversight is in John's casual mention and subsequent dismissal of angels and his inclusion of Lilith as one of the succubi, as well as some other minor things.      2. More disconcerting are continuity errors which, assuming Sam and Dean read the whole thing cover-to-cover several times once they found it, would have led certain episodes (if not the whole show) in a different direction.  Cetain examples include (but are not limited to): \\"Everybody Loves a Clown\\" introduces Ellen and Jo Harvelle to the boys, who claim John never said NOR wrote in his journal anything about them, when John tells the whole story of Jo's father's death in an early entry; John talks often and at some length about how he feels about Sam, about visiting Sam at Stanford, and how proud he is of Dean in the journal, but the boys in the show claim to have no knowledge of any of this; one of the later entries lists the contents of John's storage, of which the boys claim no knowledge; the second to last entry identifies Azazel; and so on.      So overall, as I said before and will emphatically repeat, this is a fantastic book to read - just don't read too far into it, or you may find yourself rather homicidal toward it.  Just try to enjoy the ride and don't think too much.      And keep an eye out for Supernatural's (final!) season premiere: Thursday, Sept. 10, at 9/8c on the CW!!
B000BT97AO|1.0|I ordered this directly from Amazon, not a private seller.   When I got the DVD, the snap to hold the disc was broken, so the DVD had been rattling around in its case throughout shipment, and was covered with scratches. I decided to try and see if it was still viewable, so we gave it a try. The movie played fine, IN ITALIAN!!! Its an English film, they are very clearly speaking english, but apparently Amazon is not quite as concerned with what internationally released version you get. I will be returning this immediately. Thanks for absolutely nothing, and for waisting my shipping money, Amazon.     Oh, and the film was interesting but odd. Im sure I couldve followed it more without subtitles and in its original language.
B0029XZODY|5.0|Ahh Dexter... everyone's guilty secret where they're cheering for the serial killer.<br /><br />Season one of Dexter was a supersonic bullet fired from a sniper rifle - you never saw it coming and by the time you heard the sound, you were probably already dead.  If you were like me and only became aware of Dexter at the start of season two, you probably watched all of season one in a single sitting because there was no way you were going to sleep before finding out what happened next!<br /><br />Season two slowed things down a little bit in order to develop other characters.  Lila was a waste of space, but she was a good utility character used to wrap up all the loose ends in season two.  A great season, but it didn't hold a candle to season one.<br /><br />Season three comes along and all of a sudden we're wondering about Daddy Dexter - maybe even Mr. and Mrs. Dexter?<br /><br />For Dexter fans, season three is a great culmination of what's been brewing in season one and season two.  You really start to see Dexter develop as a person rather than a mindless killing machine who's barely in control of his \\"Dark Passenger\\".  Where control was always a central focus in the previous seasons, manipulation becomes the theme in season three as Dexter finds out the hard way that sometimes he's the puppet not the puppet master as when he tangles with Miguel Prado (Jimmy Smits).<br /><br />Season three also starts throwing conundrums to the fans about Dexter's character.  You learn in episode one that Dexter's about to be a daddy and throughout the season you see Dexter trying to figure out if he can raise a child that doesn't turn out to be just like himself.  You also see Dexter suddenly having to tackle emotions like mercy and even odder, having to deal with the ins and outs of friendship.  While part of you cheers for Dexter Morgan growing as a person, becoming more and more socially adjusted - hoping that he'll make a great dad; another part of you really wants him to leave Rita, stay alone in his apartment, and return back to the simpler days of season one.<br /><br />All in all, Dexter is still one of the best shows on television and season three is no exception.  Bring on season four!d return back to the simpler days of season one.    All in all, Dexter is still one of the best shows on television and season three is no exception.  Bring on season four!
B001UREJWM|5.0|Another great album by Iommi/Dio/Geezer...etc. In my opinion, this album has some of the catchiest tunes on their entire catalog. My favorites include Bible Black and Follow the Tears, but every track has some unique element that will make you stop, shake your head in awe, and guarantee some headbanging action! Iommi really has shined through on this record, his tone is bone-crushingly heavy and his solos are spot on. Definitely worth buying...what are you waiting for, get it now!
B001FB4W16|3.0|Whenever you go see a movie based upon a favorite book or series of books, you usually end up being disappointed right?  However, once in a blue moon, you find a book-to-film translation, that while different from the book, isn't... horrid.  That's HBO's True Blood.<br /><br />If you're a fan of Charlaine Harris' Sookie Stackhouse novels, you'll find familiarity with all of the characters, basic storyline, and location.  However almost immediately the series starts to wander off of Harris' world and into its own.  The plots seem very familiar but foreign at the same time - at which point you start to judge True Blood as a series, not as a book-to-TV translation.<br /><br />As a series True Blood keeps you watching, but it definitely had some stumbling blocks that it had to overcome.  There is a lot of focus on drug addiction-type issues (Jason on Vamp blood) which felt very prolonged and tacked on.  Meanwhile the Vampires really seemed to be used as a plot device rather than focus - if something goes wrong, you blame \\"the vampires,\\" if someone gets messed up, you blame \\"the vampires\\".  I felt very little connection to each individual vampire (Bill, Eric, etc) as the more mundane \\"human\\" problems were taking center stage.  In this way, much of True Blood felt like a gritty version of a soap opera - just one that happened to have supernatural creatures in it.<br /><br />That being said, the non-vampires in the series really grew on you - mostly because they actually had a chance to explore their characters.  Anna Paquin (who as most people have stated, seemed to make an odd choice as Sookie - which seemed to be patterned, physically at least, on more of a Pamela Anderson type) does well as the naive Sookie who quickly gets a whole lot of \\"life\\" dumped into her lap.  Rutina Wesley as Tara Thornton and Nelsan Ellis as Lafayette Reynolds made an even stronger impression on me than their counterparts in the book series.  Unfortunately Sam Trammell as Sam Merlotte and Ryan Kwanten as Jason Stackhouse both felt very one-dimensional to me - Sam was a one-note \\"Shucks, why doesn't Sookie like me?\\" puppy dog, and Jason as a sex-crazed, drug addict (well.. I guess he really was this in the first book - the sex part at least).<br /><br />All in all, True Blood isn't a bad series and it sits pretty high in the \\"mediocre\\" side of the bar, but I'm really hoping it unfolds its wings in season two and develops into a great series.khouse both felt very one-dimensional to me - Sam was a one-note \\"Shucks, why doesn't Sookie like me?\\" puppy dog, and Jason as a sex-crazed, drug addict (well.. I guess he really was this in the first book - the sex part at least).    All in all, True Blood isn't a bad series and it sits pretty high in the \\"mediocre\\" side of the bar, but I'm really hoping it unfolds its wings in season two and develops into a great series.
0143034901|5.0|Some books just make you want to cry, not necessarily because they're sad, but because of the beauty of the story. This is one of those novels. It is an intricately woven story that has it all. Mystery, romance and deep, dark secrets that come together in the end. In one word, Incredible.
0380778556|5.0|What a great classic....very slow at first, but once you get started, you can't put it down.<br /><br />I figured out a few things as I was reading, but the end was quite a surprise.<br /><br />I too was not happy my book club chose this book, but it turned out to be a wonderful choice.<br /><br />You won't be disappointed once you get past about the first 50 pages.<br /><br />ENJOY!!
B000F4LPJ6|5.0|So many american movies have ripped this off in the last couple of years. None of them had the balls to use kids as this movie does.  its the greatest asian cult action classic.
B001NEK2GE|1.0|if anyone wants to read tons they have over 50 other reviews they can read, i am just going to state my evaluation of this gimmick garbage.    for 1 it is obviously logitechs attempt to steal the n52TE's thunder, sadly they fail. the ergonomics are completely ignored, which is what makes the N52TE the best speedpad on the market. this is just not comfortable, i dont care what WoW players think (saying you play it is at this point the same as saying \\"i am a tarded\\") nor people who only play 2-4 hours a day, for the 10+ hour a day crowd that is throwing down in unreal or games that actually involve skill this is near useless. another problem is the keys are too cluttered together, there is no way to COMFORTABLY use them all and whats more hitting the wrong key is usually going to mess you up BAD. lastly the stick feels like it comes pre-broken.    the software is just mediocre, and if you have any problems with say a conflict with another device logitechs solution will be \\"call microsoft\\" which is pretty much the kiss of death in the world of tech-support. love having dropped profiles for no reason too, champion coding there logiturd.     now on to the LCD....USELESS! i wish i could make that word 100x bigger, if you are playing any kind of game that involves skill, reflexes, or an attention span (not WoW or 90% of mmorpg's) you will never use this or you will die. so why put it there? well to sell it to all the dumb kiddies obviously, c'mon that and color change backlighting?! how many people seriously play in the dark for any amount of time (because it will make you go blind)? you will NOT be a better gamer due to the colors around your hand no matter what the color is i assure you, and squinting to see who is talking in vent is going to cause eyestrain which sucks.    a friend actually GAVE me 1 of these (he didnt care much for it either obviously) and i will most likely pass it off on the next fool that walks through the door and asks what it is. compared to the N52TE is is an overpriced gimmick that will most likely get you laughed out of a LAN party faster than a Canadian tux.     if you read reviews of the g13 vs. the N52 realize the N52TE is a completely different beast (low profile keys, and a way better profile editor/manager for examples), it feels GOOD in your hand and can be adjusted for bigger or smaller hands. the g13 ignored that fact completely and figured colors, a useless lcd, and too many buttons would make up for it. plus they figure they are logitech, people will buy it regardless.
B000JMKRKC|5.0|This book is a definite page turner with a timeless style of writing.  When I started, I couldn't put it down until I was done - this meant I was reading in class, in meetings, and while I was on the phone.  The only place I didn't read it was in that bathroom because that's gross.  True, it's not very believable but neither is Jane Eyre or the Secret Garden.    I can't identify with any of the characters in the book - not the shy biographer Margaret with a secret of her own, nor the reclusive famous writer Vida Winter - but the author was skillful enough to transport me to an entirely different world.
B001TH16DI|4.0|A lot has been written on this Blu-Ray set, so I'll be brief. This is a very good collection. All six movies are true HD 1080P transfers. All are the original theatrical releases, and all look good and sound good, especially considering they are all 20+ year old movies (how is that even possible?). If you are a Trek fan this is easily the best looking and sounding release versions of these films you are currently going to find.    The only complaint I have is that they are ONLY the theatrical releases. I would have preferred that they seamlessly branch, ala the remastered Season One Blu-Ray set, between the Director's/Special Edition versions and these theatrical versions. Paramount will just put out that set in another couple of years. Completely understandable from a business point of view, but extremely annoying from a consumer point of view.    Still, I am glad I bought this set. I haven't watched these films in quite a while and I've really enjoyed seeing them again in HD... especially \\"ST2: The Wrath of Khan\\".
B000FC1LOC|4.0|I was anxious to read this book before the movie came out and now that I've finished I know two things:  1) This book was made for a movie: The lack of a right answer to a moral question, the twist before the end, the twist at the end, the characters who are unquestionably good people in a bad situation - all of this screams movie!  I don't see why Cameron Diaz should play Sara (the mother) when Sara's described as being dark and serious and Cameron's all blond and fun.  The corners of Sara's mouth is described as perpetually turned now while Cameron looks like The Joker from Batman.    But I digress.  I read the book in one day because I just couldn't wait to see what happens.  I felt myself switching allegiances every time the narrative voice changed because the author does such a good job telling the story from every point of view.    Which leads me to the second thing I learned: 2) There is no way that the movie can be better than the book.  The book captures everything so beautifully and in such heart-breaking detail that I can already picture it in my mind.  There's no need to see someone else's version on the movie screen.    The only reason why I can't give this book five stars is that I felt this book was sort of like what would happen if a Lurlene McDaniel book (like [[ASIN:0553570951 Dawn Rochelle, Four Novels: Six Months to Live/ I Want to Live/ So Much to Live For/ No Time to Cry]]) got together with a Law and Order episode and had a baby.  The result would be this: a courtroom drama book involving a teenager with cancer.
B001GCUNWG|3.0|This is starting to get silly. There shouldn't be dinosaurs in a story that takes place during the last ice age. It's a well known fact that they were long since extinct at that point. Yes, I'm well aware that this is a fantasy, and yes, I'm aware that it's supposed to be silly and fun and unburdened with historical accuracy. But come on, even fantasies have their limits. \\"Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs,\\" the third chapter in the series, is goofy and innocuous, completely removed from the more clever ideas that made the first two films enjoyable. Despite the fact that the release is in \\"eye-popping\\" 3-D, it's been reduced to the level of your average Saturday morning cartoon, lacking any real depth and full of thrill-ride misadventures that don't really go anywhere. I grant you that it's a decent enough film for younger children, but I fear that the adults in the audience won't get much out of it.    The film, which reunites all the main characters from the previous films, is founded on the premise that a handful of dinosaurs survived extinction and made their home beneath the snow-covered earth. How this happened is something the film never bothers to explain, but I guess it doesn't really matter. What does matter is that Sid the Sloth (voiced by John Leguizamo), Manny the Wooly Mammoth (voiced by Ray Romano), his pregnant wife, Ellie (voiced by Queen Latifah), her possum brothers Crash and Eddie (Seann William Scott and Josh Peck), and Diego the Saber-Tooth Tiger (voiced by Denis Leary) have stumbled onto this hidden world and go on yet another adventure. New to the series is Buck (voiced by Simon Pegg), a weasel left stranded in the dinosaur cave. He has one eye and an Australian accent. If you ever wondered what Steve Irwin would have been like with a mental disorder, now's your chance to find out.    The plot: Sid, longing for a family of his own, stumbles upon three eggs after falling through a patch of thin ice. He happily claims them as his own--he even draws crude smiley faces on the shells to give them some personality. Only when they hatch does he discover that his \\"children\\" are actually T-Rexes. It isn't long before their real mother ascends and rounds up her children, taking Sid along with her. It's now up to his friends to enter the dinosaur cave and rescue him. Lo and behold, they're aided by Buck, a thoroughly insane adventurer with a leaf for an eye patch and a dinosaur tooth for a hunting knife. He's on a quest for his own version of Moby Dick: A great white dinosaur he has named Rudy.    The main story is occasionally interrupted by comedic vignettes with Scrat the Squirrel, who, of course, is still on a mission to find an acorn. His frenetic escapades have been enhanced for this new movie with the addition of Scratte, a female flying squirrel who's also in search of an acorn. They're simultaneously in love and in competition with each other, which is kind of funny but also kind of lame. Scrat's acorn episodes may have been fun at first, but now they're just getting old. Think back to the era of the Warner Bros. cartoons: How many Wile E. Coyote shorts does it take to make it clear that (a) he'll always get hurt by defective Acme products and (b) he'll never catch the Road Runner? Not too many, I should think. At a certain point, you're just beating a dead horse.    The humor is periodically tamed, albeit weakly, by more serious plot points. Diego, for example, fears he's losing his edge, which is why he wants to leave as soon as Manny's baby is born. Sid is still being hassled for his more annoying tendencies, none of which are helped by the fact that he likes kids so much. Manny is overprotective of Ellie and the baby, so much so that he begins neglecting his friends. All of this is addressed, but they're hardly developed. This is probably why I didn't feel much of anything for the characters, certainly not like I did in the first two films. It now seems as if the filmmakers were more interested in perfecting the look, and indeed, the computer imagery and bold color scheme provide great visual appeal (the 3-D doesn't do much for them, but then again, 3-D itself hasn't been all that impressive lately).    I'm sure some of you think I'm being too hard on this film, but I'm sorry, I can only suspend disbelief so high before the ropes threaten to buckle. I'll say this much: If you absolutely must see this film, or if your child is pressing the issue, I recommend you save the extra money and see it in traditional 2-D. Otherwise, you should be in no hurry to get the theater. \\"Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs\\" is proof that there can be too much of a good thing; Manny, Sid, Ellie, Diego, and the rest are fun characters, but after two entertaining adventures, they've officially overstayed their welcome. It doesn't help that they're trapped in a story undeserving of them; when it comes to this kind of cartoon, there's no way to genuinely be interested in the idea that dinosaurs live underground. Believe me, I tried.
B001H5X7I4|5.0|This is a brilliant, hilarious satire/commentary on the Vietnam-era war movie genre and on the movie business in general. See it. Great cast!
B001ACH4DS|5.0|Cannot stop listening to this amazing album! From the moment I saw his performance on American Idol(season 8) Final I had to have this album. Very emotional lyrics & his voice has a very raw intense quality. Best track-Permanent. This will be in my cd stacker for a long while! Janine, Sydney , Australia
B000077VR3|2.0|Moulin Rouge starring Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor is a doomed love story set to classic pop songs. I really wanted to like this colorful musical but I think this film would have been better if the songs were set to an original score, hearing songs I heard a thousand times made watching this film seem silly and pretenious. I don't think Kidman deserved to be nominated for an Oscar, that same year she was absolutely brilliant in The Others so I don't know what all the fuss was about? She's not good here, her singing is ok - nothing spectacular. The Like A Virgin performance is kinda cute but otherwise Moulin Rouge is just average.
B001HN697M|5.0|This third chapter of the Underwold series gives more insight of the lycans origin, it is a very good history.
B00005JPUN|1.0|The Invasion is another Hollywood remake on a classic film. Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig try their best to make up for the pathetic script and the erratic pace of the movie. This film is disguisting, there is a lot of vomit and gore in this film, so don't watch if you have a weak stomach. The Invasion is complete garbage, I can see why this summer flick bombed a few years back. Avoid at all costs!
B000BT97AO|5.0|A weird, wacky, visually-stunning masterpiece, MirrorMask, like most Neil Gaiman fare, is perhaps an acquired taste.   A wholly unique take on Alice in Wonderland and the Wizard of Oz, it's the story of Helena Campbell, a British teenager whose parents run a circus. At first, Helena would like nothing more than to escape to real life; but then, after a terrible argument with her one night, her mother falls ill. The night of Joanne's surgery, Helena finds herself wondering through a bizarre new world; it's a world of opposites, of light and dark, one precariously balanced between them. But the balance has been upset; the Queen of Light has fallen into a deep slumber, and shadows from the Darklands are threatening to consume everything. The City of Light's only hope lies in Helena and her tagalong sidekick, traveling performer Valentine (who insists that he is a very important man, because he has a tower), finding the MirrorMask, a mystical Charm that can wake the Light Queen and restore balance between the kingdoms. Helena is sure at first that it's all just a dream, inspired by her many drawings, but as she carries out her quest, she is less and less sure. And as she catches glimpses of her world through windows, she realizes that terrible things are afoot there as well.  If the story is not the most original, it's not meant to be. It's still intriguing, and the visuals are brilliant and wacky, and the acting is fabulous (particularly the two leads, Stephanie Leonidas and Jason Barry).    While the story is the archetypal journey of Alice discovering that no matter how dull or irritating real life can be, it's still home, the world Gaiman and McKean have created is more wild and imaginative than anything Alice ever saw in Wonderland. As bizarre as it is beautiful, wonderful as it is weird, it's a trippy journey through a dark and fascinating dreamland.
B0029LHWHM|5.0|Well thought and executed look at where, if at all, a supernatural being fits into the world of science and evolutionary theory.
0061537969|5.0|Just finished this book and can hardly breathe. Just read it.  You will not be at all sorry,  What a masterpiece.
B001YV502C|1.0|This is another in the latest style of movie making - idiotic hand-held camera. Many of the scenes are so shaky they made me dizzy. I'll never understand why any director would think this is so cool. To me, it destroys the movie. Also, the story made no sense.
B000JMKNV0|5.0|Since his \\"Mystic River\\", Denis Lehane established a new level for his fiction. He is capable of writing thrillers that are sold as cheap mass market paperbacks, but his novels are far above the typical mass market paperback - which means they are good and very well written. Instead of easy chills and silly turns, the writer believes in building up a tension and developing his characters so his chills and turns are anything but gratuitous.<br /><br />\\"Shutter Island\\" is probably one of the darkest novels written by an American writer is the past few years. It is dark, scary and engaging because the plot and character development and not because Lehane pulls out of his literary top hat some magical scare. The narrative revolves around two US Marshals investigating an escaping from a mental institution. But, mind you, nothing is what it seems. Any reader shouldn't know more than that, because it could spoil the pleasure of being shocked.<br /><br />Lehane is capable of materializing our worst nightmares with his plume, and make it believable. In \\"Mystic River\\" the characters' moral question was what gave the subtext, here, this issue is strong as ever, cornering the protagonist as well the reader. When you finished - and your soul will not be the same after this road to hell - you fell like going back and reading it all over again, because you may not believe how smart it is. But, believe me, it is.
B00003CXRM|5.0|The movie is simply awesome, no other words can describe it. Love it and have watched it twice already since recieving it.
0316789704|5.0|This book teaches kids how to draw simple faces. The steps are easy to follow. My 6 year old has gained artistic confidence and has begun to make her own unique faces using the ideas she first learned from the book.
B000F9RB9Y|1.0|One word - disappointment.  FIRST, let me just say that this is not a review about the plot of the movie, like most reviews here appear to be.  This is about video and audio quality the way a BLU RAY movie should be.  The video quality is terrible; audio was nominal at best.  In fact, the DVD version on a standard DVD player and tube TV looks better.  It reminded me of how the VHS version looked after I bought my first DVD player.  I got it for $13 at BestBuy but I don't even think it was worth even that.  Do not buy this; keep or buy the DVD version.
0060974176|5.0|For interesting and thought provoking book.  The big three, as well as American in general, is reaping that which we failed to grasp 30 years ago - the need for lean and a different approach to manufacturing overall.  This book is very concise and informative with adequate data to back up its conclusions.
0340835451|2.0|It took an entire book to describe one sister's dying process and a couple of pages to describe the other???  Even the author played favorites!
B001G48G14|5.0|The audio tapes were exactly as they were described and I found them very informative.  Thank you
1932100660|1.0|Perhaps people should keep in mind that mediterranean diets have been known to contribute to long healthy active lives. They have legumes, fruits and vegetables, high fat cheese, yoghurt, lamb and poultry as important aspects of their diet. Balance is what life is all about.<br />This book adds to peoples confusion on nutrition and wellness.<br /><br />T.
B000000WG4|5.0|I can't believe this album somehow never came into my world before.  I mean, I seriously never heard about this Mike Oldfield fellow until a couple years ago.  I thought I knew 70's music pretty well, especially the early and mid part of the decade with all those amazingly influential musicians roaming about.    There's seriously some musical ideas on Tubular Bells that remind me of those adventurous feelings and dreams I'd constantly have as a kid.  Free to think about anything and everything, and let my mind float away to outer space, haha.  Come to think of it, I now know why I had so much trouble paying attention to my assignments in elementary school :)    But back to the music of Tubular Bells!  There's over 100 reviews for this album here on amazon.  WOW!  That means I don't know HOW I could have overlooked this album for as many years as I have.  Maybe I was aware of it and just didn't look up any information about it.  I can't really remember anymore.      Well, I'm hearing it now!  I must say, I'm quite impressed too.  The music most of the time goes through a series of melodic and diverse instrumental passages involving all kinds of beautiful instrumentation and variety.  It can go from a piano melody to a flute passage to... other weird things, haha.  But it's all REALLY good, because some serious talent was involved making an album like this.  I guess I can see the Pink Floyd connections, though honestly, this music reminds me more of early Alan Parsons Project as far as instrumental melody is concerned.    Well, Tubular Bells has over 100 reviews so that must mean it's popular and just darn right GOOD among most people, and that it most certainly *is* my friends.  Pick up Tubular Bells as soon as you can.  You'll be VERY happy you did.
0312427646|5.0|I suppose we all have a bit of curiosity about the most public/private person in the world. Alan Bennett has given us a plausible fantasy about how becoming a reader in later life might affect the Queen. In the process he reminds those of us who love to stick our head in a book and lose the rest of the world for awhile how seductive the tales within those pages are. How we might let pots on the stove boil over or burn dry because we can't stop turning pages. The Queen might be tempted to do her duties rather peremptorily, with the wish to get back to her book.<br />Bennet makes The Uncommon Reader, the Queen, very human, desirous of knowing more about a world in which she has seen more than most, but still regrets she didn't know something of the works by the writers she has met along the way in her duties. She discovers a whole new way of perceiving the world, and learns that those around her don't see this as the proper thing for her to do. It might even be elitist. If she isn't an elite, who is?<br />Though the book is short, Bennet makes it possible for us to know and care about the characters, though the Duke (the Queen's husband) is handled rather tersely, probably due to his reputation for not being warm and fuzzy.<br />We get a picture of what it might be like to be visited by every prime minister since Churchill. And her awareness that people often can't say to her what they like because they are overawed in her presence.<br />Bennet's book is charming, funny, and lively. A tiny book that can be read on a short flight or an evening at home, but will leave the reader with fresh ideas on the monarchy, the adventure of reading and its impact on the rest of our lives.<br />Once you've read it, pass it on.
B0017YZI7S|4.0|The previous DVD release, a Best Buy exclusive, had the same title and cover art, but included three discs, including footage from three different concerts.  This Blu-Ray release contains only one concert (which accounts for the lower price).<br /><br />If you have the Best Buy edition, you'll probably want to hang onto it, as the Blu-Ray only has about one-third of the footage.<br /><br />The concert presented here, from Austin, Texas, is a good one; although at 90 minutes you know there's a fair amount left out.  It's rare for videos to include an entire concert but I'd prefer to see the whole show and pay a bit more.<br /><br />The picture quality is what you'd expect from a high-definition broadcast, but the DVD release looked pretty good, so the difference is not stunning.  The DTS 5.1 sound mix, however, is a big improvement (uncompressed PCM stereo is also available).  I cranked this up good and loud and it's the next best thing to being there.  If you're considering getting the Blu-Ray, the audio is the best reason to do so.<br /><br />And if you're a Stones fan who missed the original release, this is a no-brainer.  The Stones perform \\"Sway\\" in concert for the first time (Keith and Ronnie had to learn the song, as Keith didn't play on the original and Ronnie hadn't joined the Stones yet).  A few other oldies (\\"Get Off My Cloud\\" and \\"Under my Thumb\\") are added to mix up the otherwise standard playlist.  At this low price, it's well worth it.
0375842209|5.0|The Book Thief is a tale of courage and survival in a time of madness. The author creates people very much like ourselves and our own neighbors who might have lived in a community not far from Dauchau. Through the eyes of death and a child, we are charged to look at ourselves as non-Jews, patriotically supporting our leaders, perhaps fearing for our own well-being and that of our loved ones or just wanting to get by as the war comes closer as we watch the endless march of starved human beings disappearing into an agony we refuse to imagine. It is a story not about the \\"bad\\" Germans, but a story of a people manipulated by the media and leaders of their time and of the few who saw through the veil of deceit and made dangerous choices for right. What choice would you have made? What choices are you making today?
B00005AR3G|5.0|This is my absolute favorite Disney movie!  It is watchable over and over, and never grows dull.  Beautiful animation, action packed, extremely funny, unpredictable!  Not too many \\"break into song cheesy\\" scenes.   The characters are extremely appealing. The evil character wasn't  grotesque, but brilliantly scheming in a silly clever way.  Definitely proud to own this one!
0739380338|5.0|After reading the Potter series I was looking for another series of books to read. I've read the Dark Tower series by Stephen King, it is now my second favorite series. The Percy Jackson series is great, especially if one is into greek mythology like me. I recommend the whole Percy Jackson & the Olympians series.
0307460444|5.0|I've tried probably a dozen or more cupcake recipes from this book.    A few people commented that their attempts at making the Vanilla Buttermilk cupcakes failed.    I made them and they were wonderful, they tasted as delicious as they looked.    Each and every recipe I baked from this book looked exactly like the picture and tasted even better.  The key to making great cupcakes is to not over bake them, and to eat them the day they are baked.  I am positive all her recipes are tested and re-tested.   I think there are a lot of Martha dislikers out there and they just can't give the woman credit.  I'd be the first to say that my attempts at making her cupcakes from this book failed, if they did, but they certainly didn't....  I am more then thrilled at how easy and luscious these recipes turned out.
B001DUJNGS|5.0|What a great album! The familiar Enigma strains can be found woven into the fabric, yet Seven Lives is a very satisfying evolution that is sufficiently different to rekindle my interest. \\"Do you love me too\\" is one of the most powerful love songs I've ever heard.  Highly recommended.  NLSC
B003YL4LYI|4.0|I read the first four books in the series back in 2009, so while I haven't waited as long as many have for this book, I've waited long enough to have pretty high expectations.  The first three books of this series are very fast-paced and well-written, arcing toward powerful climaxes and many shocking plot twists.  The fourth book, A Feast for Crows, is well-written as well but the pace slows down considerably.  Many people (myself included) were expecting that things would pick up again in A Dance with Dragons.  Unfortunately, that was not the case.  This book is as well-written as its predecessors, but the plot in ADwD moves pretty slowly until the last 25% of the book, and then cuts off abruptly with a series of cliffhangers and no resolution to any major plot points whatsoever.  GRRM has talked about having to move some chapters from this book into book 6 (\\"The Winds of Winter\\") due to length constraints, but it seems to me he could have cut about 200 pages of filler from the middle of this book in order to fit some of the missing material in.  Here are my general observations/impressions:<br /><br />Negative:<br />1. AFFC and ADWD have introduced too many characters and too many extra plotlines.  I have a hard time believing that with all of these pieces in play that GRRM will be able to wrap the series up in two more books.<br />2. For all of the foreshadowing of an epic conflict involving \\"The Others,\\" these mysterious \\"Others\\" do not make a single appearance in ADWD.  There are some references to wights, but no on-screen wights or Others at all.  If they wait to show up for much longer, everyone in Westeros will be dead from war, cold, or starvation already.<br />3. Silly \\"and then the axe came down and everything went black\\" chapter endings have proliferated to the point of being absurd.  No character in the entire series has died in his or her own POV (except for prologue/epilogue characters), and in the cases where someone dies for good, GRRM leaves no doubt.  It's a cheap way to set up a cliffhanger, but after the 10th or 15th time you just start assuming that everyone is still alive.<br />4. The much-anticipated \\"Meereenese Knot\\" is still pretty well tangled at the end of ADWD.  At the pace the Meereen plot is moving, it is difficult to imagine Dany returning to Westeros until the very end of TWOW at the earliest.<br /><br />Positive:<br />1. The Theon chapters are extremely well-written and quite haunting.  I never thought I would be \\"rooting\\" for Theon as a character after what he did in ACOK, but he manages to be redeemed by the end of ADWD through a combination of horrible suffering and unexpected heroics.<br />2. The final Jon Snow chapter is a very perplexing puzzle that has a lot going on under the surface.  Jon seems to die at the end (see point #3 on the negatives), but the way everything is set up is very mysterious and quite out of character for Jon.  I am expecting (hoping?) that the resolution of this in the next book will reveal GRRM to be a genius (and not the sloppy writer that many people are thinking).<br />3. Unlike many, I actually enjoyed the Tyrion chapters.  The pace does begin somewhat slow, but throughout his journey to Meereen he undergoes quite a bit of character development and starts to think of himself more in terms of his abilities than of his lineage as a Lannister.<br />4. The quality of GRRM's writing hasn't lagged at all, and this book was a very dramatic page-turner up until the very end.<br /><br />Overall:<br />This is a well-written book that will provide hours of enjoyable reading.  The plotlines do start slow but things start accelerating in the last quarter of the book.  My main complaint is that the book seemed to be \\"lopped off\\" at the end.  Picture AGOT ending with Ned still in prison, or ASOS fading to black as Arya is approaching Riverrun for her uncle's wedding.  If each major plotline (The Wall, Meereen, Winterfell, King's Landing) could have had one more chapter, Ithink that many people would be feeling a lot more positive about this book.  Some of the mid-book plots seem to get lost a bit and could have been compressed IMHO.  I did enjoy the book and am looking forward to the next one in the series, but I am highly doubtful that \\"A Song of Ice and Fire\\" will be finished in seven books given the lack of overall plot movement in ADWD.<br /><br />Kindle Edition:<br />The Kindle version is quite good, with no errors in typesetting or formatting that I could see.  The only downside of the Kindle version vs the print version would be the maps; they are somewhat difficult to read on the Kindle screen.
B000AP04OM|4.0|Obviously . . . this is a classic movie and its fantastic! BUT! Beware . . .  shipping is SUPER slow
032147404X|5.0|The digital Photography Book is a great source for getting better photos.  I read this book in two days and immediately put what I had learned to work.  After just a little practice, I was able to sell my first photograph to a local shop owner. I definitely recommend this book to anyone wanting to take better pictures or even getting into professional photography. Scott Kelby does a great job of giving the information in a fun and straight forward manners.  He is an amazing photographer and excellent teacher.  I'm looking forward to reading books 2 and 3 as well.
B00011KHTM|5.0|Received adapter in same condition as described by seller. Fast shipping. Very pleased with my purchase and I would buy from this seller again.
0446310786|1.0|honestly, I don't like it.  because it has somebody else's name on the side of the book....really annoy
B001SGEUNI|1.0|How can this be called a rock album? it sounds like every other song on top forty radio, it sounds nothing like Heart,but sounds like Evenessance, Pink,and every other band that is out right now...
B00003CX9E|3.0|There is a lot to like in Citizen Kane if you are a film student or historian.  The plot isn't bad either and Orson Wells broke a few molds getting this film out.  If you study film history, this is the one for you.  If you are looking for some entrancing entertainment, there are better choices.  I've seen the film 5 times and each time I ask myself, so, where's all this best film of all time stuff located.  In the beginning?  Middle?  Ending?  Rosebud?    Like all art, film can exist on many levels.  Kane is perfect for the classroom but not necessarily your living room.  It is a better movie than the Oscar winner for that year, 'How Green was my Valley', but not better than 'The Little Foxes', 'The Maltese Falcon', 'Sullivan's Travels' or 'Sergeant York' all released in the same year.    I might have given Kane 4 or 5 stars but I'm revolting from the politically correct ratings and giving you my honest opinion.  All 5 of the other films mentioned in this review will give you more viewing pleasure.  I've been collecting and studying film for over 35 years so this review is not from a Star Wars generation type person.
0061122416|5.0|\\"When a person really desires something, all the universe conspires to help that person realize his dream,\\" the Alchemist.<br /><br />The underlying theme of this magical, entertaining and spiritually-based book is such that one can't help but realize that we each have a destiny and our only responsibility is to fulfill our calling.<br /><br />Join the shepherd boy who discovers his hidden passion and how the universe conspired him to to realize his dream in the most amazing ways.<br /><br />From helping a shop owner increase business, to meeting the love of his life, to being accosted by bandits and finally realizing his dream, the shepherd boy lives in each of us.<br /><br />Will you heed your calling? Find out by reading The Alchemist. You will be very glad you did.
B001L5U15M|5.0|After researching what seems like every bag, which claims to have been made for storing, carrying, and protecting a 2 camera system with the lens attached, this one finally spells sweet success!!! I have been through several bags from lots of different manufactures and this Tamrac Velocity 10X does it all and then some! Not only does it carry, and protect my two cameras with their lens attached, it does so while providing easy access for swift camera switch out, no wasted time or effort....no missed shots! It also has plenty of room for all the accessories I feel needed for any shooting assignment, filters, flashes, LumiQuest diffuser kits, extra batteries, chargers, lens, cleaning kits, memory cards and lots more! I also use the Tamrac's M.A.S. compatible products system which allows for even more room to plan for the unexpected! For my needs this is all the bag I will ever need. Only one feature could be added......a tripod attachment, but this is by no means a deal breaker......it is just a great 2 camera bag system!!!
B001VLXNLU|5.0|OMG I swear this is the bes book ever!  From the moment i bought it on my kendle(witch im writing on rigth now),Ii couldn put it down and ive rerad it over 3 times!
0345337581|5.0|THE MEMORY BOOK teaches a \\"trick\\" for memorizing almost any piece of information.  I'm a high school teacher, and I always use the book's method for memorizing my students' names.  This includes such jewels as \\"Shaquisha.\\"  The book is also great for memorizing history facts (including dates), and vocabulary terms.  You can also memorize shopping lists, which is a good thing to do just to keep in practice.     I studied this book when I was a teenager (back in the '70s), and I have used it ever since.  This year, I ordered several copies as gifts for my favorite students.          What the Book WON'T Do    I guess everything has limits.  THE MEMORY BOOK won't actually improve your ability to remember things EFFORTLESSLY.  That kind of memory is a biological fact--you either remember the casual remark you made to Mary three weeks ago or else you don't.  (I don't.)  Instead, THE MEMORY BOOK is about memorizing things \\"on purpose\\" -- like studying for a test or even remembering the six items you need to buy at the grocery store.
0783229526|5.0|Awesome trip into the world of Dr. Gonzo and his assistant. Hilarious movie, but not for kids. My favorite part was the pathetic attempt to operate civilly while in the depths of ether.
1416914307|5.0|I thought there was a lot of growth in this third book of the series.  The \\"big\\" issue of Claire and Jace being siblings was obviously solved in the first book by the reader, but had not been revealed to the characters until the end of this one.  Regardless, there were many other questions to be answered that were successfully solved and explained in this one.  I thought Clare did a great job of resolving these in a unique and interesting way (I won't elaborate).  I was sadden by the choice of character the author decided would die, but after thinking about it, I suppose it would have been the most logical.<br /><br />Overall, I found all three books action packed and entertaining.
B000WGWQG8|2.0|I loved the book so I was looking forward to the series with great interest, however the writers of the series apparently never read David McCullough's book. John Adams as written by the script writers and played by Paul Giamatti is overly stubborn and vain, yes the real Adams was stubborn and vain but if he was as stubborn as played in the show; nobody would have had worked with him. The series skips over big chunks of Adams' life and areas of historial interest (his renew of his friendship of Jefferson is hardly mention.) instead Giamatti goes around scolding people.    One bright spot is Laura Linney's Abigail Adams, it's dead on; from what I have read about old Abby you didn't mess with her or her family.
B00005JKHP|3.0|Me again. I am regaining intrest of the Star Trek franchise. I used to watch The Next Generation when I was younger, but didn't catch on to Deep Space Nine, Voyager, or Enterprise. I recently rented the director's edition of the first film on DVD, via, Netflix, and saw it with a visiting friend. It was decent, but not as much of a good start in a sci-fi series as Star Wars. It takes place years after the original television show from the 1960's. Captain James T. Kirk (William Shatner) was promoted to Admaril and the crew fell apart. When an alien cloud known as the V'ger begins destroying everything in sight, Kirk returns to the starship Enterprise crew to solve this mystery. Kirk was reunited with Spock (Neonard Nimoy), Dr. Leonard \\"Bones\\" McCoy (DeForest Kelly), and everyone else, but tension grows when the current captain Willard Decker (Stephen Collins) becomes Kirk's temporary assistaint. They meet the Enterprise newcomer Ilia (Persis Khambatta) joins in as the new navigator. When a probe captures Ilia, a cyborg posed as her to study the crew and Decker reveals that he has romantic feelings for her. Spock takes a spacewalk to study the probe telepathically and discovers that the V'ger is a living machine. In this entry, the visual effects and score by Jerry Goldsmith were neat ideas, but seeing the original crew for the first time in years is the highlight of the film. This is also the most kid friendly in the franchise, and doesn't have much action. Plus, this is also the only film in the series to be rated G by The MPAA. The direcor's edition, like most of the darker, grittier, and better sequels, is rated PG, a big coincidence, but the G rating should have remained. This entry is best suited for kids, but as for adults, please rent it first.
B000BCC6H2|5.0|If you need 120mm color film, this is what you're looking for! Just be aware that you will probably have to load this film by hand, and unless you or a friend has a darkroom you will have to send it away to be developed.
B0028SVXR6|4.0|octahedron is not the best mars volta album, not by a longshot.  however there are some interesting elements on the album, of course.  i am rather disappointed in the lack of presence from other band members.  also, the 'pop' structure of some of the songs does lend a couple of them tiresome after repeated listens.  1) since we've been wrong 7/10 - i like the idea of this song, but after repeated listens it's just my least favorite song on the album now. i still appreciate the volume editing in the song, especially the start of the second verse.  the song did not need to introduce drums either.  2) teflon 10/10 - this is my favorite song on the album.  i love the drums and machine-like revving in the beginning.  around 3-4 minutes, the song becomes amazing and a volta classic.  please turn this into a jam at shows.  3) halo of nembutals 8/10 - a decent song that grew on me, but i grow tired of the chorus.  the lyrics (again this broken trust, heartbreak stuff) are pretty intense \\"what a foul little temptress, your daughter's become\\"  4) with twilight as my guide 8/10 - i immediately liked this song, just because it's so haunting.  i also appreciate the escalation of the vocals in the chorus. ikey plays the last couple minutes out well.  5) cotopaxi 8/10 - billed as a 'single' type song, i still really enjoy this.  it reminds me of 'wax simulacra' but a little better.  thomas does the best job in this song.  6) desperate graves 8/10 - intially i thought this was the best song on the album, but again, the pop sounds/structure of it turn me off a little bit now.  don't get me wrong, it is still a brilliant song, but i just played it out too early.  this might be some of cedric's best vocal work, ever.  7) copernicus 7/10 - a slow, mood conveying song.  i could do without the drum machine though, only because it's more annoying than productive.  8) luciforms 9/10 - my second favorite song on the album.  the first lyric in the song is classic.  plus, this is really the only song with an omar solo, which you realize by the end is a disappointment.    de-loused in the comatorium 10/10  frances the mute 10/10  amputecture 8/10  the bedlam in goliath 9/10  octahedron 8/10
B001PPGAIK|5.0|This movie is a love story that teaches an important history lesson as well.  WWII and the attack of Darwin is an important part of Australia's history.  A sad part of the Aboriginal culture's history is also told.  Get your tissues ready.  Hugh Jackman is amazing as usual.
B000N6TYLW|4.0|I am a huge fan of the Gilmore Girls, and I highly recommend the show for its great plot lines, crazy characters, snappy dialogue, and many other reasons. Unfortunately, season seven is a disappointing ending. Instead of tying up loose ends, as one might expect in the last season of a television show, the people in charge decided to leave all the ends loose. As the season goes on it seems less and less like Gilmore Girls, and more forced, as if they were just trying to do what they needed to do. This is very disappointing. I will probably still watch season 7 again, but unless you're a die-hard fan of the show you probably don't need to own this particular season.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This is, without a doubt, my new favorite series! I started watching the show before reading any of the books. As I write this, I have only read the 1st book. The show does make changes but I found them to be good ones. Some of the changes add depth & they expand on some of the characters. Those that I have spoken to that have read & love the books still love the show. I find the show to be a refreshing look at vampires. Far from the usual movies & shows we are used to. This is filled with romance, murder, violence, sex... you name it, this show has it! I look forward to it every week & now with the DVD collection, I can watch it during the off season as well. Excellent cast too!
B000N3ST7A|5.0|Stevie Nicks, I would not have wanted to grow up without her.I love the older versions of songs and music the best when music was still magic and the artists weren't all polished up.Fleetwood Mac, Stevie Nicks, Aerosmith,Tesla,Peter Phrampton...the first times were the best.    :K
0385341008|3.0|This novel is a slow start, but it grows on you and I found it absorbing .  I finished it and realized I had learned something new about WW II that I had not known.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|This is a simple product meant to improve the PS3s dualshock controller, and works great at it. Besides that, it's cheap and looks like it's an original part of the controller. Once you pop it in, it's no longer an accesory, it unnoticeably becomes part of the controller, giving you extra precision and control.<br /><br />Highly recommended for all of your controllers.
1932100660|5.0|This book is great!  I read it almost cover to cover.  Meat basically effects every disease or ailment the same so towards the end the info got a bit redundant and I began skimming.  I thoroughly enjoyed the wealth of scientific data and the depth of information put forward.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone trying to improve their health and way of life.  Even if you end up somehow disagreeing with the authors conclusions it's a stimulating read all the same and will probably get you rethinking your health.<br /><br />EDIT:  Knowing what I know now (I pretty much study nutrition and health as a hobby), I've come to believe that the view of meat (as it relates to health and disease) as expressed in this book, is mostly related to meats not raised free range, grass fed, or fed organic non-gmo grains.  So although I don't 100% agree with the points expressed in this book anymore, I would still recommend this book as part of a well rounded study of nutrition.
B0016Q2D5M|2.0|There really is no plot to this- just action. That's it, action pure and simple. Not much characterization or progression. When it ended I asked myself - what was the point? I even liked the original Journey to the Center of the Earth more. At least that's a classic for a reason.
B00005JO20|2.0|king kong is a long and sometimes boring movie.i wish i would have been a 90 or a little more min. movie.addition to this its story is too classical.
B000U1ZV8K|4.0|I was happy with the speed in which I received the item.  I watched the DVD's ahead of time (it is a birthday present) and unfortunately one of them has a glitch at the same place in the movie which makes it impossible to forward through or go to the next frame so the third movie is not completely watchable, disappointing.
B000P0J0EW|4.0|this is an interesting film that i have watched many times and i will without being bored.the shawshank redemption shows us the importance of HOPE and it is a serious work i think; however there are a little more goofs in it.but it is okey.
B00013F38K|3.0|Unfortunately, the image framing is not original, and severely impacts the content of this memorable work.    Whoever decided to alter the aspect ratio, basically missed the point of restoring and reissuing this or any other television series.     Please reissue on Blue Ray at the original aspect ratio. Don't damage the work this way.
B001U0HBPG|4.0|I think anything is believable; it's all in the way the story is told. 'The Curious Case of Benjamin Button' is just such a story. And besides, we want to believe in that which touches the heart, scares us half to death or brings sidesplitting laughter. This is why we love to watch movies. It is why the best of them appear to be timeless.<br /><br />This film is excellent on every level. The story was handled perfectly. It is a rich and expansive tale. One might think that time is the subject here, but in truth, it is nothing more than another great love story. `Nothing more' because it doesn't get lost in it's circumstances. The direction of David Fincher wrings every bit of energy and emotion from the cast that allows this story to thrive.<br /><br />Brad Pitt crafts an unforgettable performance as 'Benjamin Button'. It is perhaps, his finest work to date. He creates an even-tempered, and sophisticated man.<br />A man who thirsts for a knowledge and understanding of a world that seems upside down, but that also has dropped great compassion on his doorstep.<br /><br />Taraji Henson is outstanding as the mother that recognizes beauty, the future and the hand of god in her son's disposition. Mahershalalhashbaz Ali compliments Hensen's 'Queenie' as 'Tizzy', the other man in her life. Jared Harris is 'Captain Mike' who in the proverbial split-second decision becomes Benjamin's mentor in the ways of the world.<br /><br />Menageries of characters pass through `Benjamin's' world. It is they who are rambunctious and animated. They show Benjamin the aspects of life that can easily be missed, and thus bypass the great experiences that life offer. It is Benjamin who realizes that one must be brave enough to grasp these opportunities.<br /><br />'Benjamin Button' was a movie I had read about, seen the trailers for and was convinced I shouldn't see. I thought I knew pretty much all there was to know already. It wasn't long into the film that I knew I was wrong. With the end credits came the realization that I had just experienced an incredible story.perienced an incredible story.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|After seeing several versions of Jane Eyre, I would have to say this one is by far my favorite!<br />The cast was excellently done, with no big names making the movie over the top. The sense of mystery, danger, sadness and occasional romance all balance out perfectly - to create a well rounded presentation of this great story.<br /><br />Toby Stephens has a very sexy, brooding, Hugh Jackman-esque quality to him. He was well chosen for the part, and is very passionate in his role - a believable Mr. Rochester with fire and ice smouldering in one.<br />Ruth Wilson was equally well chosen, as Jane Eyre. She has a simplistic beauty and sophistication that lends her to the role, in a quiet but strong way.<br />The backstory needed to understand the meat of the film, and some of it's characters, is well presented through dream sequences and \\"re-told memories.\\" There is no lacking for depth in this version.<br /><br />It is impossible to not get wrapped up in the developing mystery of the creepy Thornfield Hall...impossible not to hate some of the more dastardly and vindictive women in the story.... impossible not to feel the tangible romance and attraction that develops. I tore through this film (2 disc) in one whirlwind night, and loved every second of it!!
0765350386|5.0|I loved this trilogy.  Brandon Sanderson is officially my favorite author at this point.  Since I have finished all of his books now, I would love to find another author I can read that has a similar style of writing with great plot development.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Ok, I think I'm relatively 'fit', but Level 1 kicked my butt!  Love this DVD, can't wait to do it again, and I'm sooooo quiting Golds Gym!  20 min and I'm done with a workout?  No getting in the car, driving to the gym, find a parking space etc.<br /><br />I also love Jullian's strong attitude - no aerobic bunny here!  She tells ya like it is .. don't stop, keep going!<br /><br />This DVD is worth your time :-)
B0000DJZA5|5.0|FIRST OF ALL, LET ME SAY I AM A PURIST IN EVERY SENSE OF THE WORD. I CEASED BEING A BASEBALL FAN SHORTLY AFTER THE INCLUSION OF THE DESIGNATED HITTER. THAT TURNED OUT TO BE A GOOD DECISION AS THE SPORT DETERIORATED INTO THE INTER-LEAGUE PLAY MESS THAT IT IS. WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH THIS REVIEW? I AM JUST TRYING TO REVEAL THAT I MAY BE A LITTLE RESISTANT TO CHANGE.NOT ALL CHANGE. JUST CHANGE THAT DOES NOTHING FOR IMPROVEMENT.    I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A PURIST. I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A BEATLES FAN. WHILE LET IT BE IS NOT AT THE TOP OF MY LIST, I ALWAYS LIKED SOME OF THE SONGS. HOWEVER, THE ALBUM ALWAYS FELT TO ME TO BE EXACTLY WHAT IT WAS. AN ALBUM RELEASED FOLLOWING THE DEMISE OF A BAND. A SHELVED PRODUCT THAT NEVER RECEIVED IT'S PROPER DUE WHEN IT WAS UNSHELVED. I WAS SKEPTICAL AT FIRST WHEN THE NAKED VERSION WAS RELEASED. BUT CHANGE THAT LEADS TO IMPROVEMENT IS WORTHY CHANGE INDEED.    HAVING NEVER WRITTEN A REVIEW BEFORE, I WAS COMPELLED BECAUSE OF ALL THE BASHING. BEING A PURIST IS FINE. ESCHEWING LIGHT BULBS FOR CANDLES IS JUST PLAIN STUBBORN.    NAKED IS SUPERB. FROM IT'S SOUND QUALITY TO IT'S TRACK LISTING AND MOSTLY TO IT'S OMISSIONS. IF YOU DON'T AGREE, ASK YOURSELF THIS. SUPPOSE THIS ALBUM WAS RELEASED IN 1970 AND THE 1970 VERSION WAS RELEASED AFTER THAT. WHICH IS THE TRAVESTY?
B000274THQ|5.0|An excellent film that's easy to watch, thought-provoking, very humourous and with many moving moments on both a personal and profound historical level.      The film begins during pre-unification tensions in East Germany.  As the children's father has already defected, the result is that the deserted mother pours her life and soul into the socialist ideal.  With this as a background we are then brought into the reunification of East and West Germany under the guise of keeping a fragile mother, a dedicated party loyalist who's been in a coma for 8 months, under the illusion that the East and West are still separate - when in fact the wall has come down already and society has changed.  The effort to keep up the facade for the sake of her well-being (she has suffered a heart attack already and the doctor warns against any further shock) proves difficult under the new conditions of having merged with the West.  In the children's effort to keep up and even create the illusion of pre-unification East Germany for 'her well-being', the audience is brought into the world that was.      This is the kind of film that educates, enlightens and entertains, as it acknowledges a reality from 'the other side' and certainly one that once lurked deep in the subconscious of the whole world.  It's scope goes beyond East and West Germany.  For anyone that lived through the cold war, this film will stir your soul and cause you to marvel at what has been and how time changes the face of reality.
B001PPLIEG|2.0|After his performance in Casino Royal, Craig must have still been asleep in making this flic.  Just not as rousing as Bond movies should be.
B001DJLCPO|4.0|Mirrormask is a wonderful film, but it is not for everyone. Over the years, I have created a subcategory of film I call \\"the slow-moving fable.\\" What fits in that category?  \\"Coraline.\\" \\"Willow.\\" \\"Waterhorse,\\" \\"Labyrinth.\\" Much of Miyazaki's resume, ( \\"My Neighbor Totoro,\\" \\"Howl's Moving Castle\\", etc.). To a certain extent, \\"The Lord of the Rings,\\" although LOTR's dynamic action sequences make it a different critter. The pinnacles of this genre, IMO: \\"Dark Crystal\\" and \\"Spirited Away.\\" You should notice thematic threads running through these. Thoughtful (some would say slow) pacing, a sense of wonder, quests, personal discoveries, and the classic fairy-tale theme of surrender of self to a greater cause. Not to say these films don't contain exhilarating sequences, but action is not the reason they exist.    What keeps \\"Mirrormask\\" and the aforementioned films from being for everyone is that they do move at a deliberate pace, lacking the whiz-bang factor of a adventure film or Disney cartoon. If you looked a the above list, and said \\"Yeah, those are great,\\" \\"Mirrormask\\" is a must. If you *didn't* like those films, it's a sure bet you'll dislike \\"Mirrormask.\\"     A caveat: if you enjoy watching films from strictly a visual standpoint, \\"Mirromask\\" is amazing. It's a Dave McKean comic book come to life, in the same way (although stylistically VERY different) that \\"Sin City\\" and \\"Dick Tracy\\" put their visual source material faithfully on screen.    Bottom line: do you like Neil Gaiman and Jim Henson? You already own this film. Do you like the old fairy tales? You should own this. Do your tastes run exclusively to \\"Terminator,\\" \\"Transformers\\" and \\"Pirates of the Caribbean\\"?   Save your money. (Nothing wrong at all with those films, I love 'em. Just fishing for examples)    But, for those willing to give it a chance on its own terms, \\"Mirrormask\\" is a revelation. For film-buff parents, think of it as your child's first art house movie. But you'll have a blast too.
0143113100|5.0|Very interesting research, especially for ADD and ADHD and Autistic children.  Offers hope for normalization.  Also offers hope for those subject to memory loss in later years.  I appreciate that there are computer programs in place that we can access and use.  The most enlightening information has to do with the way the brain will change itself and develop new patterns depending on how we choose to use our energies and time.
0316017922|4.0|PROs    1. Great stories.  Canadian hockey, Bill Gates, Gladwell's own mother etc. I have read all of Gladwell's books (Tipping Point, Blink, and now Outliers), he is masterful at story telling. LOVE IT! I really enjoy the stories he tells about the people portrayed within this book.  It really brings the book alive.    2. Gladwell is never afraid to take an unpopular view point.  (This book pretty much attacks the notion of the American dream, Read the epilogue, if you don' agree).    3. The 10,000 hr rule.  Hard work does pay off!  Gladwell goes on to argue that only people in extraordinary circumstances can acquire this extraordinary echelon.    CONs    1.  I don't necessarily believe that adequate general conclusions can be drawn from a group of outliers and still represent a culture appropriately.
B0028SVXR6|3.0|It took a few spins, but ultimatly, I think this is my least favorite Volta album. But even my least favorite doesn't mean it's bad.
B001R0KH3M|5.0|I have been a Stevie Wonder admirer for many years and I have also seen him live in concert.  It is really an honor to now be able to see a great Stevie Wonder concert whenever I wish.  I also loved the special pleasure of seeing his beautiful daughter, Aisha Morris, perform.
0316010669|5.0|Nevermind the armchair critics, the nitpicking ninnies, and the wannabe eggheads who pooh-pooh this book. \\"Blink\\" is a powerful book. It is comprises a spectrum of anecdotes about how people think before they start \\"thinking.\\" Gladwell has taken a narrow psychological topic and turned it into a thrilling page-turner. Most important, \\"Blink\\" has changed the way that I think. Few books do that.
B001UREJWM|5.0|Heaven and Hell and Mob Rules are two of my all-time favorite CDs, and I must admit that my expectations were not very high that the Dio-led Sabs could make a strong record 25 years later..... but they DID!!  The CD is not at the level of the original two, but it is still great, and they deserve huge kudos for pulling it off.  The creative spark is back, with monster riffs, bludgeoning bass lines, multi-layered vocals, catchy hooks, interesting solos, multi-faceted songs, etc.  Great job guys, can't wait to see these killer tracks live!
0855329483|5.0|Fabulous book!  The only one I need to do silk ribbon embroidery.  It is so full of information and easy to use.  The book is constructed to stay open and flat while using it.  I am anxious to get started!
B0024F08RO|2.0|*****FULL OF SPOILERS****FULL OF SPOILERS*******FULL OF SPOILERS******<br /><br />I have watched Prison Break since the beginning, and it was one of my all-time favorite shows. I have watched all the seasons on DVD, instead of on a weekly schedule.<br /><br />If you read my 5-star review of Season 3, you will know that I stopped watching at the end of Season 2, because I read that Sarah was going to get killed in Season 3.  Many fans abandoned the show at that point.<br /><br />I picked up the show again because I heard they had brought Sarah back, and I hoped that Prison Break could hook me again as they did in Season 1.  And they did.  Season 3 was very good (especially because I knew Sarah would be back), although not as good as the first season.<br /><br />Anyway, I planned to write a very detailed review as to why Season 4 fails so completely, but I have already wasted too much time on Prison Break.  It's time for me to break free from the nightmare that was this season.<br /><br />My opinion of this season does not only rest on the fact that they bring Sarah back at the beginning of the Season to then kill Michael off at the end of it; but also because of everything that happens in between.  Slower pace, improbable story lines, ridiculous twists.  Ok, even though I wasn't going to bother, let me give you some examples:<br /><br />1.  Season 3 was all about getting LJ safely back.  From the beginning of Season 4, the company poses a huge threat to Michael, and Lincoln.  In fact the General orders a hit on all the people that knew anything about the company.  Lincoln seems totally unconcerned about Sofia and LJ.  Sofia is hardly mentioned until almost the end of the season when they show her being held by the company.  And as for LJ, Lincoln makes some kind of comment that he can take care of himself, sometime halfway through the season.  I don't know how a 16-year old could have learned to take care of himself from the company from the end of season 3 and beginning of season 4 (a span of about 3 weeks, according to what Michael mentions at the onset of Season 4).<br /><br />2.  We get to see how Sarah escapes Gretchen, through flashbacks.  She is shown being tortured in a shack; and a female guard getting killed in front of her eyes.  This female guard's head is the one sent to Lincoln in a box.  The guard has long, blond hair.  The writers did not even bother to write in a dark-haired look alike.  Also, I guess they forgot that in Season 3, LJ had told Lincoln that Sarah had been killed in front of him....that he had closed his eyes and not looked but had heard it.  LJ is not shown at all being present in the shack.<br /><br />3.  T-Bag poses as a top salesman for a motivational company, as his office is the gateway to the tunnel leading to Scylla.  I won't go into the details here of how utterly ridiculous and unbelievable this was... just imagine T-Bag playing a white-collar executive...and see if you buy it.  In one scene, T-Bag asks \\"was I believable?...\\"  and the answer is \\"I don't know, but you sure had a lot of people fooled\\".  This is ironically, one of the most authentic scenes of the season.<br /><br />4.  Bellik turns into Mother Teresa in Season 4.  And everyone mourns his death, including T-Bag who cries about it.<br /><br />5.  Christina Scofield, Lincoln's and Michael's mom is not dead, but alive working for the company, and money/power hungry.<br /><br />6. Lincoln and Michael are not brothers.<br /><br />7. Michael gets a brain tumor operation, and does not have a single stitch showing on his head.  I know this because we get a close-up of the back of his head while he's trying to open a side door on a container loaded unto a truck.  Oh yes, and he jumps out, and runs around like if he had not brain surgery a few days before.<br /><br />8.  Paul Kellerman, former hitman, is not only the one that brings immunity to the team, but becomes a U.S. Congressman, 4 years after the return of Scylla.  The wife ofone of his victims spits on his face, in full view of cameras and reporters.<br /><br />I could go on and on, but the list is too long, and the examples even more absurd, and therefore too long to explain in a short review.<br /><br />The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the actors continued to give excellent performances; they just had the worst material to work with.<br /><br />We have always had to suspend belief when watching Prison Break.  I had to suspend my disbelief that this season was written by the same team who brought us the first 3 seasons; and finally accept that Prison Break was hopelessly and utterly broken.<br /><br />By the way, if you do decide to watch this season, then go ahead and watch Prison Break:  The Final Break, as well (I also wrote a separate review on that).  It might soothe some of the disappointment you will feel after finishing Season 4; not because it's a great addition to the series, it's just another failure from the writers and a huge insult to the fans' intelligence.  If you think I'm exaggerating, just know that the premise of this 2-hour movie is Michael getting Sarah out of prison for the murder of Christina Scofield.  Sarah, if you remember, had received full immunity, along with the rest of the team, for getting Scylla back.  There are only 2 good reasons for watching this pitiful addition to the series:  1. If you watched Prison Break from the beginning, and want to come full circle.  And 2.  Most importantly, to watch a videotaped message from Michael addressed to Sarah and Lincoln, which seems to be addressed to all Prison Break fans as well. Those fans that followed the show, loved it, and hated what they did with it at the end.<br /><br />\\"We are free, finally.\\"and on, but the list is too long, and the examples even more absurd, and therefore too long to explain in a short review.    The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the actors continued to give excellent performances; they just had the worst material to work with.    We have always had to suspend belief when watching Prison Break.  I had to suspend my disbelief that this season was written by the same team who brought us the first 3 seasons; and finally accept that Prison Break was hopelessly and utterly broken.     By the way, if you do decide to watch this season, then go ahead and watch Prison Break:  The Final Break, as well (I also wrote a separate review on that).  It might soothe some of the disappointment you will feel after finishing Season 4; not because it's a great addition to the series, it's just another failure from the writers and a huge insult to the fans' intelligence.  If you think I'm exaggerating, just know that the premise of this 2-hour movie is Michael getting Sarah out of prison for the murder of Christina Scofield.  Sarah, if you remember, had received full immunity, along with the rest of the team, for getting Scylla back.  There are only 2 good reasons for watching this pitiful addition to the series:  1. If you watched Prison Break from the beginning, and want to come full circle.  And 2.  Most importantly, to watch a videotaped message from Michael addressed to Sarah and Lincoln, which seems to be addressed to all Prison Break fans as well. Those fans that followed the show, loved it, and hated what they did with it at the end.     \\"We are free, finally.\\"
B001JNNDBA|5.0|Donnie Darko is an excellent movie for people who like to think and have an open mind to see outside of the box dealing with everyday life. I have seen this movie hundreds of times. I have bought it multiple times. The blu ray version is gorgeous. It has a great clear picture and the sound is amazing.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I bought the four book for my Kindle after seeing the movie. I read them all within a week. All are very well written and hard to put down once you start. Just read the chapters that are online for Midnight Sun and can't wait for SM to release it in its entirety as well. The negative reviews, IMO, left about this book in particular are an injustice for a great book. I would recommend the entire series to anyone, from teen to adult.
B0000042MY|5.0|This is one of the best soundtracks available.<br />Jerry McCulley's review is regrettable.
B00005K3OT|4.0|Vianne Rocher (Juliette Binoche) comes with her daughter to a quiet little village in France where people value Tranquilit&eacute; - Tranquility. Just before Lent she opens a chocolatier that will turn the town upside down.<br /><br />-----------------------<br />Vianne Rocher: And these are for your husband. Unrefined cacao nips from Guatemala, to awaken the passions.<br />Yvette Marceau: Psshh. You've obviously never met my husband.<br />Vianne Rocher: Well, you've obviously never tried these.<br />===============================<br /><br />Comte de Reynaud (Alfred Molina) sees her as a threat to the morals and tranquility the people of Flavigny-sur-Ozerain treasure. He starts a crusade against her, and against a group of vagabonds headed by Roux (Johnny Depp) who arrive by boat. When Vianne Rocher befriends them, a line is drawn in the sand:<br /><br />-----------------<br />Comte de Reynaud: Let me try to put this into perspective for you. The first Comte de Reynaud expelled all the radical Huguenots in this village. You and your truffles present a far lesser challenge.<br />=============================<br /><br />But to paraphrase Oscar Wilde, \\"I can resist everything, except chocolat.\\"<br /><br />I like everything about this film, and everyone in it is chock full o' talent. Somehow, though, the whole was equal to less than the sum of its parts. And less was not more, less was less. Was it too many cooks spoil la mousse au chocolat? This was an attempt to create a fable, and that is a very delicate thing. Like a chocolat souffl&eacute;, someone slams a door and the whole thing collapses. Maybe it was just me. Your mileage may vary.<br /><br />Speaking of fables, Edward Scissorhands, for me, now, there was a fable. Johnny Depp was fabulous in it. Sometimes you can't create a fable, you just have to use your divining rod and find one. Sometimes the magic just doesn't work, especially when you set out to create a fable. Chocolat is magic, but too much chocolat is just an overdose.<br /><br />Lasse Hallstr&ouml;m made this after The Cider House Rules, and as they were filming, they learned that they had 7 Oscar nominations, and would win for Michael Caine, best supporting actor, and the script by John Irving. Chocolat would also garner five nominations, but no wins. Lasse Hallstr&ouml;m is married to Lena Olin, who plays Josephine in Chocolat.<br /><br />I don't fault him for that, or think it adversely affected the film, I just mention it because you can tell that everyone is having a great time making the film, Chocolat. They are literally making chocolat, and eating chocolat, too. It is a family affair, with old friends reuniting, and new friendships being forged.<br /><br />Juliette Binoche and Lena Olin both appeared together in The Unbearable Lightness of Being, where they were two corners of a love triangle with Daniel Day-Lewis. Olin played Sabina, the one who wore her grandfather's derby while making love.<br /><br />Lasse Hallstr&ouml;m had worked with Johnny Depp before, when he directed him in What's Eating Gilbert Grape? In Chocolat, Johnny finally gets to play guitar, and we hear him do some blues and Django Reinhardt's Minor Swing. It is a real treat to hear Depp play Le Jazz Hot, and he is not half bad. He has some great vintage guitars and a Dobro.<br /><br />Peter Stormare is great as Josephine's husband, a wife beater. He is not quite a scary as he was in Fargo, but he is scary enough, and also a little sad. Alfred Molina is kind of an uptight wet blanket, but you can see that he is just an insufferable self righteous buzz kill because he is sad. Nothing that a little, or a lot, of chocolat won't cure.<br /><br />---------------------------<br />Vianne Rocher: [to the Comte de Reynaud] Ah, good morning. Can I interest you in some nipples of Venus?<br />==============================================<br /><br />Judi Dench is fabulous, as usual, and so is Leslie Caron, though her part is so small I didn't even notice her. The director apologized that her part was so small. She was in Gershwin's An American in Paris with Gene Kelly, directed by Vincente Minnelli. She starred in Lerner and Loewe's Gigi with Maurice Chevalier, also directed by Liza's dad and Judy Garland's husband, for goodness sake! I haven't even mentioned Daddy Long Legs with Fred Astaire! Leslie Caron is a legend of the silver screen!<br /><br />With all the fabulousness on display, you'd think that they could create a decent fable.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000BX8R1A The Chumscrubber]] (2005) .... Carrie-Anne Moss was Jerri Falls<br />... aka Gl&uuml;ck in kleinen Dosen (Germany)<br />[[ASIN:B000035Z38 Mystery Men]] (1999) .... Lena Olin was Dr. Annabel Leek<br />[[ASIN:B00007ELEL The Big Lebowski]] (1998) .... Peter Stormare was Nihilist #1, Uli Kunkel/'Karl Hungus'<br />[[ASIN:B00005Q79A What's Eating Gilbert Grape]] (1993) .... Johnny Depp was Gilbert Grape, Directed by Lasse Hallstr&ouml;m<br />[[ASIN:630516195X Damage]] (1992) .... Juliette Binoche was Anna Barton, Leslie Caron was Elizabeth Prideaux, and Peter Stormare was Peter Wetzler<br />[[ASIN:B00004U8P8 Edward Scissorhands (Widescreen Anniversary Edition)]] (1990) .... Johnny Depp was Edward Scissorhands<br />[[ASIN:B000069I01 The Unbearable Lightness of Being]] (1988) .... Juliette Binoche was Tereza and Lena Olin was Sabina, who wore the derby<br />[[ASIN:B0001V6ZJI Prick Up Your Ears]] (1987) .... Alfred Molina was Kenneth Halliwell<br />Mitt liv som hund (1985) was directed by Lasse Hallstr&ouml;m<br />... aka [[ASIN:6305228868 My Life as a Dog]] (Canada: English title) (USA)<br />[[ASIN:B00004RF9F An American in Paris]] (1951) .... Leslie Caron was Lise Bouvier<br /><br />---------------------------<br />Vianne Rocher: [to the Comte de Reynaud] Ah, good morning. Can I interest you in some nipples of Venus?<br />=====================================innelli. She starred in Lerner and Loewe's Gigi with Maurice Chevalier, also directed by Liza's dad and Judy Garland's husband, for goodness sake! I haven't even mentioned Daddy Long Legs with Fred Astaire! Leslie Caron is a legend of the silver screen!    With all the fabulousness on display, you'd think that they could create a decent fable.          [[ASIN:B000BX8R1A The Chumscrubber]] (2005) .... Carrie-Anne Moss was Jerri Falls   ... aka Glck in kleinen Dosen (Germany)  [[ASIN:B000035Z38 Mystery Men]] (1999) .... Lena Olin was Dr. Annabel Leek  [[ASIN:B00007ELEL The Big Lebowski]] (1998) .... Peter Stormare was Nihilist #1, Uli Kunkel/'Karl Hungus'   [[ASIN:B00005Q79A What's Eating Gilbert Grape]] (1993) .... Johnny Depp was Gilbert Grape, Directed by Lasse Hallstrm   [[ASIN:630516195X Damage]] (1992) .... Juliette Binoche was Anna Barton, Leslie Caron was Elizabeth Prideaux, and Peter Stormare was Peter Wetzler    [[ASIN:B00004U8P8 Edward Scissorhands (Widescreen Anniversary Edition)]] (1990) .... Johnny Depp was Edward Scissorhands  [[ASIN:B000069I01 The Unbearable Lightness of Being]] (1988) .... Juliette Binoche was Tereza and Lena Olin was Sabina, who wore the derby    [[ASIN:B0001V6ZJI Prick Up Your Ears]] (1987) .... Alfred Molina was Kenneth Halliwell  Mitt liv som hund (1985) was directed by Lasse Hallstrm    ... aka [[ASIN:6305228868 My Life as a Dog]] (Canada: English title) (USA)  [[ASIN:B00004RF9F An American in Paris]] (1951) .... Leslie Caron was Lise Bouvier     ---------------------------  Vianne Rocher: [to the Comte de Reynaud] Ah, good morning. Can I interest you in some nipples of Venus?   =====================================
B0028MBKVG|5.0|I have always aspired to be a runner. But I always thought it just wasn't in the cards for me. This book shattered that concept. It was a great story that included some interesting science. The story is motivating and I have run every day now since finishing the book. We are all born ot run!
B0025MVXPC|5.0|I like when Laura wasn't afarid when she started rocking Baby Carrie in the rocking chair the chimmeny started to burn.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I am a HUGE fan of Michael Pollan's \\"The Omnivore's Dilemna\\" and thus am delighted at this new documentary. Apart from pretty much bringing to life the first 2/3 of that book, the film also presents more information concerning the battle against industrial food companies. It pushed further into the symbiotic relationship between the government and these food companies, and the legal confrontation from the people.    Thankfully, this was NOT an anti-meat documentary, as it devoted a lot of time to critique the corn and soybean industries, especially the Monsanto monopoly. The film provided several tips on how to become more knowledgable about your food, how to buy and eat healthier, and what kind of laws are needed for the food industry to improve (research: Kevin's Law). It showed you the problems that you should know about (CAFOs and other industrial animal plants), the problems that you probably don't know about (veggie libel laws, the Monsanto soybean monopoly), and the present alternatives (Polyface Farms). It covers an amazing range of issues, and would only be better if filmmakers were able to get the corporations on camera. Unexpectedly, companies like Purdue, Tyson, Smithfield, and Monsanto were not compliant.    The most important message is know where your food comes from. Only by being informative can you decide for yourself what you want to eat.
B0012QE4Q2|4.0|This is a good movie, and I particularly enjoyed the special features that are found on the dvd. However, when I was watching the movie I felt it focused more on Anne Boleyn instead of Mary Boleyn, whose life the movie was supposed to be about.    Also, the movie (even with the deleted scenes found in the Special Features section) seemed to be missing a few critical details that are found within the book.
044024367X|3.0|Many people spend their lives shuttling between hope and despair. (Pharmaceutical companies love this.) Of course, hope is the better place. No one wants to end up in despair. Lee Child's novel, Nothing to Lose, seems to be an allegory based upon the contrast between Hope and Despair, for the two central towns in this book have these very names. They are small towns located next to each other in a remote and desolate region in Colorado.    Child's trademark hero, Jack Reacher, literally spends a lot of time wandering between Hope and Despair and back again. And again. And again. Hope is a pleasant place with pleasant people, like Officer Vaughan, whose husband is in a permanent vegetative state due to a severe brain injury suffered while fighting in Iraq. Dismal is dreary and menacing. Not pleasant at all.     I had weeks earlier started reading Nothing to Lose, but I set it aside after about a hundred pages due to flagging interest. I picked up Child's most recent (and much stronger) work, Gone Tomorrow, and finished it in a couple of days. This inspired me to finish Nothing to Lose. Hence this review.    In Nothing to Lose, the prose flows very well. Child is a master at describing minutiae. The central character, Reacher, is a veteran of thirteen years' service as an officer in the MP. He's been out of the Army for several years and, on a limited budget, he travels about, looking for adventure and never turning away from a challenge, or a low-cost, but filling, meal. We get a detailed description of many meals and many cups of coffee. We learn that Reacher will typically wear the same set of clothes for several days and then, rather than clean them, he'll just pitch them in the trash and buy another set. The bachelor's dream?     The challenge here is Jerry Thurman, lay preacher for End Times Church in Dismal. Thurman is obsessed with the Book of Revelation and its prediction of the Apocalypse. In fact, he may be eager to speed up the process by acting boldly onhis own.    Thurman also owns a huge metal plant just outside of Dismal. In fact, Thurman owns the whole town. It's his feudal fiefdom. Problem is, a lot of people at the plant and in town are seriously ill. Could it be the secretive metal plant? Reacher appoints himself to find out.     There's a weird aiplane ride. A lot of crawling around in the dark. A lot of driving around off road in an old pickup truck and a police cruiser. Climbing of unclimbable walls. A romantic fling with Officer Vaughan, who later confesses to her husband, who has the \\"IQ of a goldfish.\\" Reacher pounding into submission small and large groups of hostile men with his fists and brutal street-fighting skills.    The plot is just too convoluted. It mostly concerns what happens at Thurman's plant. Are illegal chemicals used in the process of recycling military vehicles that are blown apart in Iraq, with the scraps shipped to Dismal? What about the smuggling of U.S. military deserters to Canada? Is there a secret operation involving Iranian vehicles that are blown apart in Iraq in order to provoke a war with Iran? Is Thurman a man who practices what he preaches, or is he a dangerous fanatic?    It all builds to an explosive conclusion. Read it and find out if that's literal or figurative.
B0028SVXR6|3.0|Like other reviewers here I did stand open jawed at the last three MV albums. I'm not sure where else you could find spanish lyrics combined with prog rock madness and surrealist artwork. This cd starts out very mellow and really doesn't fully kick in until the 4th track.<br />This cd only has two or three real 'rock' tracks as far as I'm concerned and I do find it a bit strange that those are the songs you hear on their own website to promote the cd. The songwriting is commercial for MV standards but I will say that hearing a wah pedal and the flailing drums at times remind you of what MV is capable of but holding back. Besides a couple of tracks this is largely a stripped down affair for MV and lacks the punch and curiosity I found with past albums. I'll be the first to admit that it still has not left my cd player since i keep hoping I'll hear something I'm missing. Cd begins and ends way too mellow and is too short. They still use the same artist as last time and his art has a great feeling for the MV music. I'm sure lots of people will end up disagreeing w/ me but i find this cd as the one to put on for the girlfriend when the other cd's have been a bit too spastic. As far as radio goes this is still better than most of the tripe you hear on there.
B000FA5QEK|4.0|Rich Dad Poor Dad is a book that offers a lot of insight and has a powerful message to communicate.  Many people rarely have the experiences that Kiyosaki was able to experience, and he shares it in this book in a way that really makes you think and re-evaluate the way you are approaching your life and money issues.<br /><br />What the book does best is to persuade you to look for opportunities that you might not be aware of.  Many of us are too busy taking care of our problems and can't seem to find a way out, but the reason is most of the time because we are approaching life in a quite conventional way.  If we play it safe, chances are we will live a quite average life, because that's how the system works.  If we all play it safe, then we all have the same things, average things.  The author makes it a point to makes us realize that there ARE many opportunities for us to get out there and really make investments work for us, but we just need to look for the opportunities that not everyone is looking for.<br /><br />It's quite a powerful message, particularly for those of us that talk to our financially conservative friends about ways to make money.  We are trapped in the same philosophy, and ask people who have the same philosophy, and therefore the same modest income, for help to get out of this cycle.  We need to look beyond, and this book is a good start, and maybe all some of you need, to really get out of the cycle and take a serious step towards become wealthier.<br /><br />Although there are a few weak points in the formatting of the book, I think the content makes up for it.  Also, a few diagrams in the book do not show well in the Kindle, but you are able to figure out what they are based on other diagrams and the discussion in the book.
0679805273|5.0|This book was read and given to participants overcoming grief. I had it on my end table as a gentle reminder and would re-read whenever I felt overwhelmed (I had been widowed at a young age).<br /><br />I highly recommend this book for anyone starting over, whether it be from the loss of a loved one, divorce or moving out for your first time.
1400082773|5.0|I have almost finished my second reading of \\"Dreams from My Father\\" by Barack Obama. I first read it BEFORE he became President. I knew immediately that he was the REAL DEAL!! This book, which is brilliantly written, brims with honesty, thoughtfulness, sensitivity, and pure humanity! It is not focused on politics, is not written to \\"win you over\\" to his side, and holds your interest throughout. This book completely confirms America's positive take on our new President and debunks forever all the mean-spirited, fear-based attacks directed his way.
1881273156|4.0|This book was suggested reading to help me and my wife through a tough time in our marriage and we did, indeed, find it very helpful.  But the truth is that our marriage like nearly all marriages suffers because of some degree of dysfunctionality.  \\"The Five Love Languages\\" does not address the deeper issues of dysfunctions but definitely does provide a basis for a more effective way to communicate our love for each other.  We also read \\"From Bondage to Bonding\\" by Nancy Groom and found that it complemented the other book very well.  The latter book deals with codependence and discusses alcoholism and other addictions but don't let that put you off.  It is excellent for everyone.  Both books have a Christian emphasis which will appeal to many but will repel some as well.
B001G9LV9S|4.0|*** THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE 2008 'DELUXE EDITION' 2CD REMASTER ***<br /><br />Some artists have a golden period - a stretch of albums that define them for decades to come.<br /><br />CAT STEVENS had such a spell with Island Records in the Seventies - starting at the lovely and underrated \\"Mona Bone Jakon\\" LP in July 1970 - right through to November 1978's \\"Back To Earth\\" when the public had long since stopped listening. In-between this eight-year splurge - London's Steven Demetre Georgiou popped out a series of singer-songwriter albums that found their way into every bedsit and bedroom around the world (a girlfriend in collage had remarked that our Steven had eyes like a cat  hence the stage name).<br /><br />After a pop start with Deram and Decca in the late Sixties - Cat Stevens switched to Island Records in early 1970, acoustic-folk-souled his songwriting and the handsome troubadour quickly became huge with the public. Albums like 1972's \\"Catch Bull At Four\\", 1973's Foreigner and 1974's \\"Buddah And The Chocolate Box\\" are still remembered with real affection now in 2016 and charted big at the time  part of the James Taylor, Elton John and Carole King singer-songwriter movement sweeping the world in the early part of that fantastic decade.<br /><br />But it was the duo of 1970's \\"Tea For A Tillerman\\" and the 1971 follow-up \\"Teaser And The Firecat\\" (Island Records in the UK and A&M in the USA) that seared him into the hearts of millions. These two beautifully written and well-recorded albums have always been the jewels in his catalogue crown. It's therefore hardly surprising that both have become recipients of a 2CD 'Deluxe Edition' Remaster from Universal - \\"Tillerman\\" in November 2008 with \\"Teaser\\" following in May 2009. Here are the Longer Boats coming to win us...<br /><br />UK released November 2008 - \\"Tea For The Tillerman: Deluxe Edition\\" by CAT STEVENS on Universal/Island 00602517870888 (Barcode 602517870888) is a 2CD Expanded and Newly Remastered 'Deluxe Edition' with Eleven Bonus Tracks and plays out as follows:<br /><br />Disc 1 (36:46 minutes):<br />1. Where Do The Children Play?<br />2. Hard Headed Woman<br />3. Wild World<br />4. Sad Lisa<br />5. Miles From Nowhere<br />6. But I Might Die Tonight<br />7. Longer Boats<br />8. Into White<br />9. On The Road To Find Out<br />10. Father And Son<br />11. Tea For The Tillerman<br />Tracks 1 to 11 are his fourth studio album \\"Tea For The Tillerman\\" - released November 1970 in the UK on Island Records ILPS 9135 and January 1971 in the USA on A&M Records SP-4280. Produced by PAUL SAMWELL-SMITH - it peaked at No. 20 in the UK and No. 8 in the USA.<br /><br />Disc 2 (36:49 minutes):<br />1. Wild World (Demo Version, Recorded 1969)<br />2. Longer Boats (Live At The Troubadour, Recorded 1970)<br />3. Into White (Live At The Troubadour, Recorded 1970)<br />4. Miles From Nowhere (Demo Version, Recorded 1969)<br />5. Hard Headed Woman (Live in Japan, Recorded 1976)<br />6. Where Do The Children Play? (From the Majikat Earth Tour, Recorded 1976)<br />7. Sad Lisa (from the Majikat Earth Tour, Recorded 1976)<br />8. On The Road To Find Out (Live at KCET-TV, Recorded in Los Angeles, 1971)<br />9. Father And Son (from Yusef's Cafe, Recorded 2006)<br />10. Wild World (from Yusef's Cafe, Recorded 2006)<br />11. Tea For The Tillerman (Live At The BBC, Recorded 1970 for BBC Radio 1's \\"Sounds Of The Seventies\\" at the Playhouse Theatre)<br /><br />This 'Deluxe Edition' had a plastic wrap (before Universal decided unwisely to ditch them) with 'Classic '70s Album Digitally Remastered...' sticker on the outside and a four-way foldout card digipak within - itself housed a beautifully laid-out 28-page oversized booklet. The inner gatefold photo of the original LP is spread across the flaps of the digipak with sepia photos adorning the other flaps (it's hardly great visually). The booklet is gorgeous. Page 3 has Cat's own ruminations on the album and its life/career changing effect onhim - Pages 4 to 6 feature superb in-depth track-by-track explanations by original LP Producer PAUL SAMWELL-SMITH while principal band member and Guitarist ALUN DAVIES gives his eclectic take on the songs (Pages 8 and 9). The rest of the booklet reprints the lyrics alongside live photos and finally track-by-track breakdowns of the Bonus Material. The eleven-track Bonus Disc includes Previously Unreleased - two demos being the real prizes - almost as lovely as the finished articles. Songs from the 'Majikat' Tour have been released on an Eagle Vision DVD and the KCET Concert piece was out on a Weinerworld DVD \\"Tea For The Tillerman Live\\" - the rest are Previously Unreleased.<br /><br />But the big news is a new June 2008 TED JENSEN Remaster done at Sterling Sound Studios in New York from the original two-track analogue master tapes - superseding the version he did on the May 2000 single disc Remaster series. This version is beautiful to listen too - a real Audio treat. Typically the bonus tracks are a mixture of essential and superfluous - his voice is gone on \\"Sad Lisa\\" cut while the Live At The BBC \\"Tea For The Tillerman\\" is less than a minute long and very hissy. The two live Yusef's Cafe tracks are beautifully recorded and feature \\"Wild World\\" in both English and a different langue (original album player Alan Davies is part of the band for these sessions). But the real prize here for collectors and uber-fans is the two demos - both sweetly recorded and hugely impressive. Theres a warmth and magic coming off of them and you wish there was a whole album of these. The Troubadour live cuts are good too (just him and Alun Davies on guitars) - very clear and way better than say bootleg quality. As I write this (Thursday, 10 November 2016) - the Sci-Fi movie \\"Arrival\\" is opening today about twelve banana-shaped spaceships suddenly turning on our capitol city lawns itching to communicate in squiggles. I mention this because in his first Troubadour song he announces that \\"Longer Boats\\" is about spaceships - 46 years before the film event! What a clever boy. But onto to the album...<br /><br />\\"...Well I think it's fine building Jumbo planes...switch on Summer from a slot machine...but tell me...where do the children play?\\" Cat opens the album with an environmental plea and in his May 2008 liner notes he comments that those passionate cries are still falling on 'tone-deaf ears' and unfortunately all present day evidence proves him right. What's not in dispute is the 'Audio'. My 'Pink Island' label 1970 Vinyl LP original and subsequent 1970's  'Pink-Rim Palm Tree Label' reissues always had low audio on \\"Where Do The Children Play?\\" - but this CD Remaster has gorgeous clarity and that acoustic bottom end when it kicks in is impressive. The strings on \\"Hard Headed Woman\\" are clearer and Harvey Burn's drums are almost 'too' good - a beautiful transfer. That huge piano on \\"Sad Lisa\\" fills your room and you forget just how passionate his vocals could be until you re-hear \\"Miles From Nowhere\\". Side 2's \\"Longer Boats\\" and the anthemic \\"Father And Son\\" will leave many tingling - both musically and lyrically.<br /><br />\\"...Mary dropped her pants by the sand...and let the parson...come and take her hand...<br />But the soul of nobody knows...where the parson goes...\\"<br />I dont know where hes gone either.<br /><br />\\"Tea For A Tillerman\\" is a gorgeous album and the Audio on this 2008 'Deluxe Edition' Remaster has only hammered that home with knobs on. I don't how many times I'll return to Disc 2 in truth - but there are nuggets to be had there as well  period songs that fans will need and enjoy.<br /><br />If you're not prepared to pay the extra - then simply plum for the May 2000 single CD remaster which has great audio too and can be found for less than three or four pounds in many places.<br /><br />If however you're after the very best Audio and the fanboy in you wants that tasty presentation and those extras on Disc 2 (some of which are actually worth owning) - then this 2CD 'DE' version of Cat Stevens' \\"Tea For The Tillerman\\" is the Father and Son for you...nes...switch on Summer from a slot machine...but tell me...where do the children play?\\" Cat opens the album with an environmental plea and in his May 2008 liner notes he comments that those passionate cries are still falling on 'tone-deaf ears' and unfortunately all present day evidence proves him right. What's not in dispute is the 'Audio'. My 'Pink Island' label 1970 Vinyl LP original and subsequent 1970's  'Pink-Rim Palm Tree Label' reissues always had low audio on \\"Where Do The Children Play?\\" - but this CD Remaster has gorgeous clarity and that acoustic bottom end when it kicks in is impressive. The strings on \\"Hard Headed Woman\\" are clearer and Harvey Burn's drums are almost 'too' good - a beautiful transfer. That huge piano on \\"Sad Lisa\\" fills your room and you forget just how passionate his vocals could be until you re-hear \\"Miles From Nowhere\\". Side 2's \\"Longer Boats\\" and the anthemic \\"Father And Son\\" will leave many tingling - both musically and lyrically.    \\"...Mary dropped her pants by the sand...and let the parson...come and take her hand...  But the soul of nobody knows...where the parson goes...\\"  I dont know where hes gone either.    \\"Tea For A Tillerman\\" is a gorgeous album and the Audio on this 2008 'Deluxe Edition' Remaster has only hammered that home with knobs on. I don't how many times I'll return to Disc 2 in truth - but there are nuggets to be had there as well  period songs that fans will need and enjoy.    If you're not prepared to pay the extra - then simply plum for the May 2000 single CD remaster which has great audio too and can be found for less than three or four pounds in many places.    If however you're after the very best Audio and the fanboy in you wants that tasty presentation and those extras on Disc 2 (some of which are actually worth owning) - then this 2CD 'DE' version of Cat Stevens' \\"Tea For The Tillerman\\" is the Father and Son for you...
1591841666|5.0|I read the dip all in one sitting and just couldn't put it down.     Not only does it teach a lot of core business principles that most startups seem to completely miss (and are the cause of 95% of business failures).     It also gives practical advice on when to stick (when there is a big reward, when you can be the market leader, when there is *light at the end of the tunnel*)    and when to quit (if you are working a dead end job, if you don't have the resources to achieve market saturation, if you can't be the best at what you do).     Nice and short and to the point with very little fluff, the dip is absolutely fantastic and gives some great insights (or refreshers for those who find themselves stuck in some area of their life).    If you keep feeling like you're stuck wading through mud and business is a struggle (like me), while others seem to be running by, get this book.
0823015033|5.0|Based on the unanimous 5 star reviews (excluding the 2 reviewers who gave it 1 star for a mistake THEY made), I bought this book. I am happy to report that it lives up to the positive reviews.<br /><br />Katherine Dewey is an accomplished sculptor and this book is very informative and well worth the $15 purchase price in skills taught. Some of the tips and tricks shown can only come about through expensive trial and error (like selecting the right brand of clay), or years of experience (how to make your own custom tools). They are all collected here and presented in a logical progression, with plenty of large color photographs.<br /><br />Some of the techniques I already figured out for myself (using aluminum foil balls as cores), but many I'm learning for the first time since I am new to polymer clay sculpting. As a beginner, I found the first few chapters very useful in getting grounded in the basics of polymer clays because it is not like natural clay (safety, brands and uses, clay conditioning). Many of the techniques taught in later chapters can be applied to sculpting and figure making in general, not exclusively to the polymer clay medium, or restricted to purely lifelike figures. My brand of artwork is mostly cartoony and usually not lifelike, but I found much to like in this book.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
B000YENUI6|4.0|Anna, a nurse at a hospital, gives birth to a russian baby whose mother had died delivering it. The mother had a diary with her that explains all her horrible experiences with a mob in London. Anna hoping to trace back the address of the mother's family so they would take care of the baby, gives the diary to a russian restauarant owner for translation hoping he could help finally help her get the address. Later on she realizes he is the mob head and she risks her life, her family's and the baby's lives too onward.      I did not like the movie much. I just learned today from an online review that Nikolai, the mob's driver, was actually an undercover agent. It was not clear at all in the film.
B00005614M|2.0|the CD was just as described; it was just that we're not that fond of jazz I guess.  Miles Davis is wonderful - if you're into it this is a classic - a little too much for us.
B000MNP2KI|5.0|Fantastic!!     Wonderful James Bond movie. Daniel Craig is surely a great James Bond!     Great Story!     Lots of Action! (more realistic than the previous 007 films)     Very Entertaining!
B00297FEUI|3.0|A lot of people decried Jablonsky's first Transformer's score as sounding just like the rest of the Hans Zimmer and Zimmer-inspired works of the last decade. It sounded redundant, repetitive, noisy, etc. etc...    This is a bad thing?    Hans Zimmer is a good composer. Zimmer's understudies are also good composers. Sure, they sound the same, and the soundtracks themselves may suffer in the originality department, but come on, it's not as bad as James Horner. His stuff isn't even a little bit different, it's the SAME music! Zimmer's sound (and by association Jablonsky's) is good. It works for movies like Transformers.    For the second installment in the Transformers epic explode-em-up franchise, Jablonsky went with the formula that works. This soundtrack isn't going to sound much different from the first, so if you liked that, you'll like this.    However...    Once you get over the \\"sounding the same\\" issue, there are definitely differences:    This score is much more \\"thematic\\". The first score had epic themes, ominous underscore, action beats and frantic finales. \\"Revenge of the Fallen\\" isn't as diverse, except in a few places. I didn't hear anything like the music playing during Scorponok's attack in the first movie, or the final battle in the city. It seems as though the grand themes were more important and the action beats were left alone.    This score is dark. No more quirky Sam Witwicky antic music, no upbeat action and \\"autobots roll out\\" themes, it sounds much more ominous. It's strange then to notice the Decepticon theme is absent most of the time in favor of the Fallen theme.    Overall, the \\"Revenge of the Fallen\\" score is good, it's decent background music, but it's just not as good as its predecessor. For as many robot fights as there should be, I imagine there's plenty of music that was left out, which probably didn't help this CD. It could be better, sure, but it could be a lot worse too.
0393061310|5.0|Simply stated: This book is a must read. With all the reviews out there I won't go into detail except to say that this book covers very important principles that outline the general story of human history. Is it a little too long? Yes. Is it a little too repetative? Yes. Is Diamond's controversial suggestion that 'underdeveloped countries may produce smarter people because they have to be smarter just to survive' just plain dumb? Yes. But, that topic only covers about one or two pages and in no way damages the overall theme of his book (so I would suggest ignoring that point). Furthermore, to balance out this book with some additional views I would suggest reading [[ASIN:019533180X The Central Liberal Truth: How Politics Can Change a Culture and Save It from Itself]] and [[ASIN:0385720386 Carnage and Culture: Landmark Battles in the Rise to Western Power]] - these are NOT competing views - just additional perspectives on what can simply be described as the ultimate explanation of why some peoples/ cultures/ countries have survived/ dominated/ propogated and others have not.  I highly recommend this book along with Diamonds \\"sequel\\": [[ASIN:0143036556 Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed]].
B001EO748M|3.0|Season II, Anne Boleyn has seduced the king and assumed her place as Queen of England. Catherine of Aragon has been exiled to Wales. In addition to the fact that Anne has not produced a son, her relationship with Henry begins to unravel because Henry regrets all that he has done to assist Anne's rise to power-including killing some of his friends and breaking with Rome.<br /><br />A good series, one that I have enjoyed watching with the caveat that pretty much every one of these characters is totally detestable. Unlike the HBO series Rome which weaved some fictional and totally endearing characters into the fabric of historical drama, Showtime has focused on the seedy side of the players in the Tudor dynasty and hasn't rounded them out with tender bits. Without characters to like, this series can be a bit taxing as there isn't anyone you feel particularly fond of and drawn to. You even end up hating the gentle and loving Sir Thomas More after he turns sanctimonious and begins a campaign of burning people at the stake. I continue to watch this series because I like historical drama and setting. Showtime has done an excellent job with actors, setting, production.<br /><br />In addition to the lack of character development, my other complaint is that there is an almost boring repetition from episode to episode which goes along the lines of sex, jousting, political wrangling, war or talk of it, dancing, praying and repeat with a few scenes of ladies doing needlepoint and horse riding thrown in for good measure. Think I'm kidding? Watch a few episodes and track it. The repetition of this pattern was much worse in season one than season two however.<br /><br />If you like political intrigue, I highly suggest watching the [[ASIN:B0028RXXE8 Rome Gift Set (HBO Series)]] series or the even more excellent [[ASIN:B00009MGGI House of Cards Trilogy (House of Cards / To Play the King / The Final Cut)]] by the BBC. Francis \\"put a stick about it\\" Urqhart would have run laps around the impetuous and emotional Henry VIII.onal Henry VIII.
B0010358CQ|4.0|I'm very happy I purchased Appleseed Ex Machina. I really enjoyed this movie. I have been a fan of the Appleseed franchise for many years. The John Woo touches were deliciously over the top. Every highly stylized scene had me saying, \\"Nice!\\"
1881273156|5.0|I am a happily married, 40-something woman who was given this book as a gift by a counselor who uses it in his practice and was giving out copies to people just to \\"spread the word.\\" He says it is one of the most useful tools he has found in his 20+ years of counseling, so I figured I'd read it. I instantly saw why he found it so helpful. This book is simple, even painfully so. I am amazed by the negative reviews which all focus on one of two criticisms: the book is written from a Christian perspective and/or it isn't scholarly or \\"intellectual\\" enough for them. I can understand that if someone is averse to, oblivious to, or even hostile towards Christianity that they may not want to read advice couched in a Christian worldview or using Biblical quotes. If you fall into that camp, let me say, \\"Let the buyer beware.\\" However, I found the author's explanation of why he includes the Biblical references (because he himself is Christian and because he feels Jesus exhibited the ultimate example of sacrificial love) satisfying and don't see that it's absolutely necessary that a non-Christian would deplore the book. The other criticism I saw most, that the book isn't scholarly enough, shows that the reader missed the point entirely. The book is obviously written in a very simple, easy-to-read manner to appeal to those who don't want to wade through a scientific treatise to get some helpful advice. The book's premise is simple so why shouldn't the language be as well? As I mentioned earlier, I've been happily married for 20 years, and both my husband and I thought the book was easy-to-read and offered beneficial advice for those who seriously want to improve, or perhaps even save, their marriage. The book's final chapter, on the love languages of children, instigated an intriguing conversation between my husband and me about our own kids and how we relate to them. So to sum up, the book is simply written (it can be read cover to cover in a very short time) and reveals a simple premise, and it is from a Christian perspective. If neither of those things offend you, I would recommend you read this book. I truly feel it has potential to help many people in struggling relationships.le premise, and it is from a Christian perspective. If neither of those things offend you, I would recommend you read this book. I truly feel it has potential to help many people in struggling relationships.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|I really enjoyed Serenity. Laughs, cries and action in between. It also carried a deep message.<br />It was a nice closure to the Firefly TV franchise. If only Fox hadn't canceled that show. (*_*)
B001TODCII|4.0|Liam Neeson makes this movie. A little preparation in the beginning of the film, and a nice ending. But, hold on to your seat, action, non-stop throughout. Wow, an excellent story about human traffickers taking the daughter of an ex-CIA operative. The bad guy makes the mistake of challenging Neeson to find the girl by uttering the words, \\"good luck\\". Big mistake. If you like action flicks don't miss this one.
B0028SVXR6|4.0|First of all, I'm not quite sure why everyone is labeling this an \\"acoustic\\" album...compared to their other albums, I guess this album seems acoustic because of its more subdued atmosphere. This album, which I have been anxiously awaiting for months, is not a dissapointment by any means, it is simply in a different vein. Omar, Cedric, and the Mars Volta group are known for forging ahead without looking back on their past projects, and this album exemplifies this attitude.    Following the Bedlam in Goliath, this album might seem like a day dream in terms of the amplitude, but the songs are just as well written as any other album. Next to Frances the Mute, this is some of Cedric's strongest lyrical writing (don't worry, they're still arcane and mysterious), and his vocals are compelling throughout.   Most of the songs are more laid-back (I guess that's where the \\"acoustic\\" feeling comes from). Since We've Been Wrong begins slowly, with a single tone in the beginning, and grows from a soft, contemplative feel into a half-throttle rock ballad, and ends with the single tone. Teflon, Halo of Nembutals, and With Twilight as My Guide are all in the same direction of semi-rock/acoustical ballads, with Omar's spacey guitar stylings and ambient background sounds.    The rockers of the album are Cotapaxi and Desparate Graves; these catchy tunes are sandwiched nicely in the middle of the album. The group really plays well together with driving bass and guitar, and as I said before, Cedric is at his best. The last two songs, Copernicus and Luciforms, follow the style of the beginning of the album. The lyrics to Luciforms are particularly interesting, give them a look.    This album is a natural step forward for the Mars Volta group, and it reflects the solo projects that Omar has been working on. Don't be fooled by the \\"acoustic\\" reviews, this album has some Rock in it, and the Guitar, Bass, and Drums will knock you out of the water when you least expect it, which is what makesthis album so great! Octahedron = 8 sides, and 8 tracks...pick it up and enjoy!
0307474275|3.0|This is one of those rare times when I truly did enjoy the movie more than reading the book. However, the book was a good read. The topic has much to do with the original popularity of the book in that some just can't separate fiction from reality, and the book does have everything going for it: an excellent story, good development, well thought out plot, not to mention how well the fiction weaves itself through elements of history. At no time did I consider not finishing the book, and, in fact, I looked forwarded to picking it up to continue.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|This made-for-TV (British) mini-series delighted this fan of Jane Austen books and movies.  Lots of humor, in-jokes particularly connected to the Pride and Prejudice mini-series with Colin Firth, new insights into characters revealed that were missed by Ms. Austen. I loved watching a devoted Austen fan attempt to keep the plot going as the author intended but causing all to go awry instead. A wonderful presentation that respects and honors JA.
0061537969|5.0|I really loved this book. It's been a while since I've read a book that I liked this much. Could not put it down!
B001FB4VXU|5.0|Big Bang Theory is an AWESOME tv show. If you want to laugh a lot then you have to watch this show. The cast works so well with each other which makes this show all the more funny and great. As soon as I watched the first episode I was immediately hooked.     The show is about high IQ guys (Leonard, Sheldon, Howard, and Rajesh) who come off as geeks and their neighbor Penny (Kaley Cuoco-from Charmed) who most of the time doesn't get them but she fits into the group so well in her own way. This show is about this group and their mishaps in life. Each character brings something different to the show.     If you're ready to laugh your butt off then buy Big Bang Theory!!   Season 2 is just as funny as season 1.
0375826726|5.0|Absolutely brilliant.   I couldn't stop reading until I finished the last page.  I can't wait for book 4.  A 'must read' for everybody who loves Fantasy!!
0060989157|5.0|When I began reading The Dirt, I couldn't put it down.  I laughed, I cried, I was shocked.  I am not a big reader of biographies and autobiographies, but this is an excellent book.  If you are a Motley Crue fan you need to read this book!!  You won't be disappointed.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This video collection is just amazing..comes in a metal box, good insert, and the price I paid is unbelievable..you wont be sorry, great collection
B000002LEM|5.0|great CD...love the 80's Vanhalen... I wish they would put another album...miss that type of music.
0689835604|5.0|This book eventually fell apart, as all the good ones do when you read them a thousand times with the kids excited and tugging at them!  Seriously, it is well made and fun!
0316044695|5.0|This book confirmed what I already knew, but did it in great and powerful details. What did I already know? I knew that these SEALs are the guys that John Wayne was trying to depict, in the flesh. This book should be required reading for high schoolers. It captures the meaning of dedication, loyalty, valor, courage and what the word hero really means. It's a book that should be read by anyone and everyone that considers themselves to be a practicing American. It should also be read by the pundants who think that wars should be waged by newspaper writers and finger pointing critics of our military. I couldn't put this book down. It is a compelling story...well that is an understatement. Thank god Marcus Latrell survived to get back home to his family and to get back home to the rest of us and tell this story about himself, Axe, Danny, \\"Murph\\" and a certain honorable Afghan people. Hero is too small a word for these Navy SEALs.
B001PPLKI0|1.0|Elvis Presley is Elvis Presley, but, although there are 4 CDs, I could listen only CD2 and CD4 due to unknown problems on CD1 and CD3, I believe quality of CDs were not good !
0743290127|4.0|This was a good book.   I don't think that it was as good as The Devil Wears Prada or Everyone Worth Knowing though.  It wasn't overly exciting, but the characters were interesting.  It left me wanting to know more... sequel maybe?
B0028SVXR6|5.0|An octahedron is a shape with eight faces. The Mars Volta's fifth studio album has eight songs. This is uncharacteristically straight-forward of anything affiliated with this band. There's a lot more here to surprise you.    Prior to it's release guitarist Omar Rodriguez-Lopez called this album their \\"acoustic album.\\" While Rodriguez-Lopez does utilize an acoustic guitar for much of the album, calling it \\"acoustic\\" isn't entirely accurate. Their \\"mellow album\\" wouldn't have been entirely true either, but there are songs on here that would fit that category.    The album opens with \\"Since We've Been Wrong,\\" which effectively sets the tone of the album. It's got remarkably straight-forward lyrics for a Mars Volta song and a beautiful, affecting vocal performance by vocalist/lyricist Cedric Bixler-Zavala. The next song, \\"Teflon,\\" has near-impenetrable lyrics but could easily be a radio hit, it's just a great song. \\"Halo of Nembutals\\" is another great track, that is cleverly written, arranged, and performed; even portions of the lyrics make sense.    The 4th song \\"With Twilight As My Guide\\" is a low-key, atmospheric song that doesn't do anything to hinder the album's winning streak.    At slightly over 3 minutes, \\"Cotopaxi\\" is one of their most radio-ready songs ever. It's very plausible that this song will get stuck in your head and could even open the band to a wider audience.    The next two tracks \\"Copernicus\\" & \\"Luciforms\\" are very much in the same vein of each other. \\"Copernicus\\" should satisfy the fans of songs like \\"Televators.\\" It's a brilliant song. \\"Luciforms\\" is, in my opinion, the weakest song of the eight tracks but it's still a good song that you'll probably find yourself listening to more than once.    The album closes with \\"Desperate Graves,\\" which is a great close to the album. It's a great, rocking, catchy song.    What The Mars Volta have done with \\"Octahedron\\" is created their most accessible album and quite possibly, their best album. I was fond ofThe Mars Volta before hearing this album, but I think now I can consider myself a fan. There's something here to satisfy anyone really.    The musical arrangements by Rodriguez-Lopez are continuously brilliant and Bixler-Zavala (working mostly in the higher-register of his voice) gives one of his most inspired vocal performances here. Zavala is very good at singing his impenetrable lyrics with power and feeling. There were times when I had no idea what he was singing about but I could feel his emotion. That's a rare gift.    Bottom-line is; whether you've been a fan of The Mars Volta since [[ASIN:B00009V7T2 De-Loused in the Comatorium]] or you've always been able to see potential in the band but really couldn't get into them...GET THIS ALBUM. It's definitely a career peak at the moment and few will argue...A masterpiece.    GRADE: A
B000PC6A3E|5.0|If you like movies based on comics, well this movie is for you! I had this on DVD an now on Blu-ray.
B0028T6XXY|4.0|I love this guy and I love his band BUT on stage. I don't really like his back stage manner and I really didn't need all the baggage. Yes I brought this to see the whole MSG Show uninterupted. Why was this not possible it must have been quite a night.
B000WGWQG8|3.0|I had wanted to see this movie for quite a while and was thrilled to get it at a reasonable price. However, while viewing the second disc, the video began to skip and jump, thus ruining the viewing. I fast forwarded the video until it stoped skipping. I wanted to share this video with my family, but now I am reluctant to.
B0028RXXFC|5.0|Best thing HBO made in a long time next. LIke Deadwood. But only two seasons? Time for a movie !
0307472590|4.0|aunque me parece una exageracion comparlo con Borges y Garcia Marquez. Me fascino la forma en que  Carlos Ruiz Zafon describe a la Barcelona de los tiempos de la guerra civil y Franco.  La trama y misterio se desarrolla de una manera muy ingeniosa.
B0028SVXR6|4.0|(\\"Octahedron\\" by The Mars Volta)<br /><br />This is easily the most straightforward album of the Mars Volta's career.  None of the songs are longer than 8:22 (album closer \\"Luciforms\\")--amazing concisement on their part, and a couple of the songs here could pass as--gasp!--ballads (\\"Since We've Been Wrong,\\", \\"With Twilight as My Guide\\"). Hell, most of the songs even have recognizable melodies, with choruses and everything!  Could this be the Volta's \\"commercial sellout\\" album?<br /><br />Well, hold on, buddy.  You can't just accuse the Mars Volta--the most willfully surreal prog-rock band out there--of just wanting to sell records.  Okay, I have no idea what kind of numbers some of their previous discs have racked up, but but with long, twisty compositions that often bleed into each other and musical digressions that often go into jazz fusion, latin rhythms and liberal doses of synthed-out spaciness, one doubts the band is on speking terms with the editors of Billboard, never mind the low-attention span record buying public.  Nevertheless, the band has maintained a healthy cult following.  Still, \\"Octahedron\\" definitely shows signs of warming up to the marketplace.<br /><br />You know what?  It turns out that's not a bad thing.  \\"Octahedron\\" is indeed shorter and, yes, softer, than any of the band's previous albums, but it's also one of the most memorable.  Not only are the band technically great musicians, but they can also write songs that stick with you.  \\"Teflon,\\" for instance, is one of their best rockers, mainly because they manage to color within the lines.  Omar Rodriguez-Lopez's lyrics still are plenty loopy--\\"Frames of infrared/keep scrolling into focus/Scarab claimed the busy signal/With the habits that you noticed\\"--but really, that's one of the reasons people love them.<br /><br />Does this new direction mean that even more people will come to love them as well?  I couldn't tell you that.  Heck, \\"Octahedron\\" is hardly even my fave Volta disc (I swear by [[ASIN:B0007GAEW6 Frances the Mute]], still the band's most out-there album), but I get the feeling this on'll keep me coming back for more.  It should also be noted that when I say this album is \\"more\\" commercial than previous material, that shoudn't be confused with, uh, \\"commercial.\\"  The band are still a pretty daunting listen, and it's still very easy to tell them apart from the current crop of \\"popular\\" rock bands, so I don't think the cultists will have to make much room for the uncool just yet.Mute]], still the band's most out-there album), but I get the feeling this on'll keep me coming back for more.  It should also be noted that when I say this album is \\"more\\" commercial than previous material, that shoudn't be confused with, uh, \\"commercial.\\"  The band are still a pretty daunting listen, and it's still very easy to tell them apart from the current crop of \\"popular\\" rock bands, so I don't think the cultists will have to make much room for the uncool just yet.
B000F6IOC0|3.0|Perhaps the weakest movie in the series. Acting and script lacked from the original. Although informative in the series it seemed rushed together. I thought that the acting of Scott Speedman was lacking and he didn't put much effort into this film. Still worth watching if you are a fan of the series.
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|Clapton and Winwood are two rock legends who have left their mark on the music scene for decades.  For a brief time they united in Blind Faith, a definative rock classic.    Fortunately they came together for at least one last series of shows at MSG, captured on this CD.  The performances are outstanding, both vocally and musically.  Though the songs are not all quite equal in my mind, there are so many that are performed so well (and even the less than steller ones ae very good) that it is a great live album that has earned its place as one of the best live recordings.    \\"Can't Find My way Home\\", \\"Voodoo Child\\" (though perhaps a bit long) and \\"After Midnight\\" are superb, and pretty much most of the second half of the record is stand out in my mind.
B0000VAFO0|5.0|Fresh, original, a movie worth watching over and over. Underworld is a gothic and beautiful film with great acting and a fairly good script.   This is the film that started it all, and perhaps should have ended it all.
B0015KO52S|5.0|I am a 48 year old man whose musical tastes cover just about everything, and to put it simply, this is one of the finest albums I have heard in a long , long time. Four quality musicians, Brendan Benson's wonderful voice, great harmonies and, most important to me, no two songs sound anything alike. The lyrics really tell great stories and the pace of the album is excellent. Sit back and enjoy.
B00004WLXZ|5.0|Let me preface this review by asking, 'is the Late Leni Riefenstahl's estate receiving royalties from her documentary, 'Triumph of the Will'? or is this just another piece of her brilliant work such as 'Olympia', the Olympic Games 1936 etc, that was stolen from her when she was suffering the most horrendous of persecutions for her production of 'Triumph of the Will.' Let me make it quite clear that one does not have 'jack's boots'under his bed, only slippers, but Iam speaking solely as a fellow film producer, albeit not in the same class as Ms.Riefenstahl. I believe that critic's of this genius in the art of filmmaking should stick to facts and not things that they would like to think are the facts. Ms.Riefenstahl was not a member of the N.S.D.A.P. more populary known as the Nazi Party. From all accounts she did not want to produce it in the first place, but did so on the promise that she did not have to do another of this type, and that promise was kept.After having previewed this film one cannot understand what all the fuss is about. There is not one word of the so called term, 'anti semitism'. As one alert reviewer put it so well,<br />'Triumph of the Will' WAS NOT produced for Western Civilization,it was<br />produced for the German people. I for one shall be ordering a copy of this 'special edition' from 'AMAZON',a most trustworhy source. Ms.Riefenstahl can no longer be hurt, for she has passed on to a much higher authority who will judge her,inter-alia, for her deeds as we who believe,will all be judged. Rest in Peace Leni, you can no longer be hurt. my work as a film producer is far far more acceptable for viewing, and being inspired by your brilliant work.You are always recognized in the credits of all my documentaries, an act that I firmly believe is the very least I can do. And no, I have not swallowed 'Mein Kampf'. And lastly your photo hangs proudly in my studio, and I, for one am never ashamed to say who you were, if and when, Iam asked.<br /><br />  Thomas Knight.ALC.ACA.AFFPA.<br />  Wintergarden Community Film Services.(Aust)A.AFFPA.    Wintergarden Community Film Services.(Aust)
B001FB4W16|5.0|My wife has read the Charlaine Harris books, Sookie Stackhouse and others, and she wanted me to get this on Blu-Ray. I admit that watching it didn't bore me, and it is rated TV-MA, so don't let the kiddies under 18 watch it. It doesn't follow the book, but uses it more as a guideline. Side characters have more storyline in the series than they do in the book, and that may be to keep the readers of the series from guessing every move.  It did cause me to subscribe to HBO!!!
B0026J8LHM|5.0|Twenty-five years into their career, Dream Theater are sounding more energetic and inspired than they have since 2003's \\"Train of Thought.\\"<br />And that's a good thing, because while most great bands have capsized by that point, more is being expected from Dream Theater by the fans and, presumably, the label than ever before. Fortunately, \\"Black Clouds & Silver Linings\\" does not disappoint, and actually works as a great starting point for most fans.<br /><br />\\"A Nightmare to Remember,\\" the opening track, is a good example of everything Dream Theater are doing right on this one. It begins with a crash, followed by what is uncontestedly the heaviest introduction in Dream Theater history and the type of Progressive Metal fireworks that we've heard before on songs like Honor Thy Father and This Dying Soul. The the song takes a drastic Pink Floyd inspired turn at the five minute mark, and becomes something altogether different. About three minutes later, the band quite violently pulls us from the eye of the storm, and we're treated to the usual type of instrumental fireworks. There's the obligatory back-and-forth soloing from Mr. Petrucci and Mr. Rudess, which is followed by a genuinely \\"creepy\\" unison, and then some instrumental stuff which calls to mind the type of thing you'd hear at the end of an old silent film- one of those parts that means to say, \\"it's over, but there's still something lurking behind that corner.\\"<br /><br />\\"Wither,\\" and \\"A Rite of Passage\\" are great songs in their own right, too. Both are the singles, and both are arguably stronger than any singles the band have put out since Pull Me Under.<br /><br />The central song on the album is probably the weakest, and that is \\"The Shattered Fortress.\\" While the song isn't bad, it certainly pulls more from the previous songs in the saga than the others have. There's very little original music here, and while the first half is great, especially James vocals, the rest, barring the outro, is simply forgettable. The whole things sounds like an overture moreso than an actual new installment, which is unfortunate as it's the last.<br /><br />\\"The Best of Times\\" and \\"The Count of Tuscany\\" serve as a one-two punch at the end; two \\"classic\\" style DT fans that are abound to impress even the most skeptical of fans. With its harmonic intro, violent middle section, spherical middle-part and acoustic fade in, it's bound to draw some comparisons to Yes' \\"Gates of Delirium.\\" Some will object to the latter song's all-out goofiness, and, alas, this isn't \\"Voices,\\" but it's definitely Dream Theater having fun at what they do while not taking themselves too seriously. As an epic, it's easily better than \\"In The Presence of Enemies,\\" and I'd say that some fans will even like it better than \\"Octavarium\\" and \\"A Change of Seasons.\\"<br /><br />What else is there to say? Rudess and Petrucci both stand out incredibly here, with Petrucci literally beasting each of the songs with one of the best guitar solos you've ever heard. James LaBrie is in top form, as usual, and Mike Portnoy is playing more tastefully than ever. John Myung seems to have been turned up in the mix, also. And, of course, there's the cover songs, which I haven't even mentioned yet. Don't cheat yourself by getting this version; make sure you get the 3 disc with the covers. It's well worth it. The songs, which were released one at a time in the weeks leading up to the album, are for the most part fresh takes on Dream Theater's classic influences; and though there's only six of them they still amount to over forty minutes of additional music. Dream Theater cover some relatively obscure stuff like Dixie Dregs and Zebra, their obvious influences like Rainbow and Maiden, and, of course, what has already been described by Queen guitarist Brian May as the \\"best Queen cover ever.\\"<br /><br />The album sounds better than Systematic Chaos, looks better than Systematic Chaos, and goes by its seventy-plus minutes without any of the predecessor's drag or boring moments. Of course, there's some things left to be desired. For example, it'd be nice to see the band take the time to put out another album with a unified lyrical and musical theme again, and one of the albums songs, \\"The Shattered Fortress,\\" doesn't work so well on its own as much as it effectively closes out the five album spanning \\"12 Step Suite,\\" but those are hardly gripes that warrant any kind of serious disappointment. The bottom line is that Black Clouds & Silver Linings is the best album Dream Theater have made in a long time, and it's also a very accessible album that is a good starting point for anyone who wants to know what they've been missing out on for the past twenty years. Dream Theater fans should pick it up without hesitation, as well as anybody who likes good rock and metal music that's also a little bit more.<br /><br />I give the album a 90/100; which just barely rounds up to 5 stars.'s some things left to be desired. For example, it'd be nice to see the band take the time to put out another album with a unified lyrical and musical theme again, and one of the albums songs, \\"The Shattered Fortress,\\" doesn't work so well on its own as much as it effectively closes out the five album spanning \\"12 Step Suite,\\" but those are hardly gripes that warrant any kind of serious disappointment. The bottom line is that Black Clouds & Silver Linings is the best album Dream Theater have made in a long time, and it's also a very accessible album that is a good starting point for anyone who wants to know what they've been missing out on for the past twenty years. Dream Theater fans should pick it up without hesitation, as well as anybody who likes good rock and metal music that's also a little bit more.    I give the album a 90/100; which just barely rounds up to 5 stars.
B000VDDDY6|5.0|Wow. This set is great.The picture is clear and crisp. I love all the enhancements which make it like watching it for the 1st time.
0061703087|2.0|The science is wrong, the contrived humanization is unbelievably tedious, and the characters are stale.  Michael Crichton shows once again how little he knows about yet another branch of science, and how, in his ignorance, his approach is one of fear and paranoia.  Hooray.
0891419063|5.0|Over the last decade, I have given several copies of this book to friends who did not know about the horrible fighting that took place at Peleliu. A Marine whose brother died there, first told me about the battle and loaned a copy of this book. I found E. B. Sledge's account of what happened there and at Okinawa to be told with compassion and humility. The Marines who fought there overcame impossible obstacles and paid dearly. We owe them our respect and gratitude.
B001PR0Y5S|5.0|Absolutely a funny and romantic movie, Betty White ( GOLDEN GIRLS FAME ) has some scene stealing moments, as does the spanish gentlemen that shows up, not going to ruin that little joke for ya. Excellent cast and beautiful setting for a warm nice movie. They don't make many like this anymore. Must see and a great movie to own.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|Very useful product. I am elderly and sit on my front porch most of the day. I have wrought iron railings on the porch. I hang this product from the rails and use it for snacks and drinks when I need them. Two things would prove extremely helpful, additional straps at the bottom to match the ones at the top and I took some empty short sweet corn cans and cleaned them in the dishwasher and made sure of no sharp edges where they were opened and inserted them in the proper places and my can of diet Mountian Dew slips right in with just one hand and I do not have to wrestle with it to get it in the proper place. JB
B0018YIFEK|5.0|Jodi Picoult has given us a sad but powerful book on the effects a seriously ill child can have on an otherwise normal family.  At the age of two Kate was diagnosed with a form of leukemia and from that day her family's life was changed forever.  Her parents became obsessed with her condition and it is hard to blame them up to a point.  But Picoult cleverly gives each character a voice. In alternating chapters we hear from all the major players and our sympathies sometimes change, sometimes waver.<br /><br />There are the parents, Sara and Brian.  Sara is probably the easiest to dislike as she focuses entirely on Kate, completely ignoring Jesse, the older son.  There is a  bone-chilling and emotionally traumatic scene where this angry young boy cuts off his own braces because his mother was too focused on Kate to take him to the orthodontist.  Brian is guilty of the same as well, but he does redeem himself somewhat when he rescues Jesse from his horrific new \\"hobby\\" and apparently does guide him in the right direction.  Anna is the younger sister, the designer baby, genetically engineered to provide body parts to Kate.  It is Anna's quest to get medical emancipation from her parents, to have the right to decide what happens to her body that is the heart of this story.<br /><br />We watch a family, all its members, dealing with intense grief.  We can feel Sara's pain as she struggles to have both her daughters survive and thrive.  Although it's hard to understand how she gave up on Jesse, the reader sees that her losing sight of her family will cause her eternal grief in the end.<br /><br />Other characters such as Campbell Alexander, Anna's lawyer, and his now-estranged college girlfriend, Julia, all add interesting sidelights to this moving story.  And in the end, it is Kate, the desperately sick child, who gives us the key to understanding what this family was all about.<br /><br />Not an easy book to read, but well worth the pain and the sorrow as the final pages rush headlong into a shocking and unforgettable ending.ng and unforgettable ending.
1423113497|5.0|These are very interesting, exciting and informative books. I have to say I think I am overaged to read these books (I am 23), I think they are more fitted for children, but I had a wonderful time reading them. The books are not only exciting (the fictional quests), but also informative, and that is the reason I like them so much. I knew something about Greek mythology, but not much. After reading these books, I know much more about it. Greek mythology is very interesting, wonderful to read about in combination with exciting quests fulfilled by the main figure Perseus Jackson.
014241011X|4.0|My 6th and 7th greaders loved this book. ALL students enjoyed it, including myself. Everyday when students entered the room, they asked to read \\"The Wicthes.\\" Students engaged in this wonderful fantasy and wanted to help Luke (the boy) and his Grandmamma to defeat the witches after the Grad High Witch turned Luke into a mouse. It was an entertaining reading, which got even my reluctant readers into action.
B001LF347E|3.0|All in all I enjoyed this first season quite a lot.<br />Professionally scripted, filmed and acted, it heavily relies on the charm of the Arthurian myth and on the free use of magic so fashionable these years providing the viewer with hours of easy entertainment. A little TOO easy at times.<br />Said viewer could be even a child of about 10 if a parent were there to do some explaining.<br /><br />That the main purpose of this series be entertainment is perfectly legitimate, but I am convinced that things could and should have been done better even within this limited scope.<br /><br />First and foremost there are heavy qualitative differences in the 13 episodes: scripted and directed by different people they are remarkably different in achievements. Take for instance the episode before the last: throughout there is great attention paid to lighting, to framing and composition. The result is that this episode is vastly superior from every point of view. And it shows, it really does. Why was this attention not paid to all of them?<br />Another irritating problem is the actors' diction: in the first episode it is very theatrical, cristal clear, perfect. Elsewhere, but not everywhere, the same actors slur whole sentences forcing me to use subtitles. Why? Have the creators not established guidelines?<br />They should have. The series is full of inconsistencies (and sketchy plots/characterization/ethics). For example at the start Merlin is said to be capable of making spells with no mouthed incantation. Elsewhere he has to speak just to open a closed door. Sorry, but these mistakes irritate me a lot.<br /><br />To talk about some inconsistencies forces me to introduce others that may be less relevant if one accepts that this series was originally meant for entertainment only. I can see that it might as well be only me who wishes for more attention to be paid to details.<br />The Arthurian myth is extraordinarily confused but if I am not wrong the life of Arthur is supposed to be set in the first centuries A.D. when the Roman army was retiring from Britain and the Latin-Celtic world was collapsing into small states, often at war with each other and facing the first waves of the Anglo-Saxon invasion.<br />I might be wrong but this series seems to be set much later, when Anglo-Saxons were already established and mixed with the rest: Arthur's father is called Uther, for instance, and there are runes -which are Germanic only- everywhere. I am under the impression that most incantations are pronounced in Old English instead of some kind of Celtic. Camelot itself is an enormous, full fledged castle, something I would expect in the X century or even later and several details in the scenes appear to be wrong.<br />Another point is the choice of black actors. Those playing Gwen and her father especially, but there were quite a lot of extras too.<br />Do NOT misunderstand me: they are fine professionals, I loved them, but I somehow doubt that in V century Britain there were so many people of colour, not to mention among the knights.<br />A further point is that the dialogues/gestures and even ethics sound too modern for the time. Was this really necessary for entertainment's sake? Was it not possible to fetch an historian and have him revise the production while preserving the fun?<br /><br />There are several other points I could make but I shall leave it to you to decide for yourself; allow me to stress that a little more accuracy would have been welcomed.<br />Some less sketchy dialogues would have been too: all actors do a decent job and could surely afford better lines and deeper ethics/attitudes.<br /><br />An interesting issue other reviewers have pointed out are the homosexual undertones in the series, especially -and understandably- in the relationship between Arthur and Merlin. Nothing for prudes to worry about though, there is nothing explicit as there is nothing sexual of any sort in any line of the script for any character in the whole first season. It is just a feeling.hole first season. It is just a feeling.
1594489505|5.0|I put off reading this book because I was disappointed with the plot of [[ASIN:B001OLU13K The Kite Runner]] (implausible coincidences that could not be covered by suspension of disbelief). Big mistake - My advice is to run out and get a copy right now!<br /><br />Hosseini weaves a mesmerizing tale covering thirty years in turbulent Afghanistan, shown through the lives of two (sadly, probably typical) women. Mariam and Laila are both orphans who are wedded to the cruel cobbler, Rasheed, and endure decades of abuse and war.<br /><br />This is the first book in a long time I have lost sleep over - once I started reading, I could not put it down.
B001KL3GZO|5.0|This is the best version of this album. The remastering job and the extras are excellent.
0375428550|3.0|The practice exams and instruction were good, but they should be ashamed for presenting a left-wing, anti-american, global warming slant to almost all of the lectures and reading material.  Good way to start indoctrinating young people before they have a good grasp of English.  Despite all of that,  my students did well on the TOEFL exam.
B000059RL3|5.0|This is a must have album for any music lover. The live concert contained on the second disk is from a five year stretch (after Tammi Terrel's death) in which Marvin only played about four concerts. Although this is a flawed performance; because he and the backing band were simply not on the same page for most of the show, it is still a fascinating glimpse of his live show during this period. A much better performance, which has not yet been fully released, is from the '72 Chicago Black Expo and, at least part of the performance, can be found on DVD and on the now out of print album \\"Save The Children\\".<br /><br />Bottom line, buy this version of the album. The \\"extras\\" and the remastering job are truly excellent.
B000DWMYQ8|5.0|As an artist, I have my share of animated movies for their quality animation, story lines and their vivid colors. This movie fits all those categories as well. It's fun, entertaining and colorful. Highly recommend it.
B000FS9FCG|1.0|I wasn't even able to watch the movie (I love the movie) because the DVD skipped so much.  Lesson learned......don't buy used DVD's anymore!
B000VBJEEG|5.0|This is a great, great movie that everyone will enjoy. good story line and quality animation. My only regret is that i didn't see it on the big screen at a movie theatre where I could have really enjoyed & appreciated even more the visuals and great stereo surround sound. For those of you who are squeamish about rats, put aside your fears because this movie is more than worth the price of admission!
B001TODCII|5.0|I picked this up to watch and then read some of the reviews on Amazon about it.  Thank goodness I ignored what most of the naysayers had to write about this one.  I found it highly entertaining, fast paced, and in its own weird way, a sweet story.  The people that say the daughter is a brat, I don't know where they got that from.  She is a naive, slightly goofy 17 year old who at the last minute realizes she got herself in some deep trouble.  She treats her dad (Liam) with respect, and yes, her dad is protective and a bit behind the times, but he is exactly what a dad should be.<br /><br />  And about the violence and body count.  Yep, Liam kills some people.  But each of his 'victims' was tied into the sex slavery business and knew exactly what was going on.  Plus, most were trying to kill him too.  The bad guys didn't mind killing innocent ones, so  they shouldn't have been surprised when their time came.<br /><br />  Some complained about the pipe scene and the shooting of a wife (I don't wanna give too much info away), but if you actually watch the movie, listen to the dialogue, those scenes made sense and worked fine.  Sure, if you missed a few lines of dialogue about why the woman got a flesh wound, then it would seem a bit harsh.<br />  I watched this with my teenager, yeah, it was chancy I guess, but she enjoyed it and wants to see more adventure movies.  It had a few bits of dialogue she didn't need to hear, but was otherwise pretty clean, except some blood here and there.  This did not bore us like Mall Cop and Bedtime Stories.  Those 2 movies were L-A-M-E.  This one was Cool LIAM all the way.
0786838655|5.0|This book is similar to harry potter in that it is fantasy, the main character doesn't know what he is etc., but I believe that this book is much better. The Lightning Thief takes the magical aspect of Harry Potter and combines it with some comedy. throughout the entire book there are jokes and pranks that are up to modern times. There are also a lot of action and fight scenes to keep the book moving. The book is a very easy read and could be read by almost anyone 10+. Anyone who loves fantasy or Harry Potter will really like this book
B000E1MTZE|5.0|The picture quality is great and the sound is amazing too. There are so many things I never really noticed in the original DVD releases.
B000002J09|5.0|Well, definately in the top 5 anyway. Nevermind those who call Led Zeppelin overrated, overplayed, overexemplified, overgreat...etc. If you haven't heard ANY of the songs off this album by now, where have ya been? LOL. Time to ascend from that cave you've been dewelling in, and join the rest of us.     No, but seriously, to the younger audience out there, this is a milestone in what rock & hard rock is all about. Rather than continue to rave about how awesome this album is, I'll give only a brief overview of the album's contents. After all, with now over 1,000 reviews and the majority being four and five star ratings, there isn't much more to written about IV.     Led Zeppelin IV is actually an untitled album. Since half the world's population owns/owned this record either now or at one point, it just has to be called something. Zoso is a popular one. Another is Four Symbols(based on symbols found on the inner sleeve representing each band member). The Fourth Album is notably cited by Robert Plant. The more popular title by fans is what I title it myself, Led Zeppelin IV. This is because it follows in the line of numerical order of their first three, I, II, III.    Now,onto the musical content.    The album begins on a heavy note. The first two tracks (also singles) are known as two of Zeppelin's heaviest tracks of their career. In fact, many may call 'Black Dog' and 'Rock and Roll' their two \\"metal\\" hits. Page's riff & solos and Bonham's drumming are nothing short of intricate on each of these songs. Plant's vocals still give me goosebumps when he shrieks and hits those near impossible high 'octave' notes. A wake up start to an excellent album.    Things quite down with the next two tracks. The third effort, Battle of the Evermore is a nice ballad with a Robert Plant vocal duet featuring Sandy Denny (of Fairport Convention). Evermore is a folk-rock track that features an acoustic guitar and a mandolin. No bass nor percussion. It was obvious the band were continuingin the path of folk-rock as presented on their prior release, [[ASIN:B000002J1U Led Zeppelin III]].    Stairway to Heaven is the following track and needs no introduction. If you're reading this and have no idea what Stairway to Heaven is...well, it's a darn great song which gets overplayed for a reason. From the opening acoustical intro, to the heavier midsection, to the faster ending, this song never skip's a beat. Jimmy Page once stated the song, \\"speeds up like an adrenaline flow\\". I believe it has been the most played rock song in the history of mainstream radio. Interestingly as much attention and airplay this track has gotten, it was never released as a single.     Misty Mountain Hop is another gem, and a classic from this early day album. It's medium tempo pace is a real rocker, especially from Bonham, who gives one of his best performances here. Plant's vocals throughout the song also give me goosebumps when I blast the song on my stereo. Yes, he's that good.    Going to Califorina is another track, just like Battle of Evermore, is non-electric and features no percussion. The album itself slows down once again, as Page proves he can play more than just electric. Plant really compliments him well.    The final track is an excellent closer for the album. When the Levee Breaks begins with Bonham's superb skills to which rap owes it's gratitude for. Many people don't realize that this song is another cover of Zeppelin's by original artist Kansas McCoy and Memphis Minnie back during the 1920's. I recently heard this original version and must state that Zeppelin did a good job giving the blues track a harder edge to it. Robert Plant plays the harmonica on their version (of course).    There you have it, a very simple breakdown of the infamous Led Zeppelin IV album. You may have noticed I left out Four Sticks. A good song, yes, but meant to be an abstract piece left on the album, rather than off as an outtake. Plus, John Bonham used \\"four sticks\\" while drumming for this track. Other than this instrumental, every song had the potential to be radio singles. In fact, on many classic rock stations, each of these songs can be heard. Except for Four Sticks which may not be.     Go out and buy this album NOW! No matter you musical preferece, this is a MUST BUY!!!
B001RIY4WE|5.0|This blu-ray has set a new standard for high quality production. It is visually stunning from the menus to the additional features to the closing credits of the movie.
B001TI9N7I|4.0|A friend recommended this book to me, and I enjoyed it very much.  This is a different kind of thriller, but definitely not for the faint of heart.  It's very graphic in some areas, and the European mores were a little \\"out there\\" for me, but the intrigue made it a fascinating read.  It's worth the time for sure.
B0026J8LHM|5.0|The new Dream theater album has arrived!  This album blew my mind, and has become one of my all time fav albums to come out in a very long time. Its also my opinion the strongest Dream Theater album out there with scenes from a memory right besides it. It has everything you'd want from a Dream theater album. Great songwriting, Great musicianship, melodic great vocals!, Crazy solos, Memorable melody's, Progressive arrangements, and Heavy Crunching riffs!    1 - A nightmare to remember  A Nightmare To Remember is the best Dream theater album opener sinse A Glass Prison. This song starts off with a piano intro and than leads into one of the heavyest songs dream theater ever composed. Its a 16 min prog metal journey. Lots of catchy riffs. Lots of double Bass! There is also a mellow section that is really beautiful in this song. it has very catchy vocal melodys. This song is like systematic/Train of Thought meets Scenes from a memory.    2- a right of passage  a right of passage is one of the catchiest songs on the album. Its a classic 8 min long prog metal song. Heavy riffs, and a very catchy melodic chorus. there is a great thrash metal sounding solo section in this song! petrucci and rudess rip some killer solos! great high energy song!    3-Wither  Wither is your classic heavy metal band's ballad. Its a catchy mellow rock tune and its a nice breather from the first 2 heavy tracks. a nice classic dt ballad. very images and works meets scenes    4-the shattered fortress  Shattered fortress is the last part of mike portnoys AA sage (glass prison, this dying soul, root of all evil, repentance)It brings back a few memorable riffs from those songs played a bit differently. There is also new riffs added too. The solos in this song are all new and fantastic! its a great closing to the AA saga, and its a awesome heavy headbanging prog metal song!    5-The Best Of Times  The best of times is a amazing epic song that is dedicated to portnoys Father. it starts out with a piano and violin, and soon enters a acoustic guitar melody. it eventually builds into a High energy prog rock epic! Its very Rush influenced. this song is melodic, and absolutely beautiful! its very classical influenced too. the song fades out with john petruccis guitar solo and it sends shivers down my spine.    6-The Count Of Tuscany  The count of Tuscany is a 20 min prog masterpiece, and its now one of my all time favorite dream theater songs overall. The song writing on this song is so great that i can listen to this 20 min song over and over. it starts out with a clean nice guitar melody, and john petrucci opens it up with a melodic great guitar solo. at that moment u know the song is going to be a classic. it builds into a very rush and frank zappa influenced progressive rock section, and soon builds to a heavy midsection with some thrashy riffs. soon it goes into a classic dream theater instrumental section that sounds very scenes from a memory. that soon leads into a beautiful guitar solo. petrucci's playing is phonemical on this album. The solo is one of his most emotional beautiful solos, and that section leads to a acoustic section. after a few mins distorted guitar and synth strings kick in and we get another great guitar solo, and a very rush sounding outro. the song is amazing! and i think it surpasses a change of seasons    This is one of Dream theaters finest albums ever i recommend it to any metal, and prog rock fan! This is also a Great Vocal performance by James Labrie! Check out the album ASAP!
B00133KFGW|5.0|I fell in love with this movie when I first saw it, and decided that I just had to have it in my collection of movies.  Freddie Highmore is adorable as August Rush, and does a good job showing his struggle to find his parents. This is a great family film, with a wonderful cast.
B0028SVXR6|2.0|I've alsways liked the mars volta, and all their releases always had something i liked about them. This album just seemed to drag. Its too slow paced, and not the mars volta i've come to know over the years. Im not just saying this because its a \\"acoustic\\" album. there are bands that put out brilliant \\"acoustic\\" albums in the past like opeth, and borknagar. I love long songs but these are long songs that go no where. they mostly range in the 8 min mark, and there are barely any changes in the songs. This album is nor the Prog rock band i came to love. There are only 2 songs that caught my attention. Cotopaxi, and Luciforms. thats less than 20% of this album. not enough for me to rate above 2 stars. not my cup of tea...
1595141715|5.0|As a secondary English teacher for the last sixteen years, I felt drug deeper and deeper into the psychological world of teenagers as I continued to read.  I realize this is fiction, but it screamed harsh truth.  I kept picturing possible Hanna Baker's that have sat in my classroom.  Although many teachers will shy away from reading this book in class because of some of the graphic material, I feel it is a wonderful choice for a book club.  Through this novel, teenage boys and girls will discover an opportunity to discuss the real truths about coming of age, how to truly seek help for depression or suicidal thoughts, the devastating effects of \\"jokes\\" and rumors, the chain reaction that may follow one poor decision, being afraid of sharing your feelings, the interconnectedness of relationships...  It is packed with topics that teens must and need to talk through with peers and an adult. The character Hanna faces an inordinate amount of traumatic events which  may appear unbelievable in places, but it is fodder for rich responses.  This novel is a light for anyone in the dark about teenage struggles.  I teach at least 100 students every year, so there are many more than thirteen reasons to read this book.
B001PA0FFO|4.0|\\"Doubt\\"  -----------------------------------  Two powerhouse performances bookend this adaptation of a searing topical play about child molestation in the Catholic Church. Philip Seymour Hoffman shines as a progressive young priest in charge of a mid-1960s Boston parish, and Meryl Streep stars as Sister Aloysius, a conservative nun in charge of the parish school. She is tense and snappish, constantly primed to find fault and to correct bad behavior, and when she comes to suspect the priest of abusing one (or more) of her students, she launches an all-out assault on his character and on his power. This clash is multi-layered and complex, touching on issues of religious orthodoxy, social change, Church hierarchy (and its gender-based components) as well as on the now-open issue of child abuse within church walls.    As the title suggests, viewers are to be held in suspense by this film, as priest and nun joust and parry with each other, each asserting their own unassailable authority against that of the other. But did he do it... or not?  I thought each of the leads was superb in their roles, each completely inhabiting these characters from a bygone era. Less compelling was mousy, skittish Amy Adams, who plays a young nun caught in the crossfires -- she accidentally rats Hoffman out, but regrets her role in his undoing. Adams' character flits about like a whiffleball, siding with first one, then the other, while awkwardly bearing witness to their titanic struggle.  The trouble is, the struggle fizzles out quickly, and comes to an abrupt end that feels somehow unsatisfying in the context of such a large, elegant film. (I suspect it was much, much more electrifying in the original stage production...)  This was a good film, but I have to *ahem* confess that it didn't totally blow me away.  Certainly worth viewing, though. (Axton)
0783113943|3.0|I wasn't even aware of a censored version until I went to this site. I was just browsing the old stacks & seeing an early Angelina Jolie effort  my interest was piqued. I figured just another beautiful, junkie, dead movie. But she does a stand-out job in this rather lackluster cable tv movie. Gia was a talented, out-of-the box, gorgeous super model. She was also a tortured soul, uncertain of her sexual orientation, fabulously successful & rich too quick. She gets a taste of nose candy & is soon. is mainlining heroin. A few half-hearted attempts to kick the habit fail. Her fall is as spectacular as her rise as she gives up the only person she really loves for the drug. You'd figure if you didn't know the story that an OD would be her end. From using contaminated needles she becomes one of that first generation to contract AIDs. But we didn't know much about it in those days. Then there are the six minutes some full length scenes lingering of her in the all-together. Gratuitous? Tasteful? Dunno. I don't rush out to see Jolie movies, but this one is very dramatic, very good. Her performance that is. The movie itself? Just average.
0307266303|5.0|I downloaded this book to my Kindle based on a quick review, and for the first third of the book I was really enjoying it, thinking it was great fiction.  I gradually realized that it was non-fiction, and that's when the book became even more fascinating.  McDougall has an excellent writing style, but what he writes about is what really gets you.  It will change how you view human endurance, running, the human spirit and even running shoes.  I'd like to write more, but I've got to go for a quick 50 mile run!
B001FB55HG|4.0|The beginning was really slow, and the action didn't really kick in until a giant robot was harvesting people for the terminator experiments by Skynet. I did like the way they worked in tiny details from the previous terminator movies, like the GNR song John Connor listened to when he was a kid, or Connor saying, \\"I'll be back.\\"<br /><br />I thought they did a pretty good job with the CGI of Arnold's face, but that was towards the end of the movie. Although there wasn't much interaction between John Connor and Kyle Reese, it was interesting to see how Reese got involved with the resistance.<br /><br />The story mainly centered on a proto-type terminator programmed to think it's human, but saying anything more would be a major spoiler.<br /><br />It wasn't a bad story, but I expected more action from a Terminator movie. Also, the way this movie ends, they will still have to do a 5th sequel because we don't see the Arnold terminator reprogrammed, we don't see Reese get sent back, and Skynet is still running the world.<br /><br />I still think [[ASIN:B00008PC2O Terminator 2 - Judgment Day (Extreme DVD)]] was the best one of the four. If you're a big Terminator fan, you might want to check out [[ASIN:1929323263 Skynet (The Terminator Collectible Card Game)]] or [[ASIN:1600104339 Terminator: Salvation Movie Prequel (Terminator Salvation)]].
B00297FEUI|5.0|First I want to say that the first score was great! Along with the movie, I was not dissapointed. The second score makes me excited to see the movie tomorrow.   I'm not sure what movie the first reviewer was watching, but clearly it must have been some other movie than transformers. The first score was also great, along with this one. I guess some people think that they need to analyze everything, and they can't just enjoy good entertainment. Who ever said that Transformers was to be suffisticated and a true work of art. It is just a fun movie with a lot of explosions, and cool transformers! Whoever wants to enjoy a fun movie see both transformers, and enjoy the scores that go along with them!
B001JNND9W|4.0|This movie reflects the times in which it was made. I doubt that Amazon reviewer, Sean Axmaker, whose LinkedIn profile states he attended OSU from 1983 to 1987, has the personal historical perspective to grasp this movie.  His quote, \\"It doesn't really make much sense...\\" reinforces how inadequate his review is.  Lots of things about that era make little sense:  the struggle of the the Freedom Riders of the early '60s (Why isn't James Zwerg a hero in America?), the war in Vietnam in which 58,000 American youth died, or the Kent State shootings (1970) where four students died when fired upon by their own National Guard.    This movie gives a view into a time and place which no longer exists.  I first saw this movie in a drive-in theater when it was a new release. I didn't even think it was odd.  It's more than a movie about cars, more than a movie about drugs; it's a movie about lost/desperate people, and the choices they make.    The fact that this movie is still around speaks volumes for its cross-generational appeal. Thanks to all who have given it good reviews and keep it around through the ever-changing video formats.  All of you are existential heroes too.
B0017ANAZO|5.0|Super Super fast transaction. Everything went so smooth. I will be doing business with you again. The price was awesome. Thanks for great service.
B000056HE9|5.0|It's no wonder that the title of this film refers to the wife of the Bishop, played by David Niven.  Young is at the peak of her beauty; she steals every scene she's in, even from Cary Grant.  Watch her in her minimalistic acting:  she's an acting pro who practices the advice Spencer Tracey, who once loved Young, gave Burt Reynolds that in acting \\"less is more.\\"  Whether or not you like Young, you have to admit there is a radiance to her beauty.  She is perfect for this role.  Now that her career is undergoing a re-evaluation (primarily because of the book The Star Machine), people are now taking a second look at her movies, especially those of the early 1930's.  Although TV made her into an even bigger star and a household name, many people have forgotten her many fine films.  Even in Platinum Blond, Young had top-billing, and as lovely as Jean Harlow was, it is still Young's film:  her acting and beauty shine throughout the film.  I'm glad The Bishop's Wife has become a tradition in many American families during Christmas because it's message is so appropriate.  It's a film that doesn't knock you over the head with didacticism.  Just sit back and enjoy the film, and all the other actors who also shine, including James Gleason, Elsa Lanchester, Monty Whooley, and of course, Cary Grant and David Niven.  But in this viewer's opinion, the film belongs to Loretta Young.  The camera is love with her face, and notice in every scene with Cary Grant, more light is cast upon her than the man with the top billing, Mr. Grant himself.  He made one other film with Young, and I'm sure he knew that in his scenes with Young, she'd steal the scene without doing a thing.  Such is the power of beauty!
0307341569|5.0|\\"I have a meanness inside me, real as an organ.\\" Thus begins another winner by Gillian Flynn, although not a good choice for the squeamish.  She writes with brutal honesty and cutting sarcasm, not always pretty. On the first page alone.....\\"Me going to school in my dead sisters' hand-me-downs: Shirts with mustardy armpits........and I always had bulging pockets under my eyes, drunk-landlady eyes.\\" Exquisite! And this: \\"I was not a lovable child, and I'd grown into a deeply unlovable adult. Draw a picture of my soul, and it'd be a scribble with fangs.\\"  And this is just the first page! How can  you not be drawn in?  For those of you who never harbor ill-will or murderous venom, you will not relate.    Libby Day begins as a thoroughly unlikeable character, manipulative, self-pitying, quick to blame others for her present state of affairs.  By the time we've finished her journey (read other reviews for the plot), she's figured out how to connect with other people again, although she never quite forgives herself for \\"trying to do the right thing and f***ing up completely.\\"      Are there problems?  A few--I wasn't crazy about the satanic angle here.  But otherwise, a darn tootin' story, told well.
B001WCBPCW|5.0|Big fan here... love the 1st two albums and seen them live twice! Once in Paris and once in Orlando... Kasabian is just too damn cool.  Underrated undershmated, who cares as long as they keep putting out good music.  Maybe I don't want them to become huge and ruin themselves like so many others before them?  And now... now... they team up with one of my all-time favorite producers, Dan the Automator?  Yeah, I have stains in my pants now.  f*** Gorillaz, have you ever heard of Handsome Boy Modeling School or Deltron 3030?  That's where Dan's true genius shines (but hey, Gorillaz is good to, I'm just saying... Dan's done better things than Gorillaz 1!).  But for you people who just HAVE to have that indie cred, Dan has worked with Del The Funkee Homosapien, Damon Albarn, Daryl Palumbo (Head Automatica 1), Cornershop and Mike Patton.  I buy music I love and steal the stuff thats just ok... I am buying Kasabian's 3rd album!!
B001TH16DI|5.0|I will eventually fill this space in with more-detailed comments, but I have to remark on the issue of the \\"restoration\\" of ST2.<br /><br />Paramount made a mistake in announcing that it had been \\"restored\\". The implication was that all the films needed restoration (to some degree) and the others had not been restored.<br /><br />The opposite, of course, is true. ST2 was restored because it apparently needed it. It is the (relatively) worst-looking of these films: slightly soft, and with not-quite-right color. It is, nevertheless, really good-looking, and worth the BD transfer.<br /><br />\\"Star Trek: the Motion Picture\\" needs some defending. It suffers from less-than-snappy dialog, and a groan-inducing ending to a story whose theme has been explored in hundreds of science-fiction works. Yet, it is one of the most-beautiful motion pictures I have ever seen, capturing a real sense of the mystery and wonder of the universe, something rarely seen in SF films. And it has Jerry Goldsmith's magnificent score, a true masterpiece, which both complements and enriches the film.<br /><br />The deleted bits that appear in the \\"Director's Cut\\" are included as a supplement. They add nothing to the film, but in a movie so lacking humor, it would be nice to have Ilya's line \\"I will not take advantage of sexually immature species\\" restored.<br /><br />I saw ST:tMP in first run, and the Blu-ray transfer is a meaningful improvement on what I saw in the theater. Even if you think you don't like the film, give the Blu-ray a chance. Heck, where else are you going to see Deforest Kelly with a thick, \\"I wanna grab it\\" beard?
B00192IV0O|2.0|Typically, the Black Eyed Peas put out a great product.  This latest album, however, is very boring.  I purchased the special 2-disc edition at Target for $9.99 during the 1st week of release.  The free bonus disc is actually better than the new material.  Other than \\"Boom Boom Pow\\", the other new songs are boring and uninteresting.  I have listened to the new album once with no immediate interest in hearing it again anytime soon.  It will go on my iPod, and the free bonus disc will get more play than The E.N.D. album.    More notably, however, is the lyrical content.  This album deserves a Parental Advisory sticker but does not have one.  Parents may want to try and listen to the album before allowing someone under the age of 13 or 14 to listen to it.  Numerous uses of the \\"s\\" word, \\"n\\" word, and some other suggestive references.    All-in-all, an unimpressive effort from an otherwise talented group.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This is one of the greatest shows ever.  You will not be disappointed!!! I bought season one on the recommendation of a friend and after watching all 14 episodes I had to order HBO so I could watch season two.
B00000J9HF|2.0|I bought this based upon the positve reviews, and recoiled from my headphones in revulsion on first hearing. \\"What bizarre sort of hushed, contemplative oratorio am i hearing?\\" Over the coming months, i listened to it innumerable times, convinced the problem was my ears and not the recording - after all, I liked Giulini's similar refined, revisionist approach to Verdi in his nearly-contemporaneous Trovatore. In the pre-dawn hours today, I finally gave up. This is lifeless, still-born, overly rarefied Verdi with no fire, no passion, no character, no thrills. Its well-played, well-sung and an abortion and a travesty. The only reason I would recommend it is for the superb Gilda of Cotrubas, one of the best on record, but just as you cannot have Trovatore without a soprano, you cannot have Rigoletto with ONLY a soprano, but no drama, sensation, or that sense of a farce gone horribly wrong, that dark hilarity that impels the music forward. It's a Rigoletto without an operative curse working itself out, wan, castrated, constipated. This is perhaps the worst recorded example of a major conductor's imagination and intelligence failing him I've ever heard, utterly lacking in faith in the material as the Vienna Phil is permitted to slather their sickeningly pungent fondu and whipped cream broth over the score, as if running away from Italy and all it stands for as fast as they can. Repulsive. I cannot believe the number of 5-star reviews for so noxious a betrayal of the opera, the composer, the performers, and the audience.
B001SGEUNI|5.0|Just like the title of their website, this band rocks! Lzzy Hale is an amazing vocalist, their guitarist can play sweet leads and they work very well together as a band. I think everyone who is into rock should pick up this album. My boyfriend listens to metal a lot and even he likes this album.     I would say \\"I Get Off\\", \\"Familiar Taste of Poison\\" (that song is morbidly awesome!), \\"What were you expecting?\\" and \\"Dirty Work\\" are the best songs on the album, but her voice is definitely unique and she is a beautiful person. I met this band a few times (they are from my area) and they were really cool people.     BUY THIS ALBUM!
0321012542|4.0|Product was in good condition and arrived promptly.  Packaging was starting to tear open, and the package used was very messy when ripped open.  Understandable however, because this book is huge so the only other way to ship it would be in a box...the bags just don't quite hold up.  Other than that, good price good buying experience, good seller.
B001HXOO88|5.0|This book was in perfect condition on arrival. The book was a gift to one of my students as a graduation gift. He had been a cheerleader for President Obama's election, he was overwhelmed with a beautiful hardcover book.
B001RTCP1A|5.0|Pitch Black is one of my favorite scary movies.  The crash at the beginning is one of the best crashes I have ever seen on film.  The planet they crash-land on has several suns so the filmmakers use overexposure and different colors which really pop on Blu-Ray.  Instead of gore the filmmakers use the suspense of the dark night and the characters who don't really trust each other, but must depend on each other to survive (there is a small amount of gore, however).  The night scenes look great on blu-ray - I noticed no graininess on my TV.  In fact, the entire movie was very sharp and the sound fantastic.  Vin Diesel is the Clint Eastwood of Sci-Fi, a man of few words but a LOT of character.  This is still my favorite Vin Diesel film.
1401923119|2.0|I have no medical background so I skipped through much of the technical aspects, but I'll just add one more thing in case someone catches this:  Lipton holds seminars which actively engage the audience in use of kinesthesiology to \\"speak to the subconscious,\\" the methods used in this seminar are far from scientific, more like the regular pseudo-science bull crap.  I believed his \\"scientific\\" background until I saw the video.  Any true scientist has to question the validity of his experiments, and he did not in this case.  However, some theories are entertaining at the least, and the whole book is not at a loss.
0385736002|5.0|Intriguing story but has a cliff hangar ending because of the sequals. Don't buy until book six (the last book of the series ([...])is out. This is NOT AT ALL related to harry potter despite suspicions because of the sorcer's stone was maade by nicholas flamel but nicholas is a common character because of his reputation. Book 1 The Alchemyst, Book 2 The Magician, Book 3 the sorceress, book 4 the necromancer, book 5 the warlock, book 6 the enchantress.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|This movie is a gripping masterpiece not only because of its action but also because of the way in which if is filmed. I believe that this was shot with Citizen Kane in mind. The dramatic screen shots to the slow motion capture emotion that if not used might have categorized this as a \\"B\\" movie.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|That's pretty much it - it's one of the best movies of 2008 in a package that includes some very solid extras.  My favorites are the film-making extras that pop up at various points during the film if you enable them.  They give you great looks into the makings of the film.      The quality is, of course, amazing.  The IMAX sequences look especially great in HD, although it is a bit distracting to switch back and forth between the IMAX and normal aspect ratios.      BD-Live is not quite there yet, as there is not much content available and it runs very slowly.  This can be fixed with more content and firmware updates though.  It is not a reason to avoid buying this DVD, as it is one of the best blu-rays I own.  The digital copy is a sweet bonus as well.  Overall, a great buy, and if you liked the film, you'll certainly like this Blu-Ray.
1592402038|5.0|This book provides complete uses of punctuation in the most humorous way possible.  It's a must for virtually everyone.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|This movie rocks! I wasn't sure that it would be, but within the first five minutes, I was hooked! Clint Eastwood really knows how to draw you in at the first scene. This movie shows all that is good about people who are no-nonsense, get-to-the-point, and believe that being politically correct is crap. Eastwood plays this part brilliantly when he portrays Walt Kowalski, an old Korean War veteran who is greatly misunderstood and taken for granted by his family. He eventually befriends an Asian boy named Tao and mentors him on the finer points in being a man. He also looks out for Tao's sister Su and their family that live next door to him. Kowalski stands up against gangs that hang frequently in the neighborhood, and grows very close to Tao and his family. He sees the differences in his family and Tao's and sees the shallow and fake concern of his own family contrasted with the warm, inviting comraderie of Tao's family. Granted, there is a lot of swearing and some violence in this movie, so would not be appropriate for children. However, it seems to fit into this type of movie. Yay to Clint Eastwood-he's done it again!!! Very refreshing to see a character like his play someone who calls it like he sees it w/o political correctness that is shoved down our throats nowadays. Just watch it, you'll LOVE it!
B001N18HOQ|5.0|this is the way they should remix,remaster and rerelease cd's. you have the original remastered and then you get another remastered and remixed along with brother, one of the best unreleased songs ever
0240810961|5.0|I am awe-struck and in total amazement about these incredible collections of teachings. These are absolutely the best books for aspiring animators, artists and seasoned veterans of the animation trade. You will be blown away when you actually read through the processes, techniques and experiences of the masters who experienced Walt's teaching style. I only wish I could have been there to experience first-hand these insights into drawing, thinking and inspiration. I recommend these books to ALL artists!
0062515675|5.0|I love this book.  It in some ways changed my life.  Sounds cheesy, but it's true.  The messages in it are so true and Robin Sharma makes it so simple to make small changes in your daily life to help relieve stress, look towards a better future, and reach your potential in any area of life.  I think it will make me a better wife, mother, and help me with my career.  I bought it so I can reread it over and over.  Just amazing!<br />Jean<br />Moms Helping Moms Work From Home<br />[...]
B001DJLCRC|5.0|I heard about Breaking Bad from a co-worker.  I watched the minisodes on Hulu and then bought the Season 1 DVD set.  The show is entertaining, intriguing and all the actors do a fantastic job.  I can't wait to watch more of Season 2.  We saw Aaron Paul in Hollywood at a local store - love living in the same city as the talent!
B001FB4W0W|3.0|I bought and devoured all the books about this story line (Sookie and Bon Temps Vampires) and was excited to see it come to life on the screen. So I purchased the dvd set because I don't have HBO. At first it was exciting seeing another's perspective on the story line. But as the story unfolded it began to stray further and further away from the beloved original story to the point were I found myself frustrated because it just got ridiculous. If you keep  in mind that it will not be even close to the original story, it is a good series for tv entertainment value. However,  I will not be buying the next series on DVD though because I found it was just not worth the money based on my expectations that it would at least do the original book series some basic justice. Disappointed....
B000002OX7|5.0|the who's best release, won't get fooled again, baba o riely , bargain and behind blue eyes make this seem like a greatest hits cd.
B001TODCII|3.0|1.  I was mildly disappointed by the time this movie finished, not because it was bad, but my expectations were higher than the reality.<br /><br />2.  Overall, a good / solid action movie, good acting, good story etc... however nothing beyond that which would move it into the exceptional category.  ie, definitely rent the DVD, but it doesn't merit purchasing it for one's collection.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|This is an amazing video and cd.  I can't stop listening to it and watching it - I see and hear new things each time.  It is FANTASTIC!
0061478784|5.0|Sophie Hatter, the eldest of three daughters, lives in the town of Chipping Market which is in the kingdom of Ingary. Sophie is very good with the needle, she makes beautiful hats and dresses. Sophie works in the Hat Shop with her two sisters, Lettie and Martha, and her stepmother, Fanny.<br /><br />Eventually when Sophie's two sisters move out and find their own careers, she accepts the fact that being the eldest means you will have a very uninteresting life and she will not be able to seek her fortune. With her sisters gone Sophie is left to run the shop with her stepmother. Sophie is usually left running the shop on her own most of the time. With no one there to talk to, but hats, that's what she does; talk to the hats.<br /><br />One day Sophie is tired of her life, tired of being the eldest and not being able to seek her fortune. She's left to run the shop alone again when a very rude woman comes in and asks for a hat. Every hat she hands the woman, the woman doesn't seem to like it. Sophie is tired of putting up with everything; she insults the woman and the woman responds with turning Sophie into a very old woman. It turns out that this woman was The Witch Of The Waste.<br /><br />I'm not going to say anymore because I don't want to spoil the book for anyone, but this book is absolutely wonderful. Very good and funny read.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|This is one of the best debuts of all time. Pearl Jam-Ten , Guns n Roses-Appetite and Van Halen 1.BEST DEBUTS EVER. From \\"Runnin' With The Devil\\" to \\"On Fire\\" every track is a classic and \\"Eruption\\" is today still the benchmark guitar solo for all rock guitar players.
0439023483|4.0|First let me say that yes, this book is very similar to other books such as Battle Royale by Koushin Takami, but it is still a very good read. It is a brutal book with fun and dangerous characters, though this is not a book for young readers but may perhaps be an intro book for teens to this type of writing. I am a 22 year old in my masters program and it was perfect relief from the tedium of school work. I loved the book and can not wait for the next in the series to come out.
0385340575|4.0|I have been a huge fan of Lee Child since I first read one of his books, persuader.  I have read rest of his books since.  Unfortunately, I did not really enjoy Mr. Child's last three books.  They seemed rushed to me.  But I gotta say I really enjoyed this one.  So much so, I finished in two days.  I recommend it.
0195145925|5.0|Challenging concept, but Barbour makes cogent arguments for time being a perception, not a reality of material existence. We can say the same for the substantial appearance of matter being a perception, not a reality. Matter is empty space woven through with countless patterns embedded in patterns of evolving relationships-but nowhere do we actually find any substance--this is not conjecture but fact of measurements beginning with Rutherford and ending at Fermilabs. Our perception of substance is real, but it is largely the electromagnetic force at work. So seeing time as a perception of change as we navigate through a limitless space of probabilities is at least plausible.
1400082773|3.0|I enjoyed this very personal memoir, especially the middle section on his work as an organiser in Chicago. The material in the last third of the book when Obama returns to Africa to trace his roots is a little less engaging primarily because it gets bogged down in family details that are clearly important to the writer but tend to slow the narrative to a dragging pace. Overall an impression is given of Barack Obama as a compassionate, intelligent and thoughtful person. I look forward to reading his more developed political ideas in his \\"Audacity of Hope\\" and of course seeing how it all works out once he is in the White House.
B000N6TX1I|4.0|I originally watched children of men of HBO awhile ago, and i just had to to buy it.  The director did an excellent job in directing the movie and in my opinion the camera work does this movie well.  What i would wish for however is that the begging of the movie didn't just drop you into the near future.  It adds to the effect of the movie that's just what i would like.  He also did an awesome job in shoot em up (or something like that)
B0007M22TI|5.0|I bought this to replace my spouse's copy of the CD, lost when his car was totalled in an accident last Sept.  He wasn't hurt, but the guy who hit him was.  It's even BETTER than the CD because you can SEE the lovely Celtic Women who sang it!
B00192IV0O|1.0|The question is no longer \\"where is the love?\\" but the better question now is \\"where is the talent?\\"
0307455874|3.0|The 44th President of the United States is clearly a man of principle.  It is hard not to like the man who shines through these pages.  The chapter on American foreign policy, however, suffers from more than a dash of that American presumption that the American way of life is superior to all others and that all right thinking people will want to adopt it.  Is it really true that a Baghdad with a Green Zone filled with basketball courts and ice cream stands is a better Baghdad? As historian Meic Pearse has made clear in \\"Why the Rest Hates the West\\" the imposition of western culture on unwilling populaces is usually accompanied by a disregard for existing traditional cultures leading to a view of the western powers are \\"well armed barbarians.\\"  This is not to say that the regimes of Saddam Hussein or of the Taliban were anything less than barbaric themselves. But there are more ways than  the \\"American way\\" to confront violence and repression and there are wellsprings of humane wisdom in much older cultures that deserve respect and should not be simply replaced by Arabic teenagers listening to Britney Spears on their iPods. Still, I don't want to end on a negative note.  I am a big fan of Obama.  There is much sane and balanced wisdom in this book and I hope that his time in office will be as history making as the election itself.
0061478784|5.0|I first read this book when I was is jounior high and I loved it. Then I found out that Hayao Miyazaki made a cartoon adaptation and aside from a few missing parts I loved it and desided to bye the original book. It's a wonderful romance full of magic and adventure!
B0026NWBY2|3.0|While I enjoy all the music contained on this CD, and the remastering on many of these tracks sounds very good, I have to say that I believe the \\"career spanning\\" tag line being used to promote this collection is not just misleading, it is deceptive.<br /><br />There are a number of LPs from Harrison's library that are completely ignored on \\"Let It Roll\\", and a substantial number of songs that charted over the years do not appear here. As other writers have noted, this should have been a two-Cd collection. Among the missing are the following songs: Bangla Desh, You, Dark Horse, Ding Dong, Crackerbox Palace, This Song, Cloud Nine, and Handle With Care.<br /><br />I am a huge fan of Harrison's and bought this collection despite its shortcomings. After getting halfway through my first listening, I was struck by what a missed opportunity to really have a career-spanning collection this release is.
B001TH16DS|5.0|If you recall, the original Season 1 DVD was released for $140 MSRP. I bought mine for $115, so the price for this high-def upgrade is not bad at all.  (And if you think the current price is still too high, just wait for the price to drop. Like all the other Star Trek discs, it will eventually be available for half its current amount.)    As for the CGI upgrades:    - They really didn't impress me too much. There's maybe 30 seconds of new footage per episode (on average), which is nothing to get excited about, and the only episodes where I think CGI adds to the storyline are the Doomsday Machine (aka the Horn'o'Plenty) and the Ultimate Computer in later seasons.  In some episodes the CGI is so sparse you can't even see it (like Devil in the Dark).    - In fact, I actually prefer the original episodes with NO upgrades of any kind (just clean the negatives). I liked the model effects/ hand-painted landscapes that were used in the Next Generation, Deep Space Nine, and the Original Series.  They were the result of artists giving months of their lives to bring us entertainment, and those original scenes should be preserved.  (Same goes for the unaltered Star Wars movies.)     Oh one more thing:    - Star Trek's first season is the most solid season of all the series. Gene Roddenberry imported lots of talented writers from the world of science fiction novels (like Harlan Ellison), and both Gene Roddenberry & Gene Coon had many fresh ideas that they had been working on for roughly two years time (1965-67), such that the end result was a fantastic \\"boom\\" on the screen. Nearly every episode I would label as \\"great\\".    - Plus, you don't get a skimpy 20 episodes of only 40 minutes (like today's modern shows). You get nearly 30 high-quality episodes, each 51 minutes long! A great deal.    :-)
B0029LHWHM|2.0|I doubt very much whether a 1,411th review of this book on Amazon will be welcomed or helpful.  Suffice to say I found it a very funny read, filled with numerous fundamental errors about theology that are too numerous to list here.  I suggest one or other of Alistair McGrath's responses to the reader interested in informed discussion of religion that goes beyond this kind of kneejerk fundamentalism.
B001PPLIEG|3.0|Daniel Craig was wonderful as usual, but I was disappointed in this movie. Casino Royale was an excellent movie; however, this one was had too much action and little substance. I hope his next James Bond movie, if there is one, is better than this one.
B001PPLIEQ|1.0|Boy what a piece of junk this film is. This one has got to be playing the Man with the golden gun turkey award card from the 70's. Reducing Bond to a simple action hero/stunt man gag is no laughing matter. Boring, incomphrensible chase scenes, cardboard villains, Attention Deficit disorder film editing and a total lack of respect for the series backround soundtrack and famous opening scene moving circle shoot. This piece of trash left me shaken and stirred. Where oh where is Goldfinger, Casino Royale, OHMSS, From Russia, and Octopussy???? Bond? no Bland!!!
B0026J8LHM|2.0|I wonder if Dream Theater even really cares about what I like to call \\"Quality of Music\\" anymore. I mean COME ON GUYS WE ALL KNOW YOU CAN PLAY!!! I listened to the song \\"A Rite Of Passage\\" on the Roadrunner website and let me tell you I will not be searching this album out to hear the rest. Again Dream Theater have some really great ideas within this song but then they have to get all scared that \\"OH MY GOSH OUR FANS MIGHT FORGET THAT WE CAN PLAY A MILLION NOTES!\\" so what do they do they throw a completly useless middle section in there to not only drag the song out longer then it should be but just so they can have a reason to noodle around. I am not hardcore about this band, I have never been, but the last album that just floored me was \\"Falling Into Infinity\\". The 3 album arc from \\"Images & Words\\" to \\"Falling Into Infinity\\" is great. By the time \\"Scenes From a Memory\\" came out the wheels had already fallen off.   Instead of releasing a cd of 6 or so cover songs maybe they should go back and really listen to those bands, like for example Iron Maiden. Iron Maiden only made songs as long as they had to be & they did their ripping within the confines of the song & they didn't sacrafice quality or the song just so Steve Harris for example could go rip off a 27 note solo of mindblowing muscianship. I would love for Rick Rubin to get hold of these guys, TRIM OFF ALL THE FAT & release an honest to goodness METAL Album. He has worked wonders for Slayer, The Red Hot Chili Peppers & he brought Metallica back from the dead. It's just a shame that with as talented as these guys are & on a label like Roadrunner that they can't take a hint. Maybe one day!!!!
076790592X|4.0|I feel ashamed that when I received this book as a Father's Day gift I thought, \\"Yeah, whatever, another Oprah's book of the month, new age weepy spouting inane little philosophy of life aphorisms.\\"  Sure, there are plenty of little life aphorisms here but there is also a lot of real wisdom.  Read in one setting, it left me in tears and on both counts that's a rare thing.
0321356683|5.0|I must admit, I already considered myself a Java expert before reading this book - if it hadn't come so highly recommended, I probably never would have picked it up.  Although I was skeptical that this Joshua Bloch fellow would be able to tell me anything I didn't already know, it turns out that you _can_ teach an old dog new tricks.  This book is written for somebody with likely a few years experience as a professional Java programmer who's ready to advance to the next level.    This isn't about creating functional software - instead, he focuses on the things that are easy to overlook when you're only concern is getting it up and running and out the door.  The book is organized as 78 suggestions which, if overlooked, will come back to haunt you in subtle ways long after you thought you were finished.    If you're a professional Java programmer, you need to take the time to read this book.
B001FB4W16|5.0|I really like the True Blood series. The whole story line is very good and the new twist on the vampire story is believable.  Season 2 is off to a great start. The Blu-Ray version has flawless video and audio. Enjoy!
B001SO69IY|5.0|To quote Redman \\"Hip Hop Is n Trouble the whole game is lacking\\"<br />I Wanta thank Red n Meth personally for this classic!<br />Rap nowadays is Crap! Too many lil cats putting a black eye n the rap game u know who I'm talking bout lil wayne soulja boy kid cudi the list goes on n on<br />Ima qoute METHOD MAN FROM THE 8 DIAGRAMS ALBUM \\"Unlike these lil corner store n***** go change your drawers N*****!\\"<br />This album gives me hope for the rap game! The rap album of the year n the best rap I've heard n almost 3 years! Ever since that punk lil started polluting the game n no talent piece of crap like soulja boy makin a disgrace of rap. In comes Red n Meth to the rescue!<br /><br />The intro let's u know they are back the rap cheech n chong r n the building!<br />So what if they still rap bout weed n good p****! My favorite rapper Andre Nickatina still raps bout cocaine n u don't hear me complaining cuz what it comes down to is LYRICS!!! N Red n Meth have them n spades homie! I guarantee u will Laugh n smile at the clever punchlines Red n Meth spit N the Beats R top notch as well! There r only 2 songs I don't care for n they R<br /><br />Lil Bit- I heard it once n that's all it took thankfully this is at the very end of the album, I hate the hook its not what Red n Meth r about<br /><br />I Kno Sumptin- Not a very good beat at all it ruins their flows but the flows r on point if only it had aother beat.<br /><br />Now the best tracks r definitely<br />Dangerous mcs(best one especially when Redman says \\"no 1 can stop me then he does the Rocky theme music lol like Rocky!)<br />Diz Iz 4 All My Smokers<br />Bo 2 Intro<br />I'm Dope N****<br />Mrs International<br />4 Min til Lockdown<br />Hey Zulu(put it n the air)!<br />Ayo(very very nice beat, perfect lyrics)<br />Fathers day(super smooth beat 2nd best song kinda short though)<br />City Lights(U know Red n Meth had to get chopped n screwed one time with Bun B)<br />How bout that- (Method man comes off hella hard on this 1)<br />Errybody Scream-(Meth n Keith Murray kill it!)<br />Neva Herd Diz b4- Sickest beat on the album n Red n Meth kill it Lyrically top notch)<br /><br />Bottom line get this album there is still hope 4 the rap game I thought rap couldn't be saved but<br />Red n Meth prove me wrong there are still great rappers out there!!!lbum n Red n Meth kill it Lyrically top notch)    Bottom line get this album there is still hope 4 the rap game I thought rap couldn't be saved but  Red n Meth prove me wrong there are still great rappers out there!!!
0060899220|3.0|I bought this book as I am considering the mid-life career change that seems to be a trend lately.  I wanted to know the `inside story' that would balance the glamorous celebrity chef perception that is upon us.  I wanted to know if spending between $40K and $100K to learn how to cook professionally is worth it.  I wanted to use the book as a career guide.<br /><br />Well, I am only slightly the wiser.  The book is definitely entertaining and some of the factual advice that Bourdain provides is very good. E.g. cooking will involve long hours, hard work on days when everyone else is off work, the fact that you will not graduate and automatically be the `next-big-thing', that you need years of experience to be recognized, and so on.  He spells out that, like any industry, you have to earn your reputation assuming you have the talent and skill to even try to earn one.<br /><br />Through other books I have read, much of what he says seems true, but overall the book is more about cooking professionally in NYC than just cooking professionally.  NYC is a place where every responsible job has high demands and every responsible, high paying job is high pressure due to the city's culture and expectations.<br /><br />If you treat the book as one that is meant to entertain and you hope to gain some insight into the industry, then you will not be disappointed.  It is funny, shocking and sometimes crude, much like Bourdain seems to be if you have ever watched his TV show.<br /><br />Well worth a read for the non-chef-wanna-be, but if you have a love of food, its preparation and its integrity, then you will get much more out of it.
0312370849|5.0|SARAH'S KEY by Tatiana De Rosney is a well-written journey beginning with the horrific violations of the Nazis and cooperating French police in Paris in 1942 and the Vel' d Hiv roundup of thousands of Jewish families.  Sarah's story is interwoven with that of Julia Jarmond, an American journalist living in Paris, who is assigned to write about this not spoken of atrocity.  The fate of Sarah and eventually Julia is heart-wrenchingly sad.      The book is so upsetting, in parts, that I found myself only able to read 6 or 7 pages at a sitting.  My only negative comment is that, at times, I thought the story a bit contrived; written to pull even more on my emotionally charged heartstrings.      SARAH'S KEY should be on everyone's must read list as much for the historic facts and insight it imparts, as for the complicated tale it weaves.
B001AVEJ1Y|4.0|The two hours I spent watching \\"Star Trek\\" was the best time I've had, in the theatre or anywhere, for a good long while.  I do not consider myself a Trekker by any stretch of the imagination, but what attracts me to \\"Star Trek\\" are not the plots or the gadgets, but the characters that inhabit the bridge of the USS Enterprise.  And what characters these are. The central friendship between the very human loose cannon Capt. James Tiberius Kirk and his half-Vulcan, buttoned-down first officer is the centerpiece of this world and the beating heart of everything else that goes on on the Enterprise.   Butch had his Sundance Kid; Matthau had Lemmon--these two have each other.   JJ Abrams found two young and relatively obscure actors who pay homage to their esteemed predecessors by channeling their unique energies without exactly aping them,  and who at the same time manage to bring something fresh to this classic pairing for a new generation of fans.  Chris Pine is quite the find as the youthful Kirk, a naturally-brilliant cadet  whose academic career has been derailed by his propensity for chasing women and getting into bar fights.  He has perhaps the trickier job of suggesting his predecessor without lapsing into parody than Zachary Quinto has channeling Spock.  Without resorting to William Shatner's imminently parody-licious  staccato delivery and other physical quirks, Pine, with his direct blue gaze still conveys Kirk's directness, recklessness and what Roger Ebert called his \\"Falstaffian lust for life.\\"  He still feels a bit too immature and inexperienced to be captaining a Starfleet vessel; indeed, the entire cast is young, making this feel at times like the \\"Bugsy, Jr.\\" version of Star Trek.   In this version, the entire crew of the new Starship Enterprise has been plucked from their studies at the Starfleet Academy and hastily commissioned to go to war with the Romulan menace posed by Eric Bana's Nero.  These are not seasoned officers, though Spock and Dr. Leonard\\"Bones\\" McCoy (Karl Urban, drolly channeling DeForrest Kelley in a spot-on impersonation) are presented as slightly older than the rest of these space kids.   The eldest crew member, engineer Montgomery \\"Scotty\\" Scott appears late--Simon Pegg doesn't look anything like James Doohan but his thick brogue is even more cheerfully incomprehensible.   In one update more in keeping with today's Cineplex sensibilities than Gene Roddenberry's original vision, Commander Spock has a romantic (and reciprocated) attachment to his former student/very junior officer Uhura, played by Zoe Saldana as if she might be auditioning for a Charlie's Angels in Space movie.  She's cute enough to stir the most repressed male passions, but Nimoy's Spock would deem this openly demonstrative physical relationship with a female subordinate `highly illogical', never mind inappropriate.  As serviceable as everyone else is, I think Quinto's is the standout performance here.  We first meet Spock as a child genius on his home planet, where he is bullied daily at school for his maternal parentage.  Spock's human heritage had been often referred to but never fully explored before; insulting his mother is the stoic Spock's one Achilles heel, and the one thing guaranteed to make him lose control.   Quinto bears a striking resemblance to the young Leonard Nimoy, and rocks the ears, the eyebrows and the Vulcan bowl cut even better, making them actually quite sexy.  He cuts a tall and elegant figure on the bridge.  A bridge that was his until he gave away his command for what he saw as emotionality unbecoming an officer.  Hence, the raw and rambunctious cadet Kirk becomes Captain Kirk.  Along the way we watch these two temperamental opposites bicker and snipe and detest each other on their way toward becoming lifelong soul/space buddies.  No doubt a sequel, first of many in this new franchise, is on the way.  With Pine and Quinto on the deck, it should be a voyage worth strapping ourselves in for.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|I grew up with \\"Star Trek:  The Next Generation.\\"  Since I didn't have cable, I rarely got the chance to watch the original Star Trek series.  As I grew older, however, I got to watch TOS and found myself preferring it to TNG.  It didn't matter how many new incarnations of Star Trek hit the television or the big screen, so long as no one messed with the original characters and the actors who portrayed them, I was fine.<br /><br />Then comes along J.J. Abrams.<br /><br />I have to admit that I followed the developments of the latest, re-imagined \\"Star Trek\\" film quite closely.  I had my doubts about what could be done to the characters and the storyline.  When it was finally announced that the new film would be one of the first big summer flicks out of the gates in 2009, a part of me cringed whilst another part of me flooded with joy.  I was excited to see a new Trek, but I was also worried about how screwed up it might be.<br /><br />Fellow Trekkers rest easy.  J.J. Abrams has pulled off a near-perfect film here.  He's taken the best parts of TOS and blended it into a storyline that pays homage to the original show but also leaves the characters open to entirely new adventures.<br /><br />In the film, a rogue Romulan named Nero (Eric Bana) has a bone to pick with Spock.  In order to exact revenge on Spock, Nero and his allies travel back in time and literally split history into two pieces when they change a key event.  With this new timeline in place, we get a chance to watch old friends develop under new circumstances.<br /><br />We get to see Kirk, Spock, Bones, and the rest of our favorite crew develop and grow in an entirely different (yet always familiar) setting.  Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto and Karl Urban have, quite possibly, the biggest shoes to fill in this film.  Pine does a wonderful job as Kirk.  He has all of the William Shatner Kirk's swagger and many of his mannerisms as well.  Quinto does an excellent job as Spock, although his version of Spock is placed into a much more emotionally challenging situation and thus we get a much more emotional Spock.<br /><br />Of all the actors taking over these classic roles, Karl Urban stands above them all.  He simply nailed the character of Dr. McCoy.  From Bones' famous \\"I'm a doctor, not a (insert any other occupation here)\\" to his grumpy attitude, Urban seems to have channelled DeForest Kelley for this role.<br /><br />The space battle action is taken up quite a few notches under Abrams' guidance.  While Shatner's Kirk was oftened restrained by his crew (and the show's budget), Pine's version gets to go wide open most of the time.  The special effects look excellent in this film and do not deter from the storyline.<br /><br />So what didn't this new Trek get right?  While Nero is a good villain, he isn't a great one.  Much like a lot of the baddies in the Trek universe, Nero just doesn't stand out from the pack.  I'm not knocking Bana's performance, I just think that the character could have developed a bit more.<br /><br />Also, the film gives a nod to the re-imagined \\"Battlestar Galactica\\" by using jittery, in-focus/not-in-focus camera work.  While the technique works well some of the time, I find it a bit annoying while watching the film.  Some would argue that the camera work adds to the \\"realism\\" of the action going on.  This works in a film like Abrams' \\"Cloverfield,\\" but when you're dealing with Star Trek, I prefer to see as much of the battle happening as I can.<br /><br />Other than these two points, I loved the film.  It was funny, exciting and dramatic all at the same time.  It was also nice to see such wonderful characters get polished off a bit and ready for a whole new set of adventures.<br /><br />If you enter the film with an open mind, you'll leave knowing that although this is a \\"new\\" Star Trek, it's still the same old Enterprise.  Highly recommended to fans of any form of Star Trek.  Also recommended to fans of science fiction and action films as well as the casual filmgoer who believes that all summer films are popcorn flicks.  This ain't no popcorn flick by a longshot.'t no popcorn flick by a longshot.
B001FB4W0W|3.0|I decided to sample Disc 1 of Season 1 to see what all of the brouhaha is about.  Yes, I can now see the appeal--a creative blend of parody, social commentary and larger-than life outlandish characters. Although I'm not motivated to invest more viewing time in this series, I can readily commend it to others as very good escapist diversion
B0010X8NF0|3.0|Wes Anderson's THE DARJEELING LIMITED has three brothers meeting up for a train journey through India after a year of not talking. The youngest Jack (Jason Schwartzman) is a budding writer and womanizer, Peter (Adrien Brody) is a married man intimidated by the prospect of children, and the eldest Francis (Owen Wilson) is a rich business recovering from a motorcycle accident. The three have been separated since the death of their father, and Francis wants them to rediscover their brotherly solidarity.<br /><br />THE DARJEELING LIMITED, for all its &#34;exotic&#34; setting, is pretty similar to Anderson's previous films THE LIFE AQUATIC and THE ROYAL TENNENBAUMS with its story of a family that has long squabbled but which, after many trials and tribulations over the film, finds peace together in the end. Having seen all of Wilson's earlier output, I found THE DARJEELING LIMITED basically repeating a formula. It's an entertaining film to an extent, but Anderson is stuck in a rut. The treatment of India in the film sits uneasy with me. The train journey the brothers take is a fantasy, and the Indians the movie among are stereotypes with none given much of a personality (the two actors playing Indian train employees are in fact Westerners). At one point a village child dies, and it's almost appalling how Anderson uses this to advance the plot of the three brothers as if it were a mechanical action, with no sympathy to how the villagers around them would feel.<br /><br />The cinematography is fairly elegant, and a few slapstick scenes drew a chuckle. Most memorable was a commentary on the trend well-known to travelers that, no matter how much it looks like you'll have a bus to yourself in the Third World, it will always been crammed full by the time it leaves. Still, I find RUSHMORE or THE ROYAL TENNENBAUMS to still be, almost a decade on, Anderson's strongest achievements.
B000FC1192|5.0|Since the movie came out (which I have not seen at this point in time), friends have been calling me \\"Coraline\\" instead of my namesake \\"Caroline.\\"  This number grew to the point where I felt almost obligated to see it, when I discovered that it was a book and decided to go in that direction instead.    For many years, I have loved classic childrens' fantasy works such as those by Lloyd Alexander, George MacDonald, Lewis Carroll, and many others.  Recently, I'd had a hard time finding the sort of joy and satisfaction from other fantasy novels for the younger ones until I read this.    Coraline was the embodiment of a well told story where the character grows yet doesn't fail to entertain.  In fact, this book entertains so as to be delightfully creepy and really took me back into a childlike state of mind.    This is the first book I've read by Neil Gaiman but I do eventually plan to read more of his works if they are as vivid as Coraline.
B00005JLEJ|5.0|I had to watch Kagemusha twice to really appreciate it.  The first time I was more obsessed with my computer and missed key parts, the second time I enjoyed it thoroughly.  The use of color and photography is amazing and considering how low the budget was, Kurosawa did a very nice job.  The story of a Japanese lord who dies and the clan who pushed a thief who resembles the lord to take his place.  Of course, he can only live as long as the clan finds him useful.  Great movie.
B0015HOFZI|5.0|My husband loves his new turn table.  Now all the albums are out of storage and we are on the path of memory lane.  I love being able to create a CD of our fav albums.  Many of them you cannot get on CD.
B001V7YWTQ|4.0|This album is definitely worth having. The selection of songs is superb and I am particularly enamoured by the performance of 'No name, no face, no number', 'Mr Fantasy' and 'Voodoo Chile', which I rank amongst the best rock songs ever written. However, there is something missing for me: the fullness, clarity and immediacy of the the sound on the Clapton double CD live set, 'One more car, one more rider'... I don't know if this was a recording thing or if it had something to do with the composition and sound of the band as they played at Madison Square Garden. Whatever the reason, the truly great music is rendered disappointingly dull. Nevertheless, one thing is for sure: Clapton & Winwood can still do their thing (compare with the embarrassing 'Shine a light' of the Stones!). I am editing this review because, after listening a number of times, this album grows on one. Given the age of these two monolithic rockers, I actually think it deserves five stars. Crank up the volume then the sound improves, it's like \\"after midnight\\" when \\"it all hangs out\\"!
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|I'm torn between love and love-hate for this series. Donna is fantastic, and she and the Doctor are wonderful beyond words. All the episodes are great (\\"Turn Left\\" is probably my favourite) but it's got such a darker tone to it that I can't always enjoy the episodes the same way. Still, it's the Doctor with Donna--brilliant.
044024367X|2.0|totally agree with the other low-star ratings--this was not up to Child's previous high-levels of writing.<br /><br />What was really nagging me about this was:<br /><br />(1) The Military Police post that was (supposedly?) protecting the demolition yard was 10 miles outside of town--how were they supposed to protect it from so far away?  If they had been on-site, they would have kept Reacher from having easy access (and there would have been no book).<br /><br />(2) The underground railway for the deserters also went through the same town? kinda stretches the imagination that both things would be happening in a town of 2300--perhaps a subplot that didn't need to be included.<br /><br />(3) No toothpaste or deodorant? how does he attract the ladies.....?
0786891084|4.0|It's the little things in life that make the difference. \\"Love, Rosie\\" is a series of notes, letters, cards, and e-mails to and from Dubliner Rosie Dunne to friends and family over the span of a half-century.    Beginning with the invitation to her seventh birthday party, we embark on a journey with Rosie as she experiences life, heartbreak, and loss. We watch with her as her daughter Katie grows up, cheer for her as she struggles to get her dream job, and mourn her parents' deaths. And always, we see the close bond between Rosie and her best friend, Alex.    I don't generally enjoy books that entirely copies of e-mails and chat rooms, but Cecelia Ahern has created a wonderfully funny character in Rosie Dunne and the adventures of her life. She keeps you turning pages to see what happens to Rosie next. Little things, indeed.
044024367X|1.0|There is a bookshelf in my office where people leave books they've already read and don't want to keep so that others may enjoy them. Well let me tell you, I KNOW why the former owner of this book didn't feel inclined to keep it! As a matter of fact I almost felt bad putting it back on the shelf without some type of note (i.e.: DONT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS GARBAGE!!). I kept putting the book down and not really caring to pick back up. This morning I got to work and had 5 pages left, instead of standing outside and finishing up I chose to go inside it's that bad. The plot is very repetative and unbelievable, I don't care what kind of super human this Reacher guy is, no way is he walking away from these situations time and time again. Plus the lady cop whose just willing to lend out her car to some homeless dude? Riiiiiiight. And when she's not lending him her car she's breaking and entering WITH him? She's supposed to be a cop instead Childs is having her commit all types of crimes and then hooking up with a homeless guy who's been wearing the same clothes AND underwear for days. Ick. I've never read any of the other Reacher novels and after this mess I doubt I ever will. Shame since some of the other books have mych better reviews. Anyway if you're a Reacher fan, just skip this one and pretend it never happened, if your looking to read your first Reacher novel I can confidentlly say pick another one to start with. Even though I've never read the others I'm hard pressed to believe his publisher would let him get away with TWO novels this bad!!
0385340575|5.0|Lee Child does it again. Jack Reacher finds himself in the wrong place at the wrong time, or is it the rights place at the right time. Either way, he is there to resolve what could a disastrous problem for a presidential wannabe. \\"Gone Tomorrow\\" does not disappoint. There are twists and turns and things that make you wonder. There is also a lot of action and unfortunately, graphic death. You would think that with each new Jack Reacher novel that Mr. Child would run out of ideas to excite the true fan, but not yet. I think Jack Reacher will be collecting social security before these stories run out. Great job, Lee Child.
0756603749|4.0|Even for an amateur these instructions are clearly understood. The size of the book makes it easy to carry along and practice knots in spare moments. Our son is the sailor and we hope to impress him with what we've learned the next time we go out on the SF Bay!
B001FB4W0W|1.0|I loved these books.  I read a lot of horror so I'm not a prude...But oh my god what they did to this series!!      Honestly the majority of these episodes are disgusting.  You can sort of see the characters & plot through all the spurting blood, deliberate shocking images and juxtapositions designed to jolt the most jaded, oh and extreme quantities of extraneous s & m porn sex scenes.    Wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy.
0596009208|2.0|I've done quite a bit of procedural programming with perl, but have NO java experience and no OO programming. From the introduction it seems like I'm part of their target audience. If that's the case, they fail miserably.    The first five chapters of this book were pretty clear, but I found chapter 6 confusing and frustrating. For example, on page 139 there is a class. Cool. I want to type in the class and see it work. But it doesn't work. Something about setLocationCells being passed and int, but expecting a String. Or is that a <String>? Is there a difference? I have no idea. I thought strings were declared with []. Next, they present a \\"Sharpen Your Pencil\\" exercise on page 146 - no answers. ARGH! Now I'm stuck, frustrated, overwhelmed, and lost.    I found a lot of the puzzles/brain teasers at the ends of the chapters too difficult. The author's website is not at all helpful either - it would be great if they had a message board where people could post questions and help each other out.
B001OXV5PG|5.0|you really can't ignore it.  I have loved this book since the first time I read it. The story, in all its varieties, intrigues me.<br /><br />Particular to this version, however, is a superb author's forward. I learned so much about the story and the motivation behind the story by reading this forward. As he (Card) says herein, the real story is not what is written, but what YOU and I make together with him when we read it. The true story is the joint creation of our minds. Reading this intro makes this version even better than the others I have read. A definite must-have.
1400063515|4.0|This book was on my reading list for quite some time but I never found the time to get to it.  With all the financial turmoil going on over the past year along with the seemingly flawed decisions being made to fix it I finally felt the need to push it to the front of the list. I was really glad I did.<br /><br />It is not the easiest read and at times NNT (as he calls himself) can be smug and self-congratulatory, but understanding the information inside is priceless.  Randomness is all around us and needs to be factored into our decision-making and thought processes.  Much of the theory we use in everyday life is just plain wrong.  The book does a fine job of explaining \\"Black Swans\\" and why it is so important to take into account their possibility.<br /><br />Bell Curves don't work in a lot of situations and making Gaussian assumptions can get you into trouble in many fields of thought and business.  Taleb is right on target in dethroning the many Gaussian Assumptions we find people making in modern life.  Modern Portfolio Theory (MPT) is a classic example.  His insights provide all the evidence I needed to reject this badly flawed investment model, which NNT exposed as the sham it is.  MPT never made sense when I was in business school and now I know why.  Based on unrealistic and bad assumptions it never seemed to work in practice as well as it did in theory (it suffered from the Ludic Fallacy as explained in the book...confusing real life results with the results provided by flawed models and games).  His discussion on this alone is reason enough to tackle the book.<br /><br />Well written, entertaining and educational, I consider this book required reading in these turbulent times.  Highly recommended.
B000VS6R26|5.0|Satisfied customer! Thank you very much, would buy from here again! Fast Shipping! Dvd's Condition after shipment: Excellent!   Thanks again!!
B000VLE3GA|2.0|While this was a great compilation of music by a legendary band, the physical condition of the disk did not resemble the description in the listing. I was not surprised by this and would have purchased it anyway, but would have also appreciated the seller to trust the public more to know what we're gett'n for the money.
1423101472|5.0|This book was exciting all the way through. It couldn't put it down. every second was thrilling and suspensful, making me want to finish it in one day. I could never expect what was going to happen next, and it was always surprising. I was never dissapointed.
B001M4YZ90|5.0|This is a stylish, fun and funny gangster romp that's easy to follow if you watch the film and don't worry about where it's going til it gets there.      Tom Wilkinson is a classic old-school \\"you'll do it cause I say so or you're done\\" kind of thug.  But he finds himself up against foreign crime lords who can buy and sell him ten times over and have a corporate mindset on minimizing problems.  Mix into this contest a crew of low-level British good-ole-boys (Gerard Butler, Idris Elba, Tom Hardy) with their own agenda and set of complications, messing up the big boys' deal,egged on by a sexy thrill-seeking accountant (Thandie Newton), and disaster for somebody is sure to follow.    This basic story is jazzed up by fancy editing and jazzy music and is just fun to sit back and enjoy.  A particularly long chase sequence is worth the price of admission and a clever sex connection (improvised due to film shooting complications)adds to the irreverent spirit of the thing.    I never turn down a fun movie, no matter how many have gone before.  There just aren't that many that turn up.  Highly recommend.
184195392X|5.0|This was an imaginative, open-minded novel about a wild adventure on the open seas.  I enjoy crazy, impossible stories full of little metaphors, and this fit the bill.
B000EWBKKI|5.0|The original Terminator was something very special and was the film that kick started the career of one of the biggest action movie stars in history. Arnold Schwarzenegger in the original Terminator was the definitive bad guy; violent, emotionless and unstoppable. That same character returned for the sequel, but this time he joined the defending team and was sent back by future John Connor to protect the past John Connor. Arnold is still a T-101 but was reprogrammed by future Connor to fight on the human's side, and rather than having a human enemy, the story is very much Terminator vs. More advanced Terminator.<br /><br />Judgement Day focuses around a 10 year old John Connor whose mother, Sarah has been put in a mental institute for telling the stories of the original Terminator assassination attempt and John is a rebel living in a foster home. Another Terminator has been sent back to kill the future leader of the human resistance, now a much more powerful enemy, the T-1000 (Robert Patrick) which is a machine that is made almost entirely of liquid metal. It can morph itself to look exactly like anything it touches and mould parts of its body to sharp objects to assassinate those who get in its way. As the protector, a reprogrammed T-101 (Arnold) is sent back to protect the young rebel.<br /><br />Taking the guise of a police officer, the T-1000 goes on a rapid search for John and comes very close to catching him, but at the right moment is found by the T-101 and has the best man (or machine) for the job as his protector. Once John becomes aware of his possible future, he and the T-101 embark on a journey to not only break Sarah Connor out of the mental institute, but to destroy Skynet and prevent Judgement Day and the rise of the machines. Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) is now a tough woman who appears tougher than the T-101 and becomes the leader of the attack on Skynet.<br /><br />The original Terminator movie at the time was considered really hard to top as at the time of the sequels release, the original had gained a massive cult status. Nobody really considered just how good this film would be and it came along at a time when Arnold was developing his career as a diverse actor, whilst still remaining loyal to the action movie genre. Also, hot off the cusp of the massive film, The Predator, there was no doubting there would be more interest in this solely because of Schwarzenegger's involvement. Of course, a massive budget of $102 million and the involvement of Arnold Schwarzenegger doesn't necessarily make a good film. What made this great was its pace, atmosphere, acting, action, script and special effects all masterfully combined to create what was undoubtedly the film of that year.<br /><br />The clarity of the special effects of the time was revolutionary, much like the special effects exhibited in the first Terminator. They managed to make the T-1000 machine utterly believable in its presence and ability to mould itself and transform at will as we were treated to particular moments in which it did just that. Most impressive was its rising from the mental hospital floor behind one of the guards, only to kill him and take his form. The makeup of the damage taken by the T-101 was also very well done and really did make it believable that Arnold was possibly really a machine underneath that masculine exterior.<br /><br />Linda Hamilton is triumphant in this role and a complete re-imagining of the character we know from the first film. The Sarah Connor from this movie is vociferously brutish in her demeanour and is clearly a woman who has experienced something very traumatic that has meant she needed to lose the core emotions that weakened her in order to survive. Edward Furlong as the main protagonist for the entire Terminator story arch displayed a perfect character and the rebellious kid attitude was performed really well by him. It almost makes me wonder what the hell those involved in the third Terminator movie werethinking by not casting him in the lead role once more.<br /><br />I honestly adore this film as it manages to become unconsciously deep and expressing of the idea to remain emotionally close whilst at the same time remaining strong in your convictions. It was well deserving of the awards it won at the time and it's quite sad to know that any future Terminator movies will not pale in comparison to the brilliance of Terminator 2. Buy it or rent it, either way, you will love it.role once more.    I honestly adore this film as it manages to become unconsciously deep and expressing of the idea to remain emotionally close whilst at the same time remaining strong in your convictions. It was well deserving of the awards it won at the time and it's quite sad to know that any future Terminator movies will not pale in comparison to the brilliance of Terminator 2. Buy it or rent it, either way, you will love it.
B0026IBY72|5.0|What a delightfully guilty pleasure this book is!  It's like a pet story I would make up in my head and never tell anyone because I'd be too embarrassed.  Fortunately, Shannon Hale is such a good writer, she can take a very outlandish concept and turn it into a plausible story.    The premise of a woman going to a Jane Austen theme-based vacation to rid herself of her unhealthy Mr. Darcy fetish actually works.  The character goes through the same emotions the reader would, ranging from extreme embarrassment for even being there to determination to follow through and embrace the experience fully.  The character and situations are actually believable while still being fun and whimsical.    Having been a huge fan of Shannon's young adult fairy tale stories, I checked this book out from the library upon hearing she had written a book for adults.  I started the book when I got home, not intending to read the whole thing in one sitting.  The next day I took it to my sister's house and told her to read it as well.  Since then, we have both purchased our own copies for guilty rereading pleasure and for loaning out to friends.      If you're looking for a young adult fairy tale, this isn't it.  If you're looking for a Jane Austen style novel, this isn't it.  If you're looking for pure delightful fun, welcome to Austenland!
0385040253|5.0|I was very pleased with the quickness of the shippment and the quality of the product.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|My family and I love this dvd.  We sit down together and enjoy quality time with a quality video, Planet Earth.    Stephanie K.
B000NDEZPA|4.0|This little lady really can sing.  The Story is an excellent example of an outstanding voice.  The title cut caught my attention during a commercial and won me over.
B002DKGWSO|5.0|Watched this picture a few days ago and it is simply facinating in the mood it creates.The original was in all fairness brilliant for it's time but a re make for the new generation was long overdue and boy did they get it right.The rape scene is extremely tough to stomach and the gore factor is certainly not easy on the eyes but the revenge driven parents are a joy to watch for fans of this genre.Very satisfying ending.For the few out there who have not seen the original i would reccommend watching this version and please keep an open mind.To summarize...this picture can be extremely disturbing from time to time but the end result makes the ride worthwhile.Keep a special place in your mind for this style of horror/thriller as it won't leave you easily.Definitely one for the books.
B00005JLEU|5.0|This story has the best character growth and the most imaginative creatures of any Hayao Miyazaki film I've seen. While I can't compare this Disneyfied version with the original Japanese (which MUST be better), I think the translation works nicely. The story is not too childish, like Totoro, nor too confusing like Princess Mononoke, nor is it anime-goofy with huge eyes or stunted motion.     It's a delightful fantasy tale full of exotic imagery and uniqueness to western eyes. The story and artisty make this movie worth seeing even if you don't usually watch animation.
B000NU2CY4|5.0|Finally, it's here, the blu-ray disc. I expected this for a long, long time. Can't wait to see the HD picture of this great movie.
B001KVZ6F2|2.0|Clashing cultural values, inner city troubles, and Clint Eastwood.  Sounds great, and it should have been a phenomenal movie.  Unfortunately, the dialogue was embarrasingly poor, and the acting made me laugh at inappropriate moments.      The story is powerfully important, but the script/acting got in the way.  Too bad.    Verdict:  Watch the trailer, then skip the movie.
B0000DZ3EN|4.0|This is a serious twist on the Wizard of Oz. Different people, different setting and just different. This one is a little darker and spookier, with some campy moments and a young Faruzia Balk(Nacy from The Craft). If you are expecting it to be a sequel to the original, this will disappoint you, but if you are looking for something funny, 'scary' different and a little odd, this is the movie. There's a chicken, a moose of sorts, a witch with many heads, and tin man and the coolest rollerblading I've seen for that time.  I loved it as a kid and watching again, I still love it, odd as it is. It's useless to compare the acting or 'realism' since it's an older movie, but it's still great.
B001NESPHC|5.0|amazing. so much better than the first release   and the first was great
0061120073|4.0|I did enjoy this book, but at some parts I felt the author could have done without. Some places have too many details and over explain; I got it the first time....the book is about a family, focusing on Francie as she grows up in Brooklyn, beginning in 1912. pre WWI. It's about loss of innocence in many ways, the harsh cruelty of life and the sacrifices that must be made, and the downfall of Francie's mind after a tragedy, dealing with her emotions, not being favoured by her mother and finding herself through the experiences of her life, her job and war. Francie triumphs in the end,and how she gets there is incredible and will leave you feeling like you've a diary of someone who had it harder than you and you will feel better and more confident about yourself and finding the strength to accomplish your goals no matter the hardships that come your way.
B000001FAS|5.0|THe condition of the CD was flawless, and the liner notes were like new.  The jewel case was slightly cracked, but I suspect rough handling at the Post Office... :o)  All in all, VERY happy with my purchase, and my partner was thrilled with the gift.  THANK YOU, thank you.
B0026J8LHM|5.0|I am blown away by Black Clouds and Silver Linings.  Like most Dream Theater albums, it took a couple of listens through to truly appreciate it, but after several listens, I think this just may be my favorite album from this stellar band.        I'm perhaps not the most traditional Dream Theater fan.  The album that got me hooked on the band was Train of Thought.  It's one of my favorite albums of all time; it's heavy, it's fast, it has some of the best riffs I've ever heard and is just amazing overall.  I think so at least.  It wasn't until I started to listen to more of the band that I realized the album wasn't exactly typical of them.  It was less complex and a little more stripped down.  That's probably why true DT fans don't consider it their best.  This new album though... it has everything I love about this band.  The rocking songs are truly rocking, but they are complex and epic.  The ballads are upbeat and uplifting and nothing is boring about them (unlike the 24 minute Octivarium.)  Dream Theater is in top form here.    1) A Nightmare to Remember:  A great start to this album, a bit reminiscent of The Root of All Evil, but packs more of a punch and is far more epic ( at over 14 minutes).  The subject matter is pretty morose (it's about a tragic car accident) but despite the lyrics, it's hard not to rock out to this song.  8/10    2) A Rite of Passage:  The single of the album, although the album version is several minutes longer than the single version.  It's a pretty heavy hitting song, nice and heavy and definitely a bit different from what we've heard from them before.  It may not be as rocking as Constant Motion (not many DT songs are) but it's a cool track. 7/10    3) Wither:  Probably the least memorable on the album for me, and definitely the shortest track at a meager 5:25.  It's a ballad and not a bad one, pretty catchy.  I just can never remember the lyrics or much else about it after it's done.  6/10    4) The Shattered Fortress:  Anyone who'sfollowed the band since at least Octivarium should recognize some of this song's content.  But this is a continuation of the suite of songs that began with The Glass Prison, continued with This Dying Soul, The Root of All Evil and Repentance; each song from a different previous  album.  I'm not sure if this song is going to conclude that ongoing suite, but if it does, it takes it out with a bang.  The song is heavy, fast and insane.  It changes sections many times, with a lot of passages familiar to those previous songs.  I'd like to make a playlist of those 5 tracks and listen to them all together.  In any case, it's a great track.  8/10    5) The Best of Times:  Another ballad, this one much longer.  It's a nice pleasant song, musically and lyrically, with a phenomenal solo towards the end (could we expect less from Petrucci?)  It has some catchy parts, some moving parts and it's all good.  I wish all DT ballads were like this.  8/10    6) The Count of Tuscany:  The last track on the album and by far the best.  Dare I say that this could be the best song Dream Theater has ever done?  Before I listened to this track, I liked this album, but this song alone makes the whole album worth the purchase.  It is absolutely amazing.  My favorite part is actually the first 2 minutes, which starts with some nice picking and leads into a great solo and an awesome riff.  From there, the song goes from really heavy riffs to an insane solo, to a section that's so mellow it will almost put you to sleep, to an amazing acoustic finale.  At more than 19 minutes, this song defines all that Is Dream Theater.  The subject matter is very interesting too, and apparently a true story about John Petrucci meeting an eccentric count and his brother and being terrified for his life.  This is a great way to end the album.  10/10    As I said, everyone in the band is in top form.  Labrie sounds as great as ever, Petrucci displays some of the best DT riffs I've heard, Portnoy's drumming is fantastic...  If you're a Dream Theater fan, you should love Black Clouds and Silver Linings.
0316066524|5.0|Best book I've ever read. Not always easy but worth the effort.
B0007939NO|3.0|When I first saw this movie I was too young to appreciate the costumes and the ideas involved in the plot.<br />In the 1950's we were involved in the Korean war where the cold war was pretty hot. Most people with the bombers hanging over their head<br />wanted a simpler, safer and saner world,<br />but 1751 really wasn't that even on the highlands.<br />The witch and satin worship was big in the early 1700's.<br />Lerner and Loewe are the American musical comedy writing team of lyricist and librettist Alan Jay Lerner and composer Frederick Loewe.<br />Brigadoon is a legend of a fairy town like the island Avalon<br />in King Arthur.<br />A New York fellow on vacation falls for a woman of the village in a place out of time and space.<br />Although the bag pipe bands all playing at once is something very strange in pentatonic Celtic tones,<br />overall there isn't a lot original about the music in this play.<br />Gene Kelly's dancing touch doesn't quite raise movie to the level needed.
1881273156|5.0|This will help all relationships last. I am getting married and this is a great way to keep the love strong. I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to exsperience true love.
1400063515|5.0|A great book . Weaves thru history and mans attempt to understand uncertainty.  Just when you think you know the rules change. the real world is like a football game were the rules are continuing to change while you are playing. It is not fair, never was.A rich exposure of thinking thru the ages
0312323867|5.0|Something Blue is an awesome book. I didn't know if I would enjoy it as much as the first one which is Something Borrowed. But it was even better then the first one. I have to say since I'm getting married soon anyways it gave insight to why somethings happen. If you love friendship books this would be one of them.
B00297FEUI|1.0|I recently joked on a film music message board that I should simply recycle my review of Steve Jablonsky's first Transformers score in order to pay homage to the sequel, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. I fully appreciate that sequel scores should maintain a certain thematic consistency with their predecessor, and predicted that in all likelihood Jablonsky would trot out the same tired power anthems and banal ber-heroism that he saddled the first film with... but, really, it's just going to be the same score again, right? Wrong. Somehow, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is actually worse.    The Transformers movies are big, dumb fun, with little in the way of subtlety or nuance to hide the explosions and special effects and breathless action. In many ways, Jablonsky's score is the musical equivalent of \\"big, dumb fun\\" - it's loud, energetic, fast-paced, and has all the superficial heroism one comes to expect from summer blockbusters these days. My problem - as it has been throughout with scores of this type - is the total and utter lack of sophistication, depth, and innovation. To use a British colloquialism, it's all mouth and no trousers, and to be frank I'm getting sick of it.    All the ingredients are there: large orchestra, large choir, electronic enhancements, plus the recurrence of the main theme from the first film to signify the heroic Autobots. The opening cue, \\"Prime\\", provides a nice re-statement of the main theme augmented by cooing vocals, and later cues such as \\"Infinite White\\", \\"Tomb of the Princes\\" and \\"Matrix of Leadership\\" restate the material to satisfying effect, especially when the theme is accompanied by a choir. Unfortunately, Jablonsky abandons his themes for great chunks of the score - a surprising decision given their effectiveness first time around. The delightfully evil Decepticon theme, with its processed vocal effects and staccato rhythms, is almost totally absent (it appears briefly in \\"Heed Our Warning\\"), as is the soft guitar-driven theme that underscored the more tender moments between Sam and Mikaela.    Several mid-album cues, notably \\"The Fallen\\" and \\"The Fallen's Arrival\\", just plod along aimlessly with low, grunting synth lines and pseudo-ethereal vocals. No matter the shallowness of the music, I never actually expected a Transformers score to be dull, but somehow Jablonsky manages to make this score unexpectedly boring for long periods of time. Even the action music, in cues like \\"Forest Battle\\", seems curiously uninspired and insipid, as if Jablonsky was simply going through the motions. Maybe he realized that no-one would hear his music under all the whirring sound effects and metallic explosions anyway, and settled merely for writing sonic wallpaper.    But the worst is yet to come. Much has been made of the fact that the popular rock band Linkin Park contributed additional score music to the film, most notably in the third cue \\"Nest\\", which features extracts from a new Linkin Park composition called \\"New Divide\\". Needless to say, the resulting collision of styles is utterly horrific: a harsh, grating, completely out-of-place debacle which is clearly nothing more than a marketing tool to sell crossover score albums to fans of the band.    I guess I should just stop worrying about the state of summer blockbuster scores and continue exploring film music's nether regions to find the best soundtracks of the day, because I'm clearly not going to be satisfied with any of the offerings from the major studio system. The time when Hollywood's cornerstone projects would also produce the year's top scores has now seemingly long gone, and one has to increasingly look to Britain, France, Japan, and the independent arenas to find musical satisfaction. There's clearly a market for scores like Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, otherwise directors like Michael Bay wouldn't keep commissioning them, and mainstream consumers wouldn't keep buying them in their hundreds of thousands, but I'mcertainly not part of that audience, as I am no longer a 14 year old boy. If you enjoy the Remote Control sound, and enjoyed the first score, you are likely to find Jablonsky's score similarly to your taste. For everyone else, you're welcome to join me over there, where you'll find me listening to Alexandre Desplat, Joe Hisaishi, Christopher Young, and all the other composers who actually write good music.
0312539517|5.0|THIS IS CLASSIFIED AS A \\"USED BOOK\\"  IT IS IN PRISTINE CONDITION  LOOKS AS IF IT HAD NEVER BEEN OPENED
0736063684|5.0|got this for my husband for fathers day, he is a body builder. he loves   this book gives a look at all the muscels at work for a perticular excercise.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I really can't rate this one since I bought it as a gift for my grandchild who thinks it is the greatest.  That's what a gift should be.
B00297FEUI|5.0|I absolutely loved the score for the first Transformers movie, and was one of the people who helped make a big enough fuss to ensure that it would be released. I was extremely skeptical that the score for TF2 could be as good as the first one.     My brother and I just finished listening to the CD, and all I can say is WOW! It was really amazing. If anything, the score for the second one is even better than the first. It's astoundingly good. It does NOT sound exactly the same as the first one, it's very different. Yes, the Transformers theme is carried over. That doesn't mean the whole score sounds exactly the same as the first one. It's also natural that the overall style that Steve Jablonsky has would be similar to Hans Zimmer's, since he is part of the Zimmer Posse. And Zimmer was actually called in on this CD too, and did a little work with Steve Jablonsky and Linkin Park.    The music on this CD is really, really fantastic. It's just incredible. There's nothing superficial or \\"dumb\\" about it. It's powerful, emotional, riveting, moving and exciting. I was just in awe. Hans Zimmer has been my favorite composer for a long time now, and this was as good as many of the scores that Hans Zimmer has come out with. I was thoroughly impressed with it. And SO glad that they decided to release the score this time, even BEFORE the movie came out! THANK YOU!!!     So yeah, the score can be summed up in one word, as far as I'm concerned, and it's the word in my subject line: BRILLIANT! Just brilliant music. I actually felt smarter after listening to it. Hahaha.    P.S., I LOVE what Brian Bubnich had to say, and I completely agree.
B001JV5BIA|1.0|Let's face facts:  When he made \\"The Last House on the Left,\\" Wes Craven was an unskilled wannabe, and it shows.  \\"Last House\\" is a clumsily made mess that does not deserve the absurd accolades that it has received over the years.  For an example of skillfully made classic exploitation cinema, check out Craven's followup, \\"The Hills Have Eyes,\\" which shows that he was capable of learning from his mistakes.  And please don't pay attention to Craven or the dimwitted \\"film scholars\\" (Robin Wood, e.g.) who claim that \\"Last House\\" is a powerful statement about the Vietnam era (or somesuch nonsense), because it isn't: it's an inept attempt to create a \\"calling-card\\" trashfest, not a piece of profound social commentary.  It doesn't work on either level.
0316017922|4.0|Gladwell doesn't present a whole lot of groundbreaking information here, but what he does do is pull together a lot of interesting studies from a wide variety of topics that all help him reinforce the main point of the book: greatness is typically the result of hard work by individuals that take advantage of fortunate circumstances.  Citing diverse examples (from the Beatles, to Bill Gates, to professional hockey players) Gladwell systematically explains how many have achieved greatness.    Two thumbs up for a well organized, coherent, and entertaining story of why you're stuck reading this review while someone else was able to parlay their arbitrary advantage into huge success.
0316154687|1.0|This was my first encounter with David Sedaris.  Sorry to say it was also my last.  \\"Seinfeld\\" was a show about nothing - so too, was this book.  The difference is the TV sitcom was funny, entertaining, even poignant.  This book is just nothing.  I don't appreciate his gayness being force-fed and am not impressed by what seems to be an independently wealthy, obnoxious, never-satisfied, pointless life gadding about the globe doing - nothing.<br />I set it down many times and found it more difficult to pick up each time.  I felt relief in finally finishing it and did so only hoping that sooner or later I would begin to enjoy it.<br />Don't waste your money or your time.
B001V7YWTQ|2.0|What anticpation I had for this collaboration...wow Clapton and Winwood together...how magical does that sound!!! My stomach aches when I hear this music, sounds like a couple of faded stars playing together in some Las Vegas casino line-up. Where's the fire in Clapton's guitar? Kinda had the same felling after the Cream reunion CD. Listen to Clapton with Delaney and Bonnie or the Dominoes...the \\"Thrill is Gone\\". The back up band sounds sterile and very studio precise...where's the passion? Listen to the Well Alright Blind Faith version and compare to this version...there just no punch! I am sadden to hear the 2009 version of these once manificent trend setting musicians. It's shame to see music disintegrate into what was once powerful exploring and jubliant into predictable, plastic and cloned music of its former self...Oh I can't find my way home!!!!!
B000JLSLZQ|4.0|One of the best opening movies scenes of all time.....both video and audio...tune up the volume and enjoy your home theatre!!  Great movie if you just go with it and forget the politics of who did and who didn't get the roles.
0061231401|5.0|Yes, I doubted, very briefly.  I'm ashamed.  It's not that The Doomsday Key doesn't start off in a readable and totally entertaining manner.  It really does.  Rollins has what he does down to a science by now.  He quickly reintroduces the main players (a few of whom we haven't seen in a while: Rachel Verona and Seichan) and establishes their relationships with each other.  In addition to the ladies above, all the main Sigma players make their appearance, but as usual not all of them are heavily featured on this adventure.  Seichan fans rejoice, she has a major role and experiences tremendous character development in this novel.<br /><br />After the characters are reestablished, (again, as you'd expect) the action starts.  A motorcycle chase here, a shootout there, a dash of international travel.  Now, I love James Rollins with all my heart, but these opening salvos--while very well-written--felt a little... generic.  My moment of doubt.<br /><br />Happily, it didn't last long.  Once Rollins set the main plot in motion, all such thoughts vanished.  Seriously, WHAT was I thinking?  For me, things really kicked into high gear with the introduction of a new character, Professor Wallace Boyle, whose lecture on peat bogs thrilled me to my soul.  I know, peat bogs, who'd a thunk it?  But again, that's Rollins' gift.  He must look at the world through curiosity-colored glasses; he can find the wonder in the most unlikely of places and subjects.  And even more brilliantly, he manages to string together a laundry list of disparate fascinating topics into the plot of a tight, tense thriller.  And he does it again and again.<br /><br />I know I'm being very, very vague about the plot.  It would be a shame to give too much away.  The central plot revolves around a plague from the past and a plague of the future: hunger.  As characters in the novel expound, there will soon be a tipping point where there are far too many people on this planet to feed.  Who gets to choose who lives or who dies?  If you had the power and resources to make the hard choices, what would you do \\"to save the world?\\"  And would you be a hero or a villain?<br /><br />It is the exploring of the above questions that entails ancient artifacts, hidden rooms, booby traps, prophecies come true, missing bumble bees, miracle-performing saints, love triangles, the final resting place of Merlin the wizard, polar bears, teddy bears, and the world's healthiest apple.  And I didn't even give you a hint of the real shocker!<br /><br />A lot of thrillers make the goal, save the world, whatever, and end abruptly.  Not so here.  There was a nice... cooling down period after the action ended.  It's a chance to check in with all the major characters, and a chance for Rollins to leave us with another of his signature cliff-hangers.  This one isn't as brutal as some he's written, but those invested in the series will be left with a question to keep them wondering for the coming year.<br /><br />A final note:  Is it wrong that the author's afterwards have become my very favorite part of these novels?  This may be the longest one yet (And for God's sake, DON'T read it before you finish the book!), and I am staggered by how much true stuff was worked into the novel.  I mean, pretty much every too-amazing-to-be-true fact was, in fact, true.  James Rollins, you rock my world!d the power and resources to make the hard choices, what would you do \\"to save the world?\\"  And would you be a hero or a villain?    It is the exploring of the above questions that entails ancient artifacts, hidden rooms, booby traps, prophecies come true, missing bumble bees, miracle-performing saints, love triangles, the final resting place of Merlin the wizard, polar bears, teddy bears, and the world's healthiest apple.  And I didn't even give you a hint of the real shocker!    A lot of thrillers make the goal, save the world, whatever, and end abruptly.  Not so here.  There was a nice... cooling down period after the action ended.  It's a chance to check in with all the major characters, and a chance for Rollins to leave us with another of his signature cliff-hangers.  This one isn't as brutal as some he's written, but those invested in the series will be left with a question to keep them wondering for the coming year.    A final note:  Is it wrong that the author's afterwards have become my very favorite part of these novels?  This may be the longest one yet (And for God's sake, DON'T read it before you finish the book!), and I am staggered by how much true stuff was worked into the novel.  I mean, pretty much every too-amazing-to-be-true fact was, in fact, true.  James Rollins, you rock my world!
B001PR0Y5S|5.0|There may be nothing new under the sun in romantic comedies, but if this is your genre, there is lots of fun to be had in [[ASIN:B001PR0Y5S The Proposal [Theatrical Release]]]. Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds have a slight implausibility issue as a couple but they make the most of the clever script and as you knew it would, it all turns out happy in the end.<br /><br />Bullock plays Margaret Tate, a harpy of a boss in a New York publishing firm. Reynolds is Andrew Paxton, her baby-boy secretary, a young man with brains and aspirations who puts up with her controlling ways for the sake of his career and his writing prospects. Margaret is Canadian and has been ignoring routine Immigration Service requirements; suddenly she is about to be deported and she announces in front of a stunned Andrew that they are going to be married. Andrew finds his backbone and sets conditions--the first being a trip to his home in Alaska for his grannie's 90th birthday party.<br /><br />Mary Steenburgen and Craig T Nelson play Andrew's parents. Along with the irrepressible Betty White (playing \\"Gammie\\"), they decide that a wedding the very next day would be just the thing. And perhaps it would be, but for the Elliott Ness-style immigration agent turning up at the family compound. And of course all the family love makes hard-bitten Margaret re-think the deal.<br /><br />Oh, you can guess how the gags go, but that doesn't make it any less fun. Margaret is lost without phone and computer. There are boats and scenery, and the Alaskan midnight sun, and the family popping in and out of the bedroom while Andrew is trying to sleep on the floor. Betty White puts on a cape to dance and chant in front of a fire, luring Margaret to join her for a spontaneous sexy rap. In a killingly funny scene, \\"the girls\\" take Margaret out to see a local stripper named Ramone (Oscar Nunez) who later turns out to be a shop owner and marriage celebrant. Altogether a funny, heartwarming romp.<br /><br />Bullock and Ryan have great timing and delivery; the supporting cast is stellar; and the scenery pleases without being obtrusive. As an example of its genre, [[ASIN:B001PR0Y5S The Proposal [Theatrical Release]]] convinced me that it deserves five stars. Go on, you'll come out of the theater smiling and isn't that worth five stars?<br /><br />PG 13, a little bit of nudity and some language.<br /><br />Linda Bulger, 2009very; the supporting cast is stellar; and the scenery pleases without being obtrusive. As an example of its genre, [[ASIN:B001PR0Y5S The Proposal [Theatrical Release]]] convinced me that it deserves five stars. Go on, you'll come out of the theater smiling and isn't that worth five stars?    PG 13, a little bit of nudity and some language.    Linda Bulger, 2009
B000V8I2QU|5.0|This is Bruce's best album since Born In The USA.  It is also the best CD of any artist of this decade.   Bruce has produced his best material when he was either singing about the eternal human angst of our existence mixed with a tinge of hope or commenting on the socio-political problems of the day.  Here we get many commentaries on the socio-political catastrophes of the past decade in songs like Radio Nowhere (mourning the dearth of quality music on mainstream radio), Gypsy Biker, the Devil's Arcade and Last to Die (all commentaries on the ill-fated wars our country still finds itselfs in and the effects on those who find themselves stuck carrying out these poorly conceived debacles), and Long Walk Home (on the general malaise that has been destroying our nation since the 1980s).  The title cut is an ingenious take on our society's mindless, gullible following of leaders who convince the majority of us to support ideas and actions that are not in our interest and upon closer examination in fact are patently ridiculous.    I'll Work for Your Love and Girls in Their Summer Clothes give us some of that angst of those searching for illusive love which Bruce has masterly sung about for decades.  The lyrics in all these tunes are among the best we've ever heard from Bruce.     Musically, Bruce rocks here as hard as he ever has and there is some great guitar playing on Gypsy Biker and Last to Die.  Clarence's sax work on Livin' In The Future reminds one of the days of The River and Born In The USA albums.  Some have complained about the sound quality, but let's face it many of Bruce's classic tunes also intentionally drowned out some of the lyrics (ex.  Backstreets, Born to Run, Adam Raised a Cain etc).  This is nothing new.  It is actually one of the attractions of much of what is now considered classic, be it the Who, the Rolling Stones, REM, Nirvana, Pearl Jam or Bruce.  Of course, everything could be done with perfect production, but in my opinion that would take away the appeal of many classic bands and artists.
0922066728|4.0|Many are familiar with this story from the movie staring Matthew McConaughy, Samuel L. Jackson and Sandra Bullock.    In Clanton, Mississippi, a 10-year old black girl is repeatedly raped and left for dead by two white men, who are subsequently arrested for the crime. Before they can stand trial Carl Lee Hailey, the girl's father, shoots and kills them both. Arrested and on trial, Carl Lee hires Jake Brigance, a white friend, to defend him. What starts out as a small local trial grows into utter chaos as the NAACP, KKK and many others get involved, not necessarily in the interest of justice.    A compelling story and still one of my favorites legal dramas by John Grisham. Those who are familiar with the character of Jake from the movie will notice that he's not nearly as sympathetic as he was portrayed in the movie. Even he is involved mostly out of his own self interests.
068817776X|5.0|This is a fascinating and harrowing account of one woman's efforts to survive in a world that had become a nightmare. It is impossible and unfair to judge the extreme choices that Edith Hahn Beer made in order to survive in a world that had turned upside down. This book is an important and awesome description of the lengths to which people were forced to go to survive the Nazi regime, and an uplifting testament to the fact that there were people who were wiling to put their own lives in danger to save their own and our humanity.
B0028MBKVG|3.0|I enjoy running stories as much as anyone.  The reality was the author didn't have enough material for a book but cobbled together a short story and enough anecdotes and side trips to stretch it to publisher length.  I enjoyed it, but was hoping for more.    wjk
B0013N7AD8|5.0|Was a great offer when i got it, not so expectacular as the last ones, but quite interesting if you travel in time.
1400063736|4.0|The opening of \\"Let the Great World Spin\\" is stunning. McCann's description, which reads like a prose poem, of Petit's 1974 tightrope walk between the Twin Towers literally took my breath away.  I had to put down the book, pause, and relax for a moment. Breathe it in. I re-read it. McCann GOT it, got it indeed; the feel of New York when it was down and out, the cadence of speech, the look of the city, the whole glorious, dirty, gritty shebang, and in that I felt the love of it all, a love I have myself, for New York and all the world in that moment in time.<br /><br />I had to take a breath for it all came back to me. It was the year I came of age in that city, and sometimes I am homesick for that New York, a New York that is long gone. Those towers were for old New Yorkers an eyesore and a taste of things to come that were not wanted, but somehow Petit's crazy feat changed our perspectives, and McCann gets this, too. . .but now, well, we all know what they have become.<br /><br />For many chapters, yes, McCann was dead on. Even the hookers, he got that right, too (even if other reviewers say not). The hookers were a spot of color in that once colorless city, the New York that the papers' headline screamed \\"Ford to City: Drop Dead.\\"<br /><br />I was taken back in time, loving it, ignoring the flaws. I was so caught up in McCann's ability to weave words so beautifully and conjure up this past so well that I dismissed the first tell-tale signs that this book might ultimately disappoint. That sign was the first chapter with the \\"Park Avenue woman\\", whose thoughts rang totally false. Did she really think in punctuated bursts, ruminating about the Vietnam War, her dead son, like she was Ginsberg in pearls? I think not. Never mind. The chapter was short.<br /><br />About three-quarters of the way through, I put the book down again, but not because I needed a breather to come back to reality. I had read the book in two big gulps, and they were delicious. But now there was a bad taste in my mouth. Something was bothering me, and when I finally finished it, tonight, I realized what it was. This book, written from multiple points of view, sounded like it was written with one voice. And in the end, each character became a caricature of him or herself. There was the Priest, the Park Avenue woman, the Heavyset Black Lady with a White Purse, the Hooker with a Heart of Gold, the Boys in 'Nam, the Brother, the Judge, the Pimp, the Sensitive Artist, and each of these caricatures thought Great Thoughts. What happened to the intense reality and the soaring beauty of the first chapters?<br /><br />Yet, I'm still giving this book four stars. I even thought of giving it five, for it is worth reading for the first two chapters alone. When I had finished reading those, I had an urge to come back and lower my rating on the last book I had reviewed. This, I thought, this is great writing. And indeed, at times, it is.<br /><br />The Great World did spin for a while, but it finally spun itself down. Art is sometimes deeply flawed.thing was bothering me, and when I finally finished it, tonight, I realized what it was. This book, written from multiple points of view, sounded like it was written with one voice. And in the end, each character became a caricature of him or herself. There was the Priest, the Park Avenue woman, the Heavyset Black Lady with a White Purse, the Hooker with a Heart of Gold, the Boys in 'Nam, the Brother, the Judge, the Pimp, the Sensitive Artist, and each of these caricatures thought Great Thoughts. What happened to the intense reality and the soaring beauty of the first chapters?     Yet, I'm still giving this book four stars. I even thought of giving it five, for it is worth reading for the first two chapters alone. When I had finished reading those, I had an urge to come back and lower my rating on the last book I had reviewed. This, I thought, this is great writing. And indeed, at times, it is.     The Great World did spin for a while, but it finally spun itself down. Art is sometimes deeply flawed.
B0013ND36G|5.0|The movie is great, took some time to get in stock actually but the quality on blue is quite nice.
1416914307|5.0|I love this series. I had a hard time with the first book....it was a little too slow and weird for me but I'm so glad I kept with the series. The third book is awesome!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|product works and just took a long time to come to my house. probably due to holiday shipment time in may.
B0024396WE|5.0|I started watching this movie fully expecting to hate it. Instead I saw one of the most amazing movies in a long time. Adrian Brody is amazing. If they ever picked the best performance of all those to win the Oscar for best actor his performance in The Pianist would put him in contention for the top prize. He is that good.    The movie is excellent. In a perfect world, this would have won Best Picture and Chicago would have won Best Director, but that's all politics and shouldn't take away from the quality of this movie.     This movie isn't plot driven as much as time driven. You know he has to survive through the end of World War II. The compelling part is how he does it and how nothing is romanticized. Everything just happens and feels organic, not like it's part of a script propelling us from scene to scene.     Watch this movie. You won't regret it.
B000ZOSMTW|1.0|This is an illegal bootleg of another concert not licensed by Steely Dan.  You should not be selling it.
0385736002|4.0|I enjoyed The Alchemyst very much. I love adventures and this book is one great adventure. I am now reading the magician. It is equally as good.
1603090002|4.0|This graphic novel chronicles a case by the 1910 version of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.  This version of the League features Mina Murray, Allan Quatermain, Orlando, Thomas Carnacki and Raffles.  The storyline is a loose adaptation of the musical [[ASIN:B000SFJ4KE The Threepenny Opera]].  This is a good comic book, but it's somewhat confusing if you're not familiar with The Threepenny Opera (as I am not).
B000UD0ESA|2.0|I have not seen this movie in a while but I am not very happy with The final cut. When I originally saw the movie theatrical version I loved the special effects and the characters, I  can't explain it but the characters in this movie, were not very dimensional. I believe the movie is missing some special effects the original one had.  Don't waste your time on this version get the theatrical.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|this movie is great. best yet of any batmans created. ledger hits the spot for your appetite of evil wrongdoers. excellent performances and great cast(except for rachel, once again that performance falls flat). storyline keeps your attention through to the end.
B00000IREA|3.0|A very young Jane Fonda is eye candy in this movie. There is very little plot to it. So, don't expect too much other than entertainment.
B001ER4CNY|5.0|I live in Thailand, I ever saw this Series 30 year ago (speak Thai). I alway looking for it 30 year (becouse I cannot remember the name in English)only remember wrong name \\"Jinny\\". Now I am very happy even it speak in English and no Thai or English subtitle(shoud have English).
B0000033TE|5.0|One of the best works of ELP.I have always loved Benie The Bouncer.Karn Evil 0 part 2 runs long but a great piece of work.
B00164GDD2|1.0|First off, I love this movie, HOWEVER, it looks terrible on blu-ray. Tons of artifacts everywhere and all around very grainy picture. If you have this on DVD, keep it. DO NOT BUY THIS BLU-RAY. So not worth it. And they can't use the \\"well it's from 1984\\" as I have Blazing Saddles on Blu Ray and it's amazingly crisp and it looks like a new movie. GhostBusters sadly looks like you're watching it on normal TV (or roughly so). sad panda...
6304712944|5.0|I saw parts of Camelot on TV many years ago. I have always been a huge Julie Andrews fan and was interested in this 1960 peice. Seeing it again 'Camelot' is much more than a musical, but more a drama with music. Richard Harris as Arthur has been perfectly cast as has Vanessa Redgrave. I can't imagine anyone else playing these roles. Redgrave is her most beautiful and moving in this picture. Watching it on my home theatre projector bring the vividness and clarity of the picture and sountrack to my home as I imagined it must have been in the cinemas in the 60's and early 70's. This Warners musical far surpasses their previous efforts in 'MY FAIR LADY'. Julie should have really done Eliza for the screen.     The DVD, includes a number of features including several 'Camelot' trailers, two featurettes, the picture quality of each is far from great, being very grainy and the sound a bit crackly, but its a lot of fun, and a music track only feature.     The DVD transfer of CAMELOT is beautiful, rich and colourful. The print is like new and the sound is exceptional. Watch it!!!! Its how a musical should be done.
B001VS46DC|2.0|This is a dissapointment on all fronts.  Her voice seems tired and unsteady and even her performance of the standards does not measure up to her earlier work.  As someone who has all of her previously released material and has seen her perform live in large and small venues multiple times, I must say I hope the \\"real Diana Krall\\" returns soon!
B0016CS0IK|5.0|I checked this album out thanks to some website recommendations relating to new wave. I'm glad I did.    From the opening track, \\"You, Appearing\\" to the last (though kinda repetitive) track, \\"Midnight Souls Still Remain\\", this album immerses you into a wonderful world of sounds and voices all but forgotten by today's standards.    However, that does in no way mean that today's common musical standards are better. This album is a giant reminder that something went quite wrong in the mainstream. Nearly every song leaves a unique aftertaste in the mind. Some more uplifting (\\"Kim and Jessie\\"), some more thought provoking (\\"Too Late\\"). Each track seems to spark a feeling of inner brilliance from one's self.    If you are looking for something that reaches more deeply than billboard hits you won't be listening to in two months, take a look at this album. For the best reaction, pop it in on a Saturday night when you have some time to yourself. You'll know exactly what I've been explaining.
159448385X|5.0|Because it kept me up half the night the first night I started reading it.  The whole next day I couldn't wait to pick it up again.  I thought about the characters in the story all day, wondering how the story would play out.  Today I will finish this book.  Happy that I will finish it, but sad that I will leave these characters between the covers when I close it for the last time.<br />The characters are very real and you will NOT be disappointed by the story's twists and turns.  In fact, I've recommended this book to almost everyone I know in the last day or so.
B001BE0MAM|5.0|I can more or less agree (few wouldn't - it seems almost too facile to say it) with those who say that Mr. Moonlight is a lowpoint for the Beatles. But then, every career has a low point. So fine ...    But the rest of the album is a mix of homage and original work that is one of the most intriguing and musically satisfying of the early albums. It's the point at which the Beatles decided NOT to merely become a \\"pop machine\\" and instead threw in some stuff just for the sheer rock n' roll pleasure of it. If a few cuts sound off-the-cuff (and they do) I think it's to good effect.    In some ways, as these early 20-somethings struggled with the kind of fame and corporate pressures that were nearly unimaginable in their time, this album served as the fulcrum of their creative lives, the Archimedean point that made the rest - Revolver, Sgt.Pepper, etc. - possible. They defined themselves in a new and different way: darker, less tied to the Happy Lads from Liverpool package that had been prepared for them.    It's got its ups and downs, but it's a definitive album, and one of my favorites. If you get a good copy on vinyl, it's a GREAT listen.
015206396X|4.0|Have you ever, while reading a book, looked up from the pages and had to blink in surprise at finding that you were not in the world which you were reading about? That happened to me while reading this very absorbing fantasy novel.  I was initially reluctant to pick this book up. The genre of-  A fantasy world where some individuals have a power or ability which sets them apart from others in their world, is losing its appeal for me lately.  However I was curious to see what all the \\"bloggy buzz \\" was about. This book is done so well and I enjoyed it so much that maybe I'm not as tired of this genre as I had thought. It did take me about 3 chapters to get in to this book but when I was in I was totally absorbed.   I am not going to summarize the plot in this review that has been done very well in other reviews on this site. What I will say is, Katsa, the main protagonist is graced with the skill of killing. She is a wonderful character with a truly heroic soul. Like all great heroes she is conflicted about even her own nature and Grace.   I LOVED the first half of this book, I could not put it down . The moment about halfway through, where the fabulous \\"baddie\\" is introduced and Katsa began to understand the true nature of her grace was nothing short of brilliant and I became filled with anticipation of what was to follow. Unfortunately, for me the story lost momentum after that. All of the fascinating new developments were tied up too quickly and neatly. Having said that. my overall enjoyment of this book still rates very high.
B0028SVXR6|5.0|The Mars Volta finally release an \\"acoustic\\" album, \\"Octahedron.\\"  This effort is perhaps an attempt to appease the fans and the critics who stood dejectedly, with open mouths, scratching their heads over their past three albums.<br /><br />I enjoyed their past three albums (\\"Frances the Mute,\\" \\"Amputechture,\\" and \\"The Bedlam in Goliath\\").  The Mars Volta are intense and strangely different.  (We need this in an industry of soulless hacks and pop-singers pretending to be rock `n' rollers.)<br /><br />\\"Octahedron\\" is another mind-blowing experience (yeah, yeah...I know, everybody says that about progressive rock, but let's ride the clich&eacute; together on this one).  I'm happy these boys have the gusto to challenge their collective listeners.<br /><br />I enjoyed all eight tracks.  This album really \\"hangs together.\\"  I love listening to an album without the urge to skip tracks.  The opener, \\"Since We've Been Wrong,\\" had me thinking, \\"They love to surprise their listeners.\\"  I've had the closer, \\"Desperate Graves,\\" in my head since I heard it.  \\"Halo of Nembutals\\" and \\"Cotopaxi\\" are my favorite tracks.<br /><br />From the falsetto vocals to the innovative guitar work, each track is inspired and unique.  Volta albums tend to feel bloated with noise; this album is lean (and still mean).  In short, I enjoyed all 50 minutes.  Hopefully the fans will unite under \\"Octahedron.\\"<br /><br />The Mars Volta deliver the goods.<br /><br />This is rock music for rock `n' rollers.
B001MEJY8W|3.0|This movie goes beyond shocking. It disembowels you!<br /><br />I don't know where to begin. Well, let me first say that this movie really abuses women. So if you're a feminist or someone who doesn't have the stomach to watch women getting abused in a way that goes beyond Jess Franco, then pass on this one.<br /><br />There's blood, there's self-mutilation, there's flaying, there's beating, and there's mental torture. Hey, how's that for a horror movie.<br /><br />I don't think I can write a proper review of this movie without spoiling it. But let me assure you, it's not what you think. We makes assumptions and that's normal but this movie is anything but.<br /><br />Watch it alone first and then decide if you want to invite your friends and loved ones to share the experience with you.<br /><br />Good luck.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This is a great game for the family since even younger kids can play and compete well against the older kids and adults. A great game to take camping. I'm not a big board game person but enjoy playing this game with the kids.
1595141979|5.0|It took me a little bit to realize just how well this book was pulled together.  The 1st two in the series were ok.  Nothing to get nutty over.  The 3rd book just had a great plot twist - totally have no idea what the heck is gonna happen in the next book.  Cant wait to read it.  (This series is fun for non-vamp readers too - it has a plot and real characters and everything!)  Totally read it!
0061537969|5.0|It was my book club pick for this month.  Great story \\"written\\" by a dog about his perspective living life as a dog and observing his people.   It's funny, insightful, touching, sad, wonderful.   The dog's owner is a wanna be professional race car driver and there are some wonderful insights about that life and how to survive/endure/win long, hard races on the track and in life.     I read it \\"in a gulp\\", cried at the end and loved it.  Went online to look to see what Amazon readers who read/loved this book might also have read.
B00005RY7X|5.0|He's one of a kind and if you can find another like him, be sure to let me know. Andrew W.K. may sound frivolous to the untrained ear, but ask yourself what kind of qualities make up the music that matters [to you] and you'll find that for a Fun Night, Andrew W.K. only wants to help. He captures in I Get Wet the sound of partying, but as the second track warns, it's time to Party Hard. Buy I Get Wet if your idea of fun is gathering a group of friends together and going nuts.
B00275EGTC|4.0|In this sci-fi thriller, Sam Bell has only two weeks left on his three year contract to \\"harvest\\" Helium-3 for Lunar Industries on the far side of the moon. He constitutes a crew of exactly one person, and so he's desperately lonely and eager to go home. He talks to his plants, runs on the tread mill, whittles a replica of home out of wood, and lives for the video feeds from his beloved Tess. His only companion is the \\"robotic assistant\\" Gerty, who is voiced by Kevin Spacey and expresses himself with emoticons. As the movie unfolds, Sam learns why he's a crew of one, or so he thought, and even more importantly, why one at a time. Going home isn't as simple as it first seemed. Lunar Industries boasts the cleanest energy available to earthlings, and praises its lone lunar employee. But harvesting Helium-3 looks like strip mining, and, strangely, there's no live communication feed. This film isn't about a lonely astronaut, or even about evil corporations, but about what it means to be human. Human identity is embedded in the cosmic status quo; \\"we're people, not computerized programs,\\" says Sam. Or so he wished.
0312370849|5.0|I learned about this book in Paris last month. After visiting the Museum of the Shoah (Holocaust), a woman told me about it in the Museum of Jewish Art and History. Terribly moving.
020161622X|2.0|As an experienced software developer, I was looking for a book that I could recommend to more junior members of my team to help them improve their skills. This book wasn't it. Although this book has a lot of very good advice in it, it's mostly a mile wide and an inch deep. For a junior developer not already familiar with these ideas, there isn't enough meat here for them to gain any real appreciation or understanding of the material.<br /><br />In contrast, take Code Complete. It's *only* a book about code construction, a small portion of what Pragmatic Programmer tries to cover. And yet, Code Complete weighs in at nearly 900 pages, versus Pragmatic's 300 or so. The difference is detail. Code Complete really digs into each topic, explaining it completely and giving examples. It's a bigger read to be sure, but when you're done, you have truly learned something. When you finish Pragmatic Programmer, you're left wanting another book that actually explains everything you just read.
B001IBIQU6|3.0|Having been a fan of DM since the mid-80s, I was more than prepared to love their latest effort.  And I do, but only partly. In my view, the only memorable/worthwhile songs are \\"In Chains\\" and \\"In Sympathy\\", both of which are among my favorite DM songs ever. And while \\"Wrong\\" is also noteworthy, the rest of the CD fails to make an impact; it just washes over me. So my advice, download the above tracks and maybe a few more.  Then again, I say get whole thing to support the group we all love.
B000HWZ4CA|1.0|This DVD was alos the poorest quality ever received; I am shocked that Amazon is passing out this sort of junk.
0307460444|5.0|...and that's a good thing! Martha Stewart's recent publications (Martha Stewart's Cookies, Martha Stewart's Cooking School, Everday Food) have been outstanding.     \\"Martha Stewart's Cupcakes\\" is a great and expansive resource for everything cupcakes.    I especially like this book because it offers such a wide range of recipes. I love to bake, but I am not interested in molding marzipan or creating chocolate-encrusted leaf impressions. The great thing about this book is that it has recipes for those interested in the minute details of cupcake decorations and those, like myself, who just want a tasty chocolate ganache cupcake.    The recipes are organized in fun categories, such as \\"swirled and sprinked\\" and \\"filled and layered.\\" Some recipes are quite demanding (spun-sugar crowned cupcakes) and others are quite easy (red velvet cupcakes). The book is filled with fun holiday ideas for every season and, of course, the beautiful photography that always accompanies the Martha Stewart Living publications.    This book is great for anyone who loves cupcakes. The recipes offer a great range of difficulty, ingredient lists, and flavors. New bakers and pastry chefs alike will find something here to like.     I am very pleased with the quality of Martha's latest release and look forward to whatever she releases next.
0790731452|5.0|This was a gift for my son. He has thourghly enjoyed this movie. I recomend it for anyone that likes to laugh.
1433502402|5.0|I absolutely love this Bible! I did a lot of research before making the purchase because it is one of my more expensive Bibles. I like the ESV translation because it has the literal accuracy of the King James Version and the readability of the New International Version. My favorite quality is the long list of trusted theologians, such as J. I. Packer and Wayne Grudem that contributed to the commentary. I find comfort in knowing that the commentary isn't a theological opinion of one individual but of the life long study, research, writings, and teachings of a large group of very smart and credible theologians. In addition, the color pictures and maps are a fun bonus. Moreover, it's also a very well built Bible. I suggest checking out their website, [...], and reading more about the ESV Study Bible if one is still unsure about making the purchase. Again, I absolutely love this Bible!
B0026J8LHM|5.0|This fresh new DT release starts out with a background storm and ominous/creepy music -compliments to Jordan Rudess' skillful mood creating ability on keyboard. Interestingly enough, the album ends with the background sounds of peace/tranquility - perhaps the beginning being \\"Black Clouds\\" and the end being \\"Silver Lining.\\"    Most of the album comes in Epic form - excellent musical passages with all the thrills, spills, and adrenaline fueled guitar riffs. Some musical ideas from previous discs are intelligently sown in (as alluded to in other reviews) which adds to the album's emotional buy-in from the listener who is well-acquainted with DT's musical catalogue.     The second disc with 6 cover songs from Rainbow, Queen, King Crimson, Steve Morse, and a couple I'm unfamiliar with, certainly is an unusual combination, but worthy of discovering some musical influences or homages to other progressive music masters from the past.     This new release is genuinely rewarding, with three discs full of great music - the buyer can't go wrong.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|I have to admit that I am a HUGE fan of Romero's \\"Dead\\" series and every other zombie movie out there. It's not the that zombies are fast or have supernatural powers, the fright is in the numbers. Anybody who is a fan of anything zombie knows this. Most movies and books have the characters holed up in some place as one by one each of them makes a fatal mistake and gets bitten. This book takes place during the clean up if such an epidemic took place. And as the reader you are not left to read about a group stranded on a farm or hiding in the attic of a very old house. Brooks takes it to the next level and shows us just how we as a society and it's little niches would react, behave, and basically survive. Who would we sacrifice? How would nations that normally have their weapons pointed at each other come together to survive? Who would seek to profit and  which unlikely citizen would rise to be a hero? There is a movie coming out and I hope they do this book justice because the book touches on that very theme \\"justice\\". When is it ok to kill innocent people for the safety of another larger group?<br />This brings the zombie epidemic to the rest of the world
B001NFNFNU|5.0|Changeling starring Angelina Jolie is an intense and gripping film from beginning to end. Directed by Clint Eastwood, I thought Changeling was an extraordinary piece of art, I can see why this film was nominated for Cinematography, Art Direction, and of course Best Actress. Jolie is absolutely wonderful here, she hasn't been this compelling since Girl, Interrupted. Jolie is perfectly cast as a single mother who's young son goes missing after she returns home from work. This movie is set in 1928, I love the look and feel of this film, the story is based on a true story - a horrific one I must say. Some of the scenes are a bit unsettling but I enjoyed this drama, I highly recommend it!
B00001U0E1|4.0|Its a chick flick - your wife will love it but if your a guy ? might be a little to mushy for ya lol
1400110602|5.0|This book was suggested to me by a friend and I just couldn't focus enough to read it. So I got it on CD and I Loved it .
0307341569|3.0|The basic plotline of this story was excellent.  Youngest daughter in a single-mother family of four survives the slaughter of said family and then testifies that her brother was the killer.  Nearly twenty-five years later circumstances arise that make her question everything she's ever known and the ensuing story about finding answers leads us to a resolution.  I thought this premise sounded very interesting and that the novel would provide me with a little bit of thought-provocation and a lot of suspense.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the way each of these characters were written made them very unsympathetic to me as a reader.  Many may disagree with me, by saying that anyone who experiences the brutal death of a family member has the right to be selfish throughout the rest of his or her life.  But, I disagree with that theory and the actions of Libby Day, her tone in telling the story and her mood towards those around her who only wanted to help did not endear her to me at all.<br /><br />What redeemed this novel for me were the flashback chapters told from the perspectives of Ben and Patty Day, accused brother and murdered mother respectively.  Hearing the story told, in the day leading up to the murders, from their points of view were the pieces of this book that made me keep reading instead of tossing the book aside for something better.  In these chapters, the author did a remarkable job of laying out the puzzles pieces that no one had been able to put together up to that point.<br /><br />This story has many layers and I'm sure that different readers will get many different messages from it.  I was disappointed that I didn't like the main character more, but that didn't stop me from wanting to get answers about what really happened \\"that night\\" just like she did.<br /><br />This is not a novel to be read easily on a beach or vacation.  You need to be open to giving all aspects of this story a lot of thought and you need to realize that there are no \\"warm fuzzies\\" anywhere within this novel, even when the mysteries are solved.  If you go into it with that knowledge, then I think you'll enjoy your read much more than I did.  I'm afraid I picked up this book thinking it was just like any other mystery, but it's so much more than that.<br /><br />Because I wasn't expecting it, I'm not sure I appreciated all those levels as much as I could have.  But, there's no denying that this is a very well-written, inventive story given to us by an extremely talented author.even when the mysteries are solved.  If you go into it with that knowledge, then I think you'll enjoy your read much more than I did.  I'm afraid I picked up this book thinking it was just like any other mystery, but it's so much more than that.      Because I wasn't expecting it, I'm not sure I appreciated all those levels as much as I could have.  But, there's no denying that this is a very well-written, inventive story given to us by an extremely talented author.
B0026J8LHM|5.0|A masterpiece. As I write this, \\"The Shattered Fortress\\" is blazing out of itunes.    I have been a DT fan for years and thought some of their albums lacked that special something that hooked me in in the first place. I can honestly say Black CLouds rekindles what makes the band so special in the first place.    Let me start with a track by track run through.    1. A Nightmare To Remember - 9/10 - A truly epic song, very reminiscent of....well nothing really. To me this a mix of all their past styles with Petrucci shredding like no tomorrow and Rudess showing some masterful playing too. Absolutely brilliant.    2. A Rite Of Passage - 8/10 - When I first heard this I knew I would like this album. This is somewhat of an archetypal DT single which follows a simple structure and ten has something extra thrown in, insane guitar and keyboard work, and then return to form. Excellent.    3. Wither - 8/10 - An excellent single and is more melodic than other songs on here, it reminds me of a more musical Vacant.    4. The Shattered Fortress - 9/10 - This just plain owns. If you liked \\"This Dying Soul\\", \\"The Glass Prison\\", \\"Repentance\\" and \\"The Root of All Evil\\" then you will like this....probably becuase riffs and motifs from those songs comprise this with some extra stuff thrown in for good measure. The thing is it works REALLY well. A fitting end to Portnoys AA saga.    5. The Best Of Times - 7/10 - The slightly upbeat and happier song of the album, Portnoy wrote this for his father and played it to him before he died. It is very good, follows a farily simple (I use fairly lightly) structure and shows some good flavour to the album. As much as I do like this track I feel it is the weakest on the album (which is not saying much becuase they are all good).    6. The Count Of Tuscany - 10/10 - At first I thought this was odd, why did people think it was like \\"A Change Of Seasons\\"? Then it hit me, this is a 2009 revamp (technically). This song is staggeringly good, cool lyrics,atmospheric, with a beautiful and balanced opening and an absolutely fantastic ending. This song encompasses all that is Dream Theater and is essentially a story in itself. Easily one of my all time favourite DT songs and a joy from start to finish..    The 6 covers are excellent and Stargazer especially is brilliant, but Rainbow were awesome anyway so theres no way it was'nt going to be good. The Queen mix is fantastic, Larks Tongues In Aspic Pt II is phenomenal and so is Take Your Fingers From My Hair. I would easily recommend getting the special edition one, the cover songs are THAT good.    To summarise I will say that Black Clouds has far more emotion than any other DT album I have heard and in my opinion this is among their best work, if not actually being their best. As a band they just continue to evolve, but here they show that they truly are progressive and can cater to anyones' needs.    There is something for everyone on this album, the newbie looking to start and the seasoned DT veteran. You simply cannot go wrong.    Well done guys.
B0006ZE7G2|5.0|this film was a great specticle of cinimatography, sound quality, music, symbolism, and many more great qualities. pink floyd's music fits together almost seemlessly with the bare minimum of conventional dialauge. Many Reviews have critisized the acting of this film, however i think (personally) that Bob Geldof did an outstanding job at the task that was put towards him.  This film would be a great buy for the veteran pink floyd fan, or aone who would like to see a great movie
B000002GIE|5.0|Una verdadera obra maestra del glam metal, aunque diferente en su estilo, una clara muestra del talento de Nuno en su trabajo con las cuerdas, un clsico que cualquier fan de los 80 debera tener. Extreme una gran banda!
B0013FNC38|4.0|his pure sweet voice meshes well with Colbie Caillat.  The enire CD was upbeat without the Pollyanna attitude the media forces on us.
B00005N6KG|3.0|This headphone has its pros, but it also has its cons. Its light weight. but it has a wierd way of attaching in your ears. It does not have a soft cushion like the other earphones have. So it does hurt your ears a bit. The way it sits in your ear is different, and gets uncomfortable at times. But for $10, its an average deal.
1400063736|3.0|After reading the other reviews on Amazon, I couldn't wait for this book to arrive.  On my summer reading pile of books next to my bed, it was on top.  I made it up to page 165 and was still losing interest, finding my mind wander.<br /><br />Here's a sample of the writing which, again, just made me glaze over:  \\"Goodness was more difficult than evil.  Evil men knew that more than good men.  That's why they became evil.  They's why it stuck with them.  Evil was for those who could never each the truth.  It was a mask for stupidity and lack of love...\\"<br /><br />A writing professor once told me \\"Show, don't tell\\" meaning, illustrate a story and let the reader find the truth, don't tell them what to think.<br /><br />This book didn't do it for me, but given the other glowing reviews, it's probably worth checking out.  I seem to be in the minority.
B000002PCS|5.0|This music is so beautiful, and soul-stirring! I highly recommend this CD! This music  can stir up your emotions, and it can touch your heart!<br /><br /> It is so romantic, and compelling, and can sweep you away with profound, emotions of love, sadness, and joy! I love all the songs on the CD! Some of my favorite on this CD are the following:<br />SOMEWHERE IN TIME<br />THE OLD WOMAN<br />A DAY TOGETHER<br />RHAPSODY ON A THEME OF PAGANINI<br /><br />All the musicans, and composers did a excellant, and outstanding job, I loved the incredible, awesome sound. This is top quality! I loved it!
B001AUEMFS|5.0|I am not sure what happened, if my internet cut off or what, but while in the middle of downloading this song internet explorer stoppped the download. Customer service was really nice and returned my money and I downloaded the song again with much ease. The song came out great and it definitely is one of Coldplay's best
B0002VEXUA|4.0|I am really happy that I bought this DVD, it is a must own for all the big Oasis fans. You have interviews, all the music videos from DM, all songs live, and plenty of interactive special DVD features.
B0027WNRIG|5.0|Classic Def leppard sound with all the great guitarists! Pete Willis, Steve Clark and even Phil Collin! Exellent remastering and very cool to have the live bonus disc. You wont be disappointed here!! Only gripe is I wish they could have come up with some rare songs and demo's ! Oh well Rock Rock !!!!
B001FB4W16|3.0|I love the series, and am glad I bought the DVD's.  But I could not see any reason to shell out extra bucks for the Blu-Ray technology.  Also, I really expected more bonus features than the DVD's provided.  But I didn't return them, so there you go!
B0027WNRJ0|3.0|But not the worst either, I would have to say Songs From The Sparkle Lounge is pretty bad. Def Leppard trying to sell by going country but thats a different story. This CD is missing the late great Steve Clark and it shows bigtime. I cant blame Vivian Cambell cause he's not on this one. Songs like Lets get Rocked and Make Love LIke A Man are a embarasement for such a talented band that wrote so many classics! The other thing I dont get is there are so many other B-sides and demos from this era that never made it here. Miss You In A Heartbeat, Shes So Tough, etc. Oh well enjoy it for what it is.....simple. Favorite songs are  White Lightning, Have You Ever, Tonight, and Tear It Down even though its a remix.
0739367676|1.0|I'll admit.  I was pretty curious about twilight and bought the first book to see what all the excitement was about.  It was okay. I especially liked the tension between the two characters.     New Moon.  I was hoping that Bella would see how controlling Edward was and quit pining over him.  Teenage breakups happen.  I wanted to punch Bella every time she cradled her hands to her chest to stop the hurting hole in her heart.  Ugh.    Eclipse. Here was the opportunity to get rid of Edward.  Now she could see how much better things could be if she got rid of the controlling jerk. But no, she's made to be the victim yet again and has to break the heart of someone who doesn't think of her as a tasty snack.    Now Breaking Dawn.  Breaking Dawn makes the other three look like Shakespeare.  I was disappointed that the sex scenes were omitted, but the childbirth scenes were described in all their gory detail.  (This is from someone who has given birth twice, once at home) I felt nauseous while reading the birth scene.  Then she had to go and retell it from Bella's point of view.  Not only was that unnecessary but it got very boring.  The scenes with the Volturi were probably the best part of the book, since they had genuine tension.  I really don't have any complaints about that part.  I've got to say it was really creepy to have Jacob imprint on a baby.  My parenting anti-pedophile instincts were really kicking in.  I could feel my hair standing on end.  Yuck.
0316010669|5.0|We received the book as promised in 2 days and it was in great condition.
B001GZ6QC4|4.0|This review is about the movie itself, and not about the DVD and its features.<br /><br />We all know that The Dark Knight was an overwhelming success, practically grossing $1 billion worldwide at the box office. A lot of it has to do with Heath Ledger's death sparking an intense interest in the film, but also the fact that the iconic villain The Joker is in the movie, no matter who plays the character. I feel the movie doesn't quite live up to the hype, though it ALMOST does. The feeling I get watching this movie is like I'm watching some crime drama on Wednesday nights on ABC television. The new Christopher Nolan Batman series has that feel and atmosphere. Very modern, realistic, and dark. It doesn't quite have that \\"Batman comic book movie\\" feel to it, when I compare these new movies to the 1960s TV series and Batman: The Movie (1966) and the Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher films.<br /><br />The highlights of this movie are the performances of Aaron Eckhart as Harvey Dent/Two Face and Heath Ledger as The Joker. I thought Ledger's performance was good.  He definitely \\"became\\" another person or character to the point where you would never know it's Heath Ledger under that makeup, because he drastically changed his voice and mannerisms in his own portrayal of The Joker.  It's also hard to recognize Ledger PHYSICALLY because the black makeup around his eyes makes it harder to tell it's him, versus if he had white makeup around his eyes, like Jack Nicholson did.  I must say that Jack Nicholson's Joker would have been even better if he would have changed his voice and mannerisms so it would be harder to tell it was him underneath that makeup.  Anyway, in my opinion, Ledger's Joker was not truly Joker-like overall, even if his portrayal is how the comic book Joker \\"supposedly\\" is (that's very debatable).  His portrayal of The Joker was adequate for this realistic modern Batman movie.  Cesar Romero's version was good for the campy 1960s TV series and the 1966 movie, and Jack Nicholson's version was good for the 1989 movie. But I often think of Ledger's famous line, \\"Why so serious?\\" I think that's a legitimate question he could have asked HIMSELF - \\"Why so serious?\\" In my opinion, his portrayal of The Joker was way too serious.  Not enough laughing and clowning around for my tastes.  No gadgets.  No hand buzzer.  No squirting lapel flower. That's why I like the Romero and Nicholson versions better.  Ledger did a good job ACTING, but the Joker should be funnier and live up to his name, The Joker.  In other words, crack some jokes.  There should be a balance of evilness and dark humor.  The Heath Ledger Joker was 85% evil, 15% funny.  In contrast, the Jack Nicholson Joker was about 50% evil, 50% funny.  But in defense of Ledger, he had to do what Christopher Nolan wanted him to do, for the most part.<br /><br />It was nice to see that this movie gave a tip of the hat to Cesar Romero during the bank robbery scene at the beginning of the movie.  Heath Ledger is wearing a mask that is nearly identical to the one that Cesar Romero wore during the TV series episode The Joker Is Wild (1966).  Romero wore the mask while singing opera at The Gotham City Opera Company during the Pagliacci performance.<br /><br />I thought The Joker stole the show in this movie, even more so than in the 1989 Batman movie. Christian Bale took a back seat as Batman.  Ironically, the movie is called The Dark Knight, but Batman certainly wasn't on center stage.  This movie should have been named The Joker Emerges or something like that.  In comparison, Michael Keaton in the 1989 movie didn't take as much of a back seat to Jack Nicholson, even though Nicholson stole the show. In my opinion, Christian Bale is mediocre as Bruce Wayne and Batman in this movie. That I've-been-smoking-for-40-years voice of his has got to go.  His voice is even deeper than it was in Batman Begins.<br /><br />While I like Katie Holmes a little better than Maggie Gyllenhaal in the role of Rachel Dawes, Gyllenhaal's performance was good.  But one thing I noticed is that the Rachel Dawes of The Dark Knight has a different personality than the Rachel Dawes of Batman Begins.  Rachel in Batman Begins seems feisty, sassy, confident, and has sort of an attitude.  Rachel in The Dark Knight seems more reserved, polite, non-sassy, and less confident.  To me, Gyllenhaal looks kind of like Carrie Fisher.<br /><br />I don't understand why the cops, after capturing The Joker, didn't wash the makeup off The Joker's face so they could see who's underneath the makeup.  I would think that would be the first thing they'd do, but they didn't do it.  Don't the cops want to try to identify the guy?<br /><br />If you like comic book movies with a lot of realism and seriousness to them where humor is almost nonexistent, then this will be your cup of tea. This movie has everything -- explosions, references to DNA, the latest technological gadgets, you name it. You know the setting is in 2008 when you watch it. I give this movie 4 stars instead of 5 because I think it fell short as far as having a true Batman comic book movie feel to it and for the lack of humor.  I think this movie is way too serious and humorless.  It tries to be so realistic, yet we've got Harvey Dent walking around with open wounds on his face, half of which is missing.  Apparently there's no such thing as infections in this realistic world of Gotham City in The Dark Knight.  Also, in a \\"realistic\\" world, if there was a guy roaming the streets wearing greasepaint on his face, people would laugh at him and not take him seriously and he'd get arrested easily, just like that \\"real life Spiderman\\" guy from a few years ago who appeared on the news climbing buildings.  Any kook like that gets arrested.  Easily.  The same can be said about Batman, a guy dressed in a bat suit.  People in a \\"realistic\\" world would laugh at him.  If you're going to make a movie based on comic book characters, make it look like a comic book movie, not something that looks like a realistic and serious cop drama on primetime TV.  On the other hand, if you insist on taking the \\"realistic\\" cop drama approach, you might as well go all the way with it.  In other words, don't have anything in the movie that's unrealistic or unbelievable, such as Harvey Dent's face.  Otherwise, the realism starts to get diluted and leaves you scratching your head.<br /><br />Tim Burton got it right.  He took the approach of making a comic book movie look like a comic book movie, which allowed him to get away with unrealistic and unbelievable things.  Why is it that Christopher Nolan is ending the series after three movies, with The Dark Knight Rises being the final movie?  It's very simple - he's running out of believable villains that he can use in his \\"realistic\\" crime drama world he's created.  You can't have The Penguin in the realistic world he's created.  You can't have Mr. Freeze, either.  You can't have Poison Ivy, and on and on and on.  Those are vintage comic book villains that simply would not fit into Nolan's Gotham City, which, by the way, looks too ordinary.  Why does the Ledger Joker wear greasepaint on his face and green dye in his hair instead of being a guy who has white skin and green hair as a result of falling into a vat of chemicals?  The answer is because in the realistic Nolan world, chemically discolored skin and hair couldn't happen.  Why doesn't the Ledger Joker use a squirting lapel flower, a hand buzzer, etc.?  The answer is because in Nolan's realistic world, these things would come off as unrealistic and campy.  When you think about all the things I've mentioned, you can easily see that Nolan has sucked most of the character, life, feel, and atmosphere out of the Batman that we knew from the time period circa 1940 - 2005.  Look at what he's done to the characters as well, including the iconic Joker.  In my opinion, Batman movies should always have a comic book feel to them, not a crime drama feel to them.<br /><br />The Dark Knight?  Entertaining nonetheless.ic book movie, not something that looks like a realistic and serious cop drama on primetime TV.  On the other hand, if you insist on taking the \\"realistic\\" cop drama approach, you might as well go all the way with it.  In other words, don't have anything in the movie that's unrealistic or unbelievable, such as Harvey Dent's face.  Otherwise, the realism starts to get diluted and leaves you scratching your head.<br /><br />Tim Burton got it right.  He took the approach of making a comic book movie look like a comic book movie, which allowed him to get away with unrealistic and unbelievable things.  Why is it that Christopher Nolan is ending the series after three movies, with The Dark Knight Rises being the final movie?  It's very simple - he's running out of believable villains that he can use in his \\"realistic\\" crime drama world he's created.  You can't have The Penguin in the realistic world he's created.  You can't have Mr. Freeze, either.  You can't have Poison Ivy, and on and on and on.  Those are vintage comic book villains that simply would not fit into Nolan's Gotham City, which, by the way, looks too ordinary.  Why does the Ledger Joker wear greasepaint on his face and green dye in his hair instead of being a guy who has white skin and green hair as a result of falling into a vat of chemicals?  The answer is because in the realistic Nolan world, chemically discolored skin and hair couldn't happen.  Why doesn't the Ledger Joker use a squirting lapel flower, a hand buzzer, etc.?  The answer is because in Nolan's realistic world, these things would come off as unrealistic and campy.  When you think about all the things I've mentioned, you can easily see that Nolan has sucked most of the character, life, feel, and atmosphere out of the Batman that we knew from the time period circa 1940 - 2005.  Look at what he's done to the characters as well, including the iconic Joker.  In my opinion, Batman movies should always have a comic book feel to them, not a crime drama feel to them.<br /><br />The Dark Knight?  Entertaining nonetheless.
0739366416|4.0|Hearing President Obama read/speak his book is fantastic.  The only slight dissappointment was that it seems that he skips reading some of the parts that talks about individuals or certain kinds of experiences (maybe because they are sensitive if spoken by our now President).  So, I found myself going back to the book to read over those skipped parts.  Still great to hear him talk!!
B000P0J06K|5.0|I saw Batman (1989) in the theater when it was released in 1989 and was very impressed with it.  It's very entertaining and well balanced between action scenes and slower-moving scenes. The overall atmosphere of the movie is very much on the dark side, which is something that works very well, in my opinion.  If you've seen other Tim Burton movies and like his style, then this movie should please you as well.  The dark feel of Gotham City gives the movie a feeling of dreariness and mysteriousness. The street scenes in Gotham City portray a city with lots of crime and chaos, yet the movie maintains a true comic book feel.  Tim Burton definitely created a vintage comic book movie, and that's really how a Batman movie should be.<br /><br />Michael Keaton does a great job playing Bruce Wayne/Batman. His portrayal of Bruce Wayne is that of a mysterious guy with an alter ego that he's concealing for most of the movie. He is overshadowed somewhat by the performance of Jack Nicholson as The Joker. Nicholson's performance is classic, and in my opinion, the best acting he's done in his entire career. The Joker in this movie is a psychotic killer who doesn't hesitate to poison Gotham City, whether by Smilex gas or contaminated hygiene products, and doesn't think anything of bumping off his own right hand man, Bob. This was the first movie ever made where the true nature of The Joker is exposed, which is more accurate to the comic book Joker. Batman: The Movie (1966) and the 1960s TV series didn't allow Cesar Romero to portray the Joker in a psychotic way. Instead, Romero's Joker was made into a funny thief. This was completely fine for the campy TV series, and Romero was an outstanding Joker with incredible talent.  Nicholson's Joker, on the other hand, is a balanced mixture of dark humor and evil, which is what a true Joker should be like. His wardrobe and makeup are outstanding, not to mention that permanent grin is incredibly creepy. The Joker gets darker and more evil as the movie progresses. For fans of this iconic villain, I highly recommend seeing this movie and the legendary performance of Nicholson.  In my opinion, Nicholson OWNS Heath Ledger when it comes to portraying The Joker.<br /><br />Other strong performances are by Kim Basinger as Vicki Vale, Robert Wuhl as Alexander Knox, Pat Hingle as Commissioner Gordon, Billy Dee Williams as Harvey Dent, Jack Palance as Boss Carl Grissom, and Michael Gough as Alfred. It's a very entertaining movie that is often compared to The Dark Knight, but usually loses. Personally, I prefer this movie to The Dark Knight. One of the best things in this movie is the score by Danny Elfman. The music fits the scenes so well and has become a timeless, classic score over the years. I highly recommend this movie.  I also highly recommend buying the score.e movie progresses. For fans of this iconic villain, I highly recommend seeing this movie and the legendary performance of Nicholson.  In my opinion, Nicholson OWNS Heath Ledger when it comes to portraying The Joker.<br /><br />Other strong performances are by Kim Basinger as Vicki Vale, Robert Wuhl as Alexander Knox, Pat Hingle as Commissioner Gordon, Billy Dee Williams as Harvey Dent, Jack Palance as Boss Carl Grissom, and Michael Gough as Alfred. It's a very entertaining movie that is often compared to The Dark Knight, but usually loses. Personally, I prefer this movie to The Dark Knight. One of the best things in this movie is the score by Danny Elfman. The music fits the scenes so well and has become a timeless, classic score over the years. I highly recommend this movie.  I also highly recommend buying the score.
B001S2PT3M|4.0|It would be really hard to top the storyline of the first season but it came pretty close.
B001E5FYS8|1.0|I had high hopes for \\"Man on Wire.\\" Surely the Oscar winning documentary in a year with a particularly crowded and high-quality field would be something remarkable. Unfortunately, the film was an overproduced and slick, if tense and suspenseful, celebration of narcissistic masculinity from the beginning to an end that culminated, predictably enough, in mile-high sexual hijinks. That it won the Academy Award speaks more to the priorities of Oscar voters, who seemed to respond to the ways this documentary closely resembled its narrative cousins (charismatically inscrutable protagonist, suspenseful action, elegantly shot and edited re-enactment sequences) than to the aesthetic and social potential of the documentary genre. That the Academy rewarded a film celebrating the individual pursuit of \\"because it's there\\" adventuring over docs exploring social themes (such as \\"The Garden\\" and \\"Trouble the Waters\\") struck me as a strangely escapist retreat from politics in a year marked by a renewed investment in and hope for the power of collective action.    \\"Man on Wire\\" is an exceptionally well-made film, hitting pitch-perfect notes in terms of production values, editing, and the creation of suspense even when the audience knows precisely how everything will end. Yet it feels rote, even derivative. The reliance on lengthy re-enactment sequences channels Errol Morris with perhaps a bit too much fealty. But while Errol Morris is keenly attune to the way images have effects in the world, \\"Man on Wire\\" is content to do nothing beyond making the audience gasp at the audacious protagonist and virtuosic filmmakers. If that's enough for you, might as well buy a ticket for the latest summer blockbuster.
B001NY42KQ|5.0|Having a young daughter, she loves HSM and has the other previous 2.  Getting her this one has had the same effect as the other two: she watches it all of the time.  Delivery was quick and she was so happy when she received it.  Thank you!
B000FS9MV0|5.0|Wonderful album.Although very frustrating to wait for 3 years. A wonderful collection of music that Renee handles tremedously. She is certainly a talent that will be with us for many , many years. Highly reccomended for anyone who enjoys fresh , new talent!
B00026WU7I|5.0|This is always trotted out as the best Dylan album, and it is, in fact, very very good.  But better than Highway 61, or just different?  Better than Desire, or just different?   Each one is so unique- I don't see how they can be compared really.  But yes, really really good.  More laid back, contemplative dylan.  Not so much feaked out imagery as the earlier stuff, not so much scary medicine show Xianity as the later stuff.  Totally masterful and brilliant- sensitive, angry, bitter.
1402210086|4.0|England, 1810s.  Kitty Charing is an heiress.  She will inherit a rather generous fortune -- about thirty thousand a year.  Not bad for an orphan!  Her guardian has been very generous indeed, and generosity is so not one of Mr. Penicuik's virtues!  Of course, there's a catch.  She will inherit the fortune, but only if she marries one of Mr. Penicuik's great-nephews.  This will sure turn this otherwise plain girl into quite a hit among her adopted cousins, right?  Wrong.  One of them, an earl, proposes only because his mother makes him, while another, a clergyman, does it out of pity.  What a way to make a woman, even one with a heavy purse, feel desirable, huh?  Kitty isn't interested in marrying any of those losers anyway.  Nor does she want her guardian's money.  All she wants is to go to London.  She longs to attend parties and cotillions and get away from the countryside for at least one month.  So she and Freddie, a sweet but thickheaded cousin, make up the perfect scheme: they pretend to be engaged, just so she could visit London.  This won't hurt anyone, and no one cares about her anyway.  Not even Jack, the handsome big flirt she's always had a crush on...<br /><br />Cotillion is a fun, entertaining and hilarious effort from the Queen of Regency Romance, the one and only Georgette Heyer.  Her writing is flawless, romantic without resulting to vulgarity, no clich&eacute;s, no anachronistic sexual innuendos or fake-sounding Georgian language.  She makes you feel the era -- and her comedy of manners is a cross between Jane Austen and Frances Burney, only more centered on the romance than on general characters.  Kitty is great.  She speaks her mind (though not in a modern, in-your-face manner) and, while annoying and nave at times, longs for things all young ladies desire.  Freddie is a Georgian version of a metrosexual male; he loves the latest fashions, knows all about the latest trends, and is not interested in marriage whatsoever.  Some might even see this character as a closet homosexual, though that, of course, I won't discuss further.  Jack is wonderful as well.  My one complaint is that he is introduced about halfway through the book.  First published in 1956, Cotillion is a classic.  It is definitely better written than most, if not all, current romances in the market.  (Definitely better written than the train wreck I read at the same time as this.)  So if you're in the bargain for something funny, sweet and entertaining, but also historically accurate, then you cannot go wrong with Heyer.  Nobody does Regency romance better than her!character as a closet homosexual, though that, of course, I won't discuss further.  Jack is wonderful as well.  My one complaint is that he is introduced about halfway through the book.  First published in 1956, Cotillion is a classic.  It is definitely better written than most, if not all, current romances in the market.  (Definitely better written than the train wreck I read at the same time as this.)  So if you're in the bargain for something funny, sweet and entertaining, but also historically accurate, then you cannot go wrong with Heyer.  Nobody does Regency romance better than her!
0452286751|1.0|We all have a primitive inner voice, some call it the \\"Id\\", some call it the lizard brain.  It's been referred to with the most clarity as the \\"selfish gene\\": Not meaning that an individual has a particular gene that makes them selfish, but that we all have genes that demand to be passed on, and thus compel us to behave selfishly: to hog resources, to create as many babies as we can (for the males at least), to lie and cheat to clamber our way to the top of the evolutionary pile, or at least make sure that our particular genes aren't extinguished in this round.    And it makes perfect sense.  Obviously, in the stone age, those who didn't get enough resources perished along with their genetic code, and those who produced more offspring were more likely to pass the code on to future generations.  The result: we're now in the 21st centure with an artifact in our brains telling us to do whatever it takes to maintain status, resources, and offspring.    Now, what are the most base, shallow, crude, and salient indicators of reproductive fitness primitive man and woman would have looked for?  Simple: Secondary sex charcteristics and wealth.  The former needs no explanation, the latter indicates ability to survive, intelligence, power, etc. etc.  Never mind that there are people who are incredibly weatlhy now who have little intelligence, wit, or work ethic (eg Paris Hilton) our primitive brain still sees all that wealth and says \\"good good, me likey\\" or just \\"oooohhh  shiny\\".    Now we have Ms. Rand- pseudo-intellectual poser writ large.  With her bloated, pedantic, patronizing tome, glorifying monkey brain style status indicators and by god, your right to seek them at all costs.  \\"Altruism is for the weak\\" shouts the Ape Queen.  She towers over her drone-like followers as they worship at the temple of their own primitive drives, now given legitimacy (at least in their minds) by this and a few other of her \\"novels\\", snapping and salivating at any who may have the audacityto question the sanity of their philosophy.      Can't we all agree in this age that this kind of dressed up selfishness just doesn't work?  Sadly no.            For those about to whine that I \\"didn't review the book\\", if the entire philosophy underlying the book is bankrupt, then by reviewing it, I am, in essence, reviewing the book.  The plot and characters are just paper-thin window dressing for said philosophy anyway.    Ok, so altruism is bad eh?  For the weak you say?  Ethical self-interest you say?  Let's look at that under the clear light of science, not the murky bog of philosophy.      If we have different genetic groups, let's call them \\"races\\" (though that term is somewhat dubious from a strictly genetic perspective, but we self organize based of \\"race\\" so its useful), and these races tend to group together to promote their own interests over those of other groups WHICH THEY DO (because at a, usually, unconscious level, they realize that they share more genes with each other than with those in the outgroup), and if there are limited resources WHICH THERE ARE...    Now if we remove altruism from the picture because its \\"for the weak\\", and we say that the self-interest of the individual is paramount at all times, then it follows that the group in power could and SHOULD exterminate the weaker group(s).    Ah, that's \\"unethical\\" you say.  Why?  Because its morally bankrupt?  Because no one in their right mind would say that's ok?  But that's the end result of your insane philosophy isn't it?  It's funny how when its put in this light you all have a hard time standing by your own conclusions.      But there it is.  Allowing outgroups to use your resources up IS altruism, plain and simple.  You're either in a world where altuism is OK, or you're in a world of unending violence.  Sociology 101.
6304936346|5.0|I was sceptical upon buying, since the DVD was less than the shipping, too cheap? I wondered.  But the case, DVD and the picture quality were all super.  So glad that I can get an old classic like this, 'cause Blockbuster doesn't carry it!
B001N18HOQ|5.0|Emerging from the ashes of one of the most influential bands in Seattle Grunge (Mother Love Bone), Pearl Jam mark the movement today. Nirvana, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, among others eventually, lost strength, but in his \\"world\\", Pearl Jam continued to grow and develop. In his first album, some of his greatest classics: Alive, Even Flow, Jeremy, and his first ballad: Black. In one of his most memorable performance, the MTV Unplugged shows to grab these young people, now mens move the Rock
0545128285|1.0|This book is really for children. If you expect a more 'wizardly' creation, just read the Potter books all over again.
B001684L0A|1.0|I cannot recommend the blu-ray release of John Adams because of a crucial defect in its subtitling code which causes the subtitles of French and German speakers in the third episode to vanish unless the English subtitles are turned on.  Unfortunately there is no way to only turn on the subtitles of non-English speakers, so we must also see subtitles for the English speakers, effectively forcing us to watch this close-captioned.  How could such a crucial error get through the mastering process? This error wasn't present on the DVD release.
B00002DF4X|5.0|I love the CD.  It is perfect to listen to at work because it is calming.
0307454541|4.0|This book is perfect for fans of mysteries with detailed and intertwined subplots.  It is centered around several characters challenging each other  and competing as the upstaged protagonist; all are quite interesting and different (each slightly tending toward one evil or good dimension when all is said and done).<br /><br />The two leads are a famous Swedish journalist, a righteous Mikael Blomkvist stunted by a questionable libel conviction, and a waif gothic hacker, the ingenious and strange Lisbeth Salander, who inspires the title.  They ultimately come together as an old unsolved, high profile mystery surrounding the disappearance of a young female member of a wealthy industrialist family begins to unravel.  Warning, this novel does have a generally liberal and sometimes disturbing sexual orientation at times, and is not really appropriate for adolescents.<br /><br />This novel is paced deliberately slow, though it really does grab you and introduces the subplots methodically and convincingly over the first hundred or so pages.  A few of the conclusions were lame, but most were worth the time invested and some were inspirational.  The writing style is quite good, though somewhat short of literary - much, much better than the average mystery writer.  On a final note, don't worry about the Swedish to English translation - it was very perfectly done with only a handful of irregularities.  I am sad that the author died, but will happily read the other two books as they are published.
B000001GXB|5.0|These superhuman performances were remastered from their former LPs.<br />The recordings represent the very pinnacle of recorded pianism on these late sonatas by Beethoven.<br />If you argue that Kempff's two versions are better, you should get the LP releases of these fantastic performances of Pollini.<br />The remastering has somewhat restored the super dynamics displayed in these recordings, but never to 100%, which is a great pity.<br />Some pianists suffer more in this digitisation process, like Pollini. Some suffer less, like Arrau.<br />Even so, these remastered CD set is enough to give the reasonably intelligent listener at least a glimpse of Pollini's greatness. Not just staggering technique or great speed, if those are the most easily discernible traits that are left over after digitisation, but if you listen with a little bit more care on the phrasings and dynamics, you may perhaps catch some of the most overwhelmingly powerful interpretation of these late masterpieces of Beethoven.<br />Talk is cheap, and the rest is just noise.<br />Postcript:<br />To take matters forward, it is useful to give a comparison of the vinyl and the digital re-masterings.<br />On vinyl, the sound is much more spheric, with more 'top' and 'bottom', while the digitised sound captures the mid-range with a dead-on quality. The suppleness of Pollini's touching is lost by at least 50% compared with the digitised CD sound.
B0019UGYK0|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It's amazing that it was made in 1967! It shows that great acting and great writing are all that is needed for a great movie.
B001FBIPF0|5.0|FOB did it again! another cd with AWESOME music, catchy choruses, nothing boring about this at all!
1878424777|5.0|I bought the book and had to buy the CD to listen to in my car and ipod.  Once is not enough.  Sadly most of us are in a cloud of not being who we truly are and do not treat ourselves or others with the respect and love we all deserve.  I think everyone should listen to this daily and practice it and the watch the world change.  Ruiz is inspirational.
B00004RJ74|5.0|This is a really entertaining film - it's completely over the top but in a very good way. It also has a little of everything to please many audiences. It has the horror, the supernatural, the violence, the crime etc... and it bridges all these genres pretty well. It also features some great performances from the actors. Another good one in a similar vein, but without the supernatural bent is [[ASIN:6304602979 True Romance (Unrated Director's Cut)]]. It's more crime oriented, but is also a great story.
B0001AP158|4.0|This Left Feels Right Live was recorded in front of a home town crowd in Atlantic City. The concert was recorded at the Borgata Hotel and Casino and the audience was just large enough to make this a more intimate evening than usual at a Bon Jovi concert.    Playing in support of their This Left Feels Right CD the band worked its way through reinvented classics for nearly two hours. It is important to realize that this is not an acoustic set but a reworked set. The songs take on new meaning in their new arrangements. As a person who came upon Bon Jovi music late this DVD was very good although some fans are quibbling over the new sound.     I viewed the standard definition two disc set and had no issues with either picture or sound quality. The bonus disc offered six additional songs presented from the Hyde Park concert. The clips may be viewed on their own or as part of a Clip Poker segment. Also included are a photo gallery and an interview segment.
0394401557|4.0|The book was a very good price.  It was listed as \\"used\\" and it was,but it was in very good shape.  Delivery was timely.
B001BFFTO0|2.0|I bought these boots a few months ago and, within weeks, the  rubber sole -particularly at the toe-began separating from the base . I brought them in to the local dealer who replaced them but mentioned that he has been getting many complaints from customers regarding this issue. He told me that the glue the company is using is an \\"environmentally friendly\\" type that has a lessor bonding ability. This caused a tripping hazard for me. Other than that, the boots were fine. Buyer beware.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I am a big fan of the Sookie Stackhouse books so I was unsure whether the series would do it justice. However it is great. Goes along with the books enough that fans won't get angry but is different enough that I'm not bored.
B001KVZ6F2|1.0|What a disappointment! Too many bad words to dodge, if you mute out the potty-mouth, you don't get to hear the movie at all. Soooooo not worth the time to get to the impotent finish. No satisfaction of watching the bad guys get emasculated and see regret fade into pallid death... I rented it for a $1 and it wasn't worth the money! It's Hollywood; it should end the way I want it to. However unrealistic, \\"Dirty Harry\\" made us feel good. I hope this isn't indicative of Eastwood's final years on the screen... fade to black.
B00004XPPB|4.0|How did I miss this film for twelve years? As a Pacino fan, a Johnny Depp fan, and a mobster movie addict, it's nothing short of amazing that I only watched DONNIE BRASCO for the first time this week.<br /><br />My only complaint about DONNIE BRASCO is that it's too short and light. Another fifteen minutes of screen time would have deepened the characters immensely. DONNIE BRASCO doesn't do a great job of capturing the ambience of the late 70s, but it's a relatively minor flaw in an otherwise impressive picture. Overall, with its renditions of petty thievery, (breaking open parking meters for change), cheap shot extortion (putting muscle on Mom-and-Pop corner grocery stores for a few hundred bucks a week) and constant pointless but violent arguments, the timbre of DONNIE BRASCO reflects [[ASIN:B000286RP2 Mean Streets]] more than [[ASIN:B0018CMJSU The Godfather]].<br /><br />There's no romance in DONNIE BRASCO's Mafia. Depp plays Federal Agent Joe Pistone, who is tasked with infiltrating the Bonnanno Family in late 1970s New York City. Using the alias \\"Donnie Brasco,\\" Pistone befriends low-level torpedo Lefty Ruggerio (Al Pacino), who is permanently rooted near the bottom of the Family food chain. The dynamic \\"Brasco\\" however, soon attracts the attention of crew boss Sonny \\"Black\\" Napolitano (Michael Madsen), who begins moving Brasco (and himself) up through the ranks. A disappointed Lefty is left behind, although Brasco/Pistone tries mightily to maintain his links with Lefty if for no other reason than they've become friends.<br /><br />The strain of leading his double life puts Pistone at terrible risk. His marriage collapses and his personal family life becomes a shambles. He begins to adopt street talk, to hit his wife, and to put his Family before his family. He is forced into committing minor crimes as part of his cover, and assists in chopping up and burying the bodies after a hit. He's recognized by a law-and-order colleague whom he punches out in order to protect himself. Still, there is much in the camaraderie of the Family that Pistone appreciates. Eventually, as he tells his wife, \\"I'm not like them---I am them.\\" Just as he's about to become a made guy, the FBI swoops in and arrests everyone, shutting down his undercover operation.<br /><br />Pistone's activities send roughly one hundred mobsters to jail, and earn him a medal, a commendation, and a $500.00 bonus check, and a deep ambivalence toward his work and his life.<br /><br />After watching DONNIE BRASCO, I found myself questioning whether, given the crummy quality of the mob as portrayed, the risk and expense of breaking up \\"organized crime\\" was at all worth it. It seems like a lot of effort for a few dozen yards of chintz.there is much in the camaraderie of the Family that Pistone appreciates. Eventually, as he tells his wife, \\"I'm not like them---I am them.\\" Just as he's about to become a made guy, the FBI swoops in and arrests everyone, shutting down his undercover operation.    Pistone's activities send roughly one hundred mobsters to jail, and earn him a medal, a commendation, and a $500.00 bonus check, and a deep ambivalence toward his work and his life.    After watching DONNIE BRASCO, I found myself questioning whether, given the crummy quality of the mob as portrayed, the risk and expense of breaking up \\"organized crime\\" was at all worth it. It seems like a lot of effort for a few dozen yards of chintz.
B001UE27X8|5.0|Possibly the best voice/piano duo recordings existing.  Everyone who loves either of these artists should add this to their collection.  It's quite the loveliest music you'll hear, and this will become one of your 'desert island' recordings.
1401923119|5.0|Stuck in morass beliefs that have been passed down from generation to grandma and grandpa and so on and now to you? Tired of muddling through other peoples \\"stuff\\" which make absolutely no sense and creates barriers that you continue to struggle through, hitting and missing dreams, opportunities, and peace?      Read this! It just might help you to create and accept your own ideas and beliefs.    Just plain fascinating -- and enlightening.
B001GCUNYO|4.0|If there were EVER a film for dads, this is it! Especially for dads with daughters! The action is continuous without being overbearing and it's got some great dialogue ... for an action movie.<br /><br />For those who don't know, \\"Taken\\" is about a ex-CIA agent who has retired to spend more time with his teenage daughter. When his ex-wife and daughter convince him to let her go to Paris, he's wary of it, still the usual overprotective dad, but agrees to let her go. Of course, she gets kidnapped and he has to go find her and save her. Simple plot, lots of action, lots of cool, revenge-driven dialogue, and one of my favorite actors Liam Neeson.<br /><br />THIS is the Father's Day gift that any dad (especially for ones with daughters as I can speak from experience) would appreciate. My only problem with the story is the very ending. I can't really say too much without giving it away, but all this stuff happens and then at the very end, SLIGHT SPOILER ALERT: Neeson and his daughter carry on almost as if the trauma never happened. It just seemed a little rushed and unrealistic to me, but, then again, it is a movie. And a damn good entertaining one at that!
B002BWQ5CC|3.0|I got this at a bargain price in hardcover and not sure if worth it. I'll admit a tad better than the first installment in the trilogy but still not loving it and it's a lot more frustrating than the first. Sanderson spends too much time on politics and I tired of hearing a laundry list of emotions and whinning. I'd add the pacing is off and it makes the first half rather boring and dry and the author gets sidetracked often. There are a few good action scenes but not enough to make an involving read over all. In all honesty, it didn't really begin until the end and then it was over.
B001FB55H6|5.0|The thing about [[ASIN:0930289234 Watchmen]] is that it's a book about costumed heroes (the only \\"superhero\\" of the lot is Dr. Manhattan) and some may rule it off as \\"just another comic book.\\" But it should be given some merit for the single fact that Time magazine named it one of the 100 best novels (not graphic or comics, just novels) of all time. Most were worried that such an intense story was unfilmable. A lot of directors and studio execs had tried to bring it to the screen but their efforts fell short before production even began. Then came director Zach Snyder (fresh off just adapting Frank Miller's graphic novel [[ASIN:B001LF2WCC 300: The Complete Experience (Blu-ray Book + Digital Copy and BD-Live) [Blu-ray]]]), and all fell into place. Now, the movie is out and I can't rave enough about it!<br /><br />A quick synopsis of the story, by legendary writer Alan Moore and artist<br />Dave Gibbons, is that, in an alternate 1985 where Richard M. Nixon is<br />still President of the U.S. and when masked heroes have been outlawed,<br />a long-time costumed hero/government agent, Edward Blake, is murdered<br />and another costumed hero/vigilante, Rorschach, suspects that there is<br />a serial killer picking off costumed heroes. Through the overall plot,<br />each main character's backstory is explored (think TV's [[ASIN:B0021L8FO4 Lost: The Complete Seasons 1-5]], which co-creators Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse admit to Watchmen being a major influence) as five major ex-costumed heroes try to bring the killer to justice. The story isn't just full of action, violence, nudity and cussing -- it's got plenty of that. But it's also about the deep psychology and philosophy rooted in superhero mythology; i.e., separation from one's own humanity and dealing with all the drama and mess that comes with life; living an impotent life when not doing what you feel destined to do; being an uncompromising force in a world that needs compromise; giving in to a lie that you believe will help billions of others; and not facing up to a past of lies that you swore your life by. Each character confronts their own inner demons (most of which made them get into the costumed hero business in the first place), while trying to solve the overall mystery of the killer's motive.<br /><br />I'm a fan of the graphic novel (albeit not one of those diehard fans) and thoroughly enjoyed the film adaptation. I wouldn't compare it to [[ASIN:B001GZ6QDS The Dark Knight (Two-Disc Special Edition + Digital Copy)]] per se because the two movies are different in the sense that \\"Knight\\" portrays a character that has many stories to choose from, while Watchmen is a compacted story with a beginning and an ending. Whereas Batman is allowed to have a sequel because there are several stories to tell, Watchmen has one single story and it's told in all its brilliance. And the movie perfectly captures it all. BTW, just the thought of a sequel to \\"Watchmen\\" makes me shudder in disgust.<br /><br />I had heard that some content would be cut from the film, but what was cut was small and didn't make a major difference to the quality of the film. And the ending that Snyder and co. did change made the film better IMHO. One of my favorite aspects ofthe film is that it shows in many ways how screwed up in the head that masked heroes would have to be to do what they do. One of the best scenes is a small scene where Dan/Nite Owl II and Laurie/Silk Spectre II are talking at dinner about an old foe of theirs who dressed up and did crime just so he could be beaten for sexual gratification. When asking what happened to the foe, Dan tells Laurie that he tried it with tough guy Rorschach and the vigilante dropped him down an elevator shaft. After hearing the news, Laurie abrupts in hysterical laughter to which Dan shortly follows suit (in the book, they laugh a lot harder); and I think that the fact that they find it funny proves how twisted they are. A well-played and well-written scene among many.<br /><br />I won't lie that there is extreme violence in the film and it's not for<br />the faint of heart, but the overall story is magnificent, nonetheless.<br />The use of music was brilliant and the fact that Snyder used classic<br />songs (Bob Dylan's \\"The Times They Are-A Changing,\\" Nat King Cole's<br />\\"Unforgettable,\\" Simon and Garfunkel's \\"Sounds of Silence,\\" Leonard<br />Cohen's \\"Hallelujah,\\" just to name a few) was compellingly appropriate<br />seeing how they accompany a comic adaptation that many consider the<br />classic of all comic stories. Not since the use of Jimi Hendrix's \\"Hey<br />Joe\\" in \\"Forrest Gump\\" have songs been so perfectly matched to a scene!<br /><br />I commend Snyder and company for their adaptation to a graphic novel that<br />everyone said was unfilmable. I thought the movie was superb! I just<br />can't say enough good things about it. I could go on more about this<br />film but then I'd have to get into talking about specific scenes that<br />might spoil the movie and its plot, so I'll digress. If you're a fan of<br />ANY superhero/costumed hero comic book movie or comic books in general,<br />just see the movie. Of course, it's always better to read the book. And<br />most diehard fans are going to notice the differences but I know that<br />what works in a book (as well as its length) might not always work in a<br />movie. If Snyder didn't put enough in, people would complain about<br />that. But if he puts too much in, people (critics) complain about that.<br />I thought he put in the perfect amount, which was nearly everything.<br />This will definitely be one of the best, most epic comic book movies<br />ever ... if not the greatest. See. This. Movie!lence in the film and it's not for  the faint of heart, but the overall story is magnificent, nonetheless.  The use of music was brilliant and the fact that Snyder used classic  songs (Bob Dylan's \\"The Times They Are-A Changing,\\" Nat King Cole's  \\"Unforgettable,\\" Simon and Garfunkel's \\"Sounds of Silence,\\" Leonard  Cohen's \\"Hallelujah,\\" just to name a few) was compellingly appropriate  seeing how they accompany a comic adaptation that many consider the  classic of all comic stories. Not since the use of Jimi Hendrix's \\"Hey  Joe\\" in \\"Forrest Gump\\" have songs been so perfectly matched to a scene!    I commend Snyder and company for their adaptation to a graphic novel that  everyone said was unfilmable. I thought the movie was superb! I just  can't say enough good things about it. I could go on more about this  film but then I'd have to get into talking about specific scenes that  might spoil the movie and its plot, so I'll digress. If you're a fan of  ANY superhero/costumed hero comic book movie or comic books in general,  just see the movie. Of course, it's always better to read the book. And  most diehard fans are going to notice the differences but I know that  what works in a book (as well as its length) might not always work in a  movie. If Snyder didn't put enough in, people would complain about  that. But if he puts too much in, people (critics) complain about that.  I thought he put in the perfect amount, which was nearly everything.  This will definitely be one of the best, most epic comic book movies  ever ... if not the greatest. See. This. Movie!
B0007TKNCY|1.0|Katharine Hepburn is extremely annoying in this movie. The plot seems to come from nowhere. Overall bad movie... it gets better toward the end though... still a VERY stupid movie.
B001GCUO16|4.0|Just as good as [[ASIN:B00005JPS8 Iron Man (Two-Disc Special Collectors' Edition)]], with all the action and origins that I expected, and wished had been, in the first X-Men movie. Although I DON'T like what they did with Deadpool. Talk about a drastic change from the comic! Still, a good comic book film. This was what I thought the first [[ASIN:B000078UJV X-Men 1.5]] movie should have been. I thought Bryan Singer's film was much too overrated and found it often boring at times; at least if paid off by the public receiving the awesome [[ASIN:B000AYELVU X2 - X-Men United (Widescreen Edition)]]. And I hope they go through with the rumored Deadpool prequel/sequel movie they have planned; Ryan Reynolds is awesome!<br /><br />As much as I'm not too crazy over Marvel characters (with the exception of Daredevil and the Punisher), I do find Wolverine as one of the most intriguing characters in the Marvel universe, even though he is a bit overexposed. He is interesting the same sense as Superman in that he hardly ages and can not be killed by conventional methods. How would that affect someone? While the topic for both Superman and Wolverine can be dark, it is Supes that takes it lighter than Wolverine. Supes sees death and destruction (very rarily, but sometimes, by his hand and because of him), and while every living being's death does bother him, he has the inner strength to let go of things past and look to the \\"big picture.\\" Wolverine, however, sees nothing but death and destruction (often by his own hand or because of him), and it plagues him to no end, even though he pretends to not care. Supes has the convenience of understanding that his alien biology causes his remarkable powers -- it's who he is, it's how he was born. On the other hand, Logan's power (his bone claws and regenerative healing) while being from his mutant-born gene, are outweighed by his violated feelings about the adamantium fused to his skeleton as well as the memory tampering by the Weapon X program (that's where the movie differs from the comic: Logan did not volunteer for the adamantium Weapon X operation).<br /><br />They've already announced a sequel for this film, and are having some of the story take place in Japan, no doubt showcasing either Logan's 1937 run-in with Ogun, in 1945 where he finds love with a girl in Hiroshima, or post-WWII where he conceives a child with Itsu. Even though all take place before the Weapon X program, it still would be great material to see on screen.<br /><br />Look for appearances by Agent Zero, Deadpool, John Wraith, Blob, a young Cyclops, Silver Fox, Emma Frost, Gambit, and Sabretooth. Overall a good job from Marvel Studios!'s where the movie differs from the comic: Logan did not volunteer for the adamantium Weapon X operation).      They've already announced a sequel for this film, and are having some of the story take place in Japan, no doubt showcasing either Logan's 1937 run-in with Ogun, in 1945 where he finds love with a girl in Hiroshima, or post-WWII where he conceives a child with Itsu. Even though all take place before the Weapon X program, it still would be great material to see on screen.    Look for appearances by Agent Zero, Deadpool, John Wraith, Blob, a young Cyclops, Silver Fox, Emma Frost, Gambit, and Sabretooth. Overall a good job from Marvel Studios!
B0000844I8|5.0|This stargate movie is a great addition to my stargate SG-1 and Atlantis series. Stargate Rocks.
B00000264Y|5.0|Cd was in perfect shape and brought back Billie Joel's legendary sound and memories .
B001KEGRC0|5.0|River at Risk narrated by Robert Redford is a \\"heads up\\" warning about a subject matter almost all of us take for granted...WATER.  This is a very informative and beautiful adventure that anyone living near or interested in the Grand Canyon should see.
1416585710|4.0|I enjoyed this. I think it could have been shorter. It has a tendency to bog down and spin its wheels. But I loved Lisey, and Scott, her dead husband and an award-winning novelist, was a fascinating character.<br /><br />This is a haunting story, but it isn't about a ghost so much as it is about a woman who is haunted, overshadowed, by her deceased husband, by secrets he kept, and by secrets she kept even from herself. It's also a story of a long marriage -- a marriage made up of deep love, friendship and unshakable staying-power.
B000ZN802W|1.0|I'm not sure what I'm supposed to get that hasn't been put forward more eloquently, clearly, and deeply in so many other works.  This film was actually a little hard for me to watch.  Alex's relationship with his parents, seemingly the catalyst of his transformation, was hamfisted and forced; I just didn't understand it.  Hirsch's performance, while obviously earnest and eager, comes across only as that and not much else.  He looks like a kid trying too hard to imitate a new age hippie hobo.  His jittery/spastic behavior and wide eyed proclamations reveal none of the depth and soulfullness that was seemingly intended.  I'm supposed to think that Alex is an old soul, and I don't see that.  I'm really starting to think we've lowered the bar on what we deem deserving of high praise.  We're becoming a bunch of superlative adjective spitting automatons, heaping praise on everything and anything that has Oscar buzz, and especially if there is some tragic element involved.  Movies about or staring a youth taken from us too early can also be bad movies.
B0018YIFEK|5.0|The central story concerns Kate, a teenage girl who is fighting leukemia, and Anna, her younger sister who was conceived to be her allogeneic donor - a perfect sibling match. Over the years, Anna helps keep Kate alive: donating lymphocytes and bone marrow, and when the story opens, Anna is being urged, by her mother, to donate one of her kidneys to Kate. Instead, Anna files a petition for medical emancipation from her parents.<br /><br />This novel took my breath away on multiple levels: its depth of characterization, its portrayal of a family under terrible stress from the point of view of each of its members, and its beautiful prose which masterfully illuminates what the characters feel. This is a gut-wrenching, heart-wrenching novel which gives its readers a veritable buffet for thought long after the last page is turned, whose characters will be burned into my memory for years to come. My Sister's Keeper was my first Jodi Picoult novel; it certainly will not be my last.
B001MYIXAC|4.0|I first saw this film at the movies and loved it. It's unique, beautifully shot and tells the vampire tale in a really unique way. I thought it was really well done. You really get swept away in the world it creates. I enjoyed it so much I bought the dvd. :) Definitely recommended if you love vampire tales. It's dark, yet sweetly innocent and ever so beautiful.
0060557818|5.0|Richard Mayhew is one of the most appealing \\"nice guy protagonists\\" I've ever run across. He's kind-hearted, unassuming, and altruistic. And it's his altruism that catapults him into another world: London Below.<br /><br />If you become a denizen of London Below, you're all-but-invisible in London, which is known by those who dwell Below as London Above. But Richard knows nothing of London Below when he and his fussy, relentlessly self-absorbed fianc&eacute;e, Jessica, are on their way to meet Jessica's boss for dinner and run across an injured young girl in the street. Richard tells Jessica to go on, that he must help the young girl because she's bleeding. Jessica hardly seems to see the young girl and warns Richard, quite nastily, that if he skips dinner to help the girl, their engagement is off.<br /><br />Arrrgh. No wonder I was glad for Richard to fall through the cracks. It got him away from that awful woman. Alas, I'm getting ahead of myself.<br /><br />The young girl is from a family of Openers in London Below. Her name, fittingly *wink*, is Door, and she can open all kinds of doors, portals, and passageways. Her family has been killed, and she, the survivor, is on the run from a vile duo of men -- at least they're shaped like men -- whose names are Croup and Vandemar.<br /><br />Door doesn't tell Richard about London Below, but after he helps her with her injuries and assists her with contacting other people in London Below to get her safely away, he discovers that because he's had extended contact with residents of London Below, people in his world, London Above, can no longer see him. He can't hail a cab to get to work and once he gets there, extremely late, nobody can see him. Jessica no longer knows him. To make matters worse, strangers move into his apartment on top of him as though he weren't even there.<br /><br />To get to the bottom of his predicament, Richard sets out to find Door, and as fun as things have been up to this point, the real fun starts here. Soon he, Door, Hunter (Door's bodyguard -- a powerful woman who lives to hunt prey), and the self-styled Marquis de Carabas (who owes Door a favor) are journeying together in search of a Key to bring to a wingless Angel, Islington, who holds the key, in the figurative sense, to the mystery of who killed Door's family and also to Richard's way back home to London Above. If they bring Islington the physical Key, he'll give them, in return, their keys to what they want.<br /><br />But there's a catch. A big catch. In Neverwhere, nothing is what it seems.<br /><br />The story is laden with mythical overtones, cultural references and social commentary. Richard and his friends in London Below call to mind Dorothy and her companions in The Wizard of Oz. There are allusions to John Milton's Paradise Lost. And London Below strikes me as an allegory for the plight of homeless people, the dispossessed, those who have fallen through the cracks or through the Gap, if you will (\\"Mind the Gap\\" means something very different to those who populate London Below than it does to those who live in London Above); people who are all-too-often tragically \\"invisible\\" to those who live \\"normal\\" lives.<br /><br />And I love the way in which this book suggests that \\"normal\\" life, as it's lived by people who adhere to some sort of Lemming-See, Lemming-Do Life Script, may just be tremendously overrated, at least with regard to society's presumption of its desirability for everyone.<br /><br />One of my favorite chapters in Neverwhere is where Richard is put to the test to get the Key from the Black Friars, who are its keeper. During his trial, Richard is led to believe that the entire time he's been in London Below, he's actually been wandering about in London, hopelessly insane and disconnected from reality. I shivered all the way through.<br /><br />I don't want to give anything away, but I loved the ending to this book. I tore through the last few pages, the last few paragraphs, thelast few sentences, to find... hmmm, well. Again, I don't want to have any spoilers here. But the ending was perfect, masterful.<br /><br />Neil Gaiman is an amazing writer with a formidable imagination, and I will run, not walk, to read more of his books.re. But the ending was perfect, masterful.    Neil Gaiman is an amazing writer with a formidable imagination, and I will run, not walk, to read more of his books.
B001UDYI9K|4.0|Although less known, Eric Woolfson is every bit the songwriter that contemporaries Peter Gabriel, Leonard Cohen, and Kate Bush are and continue to be. But for the music lover who appreciates songcraft and thoughtful lyrics, Woolfson should be a household name. This \\"solo\\" release compiles several new songs along with a number of studio-polished versions of songs previously heard from his German and English musicals as well as a couple of unheard and now completed songs from The Project era. From the soaring heroism of \\"The Golden Key\\" from his musical GAMBLER to the darkly ambient \\"I Can See Round Corners\\" to the lament of Edgar Allan Poe at the death of his young wife Virginia Clemm in \\"Somewhere In The Audience\\" to the triumphant anthem of \\"Immortal\\" where the ghost of Edgar Allen Poe reaches his audience from the hereafter, there is no shortage of stellar songwriting here. Songs like \\"Nothing Can Change My Mind\\" which will supplement his musical GAUDI and \\"Along The Road Together\\" which Woolfson wrote on behalf of a Paul Newman sponsored charitable organization in Germany giving terminally ill children a chance to go to camp are the sorts of songs you'd never hear on the radio but make the album-oriented experience complete with their mild-mannered subtlety and their intimate singer-listener sensibilities. The only song I found myself wavering on the fence about was \\"Train To Wuxi\\" which is an early version of \\"Train To Freedom\\" from the musical POE as it is somewhat uncharacteristic from the other songs here. And while Woolfson's songwriting is rock-solid, not every song is best suited to the gentleness of his voice. If you have never heard what was supposed to be the eleventh Project [[ASIN:B000009EQE Freudiana (1989 Studio Cast)]] or Woolfson's finest musical [[ASIN:B0000C42XQ Poe: More Tales of Mystery & Imagination]], I would recommend listening to those first because of the variety of vocal arrangements to which many fans of The Project have likely become accustomed (not to mention the vast financial resources invested in comparison). That said, if you loved The Project for the care and thoughtfulness that went into each song, then this album is the perfect complement to all the other unearthed gems, i.e. bonus material, that have seen the light of day thanks to the SONY/BMG remasters of the classic Project catalog.ccustomed (not to mention the vast financial resources invested in comparison). That said, if you loved The Project for the care and thoughtfulness that went into each song, then this album is the perfect complement to all the other unearthed gems, i.e. bonus material, that have seen the light of day thanks to the SONY/BMG remasters of the classic Project catalog.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|Knowing how accurate this series is, I'm very happy to have watched it.  It gave me a lot of insight into the experience of the Marines during the invasion of Iraq.  As an American sick of biased media, I'm thankful to everyone involved for being so dedicated to honestly portraying the experience, and for not sugar-coating it or making it seem any worse or better than it actually was.
B000FA5TTW|5.0|I very much enjoyed this book. It was a o  page-turner!   Something I would read again!
0316776963|2.0|I bought this book because of the many rave reviews even on the book cover itself. I was greatly disappointed. It is funny in places but mostly sad. It is the story of a mostly dysfunctional person and his family: his overbearing father, cigarette smoking and alcoholic mother, and talented but uninterested siblings. Some parts are just pathetic as when Sedaris uses drugs.  My suggestion is to read a library copy first and then buy his books if you find them worth the money.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Honestly, this is a pretty hard and confusing review for me to write, because although \\"Death Magnetic\\" shows Metallica going back to their classic, thrash-metal sound, it's definitely not perfect. And what makes it an even harder album to review is how the album overall can feel pretty uneven. Read on to find out what I mean.    POSITIVES:  Some of the songs on here are really good. The opener, a progressive, adrenaline-building headbanger \\"That Was Just Your Life\\" opens the album with a bang. Plenty of heavy riffs and fast drums, with a very catchy vocal line given by James. A nice guitar solo is also thrown in to round it off.  \\"All Nightmare Long\\" is an eight-minute epic with some of the catchiest guitar riffs on the album and a great, shout-a-long chorus. The verses build up to the pre-choruses and the whole song is very well written.  \\"The Judas Kiss\\" features some great, opening riffs and two blazing solos by Kirk Hammett, reminding you that he's still one of the finest guitarists in metal.  \\"My Apocalypse\\" is a five-minute album closer, with incredible tempos that border on Slayer territory, just more melodic than Slayer. More catchy, speed-metal vocal lines by James drive this song even further and make it a great album closer.    MIXED BETWEEN POSITIVES AND NEGATIVES:  While there are a few songs on the album that are great almost all the way through, even those songs have some lower points. However, the difference between a song like \\"All Nightmare Long\\" and songs such as \\"The End of the Line\\" or \\"Cyanide\\" is that \\"The End of the Line\\" is more of a lower-point than a higher point.    Which brings me to why it's so hard to write this review. All of the songs feature multiple riffs. In fact, there's probably over 100 riffs on this album if you counted them out. The problem is a lot of these riffs sound bland, reused and uninspired. And because the songs are all so long, the shortest being five minutes and the longest being almost ten, the songs can feel like they're being dragged on.    Also, because there are so many riifs on this album, combined with sometimes-good but often-uninspired songwriting, the album sometimes feels like just a collection of riffs, choruses and the occasional guitar solo. While I think \\"That Was Just Your Life\\", \\"My Apocalypse\\" and \\"All Nightmare Long\\" are destined to become Metallica classics, most of the other songs are only good for a short duration, before retracting into overused riffs.    In addition, even though the songs are all pretty long and feature lots of riffs, the songs don't feel as epic as earlier Metallica masterpieces such as \\"Master of Puppets\\", \\"One\\", \\"Orion\\", or \\"Ride The Lightning\\". I guess Metallica was more inspired when they were writing those songs.    I know I mentioned a lot of the negative aspects of this album, but honestly, the songs I mentioned as positives are all really good. Get this only for about half the songs, or rather, for all the songs but for half of the song within the songs. And make sure you don't get it from Napster! Thanks for the time, and peace.
B0010X745K|5.0|Great Seller great buy
B0000017CA|5.0|Pure goodness. Dax's voice blows me away.  Pagan terrorism tactics is better...but this cd still rocks.
B0017VG69U|5.0|If you don't mind new SFX on principal, this set is wonderful. Despite the fact that this is a regular DVD, the image and integration with the new SFX is something really nice to behold. And I actually zoom in on the 4x3 frame on my 42\\" hdtv and enjoy it big screen. Just use a better upconverting player and you're set.  Blu-Ray would, of course, be the best, but believe me, the plain old DVDs look better than TOS ever looked on analog broadcast or cable.     And upon seeing these episodes again, one may just realize that they have forgotten how great the Original Series was.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|After only watching one episode of this show on the website Hulu, I was ready to buy the set and immerse myself in this incredible 'Verse.    The idea is more realistic than most sci-fi shows.  Yes, they have a ship capable of space travel.  But it doesn't look shiny and it isn't perfect.  The universe has loads of problems (and no aliens, which is a unique decision for the genre), many of which we see in our everyday lives.  It's truly a relatable sci-fi show.    The crew of Serenity seems like the kind of people you could meet in the real world.  They have their own sets of problems, their own very unique personalities, and are never stereotypes or copies of characters we've seen millions of times.  The acting is fantastic, complimenting each amazing character that comes our way.    To all of you who have not yet experienced Firefly, I ask you to give it a chance.  Don't like sci-fi?  That's fine, it's not your typical science fiction.  Don't like westerns?  That's fine too - neither do I!  Firefly is a show for anybody and everybody.  Take a peek and you might be surprised.  I certainly was.
B001P9KR8U|4.0|I love foreign films. I feel this way because storytelling comes first. If explosions, skin or violence is required to accurately tell their stories, so be it. But the story is everything in films made outside the USA. When I think of great `story' based films, `The Usual Suspects' (USA), `Run Lola Run' (Germany), and `Roshomon' (Japan) come to mind. There is only one element to these films that is similar. They all involve a recounting or revisiting of events that lead up to the finale. `Slumdog Millionaire' belongs in this category as well.<br /><br />This film has the courage to go almost two-hours. The `standard' for movies these days is 90 minutes. That's mainly because studios listen more to focus groups than directors. The same standard applied in the sixties with record releases. The cardinal rule: never go over three minutes in length. This `wisdom' was obliterated when FM radio and `album oriented rock' ushered in an era of unprecedented creativity. In 'Slumdog Millionaire', Writer, Simon Beaufoy, Editor, Chris Dickens, and Directors, Danny Boyle & Loveleen Tandan complimented each other in a magnificent display of ensemble work behind the scenes. The precious extra minutes were used unselfishly and gave the story room to breath, and ultimately triumph<br /><br />Another aspect of risk (beautifully handled here) was in seaming together multiple time periods. Many potentially excellent films are ruined as the story gets lost in the time tunnels, and confusion ensues. In `Slumdog Millionaire', we have three characters, interpreted by nine actors. Six of them being children. Each part was brilliantly acted, and the continuity was allowed to develop clearly and naturally. Again, Directors, Danny Boyle & Loveleen Tandan were the reason it worked. They say you get what you give, and they must have been quite generous with the young cast.<br /><br />I would be negligent not to mention a marvelous supporting cast. Not to be outshone, the people and settings throughout were spectacular. Cinematographer, Anthony Dod Mantle, made the most of capturing an amazing country. The film was shot entirely in India. A few months before viewing `Slumdog Millionaire' I was extremely fortunate to have seen the amazing documentary `Story of India' on public television. I am certain that it enhanced this film for me.<br /><br />`Slumdog Millionaire' is funny, adventurous, cruel, dramatic and clever. Boyle and wove all of these elements into pure delight. A.R. Rahman's score set the tone for lively, dramatic and humorous sequences. At the end of the film, I felt a sigh of relief; having already known everyone mentioned in this piece was recognized for their excellence. I don't know why, but when I have experienced outstanding film making, I want everyone else to have the same chance as well. If this piece was truly headed straight to DVD, one wonders if it would have been seen at all.<br /><br />Much speculation has occurred in Hollywood over the connection, particularly financial, with Bollywood. But here is yet another example of something originating from outside of Hollywood that is literally defines `world class' film making. I hope the global boundaries that are falling `flat' in the business world take root in movies as well. Here's hoping that we can do away with the preface and just call them `films'.inematographer, Anthony Dod Mantle, made the most of capturing an amazing country. The film was shot entirely in India. A few months before viewing `Slumdog Millionaire' I was extremely fortunate to have seen the amazing documentary `Story of India' on public television. I am certain that it enhanced this film for me.    `Slumdog Millionaire' is funny, adventurous, cruel, dramatic and clever. Boyle and wove all of these elements into pure delight. A.R. Rahman's score set the tone for lively, dramatic and humorous sequences. At the end of the film, I felt a sigh of relief; having already known everyone mentioned in this piece was recognized for their excellence. I don't know why, but when I have experienced outstanding film making, I want everyone else to have the same chance as well. If this piece was truly headed straight to DVD, one wonders if it would have been seen at all.    Much speculation has occurred in Hollywood over the connection, particularly financial, with Bollywood. But here is yet another example of something originating from outside of Hollywood that is literally defines `world class' film making. I hope the global boundaries that are falling `flat' in the business world take root in movies as well. Here's hoping that we can do away with the preface and just call them `films'.
B0028SVXR6|3.0|Pulpotechure Aburridotron<br /><br />Intro:  the fetal mirage lifts.<br /><br />As ORML put it during his appearance on the IFC Henry Rollins Show interview, \\"And if you don't like WE HAVE YOUR MONEY anyways [followed by hyena-like cynical laughter].\\"<br /><br />Or as a German puts it:  \\"Do not turn your muse into a w hore.\\"<br /><br />----  ----  ----  ----<br /><br />Foreward.<br /><br />It has been four years since Frances the Mute, and TMV is now an aesthetic-duumvirate of Omar Rodriguez Lopez and Cedric Bixler Zavala exclusively, with all material then 'performed by The Mars Volta Group'.  Octahedron recalls the Pythagorean revered geometric figure and the Julio Cortazar short story volume of 1974, Octahedro (in Spanish). Generally, the songs demonstrate the strongest elements of Omar's guitar playing in late ATDI, with the weakest of the Amputechure strain and the least tasteful segments of Frances the Mute played in The Bedlam in Goliath style and mix. Texturally, there is liberal 'quotations' from a number of artists which will be immediately recognizable, some which I'll summarize in one sentence here:<br /><br />'A [centaur-]donkey eating waffles (OMRL)' dancing in clogs while listening to Amputechure, 'Invalid Litter Dept.\\", 'Quarantined', 'Non-Zeroed Possibility, and Bjork's Vespertine lp AT THE SAME TIME, with 'Careful with that Axe Eugene' looped for ambiance; Miranda and Televators presiding over the affair.<br /><br />---  ---  ---<br /><br />*Disclaimer.<br /><br />Fanboys, die-hards, old soldiers and impatient are asked to read the last section of the review, and to then decide if the aim of the review will be helpful towards the end of making a purchase or not.  This is a full critique of the group and music, and includes a track synopses and album overview, in addition to clarifying its relation to its predecessors.  Interview material directly related to the album has been included, quoted at length, for emphasis.<br /><br />\\"That we have any fans at all is because we've stayed true to ourselves.\\"<br /><br />To the Muse, you guys, the muse. Frances the Mute sold half a million copies, Bedlam in Goliath sold 150,000.  At this rate, the muse has deserted them so quickly that they are not going to have enough record purchasing fans to fill a single stadium;  or perhaps the nay-sayers really are the racist cliches and worthy objects of condescending hipster snobbery for ORML's ire.  Maybe you have to be an ex-H user to get it.  Who knows.  This review is for everyone else, who puts the music first and the personality after or anywhere that makes sure it doesn't get in the way of the music.<br /><br />----  ----  ----  ----<br /><br />Octahedron Overview.<br /><br />This latest edition of'The Mars Volta'-as (_____), as performed by 'The Mars Volta Group' is their safest offering to date. The Mars Volta 'as' (insert whatever genre caprice that staves their boredom off and gives pretext for new tours while occupying the obsessional void heroin has left in them) is what is offered to the bar of taste, and they avoid affirmative judgment on the quality of their work IN ANY SENSE as chameleons do jungle raptors:  constantly 'changing' skins, the animal remains unchanged, unseen, uneaten.  This group's chameleon-like aesthetic multiple personality disorder, or perhaps just plain, tasteless eclectic dullness is presented in Octahedron to the full;  it just might be the definitive statement of the group's essence as some say.<br /><br />This group would like to be remembered as a \\"punk rock grateful dead\\".  With albums like this, they too will have an ice cream flavor.<br /><br />---  ---  ---<br /><br />The Album. Interviews.<br /><br />The TMV 'take'/angle on the acoustic-pop lp:<br /><br />This album picks up where 'The Widow' left off-- at a 'mistake' in B-Zavala's own words regarding the same song, \\"Could you possibly pick a less obvious song to listen too?\\" -The results are mixed and will be covered below in thetrack synopses. In the composer-producer's own words, this is the mere antithesis of Bedlam, the interview from which the following quotes are taken is particularly instructive:<br /><br />[...] I thought of it more like, what would be the opposite of Bedlam?<br /><br />[...]when we were touring for Bedlam, I REALIZED THAT OUR SHOW, as fun as it was and as intense as it was and as energetic as it was, it LACKED ANY REAL KIND OF DYNAMIC. You come and see us and it's THREE HOURS OF GETTING PUNCHED IN THE FACE. So I started throwing an acoustic set in the middle of our show. We had three acoustic songs from the old records, like \\"Televators\\" and \\"Miranda That Ghost Just Isn't Holy Anymore\\" and \\"Asilos Magdalena,\\" just to break it up. And now with this record, our live show won't suffer as much, because it'll have a little of everything and be more dynamic.<br /><br />Q: Some people really responded well to the relentless, Santana-meets-'70s-Miles feel of the older shows, though.<br /><br />\\"Definitely, but that can't go on forever. I'M STARTING TO GET BORED OF THAT NOW TOO. It's just - my thing has constantly been following my instinct, changing and growing.\\"<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />-All Caps are the reviewer's own.  In brief: if you didn't care for 'Bedlam' you'll like this even less--<br /><br />---  ---  ---<br /><br />Track Synopsis:<br /><br />(OctahedronFrances The Mute >Deloused. Tremulant<br /><br />*= standout tracks<br /><br />1.* Since We've Been Wrong.<br />2.* Teflon.<br />3. Halo of Nembutals.<br />4. With Twilight As My Guide.<br />5.* Cotopaxi.<br />6.* Desperate Graves<br />7. Copernicus.<br />8. Luciforms.<br /><br />'Since We've Been Wrong'<br />A pleasant straightforward number with Thomas Prigin's annoyingly tuned snare drum high enough in the mix to be distracting (this is true of all the songs, where drum machines are not used). A tediously long intro noise spoils the mood rather than setting it.  Cedric's vocals demonstrate a good command of autotune technologies. Something between Miranda That... and The Widow. Nothing new.<br /><br />'Teflon'<br />What coats your non-stick pans and used in anti-ballistics, in this case a pop song with a good groove a la Prigin and a great chorus a la B-Zavala.  Some vague political undertones some allege to be musing on what a successful McCain-Palin 08 campaign might have produced; somewhat irrelevant given Sonny Kay (GSL co-founder, and graphic design draftsman and collaborator of ORML's/TMV) statement on the current'Commander in Chief' as being nothing but \\"Bush in Blackface.\\" [Link listed in El Grupo Nuevo de ORML's myspace blog]  The layout for ORML's (and once planned TMV follow up to Amputechure) \\"Old Money\\" takes its name from Kay's title for the artwork --with songs such as \\"I liked Rockefeller's first two albums\\" we may safely assume similar political prejudices, however - Mr. Rodriguez has also stated that \\"Old money is White money\\" -and with such crassly leftist, *racist* and imbecilic comments, the opposite might be true of his and B-Zavala's feelings for the 'Hope' candidate.  'Speculation'  here on the lyric intent and political content is probably the most promising, in keeping with the TMV 'tradition' -if there's anything left of it in practice.<br /><br />'Halo of Nembutals'<br />Surely a Jeremy Ward tune, Numbutal being a barbituate used in suicides and lethal injection executions. Soporific and nearly vulgar in the same way 'Conjugal Burns' was. Lyrics not especially compelling, easily the most boring of the bunch-- this one has a 'Ciervo Vulnerado' element cleansed of the middle-eastern touch and put into a 'Tourniquet Man' mould.  Painful morass of 'bottomless palindromes' and a 'tedium of teratogens'. Again, the lyrics are abysmal.  Oddly, of all the tracks on this lp, this one probably comes off the best live.<br /><br />'With Twilight As My Guide'<br />Hackneyed 'Echoes' ambiance. Audio named dropping vs. quotation, this is an instance of theformer. 'The Widow' as \\"Obscured by Clouds\\" (Pink Floyd) with irritating nasal-lullaby melody: soporific where the PF was not, the difference between being 'influenced' and *under* and subordinated to that influence are made clear here. \\"Too faithful a memory has often obstructed original thought.\\" says one thinker, an observation all the more ironic applied to this group (or this *duo* should I say?)  when the title of the recent bombastic release of 'Cryptomnesia' is taken into account (I refer to the word used itself, interesting content of the lp aside.)<br /><br />'Cotopaxi'<br />Rush flavoured piece that could have easily appeared on Amputechure, the most lively of the album.  Cedric's lyrics approach levels of cogency not matched by the many Spinal-Tap moments a TMV fan has no doubt become accustomed to since 'Day of the Baphomets' and The Bedlam In Goliath. Take 'Viscera Eyes', lather with 'A Plague Upon Your Hissing' and wash it down with some cicatriz staccato and there you have it, a bastard son. Listening to 'Old Money', and knowing it was at one point planned to be the follow-up release to Amputechure, one hardly believes the distention in the ears this kind repetition causes.<br /><br />'Desperate Graves'<br />Sarcophagi theme reintroduced and toyed around with here, similar in sound palette to the song preceding it. It's everything missing from Metatron with a One-armed Scissor touch. Another reviwer's characterization of it as \\"almost regal melodically, it could be featured at a progrock renaissance fair with minor alteration\\" is extremely accurate.<br /><br />'Copernicus'<br />The Vespertine tune, a gently lilting vocally focused piece -one that Rick Rubin might approve of heartily.  Cedric's voice sounds provocative-eunich-ally-- that is, appropriately emasculated given Mr. Zavala's decline in vocal power first evident in Amputechure and most acutely obvious in the Nissan Live Sets and the April 2009 perfomances in Mexico for 'El Timpano'; a nasal breathlessness that sounds as if the sinuses are the primary resonating chamber, rather than the diaphragm or even the throat. July 2009 performances evince this point -Cedric cannot hit the high notes and stays flat when forced into lower registers on these parts.<br /><br />'Luciforms'<br />Lightforms. Lucifer. ect. Blatant 'Careful with that Axe Eugene' sound and bass line used, rather, 'borrowed'. Compositional name-dropping(s)' describes this and all too much of TMV's recent output.  The lyrics demonstrate the descent into jabbering solecisms, un-clever and superficial catechrisms and neologisms which culminate a mosaic hodge-podge of outlandish, obtuse Spinal Tappical imagery that necessitates these unpleasant pleonastic exegeses.<br /><br />---  ---  ---<br /><br />You know what? -Those Germans had it right, \\"Don't turn your muse into a w hore.\\"  Lieber Fritz's brutal honesty, ftw:<br /><br />A: \\"We were trying in Germany but people would just be really rowdy and they would just be yelling in between or during the acoustic stuff. So we just kind of gave up on it. It's not easy, just because half of the time I'm gonna have to spend arguing with them to shut up. I don't wanna blow my voice yelling at everybody to shut up. And the funny thing was it was a German crowd yelling at Omar to play with more heart. For a German to tell a Puerto Rican that is kind of funny.<br /><br />Q: What did Omar respond?<br /><br />A: He didn't finish the song. He was just thoroughly insulted. You gotta understand that every time we go to Germany, the culture over there always finds it necessary to tell you how they feel or their opinions about a song. It's kind of funny that we would deal with that over there. There's always this preconceived notion of being obsessed with starving artists, and we always joke about it. You know, \\"LAST TIME YOU CAME HERE YOU WERE  SICK, YOUR LUNGS WEREN'T WORKING, IT WAS SO GOOD, THERE WAS NO PA. THIS TIME THE PA WORKS, YOU HAVE CLOTHES ON, YOU\\"REHEALTHY, ITS NOT SO GOOD.\\" Typical German view.\\"<br /><br />Touch&eacute; , Senor Bixler-Zavala.  -Ironically, something this fan of CAN's fails to take into account in his appraisal of a culture that birthed Richard Wagner a century and a half prior, a Richard Strauss slightly thereafter, an Arnold Schoenberg half a century or so later (and John Cage thereby, and X number of free jazz artists you and your 'partner' are *influenced* by), and a Bavarian director I leave unnamed .  .  .  that he is: 1.) a high school dropout.  Not a bad thing considering the state of things in this land, nothing  good either  2.) as cliche American as can be despite his 'minority status' and racialist profiling opinions  3.)  and as a  former acid user and Heroin addict, he's hardly entitled to any of this, least of all due to point number two, and even less for being BLUE EYED WITH GERMAN ANCESTRY.<br /><br />En garde, bildungsphilister, el oscuro me mantiene, y tambien la fuerza de historia.<br /><br />[Source: [...] ]<br /><br />----  ----  ----  ----<br /><br />Summary:  If Sodom Won't Eat, I've Declined a Melon, Where is Your Zoot Suit Small Fry?<br /><br />Pleasing boredom, appeasing but appalling banality describes this and the album before it.  Worth a listen, but wait for it to descend to bargain bin prices -because that's where it's headed, and it will stay there.  More than 10 dollars no one should pay for this: it's no more than an EP and certainly no better.<br /><br />Vote with your wallet. If either the third or fourth TMV/-group albums has made you an apostate fan, but still interested observer holding out for something New that surpasses or at least passes the bars which Deloused and Frances set, this LP will be the nail in the coffin, if Bedlam in Goliath was not already.  This *group* is big enough where they neither need your support, -nor deserve it.<br /><br />----  ----  ----  ----<br /><br />Epilogue.<br /><br />The Mars Volta do a lot of talking about creative development and naturalistic aesthetic continuity trumping 'over intellectualizing' and philistine puritanism in arts and letters in general.  This album, and its immediate predecessor demonstrate that these things might have rang true of themselves and their own endeavors at one point of their personal and musical 'development'; it is clear now, however, that this is no longer the case.<br /><br />There is no 'Mars Volta' as understood by the well defined and exactingly executed visions in Deloused and Frances, and even Amputechure, as their synthesis --just a house of cards, constantly shuffled.  The Mars Volta are any number of things and therefore we are required to throw our hands up aghast with frustration and defer judgment until we see 'what they do next'. Well, by now observers of this strange creature have learned how to count these cards and know in what order they can be expected to appear: the myriad transmutation of a Cicatriz to an L'via, and L'via to a Visceral Eye, and a Visceral Eye to an Ilyena to a Plague Upon Your Hissing and so forth are no longer intriguing mysteries, but simple algorithms.<br /><br />\\"If you love Jon so much, why don't you go to CA and [fellate him]?\\" Said B-Zavala to a tactless fan at one concert holding a banner indicating his sentiments towards said drummer.  Good, excellent question.  How does one miss something whose presence remains? -When their spirit is elsewhere, or changed beyond all recognition.  The creative in The Mars Volta mothered three LP's which outstrip so much of what is present in contemporary music, they've only erected an impasse with The Bedlam in Goliath and Octahedron -one that will require Herculean efforts to overcome.  This album's anemia does not bode well for this kind of undertaking. The sycophantic 'can do no wrong' and complaisantly permissive 'if you like the group, you like *it*, and all the albums equally and the same' types laud lateral, historical progression -they are mistaken if theybelieve they are looking *up*.  From Deloused and Frances, after listening to them, Bedlam and Octahedron are bad 'come downs', to use a drug analogy ORML and CBZ will surely be familiar with.<br /><br />---  ---  ---<br /><br />\\"You know how it is, you do the same thing for too long, you just start to get bored with it. You go to the same coffee shop and have breakfast at the same place, and it's great for the first months or years or whatever. But at a certain point, you go to the next place around the corner.\\" -OMRL<br /><br />A coffee shop analogy is fitting for an aging hipster languishing in the egocentric morass of Spinal Tap proportioned self-indulgence in live concert and creative doldrums in the studio.<br /><br />----  ----  ----  ----<br /><br />Afterword.<br /><br />\\"And if you don't like it WE HAVE YOUR MONEY ANYWAYS.\\"<br /><br />--This sentence is taken from the mouth(s) which compared their musical and personal gamble to make it with Klaus Kinski's character, Fitzcaraldo from the movie bearing the same title in which a man of dreams drags a boat over a mountain to seek his fortune.<br /><br />\\"Money is stupid.\\"<br /><br />-This sentence comes from the mouth of the director of that film.<br /><br />Postscript:  Oh, and Omar: stupidity is characteristic failing of the entire/all species of man, not just *white people* or their 'old money'.  Tell Cedric to put his Handsome Boy Modeling School royalty income to some 'Save Africa' scheme, if this is not the case, or organize a concert to raise money for the dark/famine/aids riddled continent.<br /><br />----  ----  ----  ----<br /><br />Interviews<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />[...]that Axe Eugene' sound and bass line used, rather, 'borrowed'. Compositional name-dropping(s)' describes this and all too much of TMV's recent output.  The lyrics demonstrate the descent into jabbering solecisms, un-clever and superficial catechrisms and neologisms which culminate a mosaic hodge-podge of outlandish, obtuse Spinal Tappical imagery that necessitates these unpleasant pleonastic exegeses.    ---  ---  ---    You know what? -Those Germans had it right, \\"Don't turn your muse into a w hore.\\"  Lieber Fritz's brutal honesty, ftw:    A: \\"We were trying in Germany but people would just be really rowdy and they would just be yelling in between or during the acoustic stuff. So we just kind of gave up on it. It's not easy, just because half of the time I'm gonna have to spend arguing with them to shut up. I don't wanna blow my voice yelling at everybody to shut up. And the funny thing was it was a German crowd yelling at Omar to play with more heart. For a German to tell a Puerto Rican that is kind of funny.    Q: What did Omar respond?    A: He didn't finish the song. He was just thoroughly insulted. You gotta understand that every time we go to Germany, the culture over there always finds it necessary to tell you how they feel or their opinions about a song. It's kind of funny that we would deal with that over there. There's always this preconceived notion of being obsessed with starving artists, and we always joke about it. You know, \\"LAST TIME YOU CAME HERE YOU WERE  SICK, YOUR LUNGS WEREN'T WORKING, IT WAS SO GOOD, THERE WAS NO PA. THIS TIME THE PA WORKS, YOU HAVE CLOTHES ON, YOU\\"RE HEALTHY, ITS NOT SO GOOD.\\" Typical German view.\\"    Touch , Senor Bixler-Zavala.  -Ironically, something this fan of CAN's fails to take into account in his appraisal of a culture that birthed Richard Wagner a century and a half prior, a Richard Strauss slightly thereafter, an Arnold Schoenberg half a century or so later (and John Cage thereby, and X number of free jazz artistsyou and your 'partner' are *influenced* by), and a Bavarian director I leave unnamed .  .  .   that he is: 1.) a high school dropout.  Not a bad thing considering the state of things in this land, nothing  good either  2.) as cliche American as can be despite his 'minority status' and racialist profiling opinions   3.)  and as a  former acid user and Heroin addict, he's hardly entitled to any of this, least of all due to point number two, and even less for being BLUE EYED WITH GERMAN ANCESTRY.     En garde, bildungsphilister, el oscuro me mantiene, y tambien la fuerza de historia.    [Source: [...] ]    ----   ----   ----   ----       Summary:  If Sodom Won't Eat, I've Declined a Melon, Where is Your Zoot Suit Small Fry?    Pleasing boredom, appeasing but appalling banality describes this and the album before it.  Worth a listen, but wait for it to descend to bargain bin prices -because that's where it's headed, and it will stay there.  More than 10 dollars no one should pay for this: it's no more than an EP and certainly no better.      Vote with your wallet. If either the third or fourth TMV/-group albums has made you an apostate fan, but still interested observer holding out for something New that surpasses or at least passes the bars which Deloused and Frances set, this LP will be the nail in the coffin, if Bedlam in Goliath was not already.  This *group* is big enough where they neither need your support, -nor deserve it.    ----   ----   ----   ----    Epilogue.      The Mars Volta do a lot of talking about creative development and naturalistic aesthetic continuity trumping 'over intellectualizing' and philistine puritanism in arts and letters in general.  This album, and its immediate predecessor demonstrate that these things might have rang true of themselves and their own endeavors at one point of their personal and musical 'development'; it is clear now, however, that this is no longer the case.       There is no 'Mars Volta' as understood by the well defined and exactingly executed visions in Deloused and Frances, and even Amputechure, as their synthesis --just a house of cards, constantly shuffled.  The Mars Volta are any number of things and therefore we are required to throw our hands up aghast with frustration and defer judgment until we see 'what they do next'. Well, by now observers of this strange creature have learned how to count these cards and know in what order they can be expected to appear: the myriad transmutation of a Cicatriz to an L'via, and L'via to a Visceral Eye, and a Visceral Eye to an Ilyena to a Plague Upon Your Hissing and so forth are no longer intriguing mysteries, but simple algorithms.     \\"If you love Jon so much, why don't you go to CA and [fellate him]?\\" Said B-Zavala to a tactless fan at one concert holding a banner indicating his sentiments towards said drummer.  Good, excellent question.  How does one miss something whose presence remains? -When their spirit is elsewhere, or changed beyond all recognition.  The creative in The Mars Volta mothered three LP's which outstrip so much of what is present in contemporary music, they've only erected an impasse with The Bedlam in Goliath and Octahedron -one that will require Herculean efforts to overcome.  This album's anemia does not bode well for this kind of undertaking. The sycophantic 'can do no wrong' and complaisantly permissive 'if you like the group, you like *it*, and all the albums equally and the same' types laud lateral, historical progression -they are mistaken if they believe they are looking *up*.  From Deloused and Frances, after listening to them, Bedlam and Octahedron are bad 'come downs', to use a drug analogy ORML and CBZ will surely be familiar with.     ---  ---  ---    \\"You know how it is, you do the same thing for too long, you just start to get bored with it. You go to the same coffee shop and have breakfast at the same place, and it's great for the first months or years or whatever. But at a certain point, you go to the next place around the corner.\\" -OMRL    A coffee shop analogy is fitting for an aging hipster languishing in the egocentric morass of Spinal Tap proportioned self-indulgence in live concert and creative doldrums in the studio.      ----   ----   ----   ----    Afterword.      \\"And if you don't like it WE HAVE YOUR MONEY ANYWAYS.\\"    --This sentence is taken from the mouth(s) which compared their musical and personal gamble to make it with Klaus Kinski's character, Fitzcaraldo from the movie bearing the same title in which a man of dreams drags a boat over a mountain to seek his fortune.     \\"Money is stupid.\\"    -This sentence comes from the mouth of the director of that film.         Postscript:  Oh, and Omar: stupidity is characteristic failing of the entire/all species of man, not just *white people* or their 'old money'.  Tell Cedric to put his Handsome Boy Modeling School royalty income to some 'Save Africa' scheme, if this is not the case, or organize a concert to raise money for the dark/famine/aids riddled continent.     ----   ----   ----   ----    Interviews    [...]    [...]    [...]
B001TOD92C|4.0|Mickey Rourke is among my very favorite actors. I've seen everything he has done and his body of work is substantial. Several of his performances in the `old days' should have earned him Oscar nominations. To say he stood as high as any of his peers would be accurate. That said, I do not think that `The Wrestler' is his best work. It is amongst it though.<br /><br />The Wrestler is a work that shines in its ability to tell the tale of Randy `The Ram' Robinson in the gritty fashion that he lived it. The Ram is a survivor of a career that has seen him at the pinnacle and descent from the Professional Wrestling world. He has handled the pain and injuries along the way. He must now grapple with his emotions, a trickier foe in a far more brutal arena.<br /><br />Rourke portrays two characters here. The first is that of 'The Ram'. All in the VFW halls and locker rooms love him. It is the bottom of the wrestling world in terms of glamor. But the camaraderie is strong, as the wrestlers reminisce about the limelight, the glory days. Inside the ropes, they pummel each other. Outside, there is great pride and friendship. Darren Aronofsky has done a superb job in achieving this sense, along with the real wrestlers taking part in the film.<br /><br />The other character that Rourke brings to life is that of Robin (\\"call me Randy\\"). It is Robin who must tend to the wounds that his alter ego `The Ram' inflicts. It is Robin who is constantly reminded of the uncomfortable existence it takes to keep 'The Ram' alive. It is time then, for Robin to summon the courage it takes to change things for the better.<br /><br />Along the way he encounters Marisa Tomei as a kindred soul in need of change as well. Tomei creates 'Pam' a multi-faceted mirror for Robin to peer into. Her ability to blend humor, despair, intelligence and sultriness into the role of Pam is beautiful done. Hers is an integral part in 'The Wrestler'. She pulls it all off in fine fashion and form.<br /><br />Evan Rachel Wood plays a distant and damaged link to Robin's past. Her contribution to the film is significant, with a capital \\"S\\". As mentioned, the real life wrestlers assembled for the film are great. Each one has crafted a character for the ring that enables their considerable physical talents to enthrall the local crowds who in turn heap praise upon them. They need each other and Director Aronofsky faithfully depicts that.<br /><br />Having followed the buzz and accolades awarded the film, director and actors, I feel that they have truly earned it. Watching Mickey's `official' return to Hollywood, and the publicity it generated made me very happy. I waited to view the film after the hoopla and award galas died down. I was enjoying the Mickey Rourke show too much. The look on Angelina Jolie's face as Rourke kissed her hand at an awards show said it all. For that moment in time, the man standing beside her, Brad Pitt, did not exist. Rourke's charisma survived the ups and downs of a harsh life that Rourke admitted was of his own doing.<br /><br />I think the side story, that of the resurgence of Mickey Rourke is every bit as interesting as `The Wrestler'. Rourke was nothing if not astounding, brilliant in films such as `Rumblefish', and `The Pope of Greenwich Village'. The success continued and then, it seemed as if Mickey disappeared. Often times, that is the case in Hollywood when one doesn't follow the script. What happened? It can be explained in three simple words, \\"Royalty in Exile\\".obin's past. Her contribution to the film is significant, with a capital \\"S\\". As mentioned, the real life wrestlers assembled for the film are great. Each one has crafted a character for the ring that enables their considerable physical talents to enthrall the local crowds who in turn heap praise upon them. They need each other and Director Aronofsky faithfully depicts that.    Having followed the buzz and accolades awarded the film, director and actors, I feel that they have truly earned it. Watching Mickey's `official' return to Hollywood, and the publicity it generated made me very happy. I waited to view the film after the hoopla and award galas died down. I was enjoying the Mickey Rourke show too much. The look on Angelina Jolie's face as Rourke kissed her hand at an awards show said it all. For that moment in time, the man standing beside her, Brad Pitt, did not exist. Rourke's charisma survived the ups and downs of a harsh life that Rourke admitted was of his own doing.    I think the side story, that of the resurgence of Mickey Rourke is every bit as interesting as `The Wrestler'. Rourke was nothing if not astounding, brilliant in films such as `Rumblefish', and `The Pope of Greenwich Village'. The success continued and then, it seemed as if Mickey disappeared. Often times, that is the case in Hollywood when one doesn't follow the script. What happened? It can be explained in three simple words, \\"Royalty in Exile\\".
B0006J28BO|5.0|I've seen this movie before and I'm glad to add it to my DVD collection.
B001PPLIEG|3.0|In the beginning there is trouble...there's always trouble. Moments into a Bond adventure, we buckle up for a wild ride. When the opening sequences are clever, well planned and preposterous enough, the following ninety minutes usually follows suit.<br /><br />The plot in a Bond film is nothing more than filler. To elaborate on which ruse is used to set 007 loose is pointless. There has been one thing missing from recent Bond outings though. Namely his nemesis' super powered bodyguard. Gone are the `Odd Job' and `Jaws' type henchmen that he had to overcome before saving the earth, and the heaven's above. What we have been seeing in the past two Bond offerings is a healthy dose of `Parkour' instead.<br /><br />This is the French acrobatic art of running, leaping, jumping and landing like a cat on any structure available. Parkour is natural propulsion and making use of anything in one's field of vision to keep moving. In Quantum of Solace, Bond puts it to good use. It makes for exciting maneuvers as the action goes up, down and all around. I find its inclusion to be a great boost to natural stunts and leaving CGI where it belongs, in the background and at a minimum.<br /><br />Audiences are smart enough to know when effects are in play. We have been through the initial `all green screen' productions and the hyperbole accompanying them. FX have their place, but make it count for something if it has to be used. Blockbusters in the latter half of the last century, namely `Earthquake', `Towering Inferno', and `The Poseidon Adventure' led to the `Die Hard' franchise. Then the resurgence of comic book characters as Matinee Idols. Bond is not a comic book figure.<br /><br />Daniel Craig has done a fine job in creating his own version of Bond. He does so while maintaining all the right moves. His is the study of a man with a heavy past, present and by the end of the film, future. He shows just enough emotion, letting his subtle nuances light the character. Craig gives us a more human, a more believable Bond.<br /><br />Playboy flare is unnecessary for this Bond. He has a natural charisma that doesn't require the facial gestures and randiness of his predecessors. The audience does not have to be hit over the head with Bond's allure. We get it. His romance is simply a compliment to the six vodka source of energy. Bond is mission focused. Sleep must wait. This is the foundation of the way the man does business.<br /><br />`M' has a beefier role this time out. Dame Judith Dench is spot on. You get the sense that all Bond really needs is his trusty sidekick and vice-versa. `M' does all this and more for Bond. Ms. Dench speaks volumes with a glance and this film is so much the better with her in it. With much respect to Mr. Craig, she is also the finest actor in the film. I am sure he would agree.<br /><br />`Quantum of Solace' is a fine companion to `Casino Royal'. Not the best Bond film, but an interesting study of the character we always want to know just a little better. And in that sense, we have been rewarded through Craig's performance. And we shall continue to seek out this Bond... James Bond.Playboy flare is unnecessary for this Bond. He has a natural charisma that doesn't require the facial gestures and randiness of his predecessors. The audience does not have to be hit over the head with Bond's allure. We get it. His romance is simply a compliment to the six vodka source of energy. Bond is mission focused. Sleep must wait. This is the foundation of the way the man does business.    `M' has a beefier role this time out. Dame Judith Dench is spot on. You get the sense that all Bond really needs is his trusty sidekick and vice-versa. `M' does all this and more for Bond. Ms. Dench speaks volumes with a glance and this film is so much the better with her in it. With much respect to Mr. Craig, she is also the finest actor in the film. I am sure he would agree.    `Quantum of Solace' is a fine companion to `Casino Royal'. Not the best Bond film, but an interesting study of the character we always want to know just a little better. And in that sense, we have been rewarded through Craig's performance. And we shall continue to seek out this Bond... James Bond.
B001NERPHS|5.0|I listened to the Basement Tapes when the bootleg first appeared. That was wellover 30 years ago. Many of the lyrics have run through my head like gospels ever since.  Sometimes they just pop up, or a situation happens and a line from one of these songs describes it perfectly.  These are songs to interpret our lives, by which I mean that much of it is often filled with nonsense!  Glorious nonsense! Henry and Mrs. Henry, Bessie, Moss, Nick, Jim, Katie, and Tiny Montgomery will be friends of mine for life.
B001PA0FFO|2.0|This film opens with a view of a street scene from the sixties. We see the neighborhood and those who inhabit it, preparing for the daily parade to the center of the community, the Catholic Church. And that is as far as we are taken from church grounds. Without researching the production, I can be reasonably sure that it originated as a play. It is not so much what happens on these grounds that is the reason we are here, it is what might have occurred.<br /><br />This is a story-based film, and one that I was looking forward to. Philip Seymour Hoffman is an outstanding actor (and one of my favorites. Meryl Streep isn't but she is excellent in everything she chooses to be a part of. With story being the action, I didn't feel enough kick. It was too subdued. What we received packed little punch and was nothing more than an episode of `Little House on the Prairie'. I say this because in the end it was always the moral of the story that was most important. And often times, that was left for the viewer to interpret. This is central to 'Doubt' as well.<br /><br />I loved the feel of the film, as I was raised in the sixties. Everything looked right and it brought back memories of a time when buildings had character, automobiles were distinct and the people who lived around you were not strangers.<br />It is a period piece that succeeds exceedingly well on that level. And true to form, Meryl Streep is fantastic. I had thought that this took place in any one of the cities with a large Irish population But Ms. Streep has an unmistakable Boston accent (and perfect I might add).<br /><br />The Catholic Church in America is a once powerful entity that for a time was as influential as the government itself. But it began to crumble; as did the government when the truth was revealed to those whose support made the institutions possible. Lying beneath the surface was an ugly network of pathetically powerful men. A cabal based on power, greed, lust and deception. Demons who were meant to dwell in the final chapter of the book they used to advance their cause. There is little doubt where they are headed.ter of the book they used to advance their cause. There is little doubt where they are headed.
B0009MAO46|5.0|Price was good and product shipped quickly. Would recommend Amazon to anyone. I've checked their pricing on several items ordered and they are tough to beat.    LM
B000ZN8036|3.0|I initially had every intention of never seeing this movie after reading Jon Krakauer's excellent book of the same title.  The fact it was a Hollywood production directed by the repulsive Penn made me want to barf.  That said it was a good movie, very well done, even if it distorts the story to make a better movie which is what all wide release movies pretty much have to do to make a buck.<br /><br />Before you ever think of ordering the DVD, buy the book and read it a couple of times.  Then read some of Krakauer's other works and other authors' books on mountaineering and adventuring.  You'll get the impression that many extreme adventurers are trying to fill in some empty parts of their soul through challenging the elements, and many freely admit to as much.  There's nothing wrong with that, sometimes they are able to find peace of mind through their travels, other times not.<br /><br />This movie does not delve into this aspect of the story, which is good business because that would get pretty complicated and overshadow the McCandless personal story.  This movie is more of eulogy to the young man, which is fine, but you really need to look further to understand the important points Krakauer was trying to make in the book.<br /><br />So if you've read the book, the movie works great to personify the enigmatic McCandless and adds compelling visuals and narrative to his intriguing story.  If you have not read the book I think it would seem a little confusing and you would end up wondering why someone so naive has a big budget movie made about him.<br /><br />The story of McCandless is not all that unique, Krakauer points out in the book.  Many young men have made similar risky treks in search of some sort of truth they felt was not realizable in ordinary civilization.  What is unique is the fact Krakauer spent a lot of time and effort investigating and trying to place into context this young man's actions, relationships (or lack thereof) and motivations.<br /><br />Since he was a somewhat dysfunctional adventurer himself, Krakauer is able to lend an authenticity to his narrative that Hollywood cannot.  So while Penn did a fine job of running the story through the Hollywood production process, you do lose some of the most crucial insights of the book.<br /><br />Also, Penn cannot resist foisting his politics very awkwardly into the film...  let's pan to photo of George Bush before the encounter with the bureaucratic park ranger, we all know he was responsible for making the crazy rules about running the Colorado river.  Similarly have McCandless glance at the TV and watch Bush talk about the first Gulf War, that must have been part of what drove him to abandon his family.  What a load of BS!  Fortunately those are some of the worst offenses I could find and other parts such as the touching encounters with the old man who built Salvation Mountain and the reflections of Ron Franz pretty much make up for them.<br /><br />Anyway, I would say the DVD is only worth owning if you already own the book.  I don't think it can stand on its own merit, but rather makes a nice complementary piece.  Especially given the good acting and cinematography...  having Alaska to work with as a back drop helps a lot!dventurer himself, Krakauer is able to lend an authenticity to his narrative that Hollywood cannot.  So while Penn did a fine job of running the story through the Hollywood production process, you do lose some of the most crucial insights of the book.    Also, Penn cannot resist foisting his politics very awkwardly into the film...  let's pan to photo of George Bush before the encounter with the bureaucratic park ranger, we all know he was responsible for making the crazy rules about running the Colorado river.  Similarly have McCandless glance at the TV and watch Bush talk about the first Gulf War, that must have been part of what drove him to abandon his family.  What a load of BS!   Fortunately those are some of the worst offenses I could find and other parts such as the touching encounters with the old man who built Salvation Mountain and the reflections of Ron Franz pretty much make up for them.    Anyway, I would say the DVD is only worth owning if you already own the book.  I don't think it can stand on its own merit, but rather makes a nice complementary piece.  Especially given the good acting and cinematography...  having Alaska to work with as a back drop helps a lot!
0385341008|4.0|This is one of the best books I've read in my lifetime, for a number of reasons.  It is a wonderful slice of life story that seemed accurate and well researched.  The book made me laugh aloud several times, but I also cried over injustice and loss.  It is an uplifting study of life and love, and its decentness was refreshing.  Start to finish, this book did not disappoint.
B0007DFJ0G|1.0|This pathetic movie is one of the most pointless that I have ever seen.<br /><br />It is full of lots of meaningless violence and little else.  The plot is disjointed and completely pathetic.  The only movie that I have ever seen that is remotely as worthless is 'Napolean Dynamite'.<br /><br />I would not recommend this to anyone.  It is a waste of over two hours of one's precious time.
0446402389|4.0|I had mixed feelings about this book.  As a murder mystery it was good, but no better then the thousands of other mystery books cranked out every year.  I call them airplane books.  A quick read that keeps you glued to the pages so that the time passes quickly.  What seperates this book from the pack of other murder mysteries is the incredible descriptions of Stalin's Russia.    I will admit that I have a special interest in Russia.  My Wife and I recently returned from a month in Siberia, where we adopted our daughter. One of the things that strikes you is the huge behavioral difference between generations.  While the young people act like young people anywhere, the older generation behave much differently, at least in public.  There is little facial expression and no eye contact.  No holding of hands or Public displays of affection.  My Wife says they walked around like Zombies.  These same people, once they were behind closed doors were affectionate and caring.  If you read Child 44 you will understand why they behave in this manner.  Stalins guiding principle that \\"it is better to hang ten innocent men then to allow one guilty man to go free\\" along with the presumption of guilt create a reality that most of us in the US can't comprehend.  After reading this novel, however, it becomes vividly clear.  The author does a wonderful job of personalizing the experience.  He also makes you question what you would have done in a similar situation.  It is one thing to stand up to an oppressive regime knowing you may be punished for it.  It is another to situation when you know the results of your actions will be the imprisonment or execution of your family and everyone close to you.  What would you do if you had to turn in your spouse in order to save your children and parents?  How do you make the choice?    So if the novel is a good Murder Mystery with a great Historical setting, what's my beef?  I feel that the Murder Mystery took away from the book.  The ending was contrived and unrealistic, and I was left with a feeling of what could have been.  I think the author has the ability to write great Historical novels that will stand the test of time.  He needs to drop the murder mystery crutch and just write a novel about Stalins Russia.  There is a Dr Zhivago type book in him.  He has the ability to wrench you out of time and place you into a period and place so you feel like you are actually there.  It is a great first effort and I look forward to reading more of his work
B000AMJC2K|4.0|Took a bit to figure out the diagrams for this but once I puzzled that out works great.
B000002L0A|5.0|Hard to say if this is the BEST Slayer album or not.  For somebody new to Slayer or this type of music, it is definitely one of the more accessible albums.  Would definitely make a great first Slayer album.  Not as fast as their earlier offerings, but the song-writing and musicianship along with recording clarity are much better here than on earlier albums.
0553385461|4.0|Stephen explains how the early scientists such as Aristotle, Copernicus, Galileo, Kepler, Newton and Einstein saw the Earth and time.  It is an interesting read full of facts and theory about the gravitational forces as well as quantum mechanics and string theory.  Questions about God appear throughout but of course there are no definitive answers.    Many different possibilities are discussed as to how we view time - and creation.  The Big Bang and alternate universes is explored.  One topic which caught my attention was the fact that in prior years there may have been only a handful of people that understood relativity, and today there are thousands.  Also with the explosion of information technology, no single human can grasp the totality of all of the knowledge which is available.
B00005JLT5|3.0|I was expecting great things from this Triple-Academy-Award-winning picture.  I hoped for a previously-untold perspective on the much-documented (and rightfully so)topic of the Holocaust.  Sadly, this film brings nothing new to the mix. The extent of its power is limited by attempts to manipulate the emotions of the audience with depictions of meaningless brutality by cardboard \\"Nazi thugs\\" upon equally-cardboard \\"innocent Jews\\".  If you've seen Schindler's List or The Hiding Place or the Anne Frank mini series, you'll recognize many revisited topics and cliches that have been portrayed better elsewhere.<br /><br />Adrien Brody gives a decent, tortuous performance that has its moments.  He is expressive in his silent observations of the world crumbling around him, and it's impossible not to care about his fate.  Still, I'm embarrassed to admit that I was more deeply moved by his performance in Darjeeling Limited--the part where he tries to rescue a drowning child--than by his passive, anti-heroic lurking here.<br /><br />I also spent entirely too much time during and after the film pondering the point--or pointlessness?--of it all. What is the bottom line here?  That life was miserable for Polish Jews in the 40s?  Was 2.5 hours of brutality, of watching a man gradually starve, frame by excruciating frame, really necessary, when other, better movies and documentaries have already hammered the point home?  I suspected the director didn't trust the intelligence of his audience, especially when he whipped out well-worn lines from the Merchant of Venice and even displayed the title just in case we were unsure of the source of the quote.  I had also expected some sort of theme regarding the redemptive quality of music, but even the gorgeous piano playing is restricted to a few scenes and ignored for most of the film.<br /><br />The best scene in which the unlikely sympathy of a German officer saves Brody's pianist's life is truly touching, but the much-needed pathos is only partially developed.  Based on the depictions of all the Nazi characters up until this point, the officer is an unexplainable anomaly whose motivations, background, and psychology are completely ignored.  What makes this one man good, and the rest of them evil?  Coming so late in the game, the addition of this sole non-stereotyped character with an appreciation for fine music feels tacked on.  It's also hard to ignore the fact that minutes before, Brody had been fumbling with frost-bitten fingers to open a can of pickles.  Suddenly, he launches into a \\"Shine\\"-worthy musical performance...<br /><br />Overall, a simplistic and overly moralizing--though historically accurate--depiction of one man's survival of the Holocaust that inspires horror, if not pathos, in the audience.  The Big Issues--the gradual whittling away of Jewish rights that eventually lead to mass extermination--are chronologically well depicted, but a meaningful discussion on the source of the hatred in all its complexity is absent here.Based on the depictions of all the Nazi characters up until this point, the officer is an unexplainable anomaly whose motivations, background, and psychology are completely ignored.  What makes this one man good, and the rest of them evil?  Coming so late in the game, the addition of this sole non-stereotyped character with an appreciation for fine music feels tacked on.  It's also hard to ignore the fact that minutes before, Brody had been fumbling with frost-bitten fingers to open a can of pickles.  Suddenly, he launches into a \\"Shine\\"-worthy musical performance...    Overall, a simplistic and overly moralizing--though historically accurate--depiction of one man's survival of the Holocaust that inspires horror, if not pathos, in the audience.  The Big Issues--the gradual whittling away of Jewish rights that eventually lead to mass extermination--are chronologically well depicted, but a meaningful discussion on the source of the hatred in all its complexity is absent here.
B0028SVXR6|5.0|It took a few listens to get the feel for this album, but it definitely is one of their best. The only songs I found that weren't that special were 4 and 8. If you like all kinds of music, then you will probably like this album. If you can only listen to die hard rock, then maybe only a few songs because they throw a couple slow ones in there.
0316776963|4.0|...reading his stories is like watching your crazy neighbors scrapping next door through a hole in the wall, and it's hard not to look away.  You just think...thank God that's not my family!  Like his other books, Me Talk Pretty is made up of numerous humorous (and hopefully exaggerated) anecdotes from Mr. Sedaris' recent and not-so-recent past.<br /><br />In the first story, a young David hilariously attempts to outwit the Agent--actually a young female speech therapist assigned to rid him of his lisp. About halfway through the book, after self-depracating discussions of his failures as guitar student, performance artist, and creative writing teacher who pulls his lesson plans from daytime Soaps, Sedaris again broaches the topic of \\"talking pretty\\".  This time, he is trying to learn French.  He wants to live with his boyfriend in a tiny Normandy village, which is difficult if the only French word you know is \\"ashtray\\".<br /><br />I thought the depictions of his French class and village life were the highlight of this collection, especially \\"Jesus Shaves\\" and it's discussion of Easter.  When Sedaris makes the faux pas of mentioning the American tradition of the Easter Bunny, his (decidedly masochistic) French instructor corrects him:  \\"here in France, a giant bell flies in from Rome bringing chocolate for all the boys and girls.\\"  David observes that \\"a bell has all the personality of a cast-iron skillet.\\"  And when a Moroccan muslim student asks about the point of Easter the other students, in their limited vocabulary, provide comic, wholly inadequate explanations.<br /><br />Bottom line:  extremely addicting fare from Mr. Sedaris...laugh-out-loud funny in a macabre sort of way.
B0015AARJI|2.0|WARNING TO ALL:  This doesn't come with the cable you need to CHARGE the stupid thing.  This is being sold as a replacement and not an add on.  It says to use the cable that came with the system.  HELLO!  The system only comes with one cable bright eyes.  Maybe the tards at Playstation can add the $4 dollar cable to the box for now on.  Cheap B@$TARD$.
0060558121|2.0|I'm not sure if I underappreciated this (popular) novel, but I'm relieved to be done.  The vibe I got while reading was similar to watching a movie based on a comic-book, which is hardly surprising, really, considering Mr. Gaiman started out writing and illustrating graphic novels.  The overall mood is dark, and if the characters were illustrated, I picture them all with sharply-contoured facial expressions and inhabiting a sharply shadowed, edgy world.<br /><br />Shadow (the name fits the mood, doesn't it?) is released from prison and goes home to Indiana only to find that his wife has been killed in an accident.  Unsure of what to do and with nothing to lose, he takes a job as an errand boy for a mysterious man named Wednesday.  Shadow soon finds himself mixed up in a war between the dying \\"old gods\\" of traditional world cultures, and the \\"new gods\\" that are replacing them, represented by various anthropomorphic embodiments of the Media.<br /><br />Overall, an interesting idea, but the greater pulpy feel rubbed me the wrong way, possibly due to mere personal tastes.  I found the prose repetitive and tiresome: a character's every movement is described in great detail--to make up for the fact that this isn't a \\"graphic novel\\" with illustrations?  A character takes a bite, chews, swallows, puts down the sandwich, wipes his mouth, picks it up again...really?  What is the purpose of inflating a book in this manner, with all that meaningless detail?  There are also some overly-gruesome scenes whose presence can only be explained by the physical shock value, as they fail to propel or be relevant to the story.  These too I could have done without.  Glad to be finished.
B001BTG3OQ|3.0|I've had my SB900 for several weeks now.  I experimented a lot the first week or so with it and was quite impressed, especially when used off camera.    It is very well designed and easy to use.  It also comes with a full set of tupperware and plastic, gels, gel holder and diffuser.  These items are really worth next to nothing to make but they can be expensive by the time you buy them separately.    The downside really with this flash is it's size. Also, as impressed as I am with it's performance, at the end of the day the SB600 is probably a better choice for people like me who aren't professionals. It is half the price, 120 grams or so lighter and much more compact.    Mind you none of these flash guns are exactly compact but the SB900 is really the King Kong of flashes and really it ponders the question of what the limits should be on size and weight and price for a camera strobe.  I guess if you have a monster pro camera like a Nikon D3 which you need a crane to lift as it is, maybe it is OK but I would give this flash the thumbs down unless you are a press or wedding photographer.    I personally think that Nikon should be working on a nice general purpose flash redesigned with usability in mind, off camera remote capability and full head swivel but try to make it as small and inexpensive as possible.  Yes a redesigned and shrunk SB-600!
1439157383|5.0|A wonderful book about, family, love, heartache and strength.  You will smile and you will cry...  Great book
B00004U8JV|2.0|The second Jurassic Park movie, \\"The Lost World\\", was a huge let down from the first movie [[ASIN:B00003CXAT Jurassic Park (Widescreen Collector's Edition)]]. While sequels seldom live up to the original movie, this one miss the mark by a wide margin. About the only thing to recommend about the movie are the outstanding CGI effects, everything else was poorly conceived and executed.<br /><br />This movie centers around Dr. Malcolm (played heavy handed by Jeff Goldblum) as he tries to rescue his girlfriend (Julianne Moore) from more of Hammond's (brief appearance by Richard Attenborough) dinosaurs. There is also a brief appearance of Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello (Hammond's grandchildren from the first movie), but sadly they really play no part in this movie. What we get instead is Dr. Malcolm's young daughter (not a bad actress at all, but laughable casting) as a plot device to provide more incentive for the main characters to be heroic.<br /><br />While most moves require some suspension of disbelief, this movie has plot holes so large that you could fit a herd of Brachiosaurus through them. All of the characters are caricatures that are so incredibly flat and poorly fleshed out that they act in ways no human would behave in a real life or death situation. The list includes Malcolm's non-stop \\"I told you so\\", the experienced field researchers ignoring basic interaction protocols, the daughter's surprising development of Ninja like fighting skills, the evil hunter who only wants to destroy something beautiful, the greedy incompetent corporate executive, and, perhaps most annoying of all, the \\"Earth First'er\\" who would jeopardize human life to save an animal. It is bad enough that the movie is tedious, but sadly it is also preachy.<br /><br />Unfortunately this movie should be watched to get the full Jurassic Park experience, but don't take it too seriously.
1439157383|4.0|So for some reason I wanted to read this book before I saw the movie, which opens on June 26, 2009, only a few days away, I bought the book on June 20th, a Saturday and started reading, by the end of the day I was already almost 200 Pages into it, and thought I may actually finish it within the week, and I did. 3 Days, a record for me really for a book that is just shy of 500 pages.  Here is my take on the book:<br /><br />The book is kind of set in a series of flashbacks, which I wonder if the movie will follow the same sort of pattern. It helps develop the characters well and gives us a Present day and then a flashback to kind of let us know how they got up to the point where they are and why people have made decisions they have.<br /><br />After reading the book, i'm still torn as to the ethics of Anna's conception.  As someone who has undergone numerous medical procedures, I don't know that I would \\"want to\\", if I didn't \\"have to\\".  I can understand Anna's frustration how she kind of feels used and invisible that she is just there for her sister, and how no one has really taken up for her and what is in HER best interests, which kind of resolves itself at the end, in a unexpected way.<br /><br />It was a really good book, a nice story about family, love, sacrifice and how we become who we are and how it's important for us to find out who we are, otherwise someone else may decide that for us.<br /><br />Can't wait for the Movie, at least now I'll be prepared for what will happen.
B00003CXAT|5.0|The original Jurassic Park movie remains my favorite of the three in the series. Released in 1993, this was one of the first movies to heavily use CGI effects seamlessly in conjunction with live action. The overall effect is nothing short of unbelievable or, more to the point, totally believable dinosaurs interacting with humans.<br /><br />The movie's plot centers on a Paleontologist (well played by Sam Neill) who is hired to give his stamp of approval on a new \\"Theme\\" park ahead of its grand opening. There is also good casting and acting from Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum (a good fit as a \\"Chaos-tician\\"), Samuel L. Jackson (way underutilized), and Richard Attenborough (very likeable as the entrepreneur, John Hammond). Rounding out the main cast are two kids (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello as Hammond's grandchildren) and an annoying programmer (Wayne Knight, \\"Newman\\" from Seinfeld).<br /><br />The movie does require some suspension of disbelief and acceptance of pseudoscience but overall the plot is strong and the effects are believable.<br /><br />Once the action starts in this movie it really doesn't let up until the very end. This is one of the few movies that has the ability to keep you literally on the edge of your seat. I have \\"nervous\\" people in my family who can't watch the movie all of the way through because the tempo of the action is so intense. For that same reason it is one of my teenager's favorite movies.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!
B00004SC3M|5.0|AskMen say she is a classic beauty unmatched by anyone in Hollywood. I totally agree. This movie is sophiscated and cool. I like Sean and Catherine's chemistry. I cannot believe how beautiful and gorgeous she is in this movie. I love this movie!
B0026NWBY2|4.0|This is a very pleasing collection of George Harrison tunes, although I agree with other comments that some other favorites such as \\"Apple Scruffs\\", \\"Handle With Care\\", \\"If Not for You\\", and a few others should have been included. This would have made a nice 2 cd set similiar to the marketing concept of Paul McCartney's \\"Wingspan\\" collection. The nice packaging and booklet also enhance the cd.     I do find it a bit \\"jarring\\" that the songs aren't arranged chronologically as that documents the artistic progression of an artist (I have the same complaint about the Rolling Stones \\"Forty Licks\\" and the CSN greatest hits cd).    If you're a George Harrison fan you will defintely enjoy the cd, although it might make you wish for a little bit more. I would rate the collection 4.5 overall.
0751542318|5.0|I have, in the past, ordered and received gently used books.  I must say that the condition of this book, Luck One, I don't believe was ever read by anyone.  The only thing missing was a plastic cover!!!  I am very pleased to have received a book in such great condition.
0385341008|5.0|This is an absolute delightful book. One of the best ever read! Several friends have read it too, and agree 100%. Read this book, the format is done in letters, and is so engaging...you don't want to close it!
0670020478|5.0|The Element is uplifting and inspiring - and also just a heck of a good read!  The author's main point is that many of the greatest creative geniuses of our times have had skill sets and abilities which are not captured by traditional measures of achievement.  He illustrates this point brilliantly, informing us that Elvis was rejected from the glee club at his high school, while Paul McCartney tried out for a prestigious choir in England as a child but didn't get in.<br /><br />His is essentially a secular argument for the idea of a vocation or a God-given calling on every person's life.  He interviews and describes various people in various professions - all of whom hae that spark that enables you to invent a device that people need, to craft a theory that's new and unique or to make a piece of art that moves people to tears.<br /><br />What I was NOT expecting in this book was his fascinating public policy analysis.  For his is a call for a broader theory of education in which everyone's unique contributions and abilities would be recognized (a la the emotional intelligence theory of Goleman), as well as a call to all of us to trust ourselves and nurture our unique and individual gifts.  A Brit who currently lives in the US, he comes down particularly harshly on our current climate of No Child Left Behind-driven standardized testing, arguing that it sets up only ONE standard of achievement and one way to measure it.  He tells a story in the beginning about a Gillian Lynne, who became one of Britain's greatest dancers and choreographers.  In the course of his description, he notes (almost as an aside) that she had trouble sitting still, and that in today's harsh educational climate, she probably would have been medicated with Ritalin for hyperactivity.  Instead, a sensitive doctor discovered how much she loved movement and suggested that it be channeled into dance.  It makes you wonder what other child's unique gifts and abilities are being medicated away at this very moment, and what other losses we might suffer as a society as a result.  A brilliant, moving book.and what other losses we might suffer as a society as a result.  A brilliant, moving book.
B000UNYK3A|1.0|I love horror movies and books and this movie did not cut it.  I felt like the movie was a joke.  It was not scary to me and it seemed ridiculous. The premise is a club where you pay to hunt, torture and kill people. It is just slice and dice `em with the bare bones of a plot with some sex and violence thrown in.  It should appeal to teenage boys, but I am not sure who else.
B0028SVXR6|3.0|...perhaps I need to hear it more to find more of them?  I mean when you listen to last year's Bedlam in Goliath, it sounds like the band just opened up and had fun like they never have before (or like Omar never let them have before).    And I suppose you could look at Octahedron as almost the night to Beldam's day.      The album starts off with almost the theme element of the entire album; a long, droning whole note on a keyboard...and you'll hear that crop up in most of the songs at some point.  There's many a quiet moment here, but it's not to say it's terrible.  MV have done quiet songs in the past, so this should be of NO surprise to any long-term fan.      My favourite tracks probably are:    \\"With Twilight As My Guide\\" :    a very haunting , quiet track, with some great passion put in by Cedric's vocals.  Also some very quirky lyrics and a lovely melody.    \\"Cotopaxi\\":   like its namesake, this song just explodes and doesn't relent.  Definitely the heaviest moment of the entire album.   While short, I don't see this being too radio friendly since it's odd time signature will probably be a little hard to grasp at first.       Overall, most of the songs seem to be very straight forward, organised, and really...anything but progressive.   Only song with any kind of evolution is probably \\"Luciforms\\"  (as well as containing your only Omar solo).    Hey, I have no problems with a band that tries something very new.  I state this often; Don't expect the same thing twice with Mars Volta.   It's not my favourite album of theirs, but there are pieces here that will remain in my play list.
0792846443|5.0|This is one of the three Stephen King books that actually turned into a good movie.  Usually, the movies made from his books cannot hold a candle to his writing.  But Misery does.  Kathy Bates is fabulous as a crazy fan who thinks she knows the author intimately and holds him hostage and tortures him.  James Caan does a wonderful acting job as well.  Anyone with even a tiny dose of fame knows that sometimes people can interpret some really strange things from what you say or write.  I hope I never meet someone like this.  If you like horror movies don't miss this one!<br />[[ASIN:1604941987 Power Path to Love]]
B000JML90Y|5.0|Almost everyone has heard of this book.  But, how many people have actually read it?  If you haven't yet, it is well-worth reading.      Darwin spent over 20 years researching his ideas, preparing his arguments, and writing this book.  He did a great job!  \\"On the Origin\\" is surprisingly easy to understand.  Just look at the beginning.  Instead of trying to leap directly into his basic idea and premise, Darwin chooses to gradually lead the reader up to the basic idea of evolution by first point out how humans have caused evolution to occur in our domesticated animals (something very easy for all humans to see even in the 1850s).  Darwin then goes on to point out some of the evidence that he and others had seen at that time that indicated that evolution had occurred.  His leap in understanding the basic premise of evolution is amazing especially when you consider that he did not understand or have access to information about the basics of genetic passing of traits within species.
B000UJ48WC|5.0|This is a great horror movie that could give you insomnia.  I actually visited the hotel in Estes Park, Colorado where Stephen King stayed that inspired this book.  I also heard an interview with King where he talked about working in a Laundromat and living in a trailer, being shut in the trailer with his screaming children while it was snowing.  Jack Nicholson is fantastic in this movie as an alcoholic father cooped up with his kids while snowed in as a caretaker in a haunted hotel.  He literally goes stir crazy and starts drinking and battling his demons.  When he comes down the hall with the ax in his hand, I think it is one of the best scenes ever in a psychological horror film.  This is a classic horror film and should not be watched anywhere near Father's Day.  [[ASIN:1604941987 Power Path to Love]]
0141439661|5.0|I loved this book.  I really did.<br /><br />But it was so SLOW!<br /><br />Jane Austen's first novel was very slow-paced.  It was a wonderful book, but very slow.
0307387178|4.0|Chris McCandless's story is one of intrigue. McCandless was a fearless, searching, hopeful young man who took off after college with little money to his name, and who eventually embarked on a wilderness survival adventure that cost him his life. Krakauer did a magnificent job of telling chris's story. It seems as though chris's adventure was researched with great care. The quotes cited from all of Chris's reads give more depth to Chris's character. The only thing that somewhat took away from the McCandless story was a little too much personal commentary from Krakauer (I am esp. referring to Krakauer's own climbing adventure - while interesting, I didn't feel it belonged). Overall, the McCandless story was presented in a way that was truly inspiring. It filled me with a desire to meet this enchanting kid and to plan a solo survival adventure of my own. I highly reccommend this book if you are interested in wilderness survival, man v. nature, and man v. society.
B00006CXSS|5.0|It's great to be able to watch the story of the epic achievements of E Company, 506 Parachute Infantry Regiment, during WW2 without commercial interruption.  Band of Brothers is understated, exceedingly well-acted and, therefore, profoundly moving. The accompanying documentary with  the survivors of E company is excellent. It shows their enduring courage and demonstrates the price that all veterans pay for for their time in combat, both physically and spiritually.
0307277887|3.0|Before I had Showtime, my brother gave me a copy of this book to read. Though I acknowledge, as nearly every other reviewer has, that Dexter is a unique and fascinating character, I found Lindsay's narrative style choppy and uninventive. The storylines are fascinating and and expertly crafted, but Lindsay's overuse of alliteration and unrealistic dialogue, among other things, made this book slightly painful to read. Don't get me wrong; I wasn't expecting iambic pentameter or flowery descriptions. I like quick, straightforward cliff-hangers as much as the next guy. I just feel that Lindsay shortchanged his own ideas and maybe underestimated the intelligence of his readers with the way this is written.  Dexter the TV series is awesome...it gets better every season. Watch that instead of reading this.
B001V7UXG2|3.0|This is a well acted series, at least the first two seasons.  Some of the situations are a bit repetitive, Bertie is always getting engaged and then NOT because Jeeves saves the day with a scheme which makes Bertie Wooster out to be a fool (which he is, of course, just not as much as the rest of the characters).  The shift in the actors playing the recurring supporting characters in the third season is a bit off-putting as I have to juxtapose the new faces and mannerisms with the previous ones.  The third season characters seem more vapid and useless than previously, which is saying something.
B000NA2BEU|5.0|[[ASIN:B000NA2BEU Veronica Mars - The Complete Third Season]]  The season was great, like all of the other ones. Theres no show that can compare to Veronica Mars.
B0027WNRJ0|4.0|The passage of time has curtailed my harsh criticism and disdain of what I still feel is Def Leppard's weakest, most phoned-in effort ever, 1992's \\"Adrenalize.\\" But after listening to it all these years later, with the hindsight of numerous trends in the music industry like boy bands, flashy country and rap artists, hardcore nu metal and other fads and phenoms that have surfaced between '92 and now, perhaps \\"Adrenalize\\" isn't so awful. I can now better enjoy -- albeit rather guiltily -- the CD's overly saccharin hooks and easily digested melodies. Yes, the lyrics are cornball nearly the entire way through; but songs like the somber \\"White Lightning\\" and the rockin' \\"Personal Property\\" and \\"Tear it Down\\" are solid enough to make up for the album's mistakes like \\"Let's Get Rocked\\" and \\"Make Love Like a Man,\\" silly tunes that almost come off as band parody. To be fair, the guys in Def Leppard were dealing with a tough loss at the time, the sad death of guitarist Steve Clark, and to carry on at all must have been difficult. That said, it's surprising the group didn't come up with something weightier and more meaningful at the time to better memorialize Clark's passing. Though the production is too slick, the lyrics too juvenile and the overall sound too sophomoric, \\"Adrenalize\\" does have its good moments, and a remastered version isn't a crime against humanity.<br /><br />The second disk in this two-CD set is what really makes it a worthwhile purchase if you like Def Leppard. The band sounds great on popular tunes like \\"Hysteria\\" and \\"Pour Some Sugar On Me\\" in a May '92 club concert in Bonn, Germany. Additionally, two beautiful cover songs played with the Hothouse Flowers contain an intimate, whiskey-soaked Irish vibe. Indeed, the musicians were in fact knocking back a few whiskeys in the studio, as noted by Def Leppard singer Joe Elliott in the CD's liner notes. The two alternate versions of \\"Tonight\\" and an acoustic rendition of \\"Two Steps Behind\\" are good but nothing special. However, a cover of Queen's \\"Now I'm Here,\\" played live with Brian May at The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert in London back in 1992, as well as live versions of \\"Women\\" and an especially mesmerizing performance of \\"Too Late for Love,\\" are reminders of how great this band is onstage, playing before thousands.l. However, a cover of Queen's \\"Now I'm Here,\\" played live with Brian May at The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert in London back in 1992, as well as live versions of \\"Women\\" and an especially mesmerizing performance of \\"Too Late for Love,\\" are reminders of how great this band is onstage, playing before thousands.
630460291X|5.0|This movie is awesome. Has been one of my favorites for a long time. Kevin Costner at his best. Great supporting cast as well. This movie is second to none. Great gift along with Three Musketeers starring Charlie Sheen, Oliver Platt, and Rebecca Demornay.
B0027WNRIG|5.0|At long last, Def Leppard's classic \\"Pyromania\\" from 1983 has received the remaster treatment. \\"Pyromania,\\" a 10-song masterpiece that was laboriously pieced together riff by riff, beat by beat, bridge by bridge and vocal by vocal to sterling effect by reclusive uber-producer Robert John \\"Mutt\\" Lange, was my generation's British Invasion and still sounds fabulous -- slick heavy metal for a new generation of Atari-savvy kids who had yet to encounter a slew of less talented pop-metal bands that would follow in Def Leppard's cutting-edge wake. If you've heard \\"Pyromania,\\" then you already know about the classic guitar riffs; the massive amount of hooks around every corner; Joe Elliott's distinctively raspy vocals; bombshell backing vocals; Rick Allen's fast but thunderous drumming; and the somber, London-fog aura heard on songs like \\"Too Late for Love,\\" \\"Die Hard the Hunter\\" and, one of my all-time favorites, \\"Billy's Got a Gun.\\"<br /><br />But the real reason for purchasing this well-packaged two-CD set is for the second CD, a live Leppard performance at the L.A. forum in 1983. Rip-roaring from the get-go on \\"Rock! Rock! (Till You Drop),\\" the show rarely lets up. Live in `83, these guys were a blitzkrieg force of nature. Well before the pristine pop metal of albums like \\"Hysteria\\" and \\"Adrenalize,\\" Def Leppard churned out rough-and-tumble heavyweights like \\"High `n' Dry (Saturday Night),\\" \\"Another Hit and Run,\\" \\"Wasted\\" and \\"Foolin'\\". In fact, what's most interesting on the live L.A. CD is how the band reached back in time with confidence and played a plentiful amount of tunes from its two albums prior to \\"Pyromania,\\" -- far from the \\"greatest hits\\" mentality these guys have today when playing live shows.<br /><br />In any case, anyone who says Def Leppard doesn't have the chops to duplicate their studio sound onstage should hear this CD: Elliott's live voice in `83 was raspy, versatile and hit all the high notes, likely because cigarettes, booze and age had yet to take their harmful toll; his mates' backing vocals are a bit spotty in parts but mostly come through with gusto; the twin-guitar attack of Phil Collen and the late, great Steve Clark is both spot-on and gloriously ragged at times; and it's hard not to notice drummer Rick Allen's sensational two-armed drumming, filled with flitting fills and crashing cymbals on nearly every downbeat, just like on record. Throughout the L.A. show, Elliott continually banters and attempts to rev up the crowd in typical arena-ready fashion -- with great success -- and it all culminates with the closer, Credence Clearwater Revival's \\"Travellin' Band,\\" a song that suits Elliott's voice perfectly and was played with guest guitarist and friend Brian May from Queen. It's an enthusiastic, crowd-pleasing rendition that leaves a lasting impression.<br /><br />Included with the discs are engaging liner notes by Rolling Stone writer David Fricke, who eons ago wrote a book about Def Leppard called \\"Animal Instinct.\\" Fricke's firsthand account of the band's early 1980s saga truly resonates, and many Leppard fans may long for the days when this Sheffield, England, quintet was young, rocked hard and possessed a more aggressive vibe. Though Leppard has evolved with class and has continued to make solid music, the band's `80s mojo will never be topped, both from the band itself and the fans that followed Leppard so avidly. In the liner notes, Fricke claims the group's performance on the live-in-L.A. CD displays Def Leppard at its apex, with the classic lineup of Elliott, Clark, Collen, Rick Savage and Allen. After hearing it, it's hard to argue with his assessment.armful toll; his mates' backing vocals are a bit spotty in parts but mostly come through with gusto; the twin-guitar attack of Phil Collen and the late, great Steve Clark is both spot-on and gloriously ragged at times; and it's hard not to notice drummer Rick Allen's sensational two-armed drumming, filled with flitting fills and crashing cymbals on nearly every downbeat, just like on record. Throughout the L.A. show, Elliott continually banters and attempts to rev up the crowd in typical arena-ready fashion -- with great success -- and it all culminates with the closer, Credence Clearwater Revival's \\"Travellin' Band,\\" a song that suits Elliott's voice perfectly and was played with guest guitarist and friend Brian May from Queen. It's an enthusiastic, crowd-pleasing rendition that leaves a lasting impression.            Included with the discs are engaging liner notes by Rolling Stone writer David Fricke, who eons ago wrote a book about Def Leppard called \\"Animal Instinct.\\" Fricke's firsthand account of the band's early 1980s saga truly resonates, and many Leppard fans may long for the days when this Sheffield, England, quintet was young, rocked hard and possessed a more aggressive vibe. Though Leppard has evolved with class and has continued to make solid music, the band's `80s mojo will never be topped, both from the band itself and the fans that followed Leppard so avidly. In the liner notes, Fricke claims the group's performance on the live-in-L.A. CD displays Def Leppard at its apex, with the classic lineup of Elliott, Clark, Collen, Rick Savage and Allen. After hearing it, it's hard to argue with his assessment.
B000BIOGV0|5.0|First of all if your going to purchase a Greatest Hits for Blondie this is the one to get. With a front woman like Debbie Harry, Blondie were destined to be a visual band. That's what makes this colelction so great becuase you get 17 of their fabulous Promotional Videos to go with the hits CD. Now you can see and hear Blondie like never before.<br /><br />The collection on the CD is wonderful and all remastered sound. All are the single versions except where noted if your wondering.<br /><br />Now onto the the reason to buy this collection, the DVD:<br /><br />First of all Blondie's recording career began in 1975 and were one of the few artists to have promotional videos to back them up when they weren't touring. That being said most of the early videos here are the band performing to their songs in a studio or back drop with variying degrees of experimentation with angles etc. But the most important part is Debbie's unique and beautiful style as well as the bands ability to seem too cool to care while still entertaining you.<br /><br />Here's the Videos:<br /><br />In The Flesh - Thier first hit in Australia which started their world tour. Here the band play in front of a huge back drop of Debbie's face with changing color schemes on the wall. The band each do their own little thing to stand out against each other. Nice little ballad.<br /><br />X-Offender - This was shot the same day as In The Flesh and Debbie has changed her outfit and the colors on the wall change a lot faster with the beat. There is a TV set playing The New York Dolls' concert from Don Kirshner's Rock Concert series which is where these first two videos were shot. A toy robot and Jimmy Destri's dramatic keyboard playing add to the visual excitement.<br /><br />Denis - Possibly Blondie's most perfect cover of a bubble-gum pop era hit from the 60's. Here the band play on a stage dressed in beautiful thrift shiek suits with Debbie wearing a ripped bathing suit and blazer and looking ever so stunning while her blonde hair glows in the stage lights.<br /><br />Detroit 442 - Here Blondie rocks out with this psychedelic rocker. Again on a sound stage and Debbie and the boys are dressed for Rock N Roll.<br /><br />I'm Always Touched By Your (Presence Dear) - This wonderfuly shot video clip uses primary colors and split screens to present this New Wave pop classic. Again on a stage (this is how videos were before bands realised they could be little movies) Debbie wearing a blue suit, tie, and gloves in front of the boys who get little attantion except for Clem Burke the drummer who always looks like he's having fun.<br /><br />Picture This - Debbie wearing a yellow secretary dress and volumized hair while lit from behind by a giant spotlight is fantastic. There is a cat walk and the screen splits in three to create a neat visual. The boys again wearing suits back up this new wave hit.<br /><br />Hanging On the Telephone - in my opinion this type of video format works best for Blondie. Playing on a backdrop of their cover from their album Parallel Lines (the black and white lines) while all closely matching one another. Jimmy Destri strangling himself with one of those classic telephones always gets me laughing. Directed by David Mallet who went on to direct their video album Eat To The Beat and other arts videos like David Bowie. He was a pioneer in directing promotional videos for rock groups.<br /><br />Heart Of Glass - This iconic video shot in the famous Studio 54 highlights the bands visual appeal and sense of humour. This was a number one song and the video was shown on a lot of early cable channels.<br />Debbie wears a classic dress designed by the late Stephen Sprouse while the guys all wear matching shirts, also by Stephen Sprouse. A pillow fight, Debbie never looked better, and the disco ball all add to this great video.<br /><br />Dreaming - This is the first of 12 videos shot for the video album Eat To The Beat(the first ever, a video for each song onthe album) and is quite possibly the quentissential Blondie song. Backed by the Blondie fan club and huge stadium like setting this is a great atmosphere.<br /><br />The Hardest Part. The first video Blondie does without a microphone in hand. This backdrop painted by grafiti artists is fantastic and the band all wear painter's pullups as if they were splashing the wall (see Freeze Frame by The J Geils Band) Debbie wears a dress designed by her friend Anya Phillips witch was torn in all the right places. Also note that Debbie is wearing a brown wig.<br /><br />Union City Blue - This one is very epic in feeling and sound. Shot on the pier in Union City New Jersey the band plays to hellicopter shots and close-ups. Debbie plays guitar. The end of the video is wonderful as the band run around having fun and goofing off.<br /><br />Atomic - This one is neat Shots of Atomic Bombs and creative use of filter lenses. The band plays in a wharehouse dressed like freaks from a nuclear holocast (thus Atomic) with the fan club dancing around. Note the Early Super Model Gia can be seen dancing in the video.<br /><br />The Tide Is High - One of thier early attempts at a video plot. This one is campy and weird but in a good way. Debbie is up in her Manhattan appartment looking bored (as usual) when all of a sudden the tide rises above outside. Watch in horror as fish of all types swim about through her windows (this is very primitive video effects) and the water leaks in while the chorus hits. Suddenly Debbie is being spyed on by what looks liek Darth Vader's twin from another planet. The band show up and Debbie and the boys get the hell outta there. Stock footage of space shuttles and sudeenly debbie and the boys are face to face with her stalker.<br /><br />Rapture - In heavy rotation on Mtv when they started this classic iconic video is the first to feature rap in a mainstream band and first to go number one on the billbaord charts with a song featuring rap. Debbie dancing with the boys then does her freestyle rap while walking aorund weird extras also featuring The Man from Mars in the White Suit.<br /><br />Island Of Lost Souls - Blondie's last top 40 hit may sound like a Tide Is High rehash but the video is pure fun. Blondie on a stranded island in a Carmen Miranda dress while the boys swing from palm trees very fun video.<br /><br />Maria - Blondie's come back vidoe. The band play in another abandoned appartment while a hitman watches and waits for the perfect time to strike. The end features great slow mo shots ofa flying bullet til it reaches Debbie's hand.<br /><br />Good Boys - I'm not too fond of this video and niether were the studio. It has three different versions. One shot in color, one Shot in Black and White and one with shosts of Debbie with Blonde Hair. The studio didn't like that she had brown hair for the video and so they odred her to shoot smal segments of her with blonde hair singing and dancing. The video has a plot based on the 1934 movie freaks and is located at a circus.<br /><br />All the videos are remastered and in digital 2.0 sound. As a blondie completist, I must say the videos have never looked more clearer than in this collection.b and huge stadium like setting this is a great atmosphere.     The Hardest Part. The first video Blondie does without a microphone in hand. This backdrop painted by grafiti artists is fantastic and the band all wear painter's pullups as if they were splashing the wall (see Freeze Frame by The J Geils Band) Debbie wears a dress designed by her friend Anya Phillips witch was torn in all the right places. Also note that Debbie is wearing a brown wig.     Union City Blue - This one is very epic in feeling and sound. Shot on the pier in Union City New Jersey the band plays to hellicopter shots and close-ups. Debbie plays guitar. The end of the video is wonderful as the band run around having fun and goofing off.     Atomic - This one is neat Shots of Atomic Bombs and creative use of filter lenses. The band plays in a wharehouse dressed like freaks from a nuclear holocast (thus Atomic) with the fan club dancing around. Note the Early Super Model Gia can be seen dancing in the video.     The Tide Is High - One of thier early attempts at a video plot. This one is campy and weird but in a good way. Debbie is up in her Manhattan appartment looking bored (as usual) when all of a sudden the tide rises above outside. Watch in horror as fish of all types swim about through her windows (this is very primitive video effects) and the water leaks in while the chorus hits. Suddenly Debbie is being spyed on by what looks liek Darth Vader's twin from another planet. The band show up and Debbie and the boys get the hell outta there. Stock footage of space shuttles and sudeenly debbie and the boys are face to face with her stalker.     Rapture - In heavy rotation on Mtv when they started this classic iconic video is the first to feature rap in a mainstream band and first to go number one on the billbaord charts with a song featuring rap. Debbie dancing with the boys then does her freestyle rap while walking aorund weird extras also featuring The Man from Mars in the White Suit.    IslandOf Lost Souls - Blondie's last top 40 hit may sound like a Tide Is High rehash but the video is pure fun. Blondie on a stranded island in a Carmen Miranda dress while the boys swing from palm trees very fun video.    Maria - Blondie's come back vidoe. The band play in another abandoned appartment while a hitman watches and waits for the perfect time to strike. The end features great slow mo shots ofa flying bullet til it reaches Debbie's hand.     Good Boys - I'm not too fond of this video and niether were the studio. It has three different versions. One shot in color, one Shot in Black and White and one with shosts of Debbie with Blonde Hair. The studio didn't like that she had brown hair for the video and so they odred her to shoot smal segments of her with blonde hair singing and dancing. The video has a plot based on the 1934 movie freaks and is located at a circus.     All the videos are remastered and in digital 2.0 sound. As a blondie completist, I must say the videos have never looked more clearer than in this collection.
0307474275|3.0|Wish someone told me Angels & Demons took place before this book and not understanding why the new movie seems to be filmed as a sequel. The story is about the Catholic Church on a quest to find the location of the true Holy Grail, and an ancient society established to keep it a secret. The two main characters in this novel are Langdon and Sophie. They are put in the middle of the ongoing struggle when all of the leaders of the ancient society are murdered by Silas, an assassin of the Catholic Church.<br /><br />Silas is now out to kill Langdon and Sophie so that the secret of the Holy Grail will not be discovered by anyone who would release it into the world. One of those murdered by Silas was Sophie's grandfather, and now he is leaving a trail of clues for Sophie to solve with the help of Langdon.<br /><br />The novel was against Christianity and said that Jesus was just a man and nothing else. I wouldn't recommend this novel to anyone with little faith or to someone who is easily swayed. Over all, this book was interesting. I would recommend.
B000S5BUXI|5.0|I wasn't sure I liked this album when I first got it in 2007; in truth, I think I wasn't ready for it.<br /><br />Since their 2001 debut, The National have become one of the most compelling bands in indie rock. Fortunately for those of us who are paying attention, their most recent album, \\"Boxer,\\" is perhaps their strongest--and certainly their most adventurous. It's great to hear a band committed to both honing their strengths and expanding upon them. Bryan Devendorf's drumming is an incredible propulsive force; it makes the music ebb and flow like a surging, swirling ocean, a dark sea of melancholy that somehow manages to be both depressing and energetic at the same time. And again, Matt Berninger's voice floats atop, memorable and vulnerable, funny and sad.<br /><br />That voice, and its relationship to the rest of the music, have changed quite a bit. On \\"Alligator,\\" he was mixed more clearly; he may have been adrift on the stormy seas, but his voice rose above the noise, telling us what we needed to hear but didn't want to, over and over again. Here, he's sometimes almost drowned out by the music. Still, the effect is arresting and compelling, distant but haunting, like watching a YouTube video of someone slipping beneath the waves.<br /><br />Yet we root for him, for when his lyrics are clear, it's apparent that his stories are our stories, his struggles, ours. Berninger paints relationships like Monet paints haystacks--exhaustively, with an eye for subtle shading and changes in atmosphere and mood that others would find mundane. On \\"Apartment Story,\\" he chronicles what sounds like an alcoholic codependent relationship, one where a couple ends up holed up in an apartment like shipwreck survivors on a deserted island, seeking solace in mutual isolation, relying on the sterile quasi-humanity of technology to avoid the brutality of actual human interaction. \\"We'll stay inside `till somebody finds us, do whatever the T.V. tells us, stay inside our rosy-minded fuzz,\\" he says. And yet, on the next song, it seems like he and his lover are recoiling from the claustrophobia of their self-imposed exile; he's telling someone: \\"We were always weird but I never had to hold you by the edges like I do now. Walk away now, and you're gonna start a war.\\" Throughout the album, there are similar pictures, tense and angry, funny and sad. It feels personal enough to be authentic, but general enough that you can relate to it.<br /><br />The National have been likened to Bruce Springsteen; his grandiose soundscapes are clearly an influence, and they covered \\"Mansion on the Hill\\" on their \\"Virginia\\" EP. But their music feels more authentic to me, in that they speak not to blue-collar life, but to white-collar people who live a bleak, black life in which the paths to happiness--through work or romance or politics or oblivion--are murkier than ever. Radiohead's \\"OK Computer\\" and \\"Kid A\\" and Wilco's \\"Yankee Hotel Foxtrot\\" are often cited as emblematic records of this generation; \\"Boxer\\" (and its predecessor, \\"Alligator\\") deserve a place alongside them. All in all, they paint an unforgettable picture of post-millenial life, of Americans \\"half awake in our fake empire,\\" searching for meaning in relationships and looking for feeling in alcohol, but finding tensions and frustrations that mirror those in the confusing angry world outside.he next song, it seems like he and his lover are recoiling from the claustrophobia of their self-imposed exile; he's telling someone: \\"We were always weird but I never had to hold you by the edges like I do now. Walk away now, and you're gonna start a war.\\" Throughout the album, there are similar pictures, tense and angry, funny and sad. It feels personal enough to be authentic, but general enough that you can relate to it.    The National have been likened to Bruce Springsteen; his grandiose soundscapes are clearly an influence, and they covered \\"Mansion on the Hill\\" on their \\"Virginia\\" EP. But their music feels more authentic to me, in that they speak not to blue-collar life, but to white-collar people who live a bleak, black life in which the paths to happiness--through work or romance or politics or oblivion--are murkier than ever. Radiohead's \\"OK Computer\\" and \\"Kid A\\" and Wilco's \\"Yankee Hotel Foxtrot\\" are often cited as emblematic records of this generation; \\"Boxer\\" (and its predecessor, \\"Alligator\\") deserve a place alongside them. All in all, they paint an unforgettable picture of post-millenial life, of Americans \\"half awake in our fake empire,\\" searching for meaning in relationships and looking for feeling in alcohol, but finding tensions and frustrations that mirror those in the confusing angry world outside.
0743454529|4.0|Great book! The movie looks good too!! For anyone interested, there is a great organization called St. Baldrick's Foundation that raises money for childhood cancer research by shaving heads. Volunteer \\"shavees\\" get people to sponsor them to shave their head at a local event, the money raised then goes to fund research grants for new and innovative cures for childhood cancer. To get involved, become a shavee, find a local event or donate, [...].
B001UREJWM|5.0|This album might as well have been titled \\"Dehumanizer II.\\"  The feel is similar, and it is definitely latter day Sabbath, despite the band's new name.  The Devil You Know bears little resemblance to either Heaven & Hell or Mob Rules, but still maintains the classic metal feel on any given Dio album or post-Dio Sabbath album.  This is the best work either Iommi or Dio has done since Dehumanizer.    There is a mix of great tracks and a couple tracks that are good, but not stellar.  And although a few of the songs employ the \\"Evil Eye\\" riff from Cross Purposes, there is enough variation on the album to keep this from hampering the sound.  Some may complain the album is too slow, but this is doom metal, not thrash.  The riffs are there.  \\"Fear\\" boasts a riff that is almost doom-Slayerish (South of Heaven reminiscent maybe?), while still maintaining the Iommi signature.  In any case, we must hand it to these old-school rockers for both maintaining their characteristic sound while sounding fresh.  It is not so much that their sound has evolved, but that this sound is timeless.    This is a must have for any Iommi, Dio, or old school metal fan, as well as new fans of doom metal.  It doesn't get much better than this.
B000LXHK22|5.0|WE LOVE THIS MOVIE AND HAVE GIVEN IT AS GIFTS TOO. WE'VE WORN OUT ONE COPY AND ARE ON OUR SECOND.
B000BTC5LW|5.0|Under the influence of Pink Floyd's ability to expend the senses of the mind with their herbal influenced compositions and live light show. In the immortal words of fellow musician Greg Lake, &#34;Come and see the show&#34;.  One of the best concerts on film IMHO.
B00204AA0O|5.0|If you enjoyed the last album, then you might think this one is even better.  My pre-teen kids don't appreciate this type of music but if you like clear piano playing and a great voice singing just-for-fun songs, then this will be a treat for your ears.  Kate Bush, Tori Amos type of music.
B001FB4W16|5.0|i bought this series without knowing anything about it and all i can say is WOW! The series is amazing and it looks beautiful in blu-ray. You will not regret buying this
B001XJEKGC|5.0|I was privileged to see Blind Faith at MSG when they appeared there some 40 years ago and last year I had the opportunity to see the heart and soul of that group again!  What great luck to witness these two masters at work. And they sound better than ever. Steve's vocals, guitar ability and Hammond mastery was as wonderful as ever. I have seen him three times in the past five years and this was his best performance yet! This, perhaps due to the inspiration of playing along side his long time friend and musical genius Eric Clapton. Eric's playing was sharp, lightning fast and as melodic as he has ever put out. VooDoo Chile is to me the show stopper, but there are no weaknesses here. Not one! 'Had To Cry Today', 'Pearly Queen' and 'Mr Fantasy' also score huge. I wish they could have added 'Layla' or maybe 'Sunshine' but you can't have everything can you? Every song was well-chosen and performed to the max. They were loud that night at MSG, but the CD and DVD recordings are balanced very nicely to make it as enjoyable as being there.     Let's face it.... when Jimi Hendrix heard that they had Steve for his Electric LadyLand recordings he was as excited as a kid with a new bike. That says alot!  Don't miss this legendary performance!
1569242739|5.0|I've been nearly vegan for almost 2 years.  By that I mean, I've been vegan in just about every way except baked goods.  I'm a HUGE sweets person and am now excited to have these amazing recipes.  I think the best thing about this cookbook is that if you're a baker you most likely have all of the ingredients or can easily get them at a regular grocery store if you're not a Whole Foods shopper.  I also love that the recipes make exactly one dozen.  My boyfriend doesn't eat sweets so I make a dozen cupcakes and keep them in the refrigerator and eat one a day.  They will last over a week in the refrigerator but as they near weeks they get dry - so find a friend or neighbor to share with if you'll be the only one eating an entire batch!  Also, the recipes are simple.  I'm normally in and out of the kitchen in an hour with my cupcakes made, cooling and simply awaiting the frosting that I'll put on them a few hours later(along with my kitchen cleaned).  The book gives you great ideas for being creative and changing up the recipes that are printed which makes it fun to come up with your own stuff using the basic recipes, although the fancy cupcake recipes in the book are amazing as is.  I don't have any vegan friends so sometimes I tell people they're vegan and sometimes I don't - either way, everyone has LOVED them!  No one notices a difference between them and non-vegan cupcakes.  Be sure to take the time to read the begining of the book as there are lots of great tips and tricks for making perfect cupcakes.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I have been using a Playstation controller since the first PSX.  The biggest problem was always the top trigger buttons.      These add-on's definitely make the buttons easier to press (and not slipping).  Much more comfortable.  I think the icing on the cake is that they have the same texture and feel of the original buttons.    A must have!
B000MV8ZD6|5.0|Hilarious movie with a little blonde girl called Bob, an actor with the hairiest head and face I've ever seen and a babysitter with a lisp who calls a character called Mrs. Gittleson (?) Mrs. Gittlethon. I think Fulci was still trippin' when he made this one. Absolutely insane.. just my type of movie.
B000J10ERO|5.0|The movie came in an excellent condition.  I always order movies on Amazon because the major and small stores don't carry it all.
B000IHYY52|5.0|[[ASIN:B000IHYY52 Legends of Jazz: Showcase [Blu-ray]]]    The wonderful performance of the maestros of jazz has driven me mad by wonderful quality of image and wonderful tone quality every day.
B001EDDTGY|5.0|If the stories are to be believed, Orson Welles created CITIZEN KANE as an act of vengeance for a sleight he received from W.R. Hearst during a dinner party at the tycoon's enormous California estate. Welles supposedly included \\"Rosebud\\" in his semi-bio of Hearst to embarrass the man. This mysterious word was the publisher's nickname for an intimate body part belonging to his mistress, Marion Davies. (BTW... watch closely in the film's early snow scene for a revealing \\"Rosebud\\" hint, when young Kane hits a visitor with his beloved sled and we see the famous flower insignia on it.)<br /><br />Is this picture, as so many claim, THE GREATEST ever made? Since all art is subjective, can there ever be a single BEST motion picture, painting, statue or song? Whether or not \\"Kane\\" is numero uno, two things are certain:<br />1.) CITIZEN KANE is *classic* film making in every sense imaginable.<br />2.) Its high regard and place in cinematic history are assured, perhaps for all time.<br /><br />\\"Citizen Kane\\" is available on [[ASIN:B00003CX9E DVD]].<br /><br />Also recommended:<br /><br />The excellent HBO biopic about the creation of \\"Citizen Kane,\\" [[ASIN:0783116764 RKO 281]] (1999) features Liev Schreiber's remarkable portrayal of the enigmatic boy-director. Co-stars John Malkovich as Welles' collaborator Herman Mankiewicz, also Melanie Griffith as actress Marion Davies and James Cromwell as newspaper czar William Randolph Hearst.<br /><br />Orson labored for many years to finish his superb adaptation of Shakespeare's [[ASIN:B000ALAT64 OTHELLO]] (1952). After winning the prestigious Palme D'Or at Cannes, this film played in a limited number of American theaters, flopped badly, then disappeared. The long-presumed \\"lost\\" negative of \\"Othello\\" was finally located in New Jersey, in 1992.<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.<br /><br />(8.6) Citizen Kane (1941) - Orson Welles/Joseph Cotten/Ruth Warrick/Agnes Moorehead/Dorothy Comingore/Ray Collins/Philip Van Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)
0812932293|5.0|This is a book that has inspired me and many others. He very openly lets you have a candid look into his life. The ups and the downs. The times he was about to loose it all. At no other time in history do you have a chance to have a front row seat in watching how one person can make such a big difference in so many arenas and for our planet. Sir Richard Brandson has something to give us all, whether you are a business owner or want to become one or are happy working for a company. His message is to live life large and make a difference. Everyone should read this book.
B000BHIKRM|5.0|This videotape's editorial accurately describes it: a fine slipcase with a hinged front cover that reveals within photos and film trivia, plus a superbly clear transfer of a monumental American movie.<br /><br />If the stories are to be believed, Orson Welles created CITIZEN KANE as an act of vengeance for a sleight he received from W.R. Hearst during a dinner party at the tycoon's enormous California estate. Welles supposedly included \\"Rosebud\\" in his semi-bio of Hearst to embarrass the man. This mysterious word was the publisher's nickname for an intimate body part belonging to his mistress, Marion Davies. (BTW... watch closely in the film's early snow scene for a revealing \\"Rosebud\\" hint, when young Kane hits a visitor with his beloved sled and we see the famous flower insignia on it.)<br /><br />Is this picture, as so many claim, THE GREATEST ever made? Since all art is subjective, can there ever be a single BEST motion picture, painting, statue or song? Whether or not \\"Kane\\" is numero uno, two things are certain:<br />1.) CITIZEN KANE is *classic* film making in every sense imaginable.<br />2.) Its high regard and place in cinematic history are assured, perhaps for all time.<br /><br />\\"Citizen Kane\\" is available on [[ASIN:B00003CX9E DVD]].<br /><br />Also recommended:<br /><br />The excellent HBO biopic about the creation of \\"Citizen Kane,\\" RKO 281 (1999) features Liev Schreiber's remarkable portrayal of the enigmatic boy-director. Co-stars John Malkovich as Welles' collaborator Herman Mankiewicz, also Melanie Griffith as actress Marion Davies and James Cromwell as newspaper czar William Randolph Hearst.  ([[ASIN:0783114591 VHS]])  ([[ASIN:0783116764 DVD]])<br /><br />Orson labored for many years to finish his superb adaptation of Shakespeare's OTHELLO (1952). After winning the prestigious Palme D'Or at Cannes, this film played in a limited number of American theaters, flopped badly, then disappeared. The long-presumed \\"lost\\" negative of \\"Othello\\" was finally located in New Jersey, in 1992. ([[ASIN:6302600367 VHS]])  [[ASIN:B000ALAT64 (DVD]])<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.<br /><br />(8.6) Citizen Kane (1941) - Orson Welles/Joseph Cotten/Ruth Warrick/Agnes Moorehead/Dorothy Comingore/Ray Collins/Philip Van Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)located in New Jersey, in 1992. ([[ASIN:6302600367 VHS]])  [[ASIN:B000ALAT64 (DVD]])<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.<br /><br />(8.6) Citizen Kane (1941) - Orson Welles/Joseph Cotten/Ruth Warrick/Agnes Moorehead/Dorothy Comingore/Ray Collins/Philip Van Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)
B00005QIPH|5.0|Music doesn't get much better than this. Julian's voice is perfect. The guitars are brilliant. Nothing more to say.
0486424510|4.0|My Wife's Book Club really had a great time with Moonstone.  They discussed the book and then watched the DVD of the movie.  It was a super time for all.
1400049628|5.0|I constantly worry about wide-scale zombie outbreaks.  I habitually wonder what I would do, what actions I would take, to protect me and mine when the time comes and we find ourselves caught in the middle of an all out attack by the undead horde.  I can't tell you how many nights I've lost sleep due to the thoughts of a zombie uprising.  However, I am now able to abate my fear somewhat after thoroughly reading this book more than a dozen times.  I cannot thank you enough, Max Brooks, for taking the time to write what I believe to be the world's definitive undead protection manual.  The information within this book is more valuable than anything else I have come across.<br /><br />Before reading The Zombie Survival Guide, I don't know how many times I've been thrown out of Wal-Mart and various flea markets for attempting to dispatch a zombie, only to discover later that it was an actual living person and not a member of the undead.  The book greatly helps the reader to differentiate between the two.  I have learned that using chainsaws and shotguns are not only loud and attract more undead to my fortified location, but I will eventually run out of fuel and ammo eventually during an ongoing attack - large swords and trench spikes are the quieter way to go, and they never need a refill of gas or bullets!  Valuable information that I never gave much thought to before reading the book, and only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the vast amount of zombie combat tactics described within.<br /><br />This book is indispensable.  Don't just thumb through it; study it, learn it, KNOW IT!  After all, it's only a matter of time before the living dead rise and attack.
B001GCUNYO|2.0|Come on. Really? Because he was a 'spy' or 'fixer' or whatever, he gains superhuman skills? Picks out the guy in the video, only needs one try to find him, goes to one whorehouse and finds his daughters coat...and all the escapes!<br />I'm an action picture lover, but like someone once said \\"it doesn't have to be possible, just plausable.\\" This flick is neither.
B0026J8LHM|5.0|It's a Dream Theater album. Do I really need to say more? Dream Theater couldn't possibly make an average album, they couldn't possibly make anything other than a masterpiece and this album proves it. I really don't understand the people that don't like it... It's as if people didn't like things because they are TOO good.     I could've written a long review, but I'm speechless, I couldn't possibly describe the awesomeness of this album. I'm a songwriter and listening to it just makes me feel like my songs are total *beep* compared to the songs on it! It's really easy to understand why many people (including myself) think that Dream Theater is the best band ever!    I just read a couple of negative reviews and I have to say that some people really don't know what to say. Some say that it's generic and uninspiring, but there's absolutely nothing generic or uninspiring about it! Ok, some riffs and some melodies sound familiar, but it's almost impossible to come up with original riffs and melodies these days! Dream Theater is actually one of the few bands that can and this album has many very original riffs and melodies! Some people are just stupid. Hell, some says that it sounds commercial! What the *beep*? Just because some songs aren't very complex they're commercial? Each time that Dream Theater write a not very complex song, some people say that they sold out! How *beep* stupid.
B000JLTR8G|5.0|A Masterpiece. One of the best films of all time. Pollack captures an authentic view of real Japanese culture while mixing in the American influence. Deep, genuine and moving. Unbelievably well done for both sides of the ocean. A must see and a must have.
B00012FXAE|5.0|There is one major flaw in this film of which I am acutely aware each time I view it and yet I cannot bring myself to give it less than five stars.<br /><br />It is fifty seven years after the events in ALIEN and Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) has spent all that time in suspended animation because her escape craft, the Narcissus, drifted out of the commonly traveled space routes. Luckily for her and for us her craft was detected and picked up by a deep space salvage vessel.<br /><br />Soon she is convalescing in the hospital wing of a huge space station in Earth's orbit that did not exist in her time, everyone she knew is dead and her sleep is haunted by her experience on the Nostromo. Except for a seemingly friendly and sensitive executive named Burke from the Weyland Yutani Corporation (her employers) she is alone and worse; she is out of her time.<br /><br />With little time to recover, she soon finds herself before a skeptical and unsympathetic board of inquiry commissioned by the Weyland Yutani Corporation with her frustration at their refusal to believe her story culminating in an impassioned but insulting outcry to no avail as the case is summarily closed. She soon learns the reason for the board's skepticism. LV-426, the small planet (moon actually) on which the events of ALIEN began is being terra-formed. There are already some sixty to seventy people on the planet including whole families. The fact that they have not found the alien craft does not ease her sense of dread as she knows that the inevitable will occur.<br /><br />The inevitable comes true of course as all contact with the colonists ceases. Soon Burke and The Colonial Marines are on their way to investigate along with an initially reluctant Ripley who was asked to serve as an advisor. This is the major flaw in this film as the little she does know about the Xenomorph is explained in less than a minute and we also learn that they have a full report from her on disc. Her reason for going is both therapeutic (facing her fear) and to have her A-rating restored which was taken away from her because of her actions fifty seven years before and for psychiatric reasons. Another motive to restore her rating is because her current rating renders her unable to make a sutible living and she is in fact living in poverty.<br /><br />Like Ridley Scott before him, James Cameron spends considerable time setting up the story and drawing the audience in to what seems to be a fully fleshed out universe. The Marines with their barrack's humor are a refreshing change from the characters we met before but there is still an underlying sense of unease, I mean it's ALIENS for goodness sake and we know that at some point the jocularity is going to come to an end. Also like ALIEN the actors all come off as totally believable, a feat that I find can only be achieved in science fiction when all involved take the material seriously. The Colonial Marine ship, The Sulaco is not completely without tension however as Ripley soon discovers that Bishop is an android, a fact that does not sit well with her.<br /><br />Soon after, we find ourselves on the surface of LV-426, the atmosphere of which has been rendered breathable via the massive atmosphere processor set up and maintained by the colonists. Even here Cameron exercises restraint as he deftly teases us with the suspense of our own expectations going so far as to supply us with a little jump start, a precursor of things to come. It's all over rather quickly and things settle down luring the audience into a feeling of calm before they get swept away by the storm.<br /><br />In the second half of this film James Cameron manages to mix high action with intense suspense, a feat very few directors before him or since have been able to pull off as deftly. Like ALIEN before it, the effect ALIENS has on the viewer is the result of the time spent by both directors establishing not just the characters but the atmosphere as well. One merely needsto compare ALIEN and ALIENS to Alien vs. Predator: Requiem to fully appreciate the value of patience coupled with a healthy dose of respect for the material and the audience. By contrast, in AVP Requiem a whole nursery of newborns is killed but at that point you just don't care.  Now that's bad filmmaking.<br /><br />There a few surprises in ALIENS, all unexpected and striking yet meshing seamlessly with the rest of the film and as with ALIEN, it is rife with metaphors and subtext delivered with a carefully restrained hand rendering it enjoyable by all, in a sweaty, heart pounding, teeth gritting kind of way.<br /><br />PS. The following might dispel a common misconception for you.<br /><br />When Ripley takes the one elevator down to the basement level, it automatically goes back up once she steps out. Later when she goes back to the elevator she furiously hits the button for the one elevator to come back down, after a few seconds, in frustration and heart pounding fear, she hits the other button for the second elevator.<br /><br />Remember the elevators go back up automatically.quiem to fully appreciate the value of patience coupled with a healthy dose of respect for the material and the audience. By contrast, in AVP Requiem a whole nursery of newborns is killed but at that point you just don't care.  Now that's bad filmmaking.     There a few surprises in ALIENS, all unexpected and striking yet meshing seamlessly with the rest of the film and as with ALIEN, it is rife with metaphors and subtext delivered with a carefully restrained hand rendering it enjoyable by all, in a sweaty, heart pounding, teeth gritting kind of way.    PS. The following might dispel a common misconception for you.    When Ripley takes the one elevator down to the basement level, it automatically goes back up once she steps out. Later when she goes back to the elevator she furiously hits the button for the one elevator to come back down, after a few seconds, in frustration and heart pounding fear, she hits the other button for the second elevator.      Remember the elevators go back up automatically.
B001NFNFNU|2.0|Does one really dare to cross all the admiration of this undoubtedly heavy-handed, very american product that is  certainly familiar with the somewaht base tastes of its audience and panders to it unashamedly?    The actual story is indeed remarkable, but I was left to wonder how much of it was dramatised and not really factual.    Either way, I must add my voice of disappointment, which is aimed particularly at those who remain bent upon deifying Eastwood somewhat unjustly, who, in my opinion, has not been in top form lately, despite the opinion of his friends and public and undeserved oscars.  Of course it may ultimately be a story worth filming, if only for us to be yet again astonished at what else the human psyche is capable of inflicting on those who least deserve it.  And naturally, such a bizarre formula will find it's audience, as schlock movies do as well.       But, for me, there are just too many loose ends; improbable and melo-dramatic solutions to the story to deserve the accolades that are being showered upon it for some or other inexplicable reason.  The film lacks finesse and understanding and approaches its subject matter pandering to an unintelligent audience, which is hooked on matter that may be likened to fast food.  Of course there's nothing wrong with this if it happens to be your taste.  I simply object to it being advertised under false pretenses.     I believe that a serious film maker ultimately has a duty to guide and uplift his audience and not to merely keep it hooked on trash.   yogesh
B0015DYIH2|5.0|Not since Anne Rice have I been so enthralled by a collection.  Happily ever afters never happen, but it was refreshing that it all tied together in the best way to end the saga.  Hats off to Meyer and her completion of this set while still leaving readers in the hopes of continuing with a storyline of other characters.
0385341008|5.0|I loved this book.  The format was a nice change of pace (just letters) and yet you felt you really got to know the characters.  A good history lesson for us as well.  Easy to read, but not always easy to take.  Definitely would be a good read for a book club.  Lots to discuss.
B001AQMBKA|3.0|This is what you expect it to be. A blu-ray release of a TV show from several years ago. The video looks better than standard DVD, but its better within the limitations of the camera equipment that was used at the time.     The sound is great though. Thats really where any Blu-Ray really shines no matter what the source material.     There are extras over the DVD release. They included a bunch of promotional features that were only available on extra DVDs relaesed through retailers and media companies.     The Blu-Ray exclusive Extras are: Lost On Location \\"The Other 48 Days\\", Lost on Location \\"What Kate Did\\". There are are also five deleted scenes previously not available in the DVD: Good With Kids, Scissors, Kate's Choice, The Saw and Giving Care.    On the downside, there is no booklet or physical extras with the Discs. They don't even provide an episode list with titles in the packaging which is really annoying given the amount of content on the Discs. They also waste lots of physical space on the media to pad things out to seven discs.     Its virtue is that its cheap. There is a mail-in form included with the package for $20 back if you own the DVD version of season one or season two. After gouging people on season four, the rebates are very much appreciated.
0307266303|5.0|You do not have to be a runner to thoroughly enjoy this book.   However, if you are a person that likes to relax with a book before falling asleep, only read this book when you want to stay wide-awake.   Not only does the author take you along for a fast paced (no pun intended) trek through the pages, but he brings the people and the places to life.   The people, with all of their faults, quirks and amazing abilities; the land, which challenges these people to come and run.   Great read.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|MY ENTIRE FAMILY AND LOTS OF FRIENDS FOLLOW LOST. YOU CAN GET A LITTLE \\"LOST\\" IN LOST SO IT IS ALWAYS NICE TO HAVE THE AVAILABLE SEASONS TO REVIEW SOME DOUBTS YOU MIGHT HAVE, TRY TO ANSWER SOME QUESTIONS, ETC. IF YOU LIKE THE SHOW IT IS A MUST HAVE!
B001GKJ2FM|4.0|Loved the play, but only really liked the movie.  For one, Pierce Brosnan should never have been allowed to sing.  I know he has name recognition and sex appeal, but he just couldn't handle it.  Also, Meryl Streep is too old to be believable.  She's a great actress, and she more than held her own with the singing, but everybody knows how old she is.  Lastly, it's too bad Under Attack was cut out as it was one of my favorite songs from the play.
0307460444|2.0|Really disappointed with the book.  Most of the recipes are already on her website which are free. No new recipes from what I could tell.  The only good thing are the photos.
B001RTCP1A|4.0|I really like this movie - A LOT. Very strong leads and a compelling main story mixed with a lot of nuance (Johns the druggie, Fry trying to ditch the crew, slight religious over tones.. etc).. about all this movie needed was an alien species a little less generic and a stronger secondary cast. However, I give this movie high marks for what it is and cannot fathom how they got that fantasy hybrid mess of a sequel from this hidden gem. See Pitch Black, skip the god awful sequel.. this is Diesels best movie and best character, not to mention a very nice high definition transfer and plenty of extras, hopefully if there is a third movie they go back to the grittiness of what makes this movie shine.    8.5/10
B0027WNRIG|4.0|Released in 1983 \\"Pyromania\\" was the album that broke Def Leppard in America but primarily due to MTV's playing the videos of \\"Photograph\\", \\"Foolin'\\" and \\"Rock Of Ages\\".  Again, with Robert John \\"Mutt\\" Lange doing the producing as well as co-writing most of the songs \\"Pyromania\\" had it's share of great songs starting with the hits \\"Photograph\\", \\"Foolin'\\", \\"Rock Of Ages\\", and \\"Rock Rock (Till You Drop)\\", etc. Far more commercial than the band's 1981 album \\"High N' Dry\\" it was ex-Girl guitarist Phil Collen's debut replacing original guitarist and founder Pete Willis. \\"Pyromania\\" as already mentioned has a more commercial sound than the previous albums and unfortunately the band seems to be getting away from their NWOBHM (New Wave Of British Heavy Metal) roots. The remastering on this Deluxe Edition is far superior when compared to the older non-remastered single disc. I hear a crispness and more midrange in this newly remastered version that the older version lacked. The bonus disc (running just over seventy minutes long) from a concert in 1983 at the L.A. Forum is extremely well recorded and is a treat for Def Leppard fans as it includes not only material from \\"Pyromania\\" but from \\"High N' Dry\\" and \\"All Through The Night\\". Songs such as \\"Rock Brigade\\", \\"Wasted\\", \\"High N' Dry (Saturday Night)\\", \\"Another Hit And Run\\" and \\"Let It Go\\" have never been recorded \\"live\\" on cd or dvd for commercial release as far as this reviewer remembers so this is a first. Queen's Brian May even makes an appearance joining the band in playing the Creedence Clearwater classic \\"Travelin' Band\\" (the ending mixed with Led Zeppelin's \\"Rock And Roll\\"). The packaging of this Deluxe Edition of \\"Pyromania\\" is excellent with both discs securely mounted and there's also a fairly lengthy booklet with colorful photos of the band.  Highly recommended!h discs securely mounted and there's also a fairly lengthy booklet with colorful photos of the band.  Highly recommended!
0553381687|5.0|This is a great book for people who are looking to start a 'mid-evil esk' series.  The character development keeps you wanting to read on to the next book.
B00006RAKP|4.0|Looks like the recording company wasn't the greatest that put this CD together. The volume from song to song varies significantly, and not only is that annoying, but it's a sign of poor quality record company.
B0028SVXR6|5.0|I've listened to it three times and it's safe to say this is The Mars Volta's return to form and their best album yet. When I heard about it I was thinking \\"another rushed release? Didn't they release an album last year?\\". But then I heard this album.<br /><br />This is a PHENOMENAL release from The Mars Volta. Gone are the rushed songs, the Alvin-and-the-chipmunks vocal pitch, the \\"let's play random crap for 8 minutes\\" approach. This is on par with Amputechture as The Volta's best album yet. The only album of theirs I found disappointing was The Bedlam in Goliath. This album is freaking solid from first track to last.<br /><br />If you hated the rushed and repetitive feel of The Bedlam in Goliath as much as I do, have no fear. The Mars Volta have returned to their diverse and concentrated style. Yes there are blazing fast songs, but there are some ballads on here that are AMAZING.<br /><br />The album starts off slowly with \\"Since We've Been Wrong\\". It starts off quitely and slowly, and then gets into a ballad with beautiful melody. For 3/4 of the song there's no drums, then towards the end the drums kick in. This is an exceptional way to start off a TMV album.<br /><br />Next is \\"Teflon\\". This is an awesome song, great lyrics, very catchy, good bass line, the song leaves my ears begging for more. Like Viscera Eyes, but better.<br /><br />\\"Halo of Nembutals\\" is next. I find the more this album goes on the more I love it. Slow intro, then segueing into a very TMV-ish Mars Volta rocker. Great lyrics, awesome music... eargasm in it's own right.<br /><br />\\"With Twilight As My Guide\\" slows down the pace a bit. A very strange song, and very ear-catching. This may be the second best song on the album actually. It's very slow, has a dream-like surreal feel to it.<br /><br />Of course, each TMV album has to have the catchy 3 minute song, and \\"Cotopaxi\\" is just that. It's VERY This Apparatus Must Be Unearthed meets Inertiatic ESP. Gets my blood pumping every time, it has a very anthemic feel to it as well. I'm not surprised this is a single, it may be the new Inertiatic ESP feel to it.<br /><br />\\"Desperate Graves\\" is the album's best song, it's an awesome 5 minute epic that makes you think \\"THIS is Mars Volta!\\". No words to describe this song... it's an epic and magical song.<br /><br />\\"Copernicus\\" is next. It's a slow 7 minute ballad, it has that \\"stranded in the desert at nightfall\\" vibe to it. Great vocals, awesome musicianship.<br /><br />Then the closer, \\"Luciforms\\". I never thought The Mars Volta would make a closer that rivals \\"Take The Veil Cerpin Taxt\\", and they just so happened to have done that. 8 minutes, it's very surreal, and I LOVE the piano! It just adds that vibe to it. What a great way to close a different album.<br /><br />I know those expecting \\"De-Loused\\" part 2 will think \\"Oh no, Amputechture all over again\\". Personally, I love it. It's WAY better than TBIG, it's more dynamic, ALL the songs are worthy of repeat value. I'm so buying the physical copy!<br /><br />This is a different direction for the Volta, and I LOVE it. Apparently the next album has been recorded. My advice to Omar: RELEASE IT!!!!! NOW!!!!!!ed this is a single, it may be the new Inertiatic ESP feel to it.     \\"Desperate Graves\\" is the album's best song, it's an awesome 5 minute epic that makes you think \\"THIS is Mars Volta!\\". No words to describe this song... it's an epic and magical song.     \\"Copernicus\\" is next. It's a slow 7 minute ballad, it has that \\"stranded in the desert at nightfall\\" vibe to it. Great vocals, awesome musicianship.     Then the closer, \\"Luciforms\\". I never thought The Mars Volta would make a closer that rivals \\"Take The Veil Cerpin Taxt\\", and they just so happened to have done that. 8 minutes, it's very surreal, and I LOVE the piano! It just adds that vibe to it. What a great way to close a different album.     I know those expecting \\"De-Loused\\" part 2 will think \\"Oh no, Amputechture all over again\\". Personally, I love it. It's WAY better than TBIG, it's more dynamic, ALL the songs are worthy of repeat value. I'm so buying the physical copy!     This is a different direction for the Volta, and I LOVE it. Apparently the next album has been recorded. My advice to Omar: RELEASE IT!!!!! NOW!!!!!!
B001DSNELA|5.0|I've never been too crazy about the James Bond movies because they always seem to slavishly adhere to a well-worn formula without never exploring the character of Bond and what drives him to do what he does. CASINO ROYALE finally allows us to glimpse into the dark soul of MI6's Agent 007 and in the process gives us the best Bond movie yet and the greatest screen incarnation of the iconic secret agent as played by Daniel Craig in what will become, as it did for every actor who has come before him, his signature role. CASINO ROYALE reboots the Bond series and updates it to post-9/11 modern times simultaneously. The result is a mature and gripping spy adventure that in its more quiter moments often invites comparison to the works of John Le Carre and Graham Greene with the same emphasis on interesting characters and their motivations. But that's not to say CASINO ROYALE skimps on the fireworks. There's plenty of great action sequences including two that might make your jaw drop: the opening action beat finds Bond chasing a scarred bombmaker on foot through Madagascar including an extended confrontation atop a high-steel construction site and makes wonderous use of the French free-running sport of Parkour; and a car chase where Bond's tricked-out spymobile does a few pretty frightening flips. The most suspenseful moments are the poker table duels between Bond and his blood-weeping adversary Le Chiffre (played by the great Danish actor Mads Mikkelsen with a subdued madness). Who would have ever thought Texas Hold 'Em could be so edge-of-the-seat thrilling? As 007's ice-cool boss M Dame Judi Dench is the only returning cast member from the previous Pierce Brosnan Bond flicks but she's given a real character to play this time around and her relationship with Craig's Bond carries genuine weight. Eve Green does some of her best acting to date as Vesper Lynd, the one woman capable of capturing Bond's elusive heart. Captain Kirk had Carol Marcus, Bond has Vesper. Jeffrey Wright and Giancarlo Gianni provide stand-out performances as two of Bond's unlikely colleagues. CASINO ROYALE is not only the best Bond movie yet but it's also one of the most ripping yarns cranked out by Hollywood in recent years. Let's hope they don't let the series to get out of hand....again.
B00024I2Z4|5.0|This is such a great movie, my 3 year old watches it everyday and I can also sit there and watch it over and over.
B0000VCZKM|5.0|My daughter's 10th birthday is coming up and she is a big Annie fan and loves the movie. This will be her best birthday present at her party.
157912626X|3.0|Great read for a rainy afternoon, however... There is a major flaw in this book. Don't read below if you haven't yet read it. Also, too many investigators (Inspector Slack, Superintendent Harper, Colonel Melchett, Sir Henry Clithering) plus Miss Marple, who comes across as more spinsterish than usual in this novel.    ***SPOILER***clue  (Josie's ankle, which I picked up on right away. If she had indeed damaged her ankle, how could she have carried a body? If she hadn't hurt her ankle, why did she bring in Ruby Keene to replace her? Big hmm...)
0061767581|5.0|i had to fight myself really hard to not finish the book in a day, but i got half way through it the first night i started reading! the curiosity just keeps you flipping the pages, wanting to know what really goes on behind the cameras of this 'reality' show. this is definitely a good summer read and especially great to get teens to do something other than go to the mall.
B001PPLKI0|4.0|These recordings have been released several times over the years & although this collection has less tracks per disc than some others it makes up for that with the excellent sound quality. I have the \\"Amazing Grace\\" 2 CD set & this is far superior in the sound department. For some reason \\"Miracle of the Rosary\\" was omitted (no explanation in the booklet) & \\"If I can dream\\" is included, even though it is not a religious song.     The last 3 tracks are home recordings & the sound quality naturally dips here as these were probably recorded on a primative cassette player. \\"crying in the chapel\\" has never sounded so good & fans who are not familiar with this material are in for a treat. Elvis could turn his hand to almost any type of song but it's obvious that these are heart felt performances. Recommended, although the packaging leaves something to be desired. Every disc had some marks due to the clumsy storage provided.     I have heard that there are plans underway to put out the entire catalogue on DSD remastered CDS. I hope Vic Anesini is involved as he was here as he has done a great job on this & other Evis CDS he has worked on.
B0028SVXR6|2.0|As someone who's become more and more disappointed with each subsequent The Mars Volta release, perhaps I should stop buying and, at the very least, reviewing their new albums. I'm afraid to say that, after becoming acquainted with the band several years ago upon hearing their EP, Octahedron is the last straw in a long series of disappointments that started with Francis the Mute but didn't fully realize until the last moments of Amputecture faded out. It's time for me to move on.<br /><br />While this album, dubbed rather inaccurately as the \\"acoustic\\" album by some fans, is definitely on par with Bedlam and better than Amputecture, it's decidedly average. My favorite thing about disc is that it has done away with the minutes and minutes of \\"noise\\" and \\"sounds\\" that seem to infect most The Mars Volta albums (Bedlam, of course, being the biggest offender). However, despite those changes being for the better, the highs of the previous album aren't here, albeit the same lows aren't either.<br /><br />The first three tracks are undeniably good. Since We've Been Gone, Teflon, and Halo are catchy and a nice change of pace from what's been the TMV norm, lately. However, the album takes a nose dive at track four and, unfortunately, never really recovers. The last half of the disc is spent dragging, with sparse moments of intensity that pull everything up a little bit but can't help but seem kind of irrelevant when compared to what's waiting in the rest of the discography.<br /><br />I give this album a 2 out of 5 stars; not because it's bad compared to what else is out there (it's average), but because it's bad compared to what we all know The Mars Volta are capable of. The Mars Volta have lost a tiny bit of the punk-fueled prog intensity they started out with on each album, and on \\"Octahedron\\" what little remained seems all but dried up. The Mars Volta, unfortunately, have become lukewarm; and that is something I'm not sure they'll ever recover from.
B00004RYFV|5.0|This was a used DVD but in GREAT shape and not one single problem... Wonderful way to save money... Buy a movie that someone else already watched....
B001H5X7I4|5.0|This movie is so funny, it is a must if you love Ben Stiller and Jack Black- and the characters that Tom Cruise and Robert Downy Jr. play are totally unrecognizable from the actors.  Amazing.  The movie is raunchy in parts, but really great.
0307266303|5.0|I've never reviewed a book on amazon before; I feel strongly enough about this one to over come my laziness. My very favorite book; I'm going to make my fiance read it and then read it again myself. A whole new outlook on running and purpose. And I have started running barefoot. Thanks Oso!
044024367X|5.0|<Since writing my review, I've read later reviewers who think politics is responsible for this book's getting such an unusually low rating here. I agree.> This is a fine Reacher novel, somewhere among the seven best out of his present thirteen. It's deliberately slow-paced, and that's clear from the first two chapters. Reacher's opinions on the Iraq war occur on at most three pages and occupy at most ten sentences. They are to the general effect that some ground troops are cynical about the war's righteousness. This notion has some relevance to a subplot, but is infinitely far from making the novel political, and it is not at all inconsistent with the Reacher who quit his own military career in part because of a similar cynicism, mixed, as military cynicism often is, with real idealism about his career in general. The villain is a bit like a James Bond villain, but his way of deflecting suspicion by letting Reacher examine his entire operation is interesting and well done. The Reacher stories never aimed at plausibility in the first place, and readers must be incredibly thirsty for action who say they could barely get through a novel in which Reacher fights bullies at six-to-one odds, three times climbs an unclimbable wall, and explodes an amazing amount of acreage. This is a very slightly more intellectual Reacher novel than most, maybe five percent calmer, brilliantly done and with new elements of mystery and contemplation. Some readers have dropped their rating from five stars to one! So I've raised mine from four to five. Don't be afraid to take this book on a plane; it will do the job just as well as any of the others.
B0026J8LHM|5.0|The release of each new Dream Theater album seems to excite best ever / mediocre / sell out calls in equal measure. Black Clouds and Silver Linings is neither a return to form or a sell out to current trends. Nor is it just a gap filler until inspiration returns. For those who have ears to hear this album will thrill, move and inspire and, in my opinion, is worthy of your attention. This is also true of the superb 2nd disc in the Deluxe Edition that contains some wonderful re-interpretations of some of the raw material that has fueled their creativity. 2 years after the release of Systematic Chaos I am still finding new pleasure in listening. I have every confidence that Black Clouds and Silver linings will reward the same attention over the coming months. There are very few bands who dare to put this much effort into a release, paying homage to their multifarious influences while ploughing their own unique furrow. From first experiencing Dream Theater's passionate output in the claustrophobic confines of Glasgow's Cat House back in 1993 to this lastest offering Dream Theater's mission has been clear and unwavering: the creation of a musical universe where fresh energy and depth are there to be discovered. I for one am deeply thankful.
B001AP11L6|4.0|Like most white stripes albums, Elephant has great songs and weak songs.  They have a great writing ability but the performance is, sometimes lacking.  Overall, though, I'm a big fan.
B001BKG9SK|5.0|Fantastic!  The studio songs were as powerful as was the live concert series.  You get to see some very talented people working for perfection.
0316154687|5.0|David Sedaris is so wonderfully funny and delightful to read that you will put down whatever book you are currently reading to give his book When You Are Engulfed In Flames a fast fun read! My dear friend suggested wearing depends while reading because one might wet their pants from giggling and laughing so much, I have to agree with her. Caution do not drink beverages while reading this book because they are sure to shoot out your nose while you turn the pages! Got it? Read it and have one of the best afternoons ever reading.
B0012GMVG2|4.0|What a wonderful reprise of the early 80's from a group that is named after the little dog in \\"The Wizard of Oz.\\" The most popular song  on the disc, \\"Africa,\\" is the 80's answer to the \\"The Lion Sleeps Tonight\\" by the Tokens from the 60's, the 50's \\"Wimoweh\\" by Seeger and S. Linda's \\"Mbube\\" of the 30's. With sophisticated rhythms and harmonies, Toto provides good melodies, interesting lyrics and bright, competent production. The album is also a journey through grief about a break-up, so be prepared.     The album starts with \\"Rosanna\\" expressing disbelief that a love affair with Roseanne Arquette, the most eligible bachelorette of Toto's time has ended. The next track is a window on a process of denial - \\"Make Believe\\" as in \\"make believe we are in love again.\\" Then comes the pain and guilt stage, \\"realizing how much I am to blame\\" in  \\"I Won't Hold You Back.\\" There is an attempt at bargaining, with a suggestion the jilted lover could be \\"Good for You.\\"  The furtive and dark visions of depression and loneliness dominate \\"It's a feeling.\\"  Expressions of fear accompany acceptance of the end of one affair and the need to start another in the next two songs. Ambivalence about a new entanglement and the dread of rejection by a new lover begin with \\"Afraid of Love\\" and dominates \\"Lovers in the Night.\\"  But alas there is an upturn or light at the end of the tunnel, Despite the mistakes in this new affair, \\"We Made It\\" celebrates overcoming the problems and the continuation of the new relationship. \\"Waiting for Your Love\\" demonstrates the maturity developed in this journey from broken relationship to a new, deeper, and more expressive love.     Oddly the most popular song on the album does not fit this progression-- or maybe it does. \\"Africa\\" details a choice between a lover's attachment to a woman versus Africa. The song implies that the lover will be rejecting his woman and \\"salvation\\" to stay on the continent. On the other hand, though the song says that one hundred men could not drag him away from Africa, there is the chance that one woman might. But who can tell, when the author laments not \\"taking the time to do the things we never have.\\" What ever the words mean, \\"Africa\\" is a beautiful blend of native and rock and roll instruments and a haunting melody.     The album is occasionally over-done with some odd lyrics and the occasional weak melody carried by production shine. However, \\"Africa\\" is a classic and the rest is good listening. After all, \\"who says the paper moon don't shine.\\"
B001GQACGO|4.0|I have listened to B since back in the day with Destiny's Child and have remained to be a fan of her music. I can agree with someone of you that some of the songs on this song may not be catchy or are \\"different\\" etc  (comparing it to Dangersouly in Love and B-Day) BUT there still are several decent songs in my opinion. For some songs I questioned I just saw her on Sunday night in New York City at Madison Square Garden and she put my mind to rest on those songs.
B000YAA68C|5.0|This was a wonderful movie but you may need a few tissues to get you through it.  It's really touching and you won't be disappointed with the story line.  It's about a couple deeply in love and the husband dies leaving her to find her way without him.  It's moving, funny, adventurous, touches on mother/daughter conflicts, and, of course, romance.  This is one I will watch again and again.
B0006MT314|5.0|I love this CD it has some excellent songs from the TV show.  It lives in my car and is constantly swapped between the other two soundtracks from One Tree Hill.  Cheers
1400032717|3.0|What initially drew me to this book was the fact that the narrator is an Autistic teen and I have experience working with a similar population of students at my school. Mark Haddon's depiction of Christopher, the story's protagonist, is sympathetic, honest, and in my experience true to life. The social delays, violent outbursts, and need for an ordered, structured environment are all characteristics which are associated with many autism-spectrum disorders. I also felt that Haddon did an excellent job of portraying the chaos and over-stimulation that many autistic individuals can experience in loud crowded settings. All this aside, the story left something to be desired. What was billed as a quirky whodunit on the dustcover turned out to be much more about a broken dysfunctional family and a young man's struggle to make sense of it all. One of the saving graces of the book was that is was a very quick read. Overall, this was a nice book to pick up between larger, longer books and it had some good insights into individuals who struggle with autism and into life in general. Recommended.
B002ECE71A|1.0|I have been anxiously awaiting kindle versions for Ayn Rand's novels and so far I am really disappointed.  Like other books that have been Kindled the formatting for Fountainhead is awful.  It is actually so bad that it is difficult to read the book.  I do not understand why there is not better quality control when copying books to the kindle format.  I had the same problem when I downloaded a version of Anthem.  Luckily there were several Kindle versions of that book and I was eventually able to download a more readable one.  Unfortunately as of now there is only one version of Fountainhead.  Unless you are desperate to read Fountainhead on the Kindle I would wait until a better formatted version comes along.  (Oh and there is no table of contents and no cover.)
B001U6YI92|5.0|If you've seen the movie, then you know what you get.  The picture is greatly restored.  I haven't made it through all of the bonus features yet, but the few I have were interesting (including the brief look at the process of restoration and the extended Tuco torture scene and information about a deleted Tuco scene).  This 3-hour movie is as good now as when I first saw it.  Buy this and you won't be disappointed.
B000083C49|5.0|My family had an old copy of this movie that we taped off the TV ages ago, and we watched it over and over until the tape started falling apart.  Now I've bought the fancy edition for my parents as a gift, and while I was at it I bought myself a copy too.  So now whenever any of us want to see a starship crew save the whales and try to navigate the primitive 20th century, we can!  I particularly love the funny moments; there are some great ones with each of the characters.  Like Spock versus the punk on the bus, or Scotty versus an ancient computer.  Great stuff, and a good message to boot.  This movie wins in all regards.
B00297FEUI|5.0|I was one of those film score buffs who went berserk back in 2007 when Jablonsky's stunning score for the first Transformers was not released. Fortunately, that omission was quickly addressed and has not been repeated with the second film.    I was nervous before acquiring the score. The first one was so good -- how, I wondered, would Jablonsky pay homage to the original without copying it too closely, and without going too far away from those roots? I've been a huge fan of Hans Zimmer and his fellow posse of composers for many years, so my confidence was high -- but still, I knew it was a tall order.    I shouldn't have stressed. Jablonsky came through in spades. For this project, there was a new Linkin' Park song (\\"New Divide\\") created, and with the reported assistance of Zimmer, Jablonsky integrated the instrumental melody of \\"New Divide\\" into the score on Track 3 (\\"Nest\\"). There is the expected driving, pounding, energizing music in this score, and it works very, very well. But there is also much, much more depth and forethought.    Take Track 2, for example (\\"Einstein's Wrong\\"). It starts off with the rather comical sound from the first film that represented some of the more lighthearted moments (Sam at school, on the pink bike, arriving at the lake uninvited, etc.). But then it becomes something much deeper, with a chorus singing in the high ranges -- it's remarkable.     Another extremely pleasant surprise was the use of a talented female solo singer (Lisbeth Scott) in very much the same style that Zimmer used Lisa Gerrard for Gladiator, \\"Injection\\" from M:I-2, etc. The use of the solo singer begins in Track 6 of this disc (\\"Infinite White\\") and is used at various points from there in. I was also pleased to see that guitarist Heitor Perrera was brought back in to work on another Zimmer-team score. It's been too long since he graced such a score!    In short -- this is a fantastic, well thought out score. It is an easy favorite, and now I really can't wait tosee the film. Kudos, Jablonsky and team!
0307266303|5.0|This is not only a story about a race but about running, what it has become for many of us and what it ought to be. It is about joy of using our nature given ability to go far without modern gadgets and overpriced shoes.   It was a difficult book to put down but then I had to go for a run.
0316168815|4.0|I thought THE LOVELY BONES was very well structured and very well written. I found Ms. Sebold's prose quite lyrical and the storyline quite intriguing.  The author was able to take what lesser writers would turn into a silly sappy story and turn it into fine literature.  I read this book in less than 2 days, so it's a very fast read.  This book however, is not without its flaws. Some of the language used and word choices (pestle, riving, obsequious, acquisitive, fetid, accretion, etc.) a fourteen year old girl would NEVER think of using and especially in the context of her storytelling. I realize there is some literary license, but that stretches into cynical and incredulity.      The other problem I had was Ms. Sebold, never explained upfront, why Susie was able to be omniscient and go into the heads of the characters on earth and not only explain to us (the reader) what those characters were thinking, but go back in time into their childhoods to try and explain why they are the way they are today.  I especially had a difficult time with that regarding Mr. Harvey as well as Ray's parents.  That was never explained to us up front about her ability to read people's minds, or for her to be able to go back in time and understand the psychology of the person. I also wanted to learn more about heaven and get into why she saw her grandfather, but never touched on it again.  Does he look the way he did when he died? Is he more youthful?  And why did Grandma Lynn not track Susie down upon dying, yet Holiday the dog was there immediately?  Small things, yes, but again, it would have made the story even more complete for me.    The other strange moment in the book occurred rather late, when Ms. Sebold chose to have Susie descend from heaven and for a short time live inside of Ruth's body, so that she can finally experience physical love with Ray.  It's difficult enough to find the entire story plausible and I thought Alice Sebold did a credible job up until that time. I thought that chapter was completely unnecessary.    If I could give half stars then I would have given this book 3.5 stars.  But I found it better than 3 and not quite 4. Overall, I would recommend this book to others.
B00297FEUI|5.0|this score is one of my many favorites with the first transformers score i was so excited to see this was comming out 1 day before the movie, so we all didnt have to wait 5 months for like the first one i cant wait to see it later tonight hope everyone else likes the movie:-D
B000E5N62U|3.0|Having been into Steely Dan since 1976, I really want to like everything these guys do. Well, I still like most of what they do, but this is my second-least favourite of all the Dan albums and the 3 Fagen albums. Nightfly, I will always love. Kamakiriad, I like one or two tracks. Morph has taken me a couple of years to get into. Now I REALLY like H Gang (in fact I think it is a great tune) and What I Do. I am trying to like some of the others but it ain't happening. Sigh. Whatever Donald I will still love your music forever.
1416562605|5.0|Intriguing story, written in an unusual way which allows you (the reader) to question the sanity of the narrator and to wonder how about it all really turned out. Recommended.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|At first I wasnt sure about watching this show Now Im really glad I did It is scary but It is also funny and very entertaing I would recconmend any1 to watch this A PLUS
0307266303|5.0|Inspiring book, written with a good sense of humour. Makes me want to run and run and run.    Would recommend this to anyone. It starts a wee bit slow, but is a page turner.
B0028SVXR6|4.0|There seem to be quite a number of negative statements of this album, usually in the vein of \\" ... it is nothing like their old music.\\" While I think it is okay to reference the band's previous material, it is unfair to use it as the sole basis for a review. Judge this album on its own merits (or lack there of).    Octahedron is a very introspective and somber album. Several of the tracks remind me - both sonically and compositionally - of the first time I heard the song \\"No Quarter\\" by Led Zeppelin. There is a quiet mood induced by the music, replete with melodious tranquility, yet with an unrelenting underpinning of tension that always left me on edge. There is a constant tug and push between the softer, more thoughtfully chosen melodies, and the rhythmically-driven, electrically-charged passages. Add to the mix the dark (at times less-than-desirable) lyrics and you get an album that challenges you mentally, emotionally and aurally.    While I think there are several excellent tracks on this album, there are also a couple that suffer by compare. And when the entire album has a run-time of only 50 minutes, even two weak tracks can severely dampen the album in its entirety, making it hard to justify the purchase price.    The good news is that based on several of the one and two star reviews I have seen, I have no doubt there will be a stockpile of used copies of Octahedron available, which just might make the album worth its price.
B0012QE4Q2|1.0|There is really nothing more I can say about the book nor the movie that hasn't already been said.  I read the book, said I would never watch the movie.  Well the movie came on public TV so I took a chance.      I never pay attention to what the guide says about movies because I have found that many times my opinion differs.  This time the guide said the movie was a soap opera.  I should have paid attention to the guide.  However I did watch the whole movie because I felt the challenge to try to remember what the book said so I could figure out what was going on in the movie.      No to you purist this is not a review, but it is an expression of an opinion.
B000009HF2|5.0|1.  I presume that each generation has a quintessential live album (example: Beatles @ Hollywood Bowl in the 60s), but this album is definitely the live album of the 70s and perhaps beyond.<br /><br />2.  The audio, even when listened today, sounds great.  The performance is inspired, the song selection is classic.  Even having Bill Graham introduce Frampton is a classic.  The entire album is just pure gold.
0425166805|5.0|I read this book when it first came out.  Over the years, I have encouraged many people to read this book.  Alot of research went into the creation of it and the author certainly gives the reader pause in his tangible theory.  Long before the book was written, I thirst for plausible explanation of \\"Jacobs Ladder\\" and \\"THE WHEEL\\" mentioned in The Old Testament of THE BIBLE.  Not too long after the book was published, a movie was produced to capitalize on the \\"rage\\" and the movie I would never suggest to anyone, it was boring and a real \\"turn-off.\\"  A good timeless read decades after its initial publication!
0385340575|4.0|\\"Please, my brothers, do not act wickedly.\\" -- Genesis 19:7<br /><br />The best Reacher novels start with him being in an ordinary situation late at night when something out of the ordinary happens. Because of his exceptional training, Reacher notices that there's a problem and intercedes where others would miss the issue or simply ignore it. As a result, he then becomes entangled into a complex situation where many people have very evil motives.<br /><br />The good news is that Gone Tomorrow has such a fine beginning. It's fun!<br /><br />The bad news is that Gone Tomorrow doesn't build on the beginning as well as it might have. The story behind the beginning will disappoint many readers . . . and the ultimate twists will seem more than a little far fetched . . . and tacked on without enough foundation.<br /><br />Overall, the book manages to rise above the mundane after the satisfying beginning due to having many classic Reacher scenes such as ones that use his instincts and experience to find solutions to difficult situations . . . including the kind of \\"Reacher-takes-on-the-world\\" scenes that all Lee Child fans love.<br /><br />I hope that in his next book Mr. Child will try to give us lots of good detection and action sequences in a very credible plot rather than trying to overwhelm the book with plot developments that over reach and stretch credibility too far.
B0026J8LHM|4.0|DT's last few albums (Octavarium and Systematic Chaos) were pretty much forgettable after a year, though I did enjoy them in their own right, so it's nice to hear that they still \\"have it.\\"  This is the most I've initially enjoyed a DT album since Train of Thought, with one exception (see below).    I thoroughly enjoyed 5 of the songs of this album, particularly \\"The Shattered Fortress\\" (nice way to wrap up the AA Suite or whatever Portnoy is calling it) and the last song, \\"The Count of Tuscany,\\" which is a fantastic song and easily one of the best songs they've written in a loooong time.  It will definitely be in my top 5 DT songs of all time, cheesy lyrics and all.  It brought a smile to my face so many times upon the first listen and I personally think the lyrics are great, very tongue in cheek.  I think this is one of the few times for DT that the lyrics actually fit what's going on in the song thematically (other good examples being \\"Learning to Live\\", \\"Scarred\\", \\"A Change of Seasons\\").  \\"The Count of Tuscany\\" alone is worth the price of the album.    We all know that DT lyrics have never been all that good, and they never will be, so what's the point in complaining.  I don't listen to them for life-changing lyrics.  It's obvious Petrucci and Portnoy will continue to be the lyricists, just like they will continue to produce, because they like to be in control.    There is one bad spot on this album, though... \\"The Best of Times\\" is not a very good song.  This has nothing to with it's subject matter; I respect Portnoy's right to pen a song about his late father.  But the song as a whole just doesn't work on this album; it's very personal and feels completely out of place - the subject matter and musical style is very different from the rest of the album and distances me.  The first half of the song is decent, very reminiscent of Images & Words material, almost like a Rush tribute, but the second half of the song just drags for 7 minutes.  It sounds very lazy compared to the rest of the album, almost as if they were in the middle of recording when he found out about his father, and they cobbled together a quick song, tossed a tear-inducing violin on top of it and threw it on the album.  Maybe I'm soulless, I don't know... but it just didn't work for me.    It's very interesting... one of my least favorites DT songs (Best of Times) followed by one of my now-favorite DT songs (Count of Tuscany).    But anyway, I think most DT fans will enjoy this album.  It's very solid overall and much better than the last few.
B001SMC91M|4.0|It's hard not to repeat what so many others have already said - Stax, James Brown, etc.  If you know those names, you have a very good idea where this music's soul is coming from.  Infuse that with the attitude brought by produce Jim Eno (from the indie band Spoon) and you have something very special.  It's soul music with a gritty style that makes it work in today's world.  What's even better is that it works across generations - I, 36, fell in love with it and also got my dad, 30 years older, hooked on it.<br /><br />Short and *sweet* - 30 minutes - but don't let that miniscule playing time deter you.  It just gives you more opportunity to replay this addictive album.  You're going to want to hear this one again and again.
B000K7VHQ4|5.0|The Illusionist tells a story of love triumphing over the themes of class differences, power, and how pride can doom a person. Eisenheim the Illusionist (Edward Norton) and Duchess  Sophie Van Teschan (Jessica Biel) were childhood friends until her family sensed that her royal blood was getting too close to a common cabinet makers son forcibly separated the two, presumably never to meet again. Fifteen years later Duchess Sophie has become engaged to  Crown Prince Leopold (Rufus Sewell), who is more becoming of her royal bloodlines than Eisenheim would have been. Eisenheim is a successful illusionist bringing wonder and mystery to the masses. One night at a show, Leopold cowardly volunteers Sophie as a volunteer in one of Eisenheim's illusions. Eisenheim recognizes her quickly and their friendship is rekindled having never really drowned fifteen years before, much to the dismay and nervousness of Leopold.<br /><br />As Sophie and Eisenheim grow closer together, Leopold becomes concerned because he needs Sophie's hand in marriage because her family is the ruling family of Hungary, whose backing he needs to overthrow his father and seize power for himself. Therefore, he sends Chief Inspector Uhl (Paul Giamatti) to investigate the activities of Eisenheim and Sophie. Having heard tales of the Crown Prince's murderous temper and desperate to be with his love, Eisenheim cooks up his greatest illusion yet. First Sophie tells Leopold that she's leaving him, thusly ending any chance Leopold has of carry out his power ladden, ruthful, ambitions. Angered by the news, a drunken Leopold takes vengeance on Sophie fatally stabbing her and leaving Eisenheim to grieve over the duchess body.<br /><br />As Uhl conducts an investigation that seems to point everywhere but at the Prince because Uhl stands to be head of police in a Leopold Monarchy if he takes power, lucrative position for the son of a butcher, Prince Leopold begins to loose control having had his ambitions ruined by a common Illusionist and takes heavy to the drink and begins to drift slowly out of his mind, driven to madness by Eisenheim's last trick and carefully placed clues which has the ghost of Sophie appear out of thin air and revel Prince Leopold as the man who killed her. With his career in ruins and his pride tragically fallen, Leopold takes his own life as Uhl begins to unravel the mysteries of his Eisenheim's greatest illusion, finding the pride and gumption to stand up to a desperate Leopold in his last grasps of power.<br /><br />Great acting by Giamatti, Norton, and Jessica Biel surprised me in this one as well. Most Underrated movie of 2007.and takes heavy to the drink and begins to drift slowly out of his mind, driven to madness by Eisenheim's last trick and carefully placed clues which has the ghost of Sophie appear out of thin air and revel Prince Leopold as the man who killed her. With his career in ruins and his pride tragically fallen, Leopold takes his own life as Uhl begins to unravel the mysteries of his Eisenheim's greatest illusion, finding the pride and gumption to stand up to a desperate Leopold in his last grasps of power.     Great acting by Giamatti, Norton, and Jessica Biel surprised me in this one as well. Most Underrated movie of 2007.
1573228737|5.0|...and it is indeed! Ms Waters' erudition surpasses anything I have ever imagined. I have seen the adaptation of this great work on DVD, and I must say that in unison with the book, Affinity leaves one completely exhausted, haunted, and with a heart full of emotions one cannot describe sometimes.  Someone already wrote that unless you are looking for an erotic novel(this is not in the least), Affinity will give you a lot more than just the physical closeness between two women, it is about love, it is about longing, it is about trying to find your own identity, your own affinity.    This is a definite \\"must\\" read!
B001AVEJ1Y|3.0|(ed.- heading back to work right after catching the new Star Trek, the entire staff of The Rotten Review became trapped in an iso-dimensional rift - us and our counterparts of a parallel-but-evil alternate universe.  There we found that differences in our attitudes went beyond a preference for beards.  Inexplicably, the RR staff of our \\"goody\\" universe won a drinking contest and the right to post its side of the Trek review first.  Review follows.)    THE GOOD UNIVERSE SAYS:  A Star Trek \\"prequel\\" movie has been in the works for years - offering us a glimpse of McCoy, Kirk, Spock & Scotty as they first met; Uhura finally getting her first name on screen, Checkov learning his www's, Kobayashi Maru, Orion girls and yet another iteration of Starship Enterprise.    The flick opens w/a bang.  Starfleet officer Kirk of the starship Kelvin sacrifices himself when his ship comes under attack by a much larger ship belonging to Romulans.  Among the survivors are Kirk's wife who marks the solemn moment by giving birth to a boy, James Tiberius.  Years later, JT is your typical thrill kill teen, who careens across the plains of Iowa in an antique Corvette, and then on a motorcycle.  He enjoys loud music, and destroying other people's property.  A few years later, after a chance meeting with Starfleet Captain Pike, an older Kirk is inspired to enlist with Starfleet.  We also meet young Spock, an outcast among Vulcan youths because of his maternal-human lineage.  (Vulcan devotion to logic, as The Animated Series demonstrated, never means you can't be racist.)  When an adult Spock learns that his half-human descent is also a bone of contention among the sage Vulcans of the vaunted Vulcan Science Academy, Spock turns down their offer to join them, decamping for Starfleet, and destiny.  A few years after that, Cadet Kirk finds himself facing expulsion from The Academy due to his cheating on The Kobayashi Maru - his accuser is the simulation's designer: Commander Spock.  Before that can be finalized however, Starfleet is mobilized to fend off an attack on planet Vulcan.  With the help of Leonard McCoy, Kirk weasels his way aboard the Enterprise, and finds himself embroiled in the continued conflict that began with his father's death year's earlier - one that bends time and space.  He meets an embittered Romulan named Nero (Eric Bana) and finds hints of his own future greatness.      SO HOW WAS IT?  (The Rotten Review of the Good Universe)  We loved it.  After slogging through torpid and high-minded TNG movies like \\"Nemesis\\" and having to endure different incarnations of what was basically the same show (TNG, Voyager, Enterprise) we thought Trek would never find a different direction.  The New Trek has gorgeous sets, brilliant and dynamic cinematography and refreshingly technobabble-free dialog.  Space, which had been reduced to the province of interstellar cruise ships in the era of \\"The Next Generation\\", is now refreshingly dangerous, alive with energy - \\"The Final Frontier\\" is back!!      Matchless visuals convey the velocity and mass of different ships, showing how widely the scale can change during interstellar encounters (as late as Nemesis, Trek could do no better than move spaceships from one side of the screen to the other, with their scale almost always fixed, always reminding us that we were looking at models, whether tangible or CGI).    A perfectly pitched script keeps the action flowing without stopping to remind the audience of the Trek universe's excess baggage.  The characters inhabit their roles w/o simply doing impressions of their more iconic selves.  We don't have to rely on all that Trekkie knowledge of the characters' back story - they're all in \\"Undiscovered Country\\" now.  We even get some interesting twists (eg - when Kirk loses \\"the girl\\" to somebody else).    The 21st century has seen other sci-fi franchises get a long deserved reboot, and Trek has finally gotten its chance.    BUT!!!!    THE ROTTEN REVIEW FROM THE EVILUNIVERSE ASKS:    Do movies in your \\"good universe\\" get by without characters having unique motivation, without original stories or any story at all?      The new Trek movie suggests that to be the case.  Despite a bag of tricks and a 7-year gap since the last movie (not forgetting that the last movie was \\"Nemesis\\"), the new Trek can't cover up the fact that it's not really about anything, going through the motions typical for franchise-prequels, giving us back story we already knew about, and using as its main plot (an embittered alien out for revenge) an idea already old hat in Trekdom.  It's the Trek Movie About Nothing.  With my 6 year old sitting next to me (in our evil universe, tickets and popcorn are free if you bring children along) I kept worrying that he'd grow board, wondering when the story would start.  I then realized that the story HAD started, having snuck up on me (the script comes with its own cloaking device).      Nothing much happens, and the story never really connects the dots in a meaningful way - BAD Romulans appear and Starfleet mobilizes against them.  Kirk is the son of a hero, but he starts off as a reckless teen with no plans for the future.  He's the last guy who you'd see joining Starfleet - then he ends up going to the academy anyway; the whole wayward youth part of his life proves so irrelevant to his future, that the only reason the story includes it is to have the obligatory \\"bar fight\\".  Captain Pike notes that Kirk's aptitude is off the chart - we have to be told that because he does nothing else to demonstrate that, and if we didn't know of Captain Kirk we'd wonder why the story has any interest in him at all.  It's not so much that he doesn't think according to the book - the story doesn't have him thinking that much at all and, except for some great fight scenes, doesn't so much of anything.  He's bold & beautiful, and that's all that matters.  Years of joking-yet-cautionary blogging about jumpstarting the Franchise with what amounted to \\"Dawson's Trek\\" don't seem so funny now.  Our colleagues in the good universe have it half-right - the new movie happily proves you can do Trek in a way that's nothing like TNG; unfortunately it also proves that you can be unlike TNG and blow just as badly.      The script does junk TNG-style technobbable, but only for a lighter version of it.  Set design is a mixed bag: the new bridge is a testament to the hyper-advanced state of cybernetics we can expect of the future - which only makes the engineering spaces more jarring.  The engines that drive huge starships of the future across vast tracts of space appear as technologically advanced as the factory floor for Anheuser Busch.  It's safe to say that the producers probably saw this as some kind of limited experiment: like that nuclear reactor hidden behind the squash courts of the University of Chicago, or those rocket test planes which were designed only to exceed a certain speed - just prove it can work, and nothing else.  As with most things in Hollywood, there's more technological sophistication, which is why we have sequels to do the job expected of a single film from our savage past.    AND NOW THE FINAL WORD by guest Rotten Reviewers visiting from...another franchise.    The new Star Trek is consistently good fun from first frame til last, if undemanding of your attentions.  The story requires little prior knowledge of Trek, so you can take it in with a ragtag group of friends and have a Frakkin good time.  It's not perfect, but then, no flick is.  SO SAY WE ALL!!!!
0439023483|4.0|Even though its a young adult book, this novel was far from juvenile. It started a bit slow, but by the time the games began I was hooked. I was especially happy that the author chose not to go with a pat, easy ending and stayed true to the world and characters she had established.
B001PPGAIK|5.0|I really loved this movie. It is long but worth the watch. Beautifully done. It will tug at your heartstrings.
B001TODCII|5.0|After this, I will never miss another day at the gym !!!!! Yikes, what a ride...Way to go LIam !!!!! Thumbs up to the CIA too.
0316017922|4.0|Being a big fan of Gladwell's work, I was eager to read this book. In fact, I was looking forward to being entertained and, at the same time, picking up tips on how to become an outlier myself. While the book is extremely entertaining, it falls short on the advice part because much of its focus is how the world is NOT a meritocracy. That is to say, the playing field is skewed towards certain individuals who are given unique, exogenous advantages. Don't expect to hear rags to riches stories or how someone uncovered their true genius in a remarkable way. In fact, the book is just the opposite of such themes and describes, in rather rigorous detail, how many high achievers have actually been given an \\"accumulated advantage\\" that compounds over the years. This, combined with some very lucky breaks, has created outliers ranging from Bill Gates to top Canadian hockey players.<br /><br />Whether you ascribe to this view is one matter. Unfortunately, Gladwell fails to provide a balanced view of achievement. Good examples would have been the recent success of many immigrant technology entrepreneurs in the late 20th century. Gladwell does provide solid data and interesting anecdotes to support his thesis. He does gives credit to the hard work of high achievers. At the same time, he doesn't FOCUS much on innate differences between individuals in the form of work ethic or intellectual abilities.<br /><br />That being said, the anecdotes in the book are so interesting they are definitely worth a read even if your goal was to learn how to become an outlier. Gladwell discusses his own story near the end of the book, which in itself, is quite interesting as he is child of a British academic and Jamaican woman who came to England on a University scholarship.<br /><br />If you truly believe that the world is meritocracy, you might be a bit disappointed with Outliers. If you are seeking guidance on how to become the next Barack Obama, Thomas Edison, or Steve Jobs you won't get much help from Gladwell. Don't let that discourage you from reading this book, however. If you like books like Gladwell's other works or books like Freakonomics, you will surely enjoy Outliers.let that discourage you from reading this book, however. If you like books like Gladwell's other works or books like Freakonomics, you will surely enjoy Outliers.
B000GKW4HG|4.0|This figure is 5 inches tall and 7 1/2 inches long.  He is hard plastic and not poseable.  The sculpt and paint job are both highly realistic.  The best part has been discovering he can serve as an exotic mount for Papo and Schleich figures molded with their legs apart for riding horses.  Fun.
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|This movie is so uplifting and a ton of fun. I can watch it over and over again. It is fun to watch with a group of people and do the sing along version of the movie.
032147404X|5.0|Super easy to read and straight to the point without vague information that gets you lost through the pages. Fully loaded with pictures and plenty of examples! Its detailed and leaves you satisfied with each answer. Love it.
B00127RAJY|3.0|Definitely take note of what other reviewers have already stated - this is NOT easy on the knees!    I have knee problems, and started to feel some discomfort on the first level during plain old jumping jacks - even with my knees wrapped!  Beyond Level 1, forget it!  I cannot do the lunges and jumps.    HOWEVER, it is definitely an effective workout overall.    Just be cautious if you've had or currently have knee problems, as I do, some of these exercises are not for you, even modified.
0743496736|4.0|Picoult's Nineteen Minutes does a good job of showcasing a tragedy from multiple viewpoints. I enjoyed - although I'm not sure that's the right word for it - reading this novel, but it's not easy subject matter. As despicable as Peter's ultimate actions are, I still found myself wanting to hug the little boy whose lunch box was thrown out the bus window time after time. So many \\"if only's\\" are realized in the aftermath of tragedy. The twist at the end may throw you for a loop, but it almost seems like kicking you when you're down.
0385341008|5.0|A perfect book for your next BOOK CLUB read!<br /><br />Not only is it charmingly written as correspondence<br />(including letters, telegrams, and notes slipped under doors)<br />the story keeps your interest with the quirky traits<br />and odd goings on of all the participants.<br />It's a wonderful example of how books help build relationships<br />and give incites to how people relate to events both happy and heart wrenching.<br /><br />The meat of the story starts with a gentleman finding a copy of a book<br />with the previous owner's name and address inside the front cover.<br />He writes to the previous owner asking<br />if there are more books by that author available for purchase.<br /><br />Now how's that for 'bookcrossing'? In 1946!<br />The ensuing correspondence would be like our pm's or forum postings today.<br /><br />I love the quote from Juliet in the front of the book...<br />\\"I wonder how the book got to Guernsey?<br />Perhaps there is some secret sort of homing instinct in books<br />that brings them to their perfect readers.\\"<br />Haven't we all wondered how some of our books get from place to place?<br /><br />Juliet sends the gentleman a copy of another book by the same author...<br />Or in our terms, she sends him a RABCK! (Random Act of BookCrossing Kindness)<br /><br />And well.... you just HAVE to read the book to find out where this all takes them.<br />I laughed, I cried, I sat up late at night and then got up early the next morning to finish this book!<br />This is the best book I've read this year!
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|I think this movie is destined to be a classic.  They say that fine wine gets better with age, and that definitely applies to Clint Eastwood in \\"Gran Torino.\\"  The story is compelling -- it kept me up way past my bedtime because I had to know what happened next.  That's one way to know you're in the hands of a master storyteller.  Another way to know the same thing is when the ending comes as a complete surprise which, in retrospect, is totally inevitable --- and profoundly moving.<br /><br />This movie jumped immediately into my top ten favorites of all time, and I think it may be the best thing Eastwood has ever done.
B001GQACGO|2.0|It often seems as if Beyonc is everywhere - she has movies, she has a clothing line, she's in commercials, she's on magazine covers. Lost in the muddle of her activities is her music, which always seems to take a backseat to everything else. She often speaks about how she wants to be remembered as a legend, but nothing on this disc is legendary. If anything, it's bland and boring. The album is full of cookie-cutter ballads and most of the songs seems to blend into one another. It's somewhat difficult for me to believe that these songs are candid peeks into the life and experience of an \\"artist\\", it's just a bunch of filler that was slapped together and split into two discs for a marketing campaign that has taken precedence over the quality of the music. I'd rather hear less about Sasha Fierce and intricate performances in videos and on tour and more about Beyonc making good music.     The only songs I enjoyed were the first four singles - \\"Single Ladies\\", \\"Diva\\", \\"If I Were A Boy\\", and \\"Halo\\".
0061231401|2.0|As the book started I was excited.  I liked where the story was heading, I even thought the author was going to give us another of his wonderful stories like his early books.  But.....then Sigma reared its boring head.  I don't know why he's so latched onto the concept of Sigma Force books.  None of the characters have any charisma.  They are simply no fun to read about.  I can understand creating great characters and using them in every book, but clearly James Rollins is no James Lee Burke, James Hewson or John Connolly.  Those gentlemen created wonderful characters that you eagerly wait a year for their new book to arrive.<br />This book is just like every other sigma book. Nothing exciting. Just sad.  He wrote a number of very good books.
B000LXHK2C|5.0|I really LOVE this movie! It was easy enough to order it through the Amazon Market place. It was at my house in less than a week. It was actually the first movie I received out of my order. Really glad to get it.
0375704027|5.0|When this book, \\"Norwegian Wood\\", first appeared in Japan in 1987, the author, Haruki Murakami, became such a celebrity that he fled his native land and lived abroad for several years.  Since that time, the book has retained its popularity in Japan and become almost as popular elsewhere. With its intimacy, gentle sadness, and wisdom, the book deserves the love in which it is held.<br /><br />\\"Norwegian Wood\\" describes the search for love in the face of the loneliness which separates people. The story is recounted by the 37-year old narrator, Toru Watanabe, in recollecting his university life in Toyko eighteen years earlier. Watanabe is moved to reflect on his younger life by hearing a pale orchestral version of the Beatle's song \\"Norwegian Wood\\" while flying on a plane to Hamburg. Thus Murakami suggests at the outset how memory pales in comparison to actual events. The narrator, Watanabe, writes down his memories as an act of catharsis.<br /><br />Although set in Japan, the characters in this book are largely westernized in their interests and behavior.  The book is set against the backdrop of the student protests which were a prominent feature of university life in Japan, as in the United States, in the late 1960s. But the element of protest is muted and downplayed. It is largely a foil to the novel's themes of the search for love, intimacy, and sexuality.  It is the latter types of things that matter, for the book, rather than the evanescent forms of public protest.<br /><br />\\"Norwegian Wood\\" is a coming-of-age story in the manner of many American novels. The young Watanabe falls in love with two young women, Naoko and Midori.  Naoko had been the childhood sweetheart of Watanabe's friend Kizuki, who mysteriously commits suicide at the age of 17. She and Watanabe renew their acquaintance by chance in Tokyo and gradually become intimate. They sleep together only on Naoko's 20th birthday, but this event becomes pivotal to their relationship.  Watanabe also befriends and gradually becomes involved with an extroverted, independent young woman named Midori who helps her aging father operate a small bookstore. Watanabe befriends her father when he is dying in the hospital. When Naoko leaves the university to live in a rest home or sanitarium (in the manner of Thomas Mann's \\"The Magic Mountain\\") Watanabe struggles with his feelings for her and for Midori.  Even in his maturity, when the reader meets Watanabe age 37, it is unclear whether he has fully resolved his feelings in a way that brings him peace.<br /><br />Murakami's novel focuses on sex and on its relationship to love. Much of the book describes the frustration of wanting a person that is distant or that one otherwise cannot have. Watanabe, and the young women in this book, all struggle with their feelings. While pursuing his serious relationships, Watanabe, in the company of his friend Nagasawa, frequently and successfully pursue young women in bars for one-night stands, an activity which Watanabe claims brings him little pleasure. In contrast to these incidents, Watanabe has only the single act of consummation with Naoko and apparently none during the course of the book with Midori.  In a time of relatively easy sexuality, which is nostalgically and non-critically protrayed, Watanabe tries to know his emotions.  Sexuality is portrayed positively, on the whole, and as integral to full human intimacy.<br /><br />This is a sad tale which ends unhappily for many of its characters.  Yet Watanabe and the other figures in the book struggle on to adulthood.  Music plays a large role in the book.  Much of the story reenacts the enigmatic lyrics to the Beatle song of the title, which was the favorite song of Naoko. Midori is a singer and Watanabe plays the guitar, both poorly.  Naoko's friend at the sanitarium, an older woman named Reiko, is a trained classical pianist who continues to play on the guitar, \\"Norwegian Wood\\", other Beatles songs, Bach fugues and much else. Reiko alsoteaches Watanabe a great deal about knowing his own heart. Music, love, and sex are tied intimately here, as they are in life.<br /><br />Some time ago, I read Murakami's novel \\"Sputnik Sweetheart\\" which explores similar themes of love, sexuality, music, and frustration. Although I enjoyed that novel a great deal, it lacks the poignancy of this earlier and on the surface simple love story. This book speaks of the centrality and difficulty in life of the search for love.  It also shows the difficulty of knowning oneself.<br /><br />Robin Friedmannowing his own heart. Music, love, and sex are tied intimately here, as they are in life.    Some time ago, I read Murakami's novel \\"Sputnik Sweetheart\\" which explores similar themes of love, sexuality, music, and frustration. Although I enjoyed that novel a great deal, it lacks the poignancy of this earlier and on the surface simple love story. This book speaks of the centrality and difficulty in life of the search for love.  It also shows the difficulty of knowning oneself.    Robin Friedman
B000E6UK32|4.0|To go along with their well-deserved induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006, Blondie released this 2-disc [[ASIN:B000E6UK32 Greatest Hits (CD+DVD)]] collection, and it's a package that does justice to Debbie Harry and the band's legacy.<br /><br />Of course, Debbie Harry is obviously the star here. Mixing little-girl enthusiasm with a punk-ish new wave attitude and her ex-Playboy Bunny sexuality, she blossomed into a beautiful and fascinating superstar who always remained true to her feminine spirit. Where Madonna and Pat Benatar sold out an important element of their femininity in exchange for power, Debbie seemed only to do what came natural to her and let the universe just take care of itself.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000E6UK32 Greatest Hits (CD+DVD)]] has the classics; Call Me, Heart Of Glass, One Way Or Another, The Tide Is High, Dreaming, Atomic, Rapture, Sunday Girl, and more (all digitally remastered, but single edits). Also included here are new remixes of In The Flesh and Good Boys, which are enjoyable, but not particularly any better than the originals. Rapture Riders, a new \\"Blondie vs. The Doors\\" mashup that mixes Blondie's Rapture with The Doors' Riders On The Storm, is really cool though.<br /><br />The videos are essential. They're sexy and fun, but also show a certain vulnerability and honesty that has always been an intriguing part of Debbie Harry's charismatic personality. The liner notes aren't much; very little song information, the album cover images, and that's about it.<br /><br />There is the single-disc [[ASIN:B00006IM9Q Blondie - Greatest Hits]] from 2002, and it's a little cheaper; but even though it includes two songs that aren't here (X Offender and I'm Always Touched By Your Presence Dear), I still recommend this one because it has the new remixes and the video DVD.<br /><br />\\"...Tonight, make it magnificent.\\"
B000V86OKG|5.0|This has to be the best storyline in ages,....how can you like a serial killer??  Well.  its hard not to like Dex...hope he gets away with it  forever..
B001PPLIEG|2.0|The film begins with a car chase, the pursuer shoots at his target. The language suggests Italy. James Bond escapes again. [What insurance company does he use?] What is in the trunk? The music tells you this is not the classic Bond introduction. There is a short clip of a medieval festival. A captured enemy boasts they have people everywhere, then something happens. There is another chase through a tunnel into a crowded street. The action is frantic, like a cartoon. They find a lead to a suspect, James Bond will investigate. There is a short interview. \\"I don't have any friends.\\" More action follows. Finally the story begins.    There is another chase with motorboats. [A recurring event since \\"From Russia With Love\\".] Bond escapes again. \\"She's seasick.\\" Bond uses the latest in cell phones. There is a plan to stage a revolt to grab oil leases. Does an opera provide a place to plot in secret? There is more shooting. Next a visit to Italy, then to La Paz, Bolivia. Is there a shortage of water? Did a monopoly buy it all? They visit a charity party. There is a surprise after Bond drives away! Next a ride in an airplane, and another chase in the sky. An incredible escape! \\"We are acting out of necessity.\\" Does Bond bring bad luck to all of his friends? What about being in an elevator? Felix gives advice to Bond. Money buys political influence in every country. A fire breaks out to provide a backdrop for the action. Can they escape? Of course! Bond visits Russia to meet a man. \\"I never left.\\" And so the film ends.    My impression is there will never again be films as good as the original series from the 1960s. I'm amazed that they still grind out this series. I haven't seen them all so I can't say this was the worst. The story seems too complicated and detailed. Note the lack of futuristic gadgets that are ahead of the curve. The story about the monopolization of the water supply in a South American country is real. You won't read about it in your local newspapers. The choppy editing suggests action but the changing scenes makes it hard to follow the story line. There seems to be a harsher, angrier side to James Bond, as if he was \\"Dirty Harry\\" instead of the earlier suave gentleman. This film strips the veneer of respectability from James Bond to show him as a brutal thug who implements government policy no matter how many bodies he steps over.
B000089HCR|4.0|W.A.S.P. is sometimes inexplicably categorized as an 80s hair metal band, but that simply ain't so. An 80s metal band? Yes. Hair band? No. Actually W.A.S.P. was the next generation of 70s bands like KISS and Alice Cooper, but darker than KISS and rawer & edgier than both. When they performed it wasn't simply a band playing a live concert, it was like the freakin' circus coming to town.<br /><br />This debut 1984 album is chalk full of early 80s hanging-chord anthems with hooks galore and incredibly creative choruses. Songs like \\"Animal (F**k Like a Beast),\\" \\"L.O.V.E Machine,\\" \\"Hellion,\\" \\"On Your Knees\\" and \\"Tormentor\\" are all 5-Star examples of this style.<br /><br />What really sets W.A.S.P. apart is singer/songwriter Blackie Lawless' vocals. Once you hear his primal shrill screech you'll never confuse W.A.S.P. with effeminate 80s glam bands. Take, for example, the opening verses on the album's sole ballad-of-sorts, \\"Sleeping in the Fire\\": Blackie's passionate and mournful voice sounds like someone in incredible emotional torment; it's equal parts moving, exhilarating and beautiful. No kidding. But that's only the beginning to this ingenious song; the chorus, post-chorus, lead solo and ending are all spectacularly infectious and stimulating.<br /><br />But what's the meaning of this song? At first glance I thought it was (ambiguously) about satan worship -- and it is, sort of, but not the cliched and silly way you think. Actually the song's about living for sensuality, living focused on carnality and always trying to \\"feel good.\\" There's a lot of pain involved with living such a lifestyle, but to the naive and foolish, it's worth it. The problem with this lifestyle is that it never truly satisfies and enslaves the person who's constantly searching for more -- \\"drunk on love,\\" \\"makes you numb.\\" Not only is this yearning and lifestyle \\"Lucifer's magic,\\" but the \\"spell is [a] lie.\\"<br /><br />Needless to say, the song is a masterpiece and one of my all-time favorites. Even people who normally don't like metal will appreciate it. In fact, the CD's worth buying just for \\"Sleeping in the Fire\\"!<br /><br />So why not 5/5 Stars? Most of the rest of the songs I failed to mention above don't do much for me, plus they're kinda samey-sounding. Regardless, the 6 songs cited are all stellar. So I give it a very strong 4/5 (but I wouldn't argue with those who give it 5/5).t like metal will appreciate it. In fact, the CD's worth buying just for \\"Sleeping in the Fire\\"!    So why not 5/5 Stars? Most of the rest of the songs I failed to mention above don't do much for me, plus they're kinda samey-sounding. Regardless, the 6 songs cited are all stellar. So I give it a very strong 4/5 (but I wouldn't argue with those who give it 5/5).
B00005N6KG|3.0|They work OK. My complaint is they allow all the sound in the room to leak into the ear, so the content is difficult to hear in a normal environment. The good thing is they don't fall out of your ear like earbuds.
B000006CCG|4.0|W.A.S.P. is sometimes inexplicably categorized as an 80s hair metal band, but that simply ain't so. An 80s metal band? Yes. Hair band? No. Actually W.A.S.P. was the next generation of 70s bands like KISS and Alice Cooper, but darker than KISS and rawer & edgier than both. When they performed it wasn't simply a band playing a live concert, it was like the freakin' circus coming to town.<br /><br />This debut 1984 album is chalk full of early 80s hanging-chord anthems with hooks galore and incredibly creative choruses. Songs like \\"Animal (F**k Like a Beast),\\" \\"L.O.V.E Machine,\\" \\"Hellion,\\" \\"On Your Knees\\" and \\"Tormentor\\" are all 5-Star examples of this style.<br /><br />What really sets W.A.S.P. apart is singer/songwriter Blackie Lawless' vocals. Once you hear his primal shrill screech you'll never confuse W.A.S.P. with effeminate 80s glam bands. Take, for example, the opening verses on the album's sole ballad-of-sorts, \\"Sleeping in the Fire\\": Blackie's passionate and mournful voice sounds like someone in incredible emotional torment; it's equal parts moving, exhilarating and beautiful. No kidding. But that's only the beginning to this ingenious song; the chorus, post-chorus, lead solo and ending are all spectacularly infectious and stimulating.<br /><br />But what's the meaning of this song? At first glance I thought it was (ambiguously) about satan worship -- and it is, sort of, but not the cliched and silly way you think. Actually the song's about living for sensuality, living focused on carnality and always trying to \\"feel good.\\" There's a lot of pain involved with living such a lifestyle, but to the naive and foolish, it's worth it. The problem with this lifestyle is that it never truly satisfies and enslaves the person who's constantly searching for more -- \\"drunk on love,\\" \\"makes you numb.\\" Not only is this yearning and lifestyle \\"Lucifer's magic,\\" but the \\"spell is [a] lie.\\"<br /><br />Needless to say, the song is a masterpiece and one of my all-time favorites. Even people who normally don't like metal will appreciate it. In fact, the CD's worth buying just for \\"Sleeping in the Fire\\"!<br /><br />So why not 5/5 Stars? Most of the rest of the songs I failed to mention above don't do much for me, plus they're kinda samey-sounding. Regardless, the 6 songs cited are all stellar. So I give it a very strong 4/5 (but I wouldn't argue with those who give it 5/5).n't like metal will appreciate it. In fact, the CD's worth buying just for \\"Sleeping in the Fire\\"!     So why not 5/5 Stars? Most of the rest of the songs I failed to mention above don't do much for me, plus they're kinda samey-sounding. Regardless, the 6 songs cited are all stellar. So I give it a very strong 4/5 (but I wouldn't argue with those who give it 5/5).
B00003CXA6|5.0|Many years ago I entered my favorite Chicago bookstore, Abraham Lincoln Bookstore, shocked to find a large display of a new book The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara.   My personal grudge against Mike Shaara goes back to 1964 when we were both at Florida State University.  What is my reason for relating all this?  If I can change my attitude toward the author, anyone can give him a second chance.  It still hurts me to give five stars to this work.  But the following reasons make it necessary:  1.  The book is very well written.  Mike had many choices how to work the story.  I probably would have made it unreadable by including too many characters.  Mead was barely mentioned.  John Hood could have been played up more considering his importance later in the war, but it didn't belong in this work.   2. I disagree with not only Mike but many professional historians that the Battle of Gettysburg is overrated.  Considering this I'm surprised at how well the author related this story.  I have no problem with the historic content of this book or the later movie.  3. The characterization in the book and the movie is superb.  This is fiction, but excellently done fiction.  If I had not been curious about this work I probably would never have picked it up. I am glad I did read it and even glad I saw the movie.
0316017922|4.0|It is fairly easy to define success for a pilot, they don't crash their airplane. However, Mr. Gladwell generally defines success as making a lot of money or winning a Nobel prize. The children of parents who were hard working and poor were successes if they became doctors or lawyers. Success seems to require great achievement. I would suggest that success is a personal opinion.
1932100385|5.0|This book is a must read for all.  I think so highly of it that I just blogged on it at    [...]    The book is not just another opinion book on diet.  It is data based. And, the opinion of a true world expert on the subjct.   It is impacting how I feed my family and will impact what I tell patients.
0316017922|4.0|Let me first start by stating this book is truly a very good book and worth every penny.  I hate to use words like fascinating and insightful because they have become clich's for reviews like this. However, there are very few writers who can artfully get you to look at a topic from a unique perspective and give the reader a new insight into the subject the way Malcom Gladwell does.   Gladwell does that in this book and in a previous work, \\"The Tipping Point\\". (Sorry didn't read \\"Blink\\")     In \\"Outliers\\", Gladwell goes to great lengths explaining how those ultra successful people who lie outside the Bell Curve came to be. He successfully peels back, and explains the different layers of the onion on individual achievement, like that of Bill Gates and The Beatles and also demonstrates the cultural legacies and advantages inherent in those cultural legacies.    If you are like me, you will spend half of your time with the book thinking to yourself, \\"huh, I never would have thought of it like that.\\" So from that perspective the book is very good at keeping you engaged.      My one quibble with the book is rather significant and it has to do with the overarching theme and its conclusion.  It tries to turn American \\"Individualism\\" on its ear; by stating that no matter who you are, you are a product of circumstances and you didn't rise to such heights by yourself.  You had help and lots of luck.      We can all agree that no one achieved everything by their selves without help from outside influences.  However, the author goes a little too far out of his way to ignore things that successful people do to become successful.  Sure they had opportunities along the way that helped them, but the author doesn't stop to give enough credit for \\"seizing the opportunity \\"by the individual or the \\"goal setting\\" that successful people do to achieve what they achieve.      Take Bill Gates for example, true he had a phenomenal advantage in access to computers before most people in theworld did.  But if Bill Gates didn't seize opportunities that came his way, or set goals for himself or his company, the world would have never heard of him and he would be just another highly skilled computer professional among the masses.  So it is true that Gates had fantastic advantages but his seizing upon those advantages and his passion for computer technology made him what he has become more than anything else.  The same can be said for any number of outliers in the book or otherwise.    The author knows this, of course, but doesn't acknowledge it in his writing to a great degree.      My advice is to read this book, and keep seizing those opportunities and setting those goals, but recognize the circumstances that had to come together to get you where you are today.  Call it \\"Sliding Doors \\"or whatever, but it can be rather humbling when you think about it.
1416550542|4.0|PARENTS AND TEACHERS - no profanity or graphic sex.  References to brief adulterous relationship.  Description of children living in abject poverty during Victorian era, one violent accidental death.  Recommended for kids 12 and over.<br /><br />I loved this book!  It took a while to get going (that's why I only gave it four stars) but once I was hooked I read each page with relish.  This is a mystery set in modern times, but it flashes back to multiple historical time periods and is told in more than one voice.  The reader is in on secrets before the protagonist, but very little is actually given away until the end.<br /><br />One of the most entertaining things about this book was how I found myself constantly speculating about \\"what happened\\"  often thinking I had figured a few things out.  Then I'd find out I was completely wrong - I loved that cat and mouse aspect of the writing.  The conclusion was very satisfying.<br /><br />My only criticism of the writing style would be that the Victorian era characters seemed like Dickensonian Wannabees.<br /><br />Overall I would recommend the book to readers who like mysteries, puzzles, and a little romance.
B0000844M8|4.0|I saw this as a child. I liked the movie then and I like it now. I have learned so much of the history of the story and the actors and the real George and Joy Adamson. The continued story including Christian the lion. This story has impacted 6 people deeply. I have been humming the theme song all month. Get this movie and introduce it to another generation of young people. Enjoyable    Debra Envall
1439157383|1.0|Read this book for Book Club. As I was reading it, I thought the book was fairly well written and was emotionally invested in the characters.    Then I got to the end.  What a complete cop out.    I threw the book across the room.    Never again.  The writer immediately plunged to the bottom of my list of writers.  I am a reading junkie and if I were on a desert island surrounded only by books by this author, I would simply stop reading.
B000AMU0XA|4.0|With the band's name referencing Frank Sinatra's decision to make films, FRANKIE GOES TO HOLLYWOOD consisted of five men from Liverpool's punk scene who suddenly found themselves on the cutting edge of New Wave: Holly Johnson, Paul Rutherford, Peter Gill, Mark O'Toole and Brian Nash,  a club band that attracted the attention of record producer Trevor Horn with the blantantly sexual song \\"Relax.\\"<br /><br />The result was WELCOME TO THE PLEASURE DOME, and released with tremendous hype the record leaped to the top of the English charts with the singles \\"Relax,\\" \\"When Two Tribes Go To War,\\" and \\"The Power of Love.\\"  The band was soon popular in the USA as well, and t-shirts proclaiming \\"Frankie Says Relax\\" were suddenly  ubiquitious.<br /><br />FRANKIE's time in the public eye equated to Warhol's fifteen minutes of fame; their second release was a flop, singer Holly Johnson left, and the band fell apart.  But somewhat oddly, WELCOME TO THE PLEASURE DOME has left an unexpected afterglow: both singles and remixes have remained very popular in dance clubs, and remixes of \\"Relax\\" and \\"The Power of Love\\" actually returned to the English charts in 1993--nine years after the songs first debuted.<br /><br />In many ways the recording is indicative of 1980s excess.  At least two of the band members were openly gay and the band tended to present itself as an exercise in homosexual hedonism; the lyrics to \\"Relax\\" were so explicit that it was among the most often banned-from-radio songs of it era, and the video that accompanied it was so hot that it too was banned and a much tamer substitute video was created in order to get MTV airplay.  Listening to PLEASURE DOME today one finds it no less explicit than it was twenty years ago.  One also finds just as strange as it was when it first exploded onto the charts.<br /><br />Much of the recording might best be described as musical collage.  One song seques into another with odd bits and pieces coloring in the lines between each cut; there are bird sounds; narrative readings; and a host of other oddities.  \\"Well,\\" \\"The World Is My Oyster,\\" \\"Snatch of Fury,\\" and the title \\"Welcome To The Pleasure Dome\\" feel like one extend piece, bouncing from blunt to sharp.  \\"Relax,\\" the song for which FRANKIE was and is still best known, remains as intense, pulsing, and sexually hot as ever; and \\"Two Tribes\\" has considerable power and sharpness.  \\"The Power of Love,\\" one of the few ballad-like pieces the band did, is also very memorable.<br /><br />The album as a whole--well, let's put it this way.  You really have to be in the mood.  Holly Johnson does nice covers of \\"Ferry Cross The Mersey,\\" \\"Born to Run,\\" and \\"Do You Know The Way to San Jose,\\" but I wouldn't describe any of these as besting the originals so much as being new takes on old favorites.  Some of the pieces are basically fluff filler expertly performed, with \\"Krisco Kisses,\\" \\"Black Night White Light,\\" and \\"The Only Star in Heaven\\" cases in point.  Even so, it is hard to dismiss FRANKIE GOES TO HOLLYWOOD as purely style over substance, as some have done; in many ways, it is as fresh today as it was when it first came out.<br /><br />There are two versions of WELCOME TO THE PLEASURE DOME.  This particular edition includes seventeen tracks and is essentially the recording as it was first released; a later version includes expanded tracks but, at least according to friends who have heard it, does so at the expense of the \\"bleed\\" between tracks.  Both, however, seem to include what most people think of the essential three: \\"Relax,\\" \\"Two Tribes,\\" and \\"The Power of Love.\\"<br /><br />It's an odd recording, glitchy, strange, and one people seem to either really like or completely loathe.  But the musicianship, production, and Holly Johnson's vocals are uniquely powerful and appealing.  Flawed, absolutely; recommended just the same.<br /><br />GFT, Amazon Reviewerreadings; and a host of other oddities.  \\"Well,\\" \\"The World Is My Oyster,\\" \\"Snatch of Fury,\\" and the title \\"Welcome To The Pleasure Dome\\" feel like one extend piece, bouncing from blunt to sharp.  \\"Relax,\\" the song for which FRANKIE was and is still best known, remains as intense, pulsing, and sexually hot as ever; and \\"Two Tribes\\" has considerable power and sharpness.  \\"The Power of Love,\\" one of the few ballad-like pieces the band did, is also very memorable.    The album as a whole--well, let's put it this way.  You really have to be in the mood.  Holly Johnson does nice covers of \\"Ferry Cross The Mersey,\\" \\"Born to Run,\\" and \\"Do You Know The Way to San Jose,\\" but I wouldn't describe any of these as besting the originals so much as being new takes on old favorites.  Some of the pieces are basically fluff filler expertly performed, with \\"Krisco Kisses,\\" \\"Black Night White Light,\\" and \\"The Only Star in Heaven\\" cases in point.  Even so, it is hard to dismiss FRANKIE GOES TO HOLLYWOOD as purely style over substance, as some have done; in many ways, it is as fresh today as it was when it first came out.    There are two versions of WELCOME TO THE PLEASURE DOME.  This particular edition includes seventeen tracks and is essentially the recording as it was first released; a later version includes expanded tracks but, at least according to friends who have heard it, does so at the expense of the \\"bleed\\" between tracks.  Both, however, seem to include what most people think of the essential three: \\"Relax,\\" \\"Two Tribes,\\" and \\"The Power of Love.\\"    It's an odd recording, glitchy, strange, and one people seem to either really like or completely loathe.  But the musicianship, production, and Holly Johnson's vocals are uniquely powerful and appealing.  Flawed, absolutely; recommended just the same.    GFT, Amazon Reviewer
B001GZ6QC4|4.0|The Dark Knight is a visually stunning and well-acted film that really does transcend the comic book genre.  Sure there are great special effects, with car chases, explosions and all the cool gadgets that Batman has at his disposal but they don't really need to be in there to make this film worth watching.  It's the acting that will pull you in. The cast is so good in this movie and not just Heath Ledger's Academy Award winning role as the Joker which is stellar itself. Aaron Eckhart is equally magnificent as DA Harvey Dent, Gary Oldham is superb as police commissioner Gordon while Michael Caine & Morgan Freeman provide the backbone and base for the film.  Christian Bale does a good job as the Batman, but his role pales in comparison to work done by Mr. Ledger & Mr. Eckhart.  Even if you're not a fan of these types of films, the dark and brooding tone separate it from the usual suspects in the genre.
B001U0HBPG|3.0|This is a paradox: great actors, beautiful cinematography, original stroryline but somehow it does not gel and become a great movie. Indeed the central premise of the movie, a man aging backwards simply makes the whole thing too weird with its realistic tone. It is also extremely slow moving in an unnecessary way. Simply because time is limitless does not mean that a movie can go on forever. It is still beautiful to watch but kind of boring, which was maybe the idea also.
B001P9KR8U|4.0|Slumdog Millionaire has been dubbed the little film that could going from an almost direct to video film into an eight-time Academy Award winner including Best Picture.  The film has an incredibly interesting premises, detailing how an illiterate street kid could be one answer away from winning $20M rupees on the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire by showing how he knew the answers through a series of flashbacks detailing where his knowledge of the answers came from.  Most of these flashbacks show the dangerous and hellacious aspects of life in the slums of India.  The way young children are used and abused by the Fagan like hustlers is disturbing.  Director Danny Boyle ultimately turns the movie into a love story, but he doesn't shy away from the gritty details of the life of the so-called slumdogs.  Griping, intense and ultimately heartwarming, Slumdog Millionaire is worthy of all the accolades it has garnered.
B00164KYV4|4.0|NOt bad at all chick flick actually. After a slow start thigs move along quite nicely. The cast is superb and the whole thing makes for excellent light entertainment
0714843377|5.0|I just loved this book. Created with a sense of humor, and put together in an amazingly creative way, it hits hard against mainstream thought, and shows what a top advertising-creative person can come up with when they're not hindered by the shortcomings of a short-sighted client. I follows the path of thought you need to be a cutting-edge thinker and succeeder, and gain control of your life no matter what you do. I've read it twice, and I can't wait to read it again. It's hard to put this book down once you start.
1402756399|5.0|As I go through this book, am I sometimes astounded at what Darwin needs to explain.  Things that I just take for granted as obvious, such as the existence of variations in species, he had to spell out.  It gives me new appreciation for his genius, given the academic atmosphere in his time.      This is the first copy of Origin I've actually purchased, so I can't really compare its merits with other versions. But the illustrations are gorgeous, and the Beagle notes are both interesting and illuminating.
B0025WUK1U|5.0|A must have for all Jeff Buckley fans. Excellent concert footage and interviews, mostly never before seen.  I highly recommend it.
B0026J8LHM|4.0|While I'm a big Dream Theater fan and have given 5 stars to all of their recent albums, I was a bit disappointed with this one and am only giving the single CD version 4 stars.  The main problem with this album is that almost every song is depressing or somber.   We have songs about a child's traumatic car accident, alcoholism, writer's block, the death of a parent, and a scary encounter with a stranger.  The only song that is not negative in tone is \\"A Rite of Passage\\";  but it's a lot of mumbo jumbo to me.  While most of these songs offer positive resolutions or aspects of their stories, their overall mood is negative.  Even so, there is enough great playing and singing here to still earn 4 stars.    Many of you are probably wondering whether to buy the single CD or the deluxe (3 CD) edition of this album.  I highly recommend the deluxe edition.  In addition to the new CD with vocals, you also get a second CD with terrific covers of songs by Rainbow, Queen, the Dixie Dregs, Zebra, King Crimson, and Iron Maiden and an instrumental version of the new CD.  That's 2 hours of very good bonus music for just $4.50 - a great bargain!  In fact, I gave the deluxe edition 5 stars in a separate review because of the bonus material.   I'll even go as far as saying that the covers disc is the best of the three.  See my other review to see learn why.    Let me start with the positive which is that the band gives us lots of great music across all 6 songs.   There are some great guitar solos and riffs by John Petrucci , beautiful keyboard and continuum playing by Jordan Rudess, and good rhythmic support from John Myung and Mike Portnoy.  ( I do wish Myung's bass was more audible in the mix.)  James LaBrie delivers some moving vocals.  I've listened to all the songs at least 5 times and find things to enjoy in all of them.  If I focus more of this review on the weaknesses of the album, that is because I have more to say about them.    Whereas Octavarium and Systematic Chaos credited all music to \\"Dream Theater\\", the new album (like Train of Thought and 6DoIT) credits all music to the other 4 members of the band.  Additionally, while LaBrie wrote some lyrics on the last 4 albums, he did not write any on this one.  This makes me wonder if he was less involved in the recording of this album.  Unfortunately, the vocal lines and lyrics written by the rest of the band for LaBrie are weak in comparison to past DT albums and don't have the same quality as the underlying music.  Large portions are delivered as recitative, being more spoken than sung.  Some reviewers have blamed LaBrie for this, but the blame belongs to the songwriters.  This problem exists in \\"A Nightmare to Remember\\", \\"A Rite of Passage\\", and \\"The Count of Tuscany\\".   All of the songs do have some nice parts for LaBrie to sing.    I like songs that tell stories or provide character sketches.  I also happen to like fantasy and science fiction.  So I liked the lyrics on Systematic Chaos.  I therefore also like what John Petrucci was aiming for in \\"A Nightmare to Remember\\" and \\"The Count of Tuscany\\".  But these stories based on some of his personal experiences lack the color and mystery that the stories on SC had.  Of the two songs, I think \\"The Count of Tuscany\\" is better; it has better vocal lines for LaBrie (the chorus and conclusion) and a better narrative structure in which the fear and tension are released when the narrator learns that he had misinterpreted the motivations of the Count.  At 19 minutes, it is the longest song on the album and my favorite.  The biggest problem with \\"A Nightmare to Remember\\" is the gruff singing of the last two verses by Mike Portnoy; instead of making me sympathize with the boy suffering nightmares about his family's car accident,  the lyrics and Portnoy's singing of them pulled me away from the story and ruined the end of the song for me.     \\"A Rite of Passage\\" is a good rock song from a musical point of view, but the lyrics did nothing for me ; while a song about the Freemasons could have been interesting, this one was not.  I think Petrucci deserves respect for his bravery in writing as personal a song as \\"Wither\\" which is about the writer's block he sometime suffers; but I think the imagery of \\"withering\\" is overdone.  \\"Wither\\", \\"helpless\\", and \\"break down\\" convey the impression of emotional collapse rather than the impression of having to relax and let the ideas flow naturally.  Maybe he really does break down when he has writer's block; if so, I would rather not have had this picture revealed so starkly.  With different wording, this song could have been much better.  This is one song where the instrumental version is better.    Mike Portnoy's lyrics for \\"The Shattered Fortress\\" and \\"The Best of Times\\" won't win any awards but deserve respect for revealing very personal feelings about his past alcoholism and the recent death of his father.  I think it is important to listen to \\"The Shattered Fortress\\" together with the rest of Portnoy's 12 Steps Suite about the 12 AA steps.   By itself, it might seem episodic and devoid of new ideas.  But if you listen to the entire suite and view \\"The Shattered Fortress\\" as its conclusion, then I think you will like it.  It repeats lyrics, melodies and riffs from previous parts, but in several cases, the lyrics have been given a more positive spin.  So, \\"fatal descent\\" from \\"The Glass Prison\\" becomes \\"fateful ascent\\" and \\"take all of me\\" from \\"The Root of All Evil\\" becomes \\"keep all of me\\", suggesting that Portnoy has conquered his demons.  I think \\"The Best of Times\\" is a good song except for the inclusion of a schmaltzy melody that is first heard on guitar in the intro;  I think this melody might be a theme song from some 70s movie, maybe even one about somebody dying of cancer, but I can't remember which one.  Maybe it was a melody that his dying father really liked; if so, that would almost excuse its inclusion.   In any case,  I think the song would have been muchbetter, even great, without it.  (Of course, my sympathies go out to him for his loss.)    Overall, this is a good DT album, but not one of their best.  However, I think the extra discs in the deluxe edition are very good and I highly recommend that you get that edition, especially for the covers disc.
B000065V3H|4.0|This has always been one of my favorite movies.  Just finally got a chance to own it on DVD.
B001EO2UKO|4.0|I would say about 10 years a go I heard an Eminem track my son was blaring in the livingroom when suddenly a female vocalist sliced in and layed down such an interesting and musically different piece all of which made me sit bolt upright in my chair. Same reflex occured with me when Diana Krall made her debut on the Tonight Show years ago. Dido was the vocalist, Dido doing a bit on the rapper song is not unusual. Reverand Run has already convinced Sarah McLachlan to sing a similar infusion on that classic and baby boomer inability to forget masterpiece, Cat's in the Cradle by Harry Chapin.We have all been on a guilt trip since Harry Chapin wrote that song. As an aside, being creative and innovative in writing hip hop and rap as the two gentleman have shown may be a saving grace as opposed to the thumping beat we are so used to. Back to Dido, she is an absolute wonderment. On this particular CD, although it is somewhat a downhead I enjoy Don't Believe in Love, Never Want to Say it's Love and Look No Further. Dido is all about style with a European flair. We seem to love that quality in the states. If you remember the immensely popular UK singer Dusty Springfield who was one of the few blue eyed soul<br />Caucasian recording artists who could attract virtually any fan from anywhere and produced a plethora of hits. The Son of a Preacher Man I remember as a monster. So Dido with charm in her accent and along with Lily Allen and Thea Gilmour are a continuance of the British Invasion,(I am sorry but I do not know Dido's exact nationality but her vocals appear to be British) it never really stopped. It's because we as Americans are perpetual Anglophiles and the UK seems to have a very special and genetic musical talent.<br />Jay Adler
B001DHXT1G|3.0|This Blu Ray Version is a must have for Blu Ray Fans.  Lots of action and nice special effects.  But I still rank Batman - The Dark Knight and Iron Man wit Robert Downy Jr as the 2 best Blu Rays out there so far.
B00005AQE8|3.0|Being a Pac fan from Digital Undeground and his days in Juice, I can honestly say this album was a success because of the circumstances around it.     2Pac had just got out of jail. There was high curiousity on what he was gonna do or profoundly say. The answer wasn't much.     Most of the best songs, with the excepttion of Checkout Time and Skandalouz, made it to the airwaves. The other half was just filler. (Do like I did and burn it to a single disc for maximum enjoyment).    Lyrically, it's the same Cali-stuff, cars and \\"ridin\\". The beats make this album. After all, the duet with Snoop and Dre is what most remember. However, there's a few here and there that sound recycled. So..    There you have it. An HONEST and fair All Eyez On Me review, beside just repeating how great Pac is. Thanks for reading. :)
0671027344|5.0|that's what you'll think from beginning to end.<br /><br />Chobsky took an unusual approach with this book by writing from the perspective of those people who live on the fringe of life. They are there but they aren't a participant. They are the isolated, quiet, reflective ones that many of us probably only give a passing thought to.<br /><br />Charlie's story isn't all that fascinating to be honest. It's pretty standard as far as teenagers go ..he's having a tough time fitting in and adjusting to high school. His parents and siblings aren't abusive or horrible to him but more like detached and don't try very hard to understand Charlie or what he is going through. He struggles with the awkwardness of dating, making friends and how to \\"participate\\" in life.<br /><br />Charlie however is just utterly amazing. I've never read about a book whose characterization comes anywhere near this beautiful and endearing mix. He is deeply reflective, extremely introverted and super sensitive. He sees others so completely and optimistically but has little to no understanding of himself or how to fit in with those around him. His optimism about others is astounding but his dark depression is poignant and believable. He is an intensely complicated character who is hard to understand but yet you'll find yourself connecting to him and rooting for him.<br /><br />I felt that this author does a truly superb job into brining you into the life of someone who we don't often consider but give us so many reasons why we absolutely should. I highly recommend it.
B001YYQ9SS|4.0|I was at a Sony premiere the other week where they showed a screening of the blu-ray version of this movie. Everyone in the audience was just absolutely amazed by the quality of the visuals. If you have a blu-ray player and a hi-def tv, this is a must add to your collection.
