B003B02O14|5.0|Patrick is not satisfied with his life; his wife cheats on him, his partners at the law firm don't include him in a huge deal and he doesn't have a lot of friends left. That is the moment when he decides to start all over again. He fakes his death and steals $90 million from the law firm's off-shore bank account. But it doesn't take long until his colleagues doubt about Patrick being dead and him being the one responsible for their loss of money.<br /><br />\\"Where's the money, Patrick?\\", they keep asking him. Patrick Lanigan alias Danilo Silva, as he has been called the previous years, knows what money they are talking about while they are torturing him, and he knows who they are; the people he stole $90 million from. The only problem is: he doesn't know the answer to their question. Will that mean his end?<br /><br />Gladly, he has a partner to rely on. Eva Miranda, a beautiful Brazilian lawyer, tipped off the FBI and therefore saved Patrick's life. Nevertheless, Patrick still has a lot to deal with. As soon as he is deported back to the United States his wife sues him for divorce, the insurance companies want their money back, the federal government sues him for stealing $90 million and last but not least the state sues Patrick for murder since a dead body was found in his car. But Patrick knows what he is doing and he knows how to react to all of these charges. Thinking of every little detail Patrick Lanigan defeats his opponents one by one. Everything was planned perfectly but as we all know: life never goes according to plan.<br /><br />Starting the book with the story of how and where the torturers found Patrick, the reader is given only a small amount of information about Patrick Lanigan's life. Bit by bit Patrick's story begins to unwind as with every chapter another one of his mysteries is solved. The plot is almost told in reverse as, instead of getting to know what happened from the beginning, the reader is set close to the story's end and clings to every small piece of information in order to get to know all the juicy details.<br /><br />The book has a rich cast of characters which can be confusing at times. Every company and institution mentioned in the book has at least one representative. Therefore, sometimes it is difficult to distinguish between them and browsing a few pages back becomes necessary. Almost all of these various characters are smart-thinking people such as Patrick, Eva and Patrick's friend and attorney Sam. They work together to realize Patrick's dream of living a life of freedom, which is probably the most difficult task they had to deal with in their whole lives.<br /><br />The Number 1 New York Times Bestseller The Partner by John Grisham is a suspenseful, interesting but also very complex book. Since the reader does not know Patrick Lanigan's whole story until the end, one must continue reading. The Partner is a real page turner that hooks you to the end since with every chapter one gets some more information on how Patrick Lanigan ended his boring and unsatisfying life in Biloxi, Mississippi and started a new and happy one in Ponta Porã, Brazil as Danilo Silva. Not only does the reader become acquainted with the events in Patrick's life piece by piece but also with his character and personality and all the things going on in his head that led to this remarkable coup. Patrick's attention to detail is mind-blowing and may at times seem unrealistic. Keeping in mind that this is the only thing he truly worked for while being stuck in a life that is unrewarding, it is understandable to put so much effort into planning such a perfect crime.<br /><br />Although the book is suspense-packed to the end, the reader still needs patience as the book is almost 500 pages long. But even close to the end, when everyone thinks to have mastered all the mysterious happenings that led to Patrick's state of being, John Grisham accomplishes to include the true kicker of the story in the final pages which leave the reader with the desire to follow Patrick's footsteps even a little bit longer.<br /><br />Being a lawyer himself, John Grisham knows all about the peculiarities of the law and that is where he draws the inspiration for his novels from. The things he experienced in court are the basis for his novels. Only an insider of this genre can write the way he does. Since he knows his way around in the legal world, he includes a lot of this knowledge in his novels which makes them even more interesting and believable.<br /><br />I can highly recommend The Partner by John Grisham as it is entertaining and full of suspense. In every other chapter the reader is in for another surprise since the plot is not to be predicted. Although the book requires devotion it is well thought, well crafted and well worth a read.footsteps even a little bit longer.    Being a lawyer himself, John Grisham knows all about the peculiarities of the law and that is where he draws the inspiration for his novels from. The things he experienced in court are the basis for his novels. Only an insider of this genre can write the way he does. Since he knows his way around in the legal world, he includes a lot of this knowledge in his novels which makes them even more interesting and believable.    I can highly recommend The Partner by John Grisham as it is entertaining and full of suspense. In every other chapter the reader is in for another surprise since the plot is not to be predicted. Although the book requires devotion it is well thought, well crafted and well worth a read.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I already own the 3 main movies plus The Matrix Revisited, so I was a bit hesitant to buy them again, but I'm glad I did. As soon as I watched the original movie in 1080p, I knew I made the right decision to pick up the Blu-Rays. I haven't had a chance to watch all of the extras yet, but the upgrade in picture is very noticeable and makes the whole experience even better than before.    What's even better is that I picked up the set for $50 during Amazon's Hi-Def Week. It's worth picking up at twice that price.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|this show was amazing and it gets even more amazing every time i watch it!
B00005K3O4|5.0|This movie was purchased for a friend's birthday.  The DVD arrived promptly and the condition was as advertised.
B002VWNID6|5.0|This is a great movie based on Robin Hood.  This is also the movie that Robin Hood: Men In Tights is based off of, although that movie is a parody.  If you like action then this is a very good choice.
0634021869|5.0|It was nearly impossible to find reliable tabs for \\"Come Rain or Come Shine\\". I pretty much bought this book for that one song. It was well worth it.
B002ZG977Y|2.0|Hi I love movies with special effects but I have to buy the Blu Ray to see them. I enjoy the \\"Making of \\" as much as the movie and I am so disappoined that there is only an added scene I believe. To make a movie about all special effects and not include how they did them is a disgrace. Sorry just my opinion.
B00005JOHC|5.0|We've watched the first 8 episodes so far.  They are hilarious!!!  We've been watching this show for a few years, but missed the first couple of seasons or so.  It's easy to see why it's still around!
B0028RXXE8|5.0|the most honest depiction of ancient times ever... unfortunately we know that all this violence and abuse is not behind our backs but present day in many parts of the world... makes Spartacus look like a picnic... very, very impressive
6304711905|5.0|I love Tombstone! I've watched it so much in the past month that I can't recall the number. Kurt Russel and Val Kilmer were amazing!
B000077VR3|5.0|i'm not by any means a girly girl. i am all for blood and horror and i dont often like chic flicks. but this movie grabs me by my heart and throws me around the room. heck, i dont even like nicole kidman that much but she plays her part well in this movie. Ewan McGregor makes me fall in love with him every time he sings. and those big eyes set fire to my soul.   this movie isnt much liked by most people. i dont understand why. its artistic, funny, romantic and tragic. it has become a very important movie in my life. it has a lot of emotional value that you might miss if you dont open your heart to it. and if you miss it then its just a shame.   i recomomend popping it in your DVD playing for a romantic evening by candle light.
B002QEXN2K|5.0|I love this CD!  Much better than Continuum in my opinion.  Mayer always finds a way to touch a personal chord for me.
055357342X|5.0|The first three books where with out a doubt some of the best Fantasy writing I have ever read.  I mean 'Lord of the Rings' good, I will re-read them every couple of years, great!    But George has broken trust, the trust established between an author and reader of Epic Fantasy, I buy your books and you continue to write the story. I bought the books George! Now it has been 5 years, many excuses and broken promises later and still no book 5 is forth coming. I would recommend that we all wait for him to finish the series and then buy the books    I also now have a bigger worry, now with the HBO series coming out, will George give in to the temptation to write with an eye toward HBO picking up the entire series.    Sorry George.  You have broken trust.
B000001OAA|4.0|An underappreciated group.  I would call this kind of garbage recyclable.  I still enjoy these songs and I think that they are good enough to have come out now.  Most are worth dusting off every now and then.  Especially when I want the feeling of girl power.  I think that was ultimately their downfall though.  Not a lot of groups survive with a female lead singer wtih a unique sound and and a dominating presence.
0553582038|3.0|Sorry George.  The first three books where with out a doubt some of the best Fantasy writing I have ever read.  However I will not be buying anything written by you until you finish the ____ thing.    This could have been another 'Lord of The Rings'  You have gotten greedy or too full of yourself.    You have broken trust. I believe that there is a trust established between an author and reader of Epic Fantasy, I buy your books and you continue to write the story. I bought the books George!    I also now have a bigger worry, now with the HBO series coming out the George will give in to the temptation to write with an eye toward HBO picking up the entire series.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|In Rainbows is an appropriate title for another wonderful musical roller coaster ride from Radiohead.  I found myself going from smiling and bopping along to crying when I listened to this one for the first time.  They always manage to make me question my mental stability and yet I would buy anything that they put out without hearing one song.  Their songs utilize instruments and sounds that are unexpected and whimsical and yet the rhythms are there to take you away.
0553381687|5.0|The first three books where with out a doubt some of the best Fantasy writing I have ever read.<br />I mean 'Lord of the Rings' good, I will re-read them every couple of years, great!<br /><br />But George has broken trust, the trust established between an author and reader of Epic Fantasy, I buy your books and you continue to write the story. I bought the books George! Now it has been 5 years, many excuses and broken promises later and still no book 5 is forth coming. I would recommend that we all wait for him to finish the series and then buy the books<br /><br />I also now have a bigger worry, now with the HBO series coming out, will George give in to the temptation to write with an eye toward HBO picking up the entire series.<br /><br />Sorry George.<br />You have broken trust.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I can live my life to Radiohead.  I own all of their CDs and listened to them more than any other group.  Does this make me a loser?  Maybe, but if you are a fan, then you understand.  They have a song to match all of your moods and life experiences.  I am surprised that more of their songs aren't featured on soundtracks for movies.  Ok Computer is right up with the best of them all.  It takes me from a cocky self confidence with 'Airbag' to exhausted delusions with 'Climbing up the Walls' to a calm and peaceful state of semi consciousness with 'The Tourist.  Of course, you will have a different experience with each song depending on the flashbacks and twisted thoughts that they provoke, but it is always worth it.  Personally, I would have left off 'Fitter Happier', but that is because it just interrupts my groove. The rest is just bliss, confusion, excitement or anguish.  Whatever feelings you need to come to the forefront at the time.  I have always thought that listening to any Radiohead CD is cheaper and more effective than any therapist.
0553579908|5.0|The first three books where with out a doubt some of the best Fantasy writing I have ever read.  I mean 'Lord of the Rings' good, I will re-read them every couple of years, great!    But George has broken trust, the trust established between an author and reader of Epic Fantasy, I buy your books and you continue to write the story. I bought the books George! Now it has been 5 years, many excuses and broken promises later and still no book 5 is forth coming. I would recommend that we all wait for him to finish the series and then buy the books    I also now have a bigger worry, now with the HBO series coming out, will George give in to the temptation to write with an eye toward HBO picking up the entire series.    Sorry George.  You have broken trust.
0446563048|5.0|The book I ordered was terriffic, I ordered it for a gift for my husband, after seeing a piece on the author and his company, Zappos, on the CBS show, \\"Sunday Morning\\".  We are both enjoying the book.  It arrived earlier that it was supposed to, so that was a pleasant suprise!  It arrived in perfect condition, packed and shipped very nicely.
B00275EHJG|1.0|I entered Toy Story 3 with high expectations and guarded optimism. I love these movies and I really wanted this one to be good. It starts promisingly with a playful but derivative sequence (a bit too similar to the \\"video game\\" opening of Toy Story 2) and that should have been a warning right there that something was off. As the film continued I remained a disinterested viewer (against my will) as I watched these wonderful characters subjected to scenarios and plot devices they seemingly had little control over and I began to realize the disappointing truth: Toy Story 3 is fool's gold not worthy of it's pedigree.     The previous installments were all about the characters, which used to be a Pixar hallmark; it was the characters that dictated the action and propelled the story. In the case of Toy Story 3 the opposite is true--the plot dictates the action and our heroes become almost interchangeable and arbitrary as they are thrown into one harrowing situation after another, all of which paradoxically lack any real sense of danger.    On the plus side, viewers looking for a gloomy Pixar homage to old-school prison epics likely will not be disappointed.    Another problem is Woody's and the rest of the gang's motivation for fully 85% of the movie: namely, to return to Andy's attic where they can sit in boxes and rot for years since he's going to college. This is a half-hearted desire, at best. I'm not going to say that Walk Disney is spinning in his grave over that decision, but I think he would have demanded that the creators come up with something more compelling than that.    The Barbie/Ken relationship, which I was looking forward to, was handled in a clumsy and cliched manner (Ken is metrosexual and into clothes, yuk yuk) and the entire escape from the daycare center, which should be the high point of the movie, comes off as uninventive and boring. All in all, the characters have very little to do since they spend most of the movie locked up, being abused by toddlers, or preparing to be incinerated. There were also too many cheeky references made to the previous movies which quickly become tiresome, particularly the squeeze toy aliens' incessant fascination with the claw. It's almost as if the filmmakers are manipulating our love and knowledge of the previous flicks to get us to cut the new one some slack. Well, I'm not buying.    But hands down, most annoying to me was the handling of Buzz Lightyear. Placing a switch that causes him to reset and essentially become the antagonist for fully half of the film was a creaky creative decision; it reminds me of the old Star Trek episode in which Picard was turned into a thoughtless Borg that threatens the Enterprise crew. Contrived machinations like that are tiresome enough in comic books and old saturday morning cartoons, never mind a big-budget Pixar effort. Then the filmmakers dive full-blown into pure camp by activating a Spanish mode in Buzz which inexplicably transforms him into some sort of obnoxious stereotypical Don Juan that sounds a whole lot like Antonio Banderas. This is a lazy, pointless plot device at least; and perhaps a whole lot worse than that if you choose to read into it.    And I haven't even mentioned that the \\"inspiring life-affirming message\\" of the movie -- namely, \\"get rid of your toys and grow up!\\" -- is a tad bit cynical and will fly over the heads of a large segment of the presumed target audience (anybody under the age of 12). The ending did have some touching moments, but it feels suspiciously like lipstick on a pig.    Anybody notice a trend emerging? I do, and here it is: Pixar is alternating complete masterpieces with movies that are a mixed bag! Look at their last 6 movies: Starting with Incredibles (the high-water mark for Pixar, their best to date); then Cars (the low-water mark for Pixar, their worst to date); Ratatouille (superb); WALL-E (mixed bag); Up (great); and now Toy Story 3 (mediocre, especially by Pixar standards). The good news isgiven this pattern, Pixar's next offering, Cars 2, should actually be GOOD. But I'm not holding my breath on that one.    I drank the Pixar Kool-Aid for years, but now it is time for me to face harsh reality: John Lasseter is no longer a genius, Pixar is not infallible, and Dreamworks Animation is breathing down their neck.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|The first Disk was damaged, so if you have it, make sure you have verified that they work.  Amazon was great in replacing the product.
B001I5M9SC|5.0|Anyone who is fan of Andrea Bocelli will certainly enjoy this DVD. His singing, as always, is top-notch, and you get to see some of the Tuscan countryside. I definitely recommend it.
B003JSU2NU|1.0|I LOVED THE MUSIC FROM THE FIRST TWO TWILIGHT SAGAS BUT THIS ONE IS AWFUL!
0143034901|5.0|His words are hypnotising and the book lingered in my head for months after I had finished reading it!!
B00192KCQ0|2.0|Ok, I'll admit I've never been the biggest Metallica fan in the world but there's no denying songs like 'Battery', 'Master', 'Seek and Destroy', 'Harvester'... I could go on listing. I even felt the Black album wasn't too bad. It was heavy, sounded good sonically and had some good songs on it. It went bad for a number of years and then this....the promised return to their roots. The 'comeback' album if you will.  They really do try musically to recapture the classic sound without recycling old material and ideas and to some extent, they pull this off. Unfortunately Lars isn't what he once was in the playing dept although he does put in a lot of effort. He's always received stick for his drumming but for the most part I've always thought he's been extremely creative and powered the band along both on and off stage.  The real weakness to this album isn't even the production/ compression/ clipping etc. It's Hetfield's vocals. To me, the moment he opens his mouth and out comes that country style drawl introduced on 'Load' and present ever since, it's unlistenable. WHY didn't someone have the guts to tell him? In the same vein, some of the lyrics, repeated lines really grated on me. e.g. 'What doesn't kill you makes you more strong'... Couldn't you be bothered to write a grammatically correct lyric?  In short, I wanted to like this album. Musically, it's a definate step forwards, despite some lingering elements of last few albums but the vocals spoil the whole effort and despite repeated tries, I still can't listen to it. Sad but True.
030726999X|5.0|......in the trilogy!!  Tip: Keep a lengend with charactor names to make it easier on yourself!!
031606792X|5.0|great Book, like the additional one's that Stephanie has written. Keep up the great writing, Stephanie!
B000HC2LI0|5.0|I have been wanting to purchase the West Wing series for several years now as a gift for my husband, but the price of $250 to $300 was just too steep for me.  Thankfully Amazon tracks what I look at on their site and when their one day sale of this product came up for $99.99, they emailed me and I was on it like white on rice!  I gave it to my husband for father's day and he's been watching one or two episodes every night and raving about how good the show was.  Only thing better would have been if they had not canceled it at all!  Thanks for the email Amazon!
B000WC39ZY|1.0|In any movie you have to have someone to root for.  In this movie DeNiro's character is an absolute scum-bag and Minneli's character is an absolute idiot.  After 30 minutes we pushed the eject button.  What a terrible movie.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|There is not much else I can add to the other reviews of this set. It is fantastic and a must have for any and all S&TC fan or fanatic like me.  I did not have HBO when this show was a hit. I became hooked on the reruns on cable which are edited and cut. This is totally watching it anew with all the edited scenes and dialogue complete.
B003HARV3Y|1.0|Where do I start? How does ANY movie end up being this bad? The books are terrific. I teach at a school for LD kids. We were planning on taking my class to see this piece of junk, not having any idea that something this wretched could come out of such wonderful books. Luckily, my girlfriend and I saw it on opening night - we were very excited about the release. WOW! Throughout this endless pile of dreck that was supposed to have something to do with Percy Jackson, we kept looking at each other in bewilderment. Was it the jive-talking black stereotype that was offensively portraying Grover, the lack of story or characters, Chris Columbus' typically horrid directing (PLEASE do not let this talentless hack direct The Man of Steel!)? All of the above and more, I'm afraid. One of my students who saw it ( we read the book as a class) said it was like some moron just tore out the action scenes from the book, filmed them badly and tossed them onto a movie screen without ever having read the story. This is an unmitigated disaster, especially since it had the potential to become a series of films. You can forget that now! Realizing how horrible this turkey was, the studio started covering it up like it was in a kitty litter box, which is where it deserves to be. Also, shame on the studio PR for planting people to write approving reviews on Amazon. As anyone who saw this movie can attest, nobody who actually saw this could bring themselves to write anything positive about it without getting paid to do so!
B0025VLEM0|5.0|Different kind of humor from your typical comedy.  That's what makes it so good.  Definitely recommend this movie.
B0001I55SS|5.0|this movie having been one of the last miniature used movies scared me as a child with the heaven and hell picturing.  but watching it now really brings to mind the diversity in how people belive in god.  but all in all it is an exciting movie and definately one to watch again and again!
B002UXRGM0|5.0|I loved everything from the footage to the commentary.  Great stuff!!  Looking foward to pick up Planet Earth..
B002WY65VU|4.0|This is a very entertaining and well-acted comedy that just happens to feature a zombie-engulved America.  On a somewhat deeper level, it's interesting to watch how Columbus grows from being the isolated person he was during the pre-zombie days (hence, his refusal to even try to get to know the real names of his co-horts), when the world ws full of people, to someone who ends up forming close bonds with others only after there almost no people left.
B001H68K7Q|5.0|Maybe not Clapton's best, but a dang good one. Pretending, Anything For Your Love, Bad Love, Running On Faith, No Alibis, Old Love, Breaking Point and Before You Accuse Me have all kept me comming back for more over the years. Overproduced in 80's gloss, sure, but, it all pretty much manages to maintain an even keel, nothing too overblown, and, even if there may be other of his own versions of some of these songs that can be thought of as superior, I find all the ones above to be substantially good in their own right and I sicerely feel this disc is indispensable in any good Clapton collection.    As for the SHM version, having already owned the original CD for some years, I recently wanted to take a chance on the sound quality of this (pricey) SHM remaster. From prior experience I can tell you that the SHM factor alone, for the most part, almost always seems to impart a rather nice, warm and organic flavor to things, but it strikes me as a somewhat subtle effect overall, especially when you consider how much the price difference is with SHM imports on the whole. But, I find that when you combine the SHM disc with a reliably good remaster, the value is there - especially if, as in this case, it's the only way available (at the moment, anyway) to get a desireable disc like this one in remastered form. But, for the money, the larger difference may be the quality of the remaster itself, rather than just the fact that it's an SHM disc - but, OTOH, having an SHM version of a good remaster doesn't hurt, either. But, not really having a good idea yet of what to expect, I braced myself for the worst and compared the first track of the original with the remaster. At first, I was taken aback by how similar to each other they seemed to sound - there was absolutely no apparent difference to me tonally, at all. I did notice a slightly better sense of transparency of voices and instruments, but I had to focus a bit on the comparison to spot it reliably, at least in the beginning.Considering the cost, I was beginning to fret that I'd gotten burned, but, as the tracks progressed and I was better able to get my bearings, almost all at once I was able to perceive what has proven to me to be the defining difference: the dynamics were noticably different - especially toward the peaks. It wasn't that the dynamics \\"increased\\" in some unrealistic manner. It's just that by comparison, I was able to grasp for myself just how 'constrained' or 'blunted' the attacks were of the original CD that I'd been listening to all these years had in truth actually been. After many listenings since, subsequent comparisons have come to reward me with a more easily recognized, more dynamic, and more transparent presentation that I now outright prefer and even feel well justified in having pulled the trigger on, despite its cost. But, if you're wondering, I think this version is worth the extra scratch in my opinion, even if you have the original CD and you might be left wanting something more. Some Amazon sellers may occaisionally offer a better deal on it, though.
0521673763|5.0|Excellent primer-plus for students and professionals.  Stahl's book explains some of the most complex mechanics of the neuroscience involved in pharmacology in an easy to understand presentation (drawings included).  The book is so comprehensive that it weighs a ton.  When you're done studying you can use it in your workout routine!  This is one text book that I'm keeping after the finals and will place it on my frequently referred-to book shelf in the office of my practice.
1569242739|3.0|book was in good condition but it looked like someone tried to laminate the cover with packing tape.
B001UJUGZY|4.0|Good movie, good suspense and tension that hold our attention. Good ending too, we don't see it coming... Sarah Michelle Gellar is as usual spectacular, in a part where she doesn't know who or what to believe in. Lee Pace is good too, switching between two different characters that disturbs us as well.
0891419063|5.0|Very good reading. I think a must for anyone that wants to know about what the Marines went through in the Pacific.
B00005RIKD|2.0|Disappointing. I don't have a problem with artists reinventing their songs; in fact, I can't stand it when live versions seem like nothing more than attempts to re-create what was done (better) in the studio. But reinventions don't always work, of course, and most of these arrangements didn't work for me. One problem (mentioned by several reviewers) is that these songs are too much alike; one review said something about \\"langorous\\" playing, and that's the perfect adjective.<br /><br />I'm surprised that no one seems to have mentioned Sting's singing. I don't expect him to be able to hit all the high notes like he used to, but I'm not sure why he felt the need to completely change his vocal style. His voice used to have an appealing, almost vibratoless simplicity to it. Here it is too breathy, too faux-dramatic, and there's too much vibrato. He sounds like an amateur singer of show tunes.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|The is a low cost cup holder for any stroller. It is flexible and you can put other stuff in the middle: like phones, pacifiers, & keys. A great buy for a dad that brings to many things.
006621131X|5.0|Both Patti Smith and Robert Maplethorpe went to \\"The City\\" without money, contacts or a college education. It was a time when jobs, while hard to come by, could be had without a resume and one of those jobs could conceivably pay a rent. Cell phones, personal computers and the rock and roll industry had not yet been developed. It was also a time when homosexuality was not understood or discussed.<br /><br />In the book Patti Smith describes how she and Robert relied on each other for survival, inspiration and companionship.  As Robert discovers his sexuality and they both grow in their art they no longer live together, but still remain a part of each other. There are many touching moments in this friendship.<br /><br />The book also gives the flavor or NYC before the counter culture was co-opted by corporate entertainment. Artists mixed freely without their publicists or body guards. I doubt there are many remnants of this fluid society remaining in the Big Apple.<br /><br />Patti's prose reads as beautifully as her poetry. The text is wonderful. The word choices, the metaphors and the overall unwinding for the story are masterful.<br /><br />All the photos, especially those by Robert, are excellent and add to the reader's appreciation of the people and the time.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book for anyone interested in this period and place or the unique relationship of these two gifted artists.
0439023483|5.0|The Hunger Games  By: Suzanne Collins    A modern gladiator and a survival reality TV show all wrapped up in one thrilling book.  Taking place in Panem, a future country where the United States is presently located, 12 districts struggle for survival following a recent disaster.  Included in this disaster was an uprising of the formally 13 districts against the capitol.  The capitol defeated the 13th district and repressed the other 12 districts. As a reminder to the districts of who is in charge, the capitol hosts the annual \\"hunger games,\\" which all citizens of the country are required to watch.    The games consists of the capitol picking one boy and one girl from each district to fight to the death.  In the book, Katniss, the main character, is forced to take care of her mother and younger sister following her father's death.  This included hunting and gathering food from the forest, where she mastered the bow and arrow, knives, and other survival skills.    As her sisters name is called for the hunger games, Katniss steps forward to take her place to battle against 23 other contestants from the country.  The key to winning isn't just in strength and size; you must also know how to survive in the wilderness, and play the game right to win sponsors from around the country that can assist you by airdropping supplies. The book demonstrates perfectly how Katniss plots, plays, overcomes trials, and defeats all her opponents.     I am not a very big reader, but once I started this book, I could not put it down.  I even dreamed about being in the book for weeks after I had finished it.  Suzanne Collins captures your attention from the first page, and you never lose interest throughout the book.  There is a perfect amount of violence, comedy, and even intimacy to keep the story interesting. I give this book 5 out of 5 stars.
0399246665|5.0|What a great product - durable books with classic Eric Carle animation.  Perfect for my toddler / student.  The format of the books was unexpected - top half of the books flip and turn separately from the bottom half of the books.  At first, I thought this would create confusion.  Instead, it created interest and fascination.
B000BB14YY|2.0|Review in one sentence: This movie has zero energy. What follows is my fragmented, chronological lambasting of this \\"masterpiece.\\"     The characters are cardboard cutouts with very little in terms of actual development. The opening scene begins with an argument between Hidetora and his three sons. It's almost like it assumes retroactive character maturity that was never established to begin with. It would have been nice to see some color in terms of personality, with each of these three key players given some screen time before the big fallout. In the seemingly endless line of miscalculations made on the part of our favorite \\"masterful\\" filmmaker, Akira Kurosawa (\\"AK\\") decides to provide *his* kind of \\"color\\" - vague one-liners. The \\"pranks\\" of the third son are referenced, but we get no actual development of his character (he does have one good moment later on). As for the other two sons, we don't even get AK's fuzzy caricatures. This viewer was left wholly indifferent by all of these sons, and their opaque motivations didn't help matters.    Even worse is the portrayal of the vitally important fifth character. In AK's infinite stupidity, he chooses to have the key puppetmaster (Lady Kaede) simply state that her father and brothers were murdered by Hidetora and that her mother committed suicide. There is ample opportunity for a flashback (or a lengthy opening historical segment) that actually fleshes out her character while allowing the viewer to experience her sorrows directly, but AK simply settles for dull monologue by a one-dimensional personality. At one point (early in the film), she's sitting down and simply states that she's happy to be living in her old residence again. It's an utterly robotic, emotionless, tedious series of statements that are boring as hell. Only AK could portray vengeance in a manner this dull.    We get the first battle and see a bunch of generic guys killing each other with no reason to care who actually wins. Some women that we don't know kill themselves along the way. There are some decent visuals though. Not bad, but not exactly scintillating.    After the battle we get some of the vintage overacting that shows up in most of AK's films. Hidetora goes crazy and frolics in the grasslands. When his two buddies show up to comfort him, he stares into space, opens his mouth as wide as a Pez dispenser, and has a hissy fit while his jester runs around singing. It's a total disaster of dramaticism. But that's not all. Hidetora's buddies carry him to some random shack, only to learn that the resident just so happens to be a dude that got his eyes gauged out by Hidetora years ago. Impractical coincidence alert! So what does this blind dude do to the man who handicapped him for life? Does he curse him? Does he lunge at him with a knife? No. He plays a sad flute song. Hidetora then promptly throws *himself* through a wall. Such a \\"masterful\\" filmmaker, AK is.    We go back to Lady Kaede, who magically goes from stoic carelessness to knife-wielding lunatic in 5 seconds flat, then takes another turn to hysterical crocodile tears only a few minutes later. Hey AK, that flashback would have been REALLY helpful. And do you know what else would have been helpful? A little relationship development between Kaede and the two sons to help the viewer in understanding exactly why these powerful men are wrapped around her little finger. You did have 160 minutes to use here. Why not use them properly for a change?     Over 90 minutes in and we finally get a well-written moment when a stone fox-head is returned to Lady Kaede. Then again, even a broken clock is right twice a day. Of course, AK immediately follows this brief success with another laughable attempt at manipulation. The blind dude and his sister (who has become a target for assassination) are escorted to safety. His sister spots an old castle and tells him about it. He asks where it is. Now, any thoughtful sister would give her blind brother some idea of where this castle is. Perhaps she could take his hand and point it in the right direction. Unfortunately, this is one of those \\"masterful\\" Akira Kurosawa movies, so she simply blurts out \\"Over there!\\" The blind dude turns to the right, turns to the left, and asks \\"Where?\\" Some sad music accompanies this hopelessly incompetent scene where AK so blatantly reminds the viewer that - yes - the blind dude is, in fact, BLIND! Good ole AK wanted the viewer to feel sorry for the blind dude, so he constructs this ridiculous scene to pile it on. I laughed. The direction here is so terribly amateurish that only fanboys could possibly deny AK's clumsy incompetence.    Hidetora gets amnesia and babbles senselessly. Stuff like, \\"Who am I?\\" and \\"I'm lost.\\" \\"Such is the human condition\\", replies the jester. Give me a break. In a truly hilarious moment, the jester tells Hidetora to simply jump off a cliff if he's so disturbed about everything. Hidetora promptly jumps off a cliff. I laughed. Later on, Hidetora suddenly remembers that he has three sons. I'm serious.    We get the final battle, which is pathetic. First of all, the blue samurai army somehow gets their hands on some semi-automatic rifles. What on earth are semi-automatic rifles doing in this period piece? Next, the editing is atrocious. The sequence is so badly cut up that one wonders if a young Paul Greengrass was hired as the action director. Third, the battle strategies suck. The red army rides around in circles while the blue army shoots them down. Not good.    AK finishes things off with his patented overdramaticism. Hidetora even goes so far as to say - out loud, no less - \\"Things are getting dark.\\" Wow. Just wow.
B001IYCMNA|5.0|We have a house in Texas that is about 300ft away from the office. We didn't want to dig a trench and run cables over so we bought two of these. The initial setup was fairly easy. I set the AP's on a static ip on the local LAN and set them both to bridged mode.    Note: We set the AP's up in a window on both ends to get better signal strength. Your results may very depending on your layout. Wireless travels best with no walls and from top, down.
B000YIGNKE|5.0|I liked this version of Persuasion much better. The characters of both the leads have been very nicely protrayed and also this is clear adaptation of the story as in Jane Austen version. I loved the nuances between Anne and Captain much to my delight.
0385523904|5.0|As the title says, this book follows the lives of several individuals living in the most repressive country in the East. I will never forget the story of the bowl of white rice the Dr. found on the ground, and how it put all of her life in perspective (and much of ours also). Beyond the politics, it shows us the struggles of ordinary people just trying to survive, which in their case meant simply not starving to death, and what it was like to watch millions do exactly that, while living in a country that executed people just for making a politically unacceptable joke or offhand remark. Do not turn yourself away from the truth of North Korea today. Read this book and know and care about what is happening to a whole nation suffering there today.
B002XTBE6K|3.0|all in all was a pretty good adaptation of the Jane Austen novel. Like the characters of Emma and John Knightley pretty nice. Also in total Jane Fairfax and Frank Churchhill have also been shown in good progress here.
0399156577|1.0|I usually love Nora Roberts.  I love dogs, too.  However, I thought I was buying romantic suspense, not the latest dog whisperer \\"how to\\".  The main characters were boring, especially the hero, who never really had good motivation for acting like such a jerk. The heroine used \\"not wanting to be a victim\\" as an excuse to do stupid things.  The dogs were actually more interesting than the humans.  It was a chore to get through the first part, picked up a little in the second but fell flat in the third. In fact, the ending was so bland, I was wondering if she just quit writing to meet a deadline.  It's the first Nora Roberts book that I've wanted to chuck against the wall in frustration. Suffice to say, it is not worth a hard cover price.  Or even the paper back price, for that matter.
0439023491|5.0|In Catching Fire, it's time for The Hunger Games in the capitol again and this year, it's the Quarter Quell. Every 25 years, there is a new twist to The Hunger Games. These twists are used by the capitol as a way to make sure the districts continue to repent for their actions against the capitol years ago. When the twist was announced, I can even describe how wide my eyes became. Oh, the shock and the horror. It took just about half of the book before The Hunger Games began, but every moment of build up and back story was worth it.<br /><br />As was the way in The Hunger Games, the tears started early and occurred often in Catching Fire. It was so emotionally raw that I think every single character made me cry at some point in the book. Katniss coming to terms with having to choose between Peeta and Gale was less emotional that it could have been though. Being that we don't see her with Gale all that often and their conversations lean more towards hostile friendship than love, I find her indecision confusing. She obviously belongs with Peeta and everyone, sometimes even Gale, seems to get that. The most striking, heart-wrenching scenes were from an unexpected source - Cinna. Katniss' personal stylist proves to be so unbelievable devoted to her and their friendship throughout the book that I almost couldn't even stand it. Can I just be Team Cinna?<br /><br />I am so glad I waited a little while after The Hunger Games to read Catching Fire. I don't think I could have survived a huge wait between this book and the release of Mockingjay. The powerful ending left me needing to know what happens at once. Catching Fire was simply amazing. I was never able to predict what was going to happen next and found myself totally in the moment for the entire book. It was like I was just along for the ride and my sole task was just to enjoy the experience. Absolutely brilliant beginning to end.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|My husband and I love this show. Every week we dvr'd it but never could wait to see it so we ended up watching it as soon as it came on. Flash Forward always had us guessing and impatiently waiting for the next episode. We are crushed that the series got cancelled but hopeful that it will continue somehow, somewhere.
B0036B8MXC|5.0|While this show isn't for the faint of heart, it is a bloodthirsty good time. My husband didn't even want to watch it but I insisted. It can be hard to watch at times but overall a brilliant show. It just kept getting better with every episode: the action, the lies and betrayal, and gorgeous men. Then>>> a season finale to end all finales. I love this show and cannot wait for it's return. Best wishes to Andy Whitfield on his recovery as well....
0439023483|4.0|I finally bought this book the other day, it took about a day to finish. It's pretty short and the narrative is extremely easy and simple. It's a quick-read. But...I wasn't as impressed as I felt I should be after all the raving attention this novel has gotten. That's not to say I didn't enjoy the book, but I found some things lacking, and the writing style really bothered me at times. Let me give you a break down about the good and the bad (in my humble opinion, at least).     The plot is pretty linear, except for a view nice moments of \\"flashback\\". It's not really a bad thing, but the only problem was that for the majority of the novel, you knew where it was going or what was going to happen next. I suppose I'm mostly referring to the first half of the book. The author reveals information about the games via little bits of info-dump along the way, explaining how everything works before we actually see it in action (example would) THe setup of the games is pretty interesting, with extravegant styling and interviews and train sessions, but it would've been so much more interesting if we didn't know what was going to happen next until it actually happened to Katniss. We know she knows how it works because she's sees the games on TV before, but that doesn't mean she has to explain it all to the readers beforehand. That was probably the biggest pain. It seemed a bit like a lazy way to get it all across.     I did enjoy the flashbacks. The author writes flashbacks well, having the present moment meld into memory and then meld back into present again. None of that annoying italicsized memory stuff, none of being shoved out of the story and into another one and shoved back again. The flashbacks also reveal necessary moments (my favorite being the time when a younger Peeta gives a younger Katniss the burnt bread), and they appear at the right times (such as when Peeta asks to hear a happy story, and judging by the state he's in at the time, that's a very reasonable request). In fact, Katniss's flashback about Peeta was probably one of my favorite parts of the story, besides the moments with one of my favorite characters, Rue.    About the characters: Katniss didn't really do anything special for me. I felt her confusion over Peeta quite well, but nothing really stood out for me that made her a really likeable or memorable character among the millions of others that I already know. I was hoping she'd be more...cool...but that's just me. Peeta's character is pretty well done (quick note: I knew Peeta existed before i read the book, and i had the habit of calling him peeta-bread, and that was before i found out he's a baker's son. is that some sort of sick joke??). There's one point pretty late in the book where Katniss says \\"Peeta is unpredictable,\\" and i had to go \\"YES! That's the word I was looking for this whole time. You can't tell what he's thinking or what his motivations are, which works, considering that the whole story comes from Katniss's point of view. Rue is great little character that I actually liked better than the protagonist Katniss. The other characters--the tributes and the Capitol people--play their part but do little beyond that. Haymitch is probably the most interesting adult character.    The horror of the premise didn't attack me as well. That is, I wasn't completely freaked by the deaths or revolted and horrified by what was happening, and the suspense was worn down by the fact that you knew either way she'd make it out alive...but that could be because i already had a decent idea of what the story was about, or because I've already read the three books currently out from Michael Grant's [[ASIN:0061448788 Gone]] series (seriously, if you though Cato was bad, you should meet Drake Merwin).     I think the book was simply over-hyped for me, which isn't the book's fault. Maybe that'll change if i read the sequel, which I plan to do at some point just because I myself would really like to understand Peeta. I likedhim a lot. Good book, but mind-blowing. I hope in future books Katniss's character develops better.
B001UV4XFG|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this third installment of the Twilight series.  It begins with an attack on a rainy night at a dock in the Seattle area.  The next day, the newspapers are talking about a serial killer in the Georgetown Alley area.  Bella's father, Charlie (the Forks policeman), talks with the parents of a missing teenage boy.<br /><br />Bella and Edward are still talking about their future, and this time about marriage. Bella still wants to be \\"turned\\" so she can NOT grow old with Edward.  She believes that right after upcoming graduation might be a good time. Not knowing about the upcoming wedding plans, Charlie wants Bella to see other friends, including Jacob (the werewolf), and spend a little less time with Edward.  Bella tries to re-establish contact with Jacob.  At the same time, she begins to think in terms of doing her \\"farewells\\" to people (like mom) who she won't see after she becomes a vampirette.<br /><br />Meanwhile, there is a group of \\"Newborns\\" forming a small army under Victoria.  The lively redheaded bloodsucker is still after Bella to revenge the death of her former bloodsucking beau.  (The Newborns are the term given to newly made vampires. In their first year of being turned, they are incredibly strong and vicious.) Victoria's plan is to use her army to destroy the Cullens and get Bella.<br /><br />Jacob also expresses his love for Bella and we again meet the werewolf clan, who agree to help with the Newborn situation. The Volkirie also appear to put their 2 cents in. (The head of the Board of Vampires.)<br /><br />The storyline is enjoyable, the scenery is great, and I love the wolves.  They are huge and so neat looking.  BTW, I have not read any of the books, so my review is based strictly on following all 3 movies.<br /><br />So, should Bella marry Edward and become a vampiress, or should she marry Jacob and have wolf puppies? Both guys love her. (Personally, I would take the guy with the body heat! Aaaaaa-oooooooooo!)
0307271862|2.0|I had high hopes for this book after the opening scene and once the main character was introduced. However, this book jumps around too much and loses its focus as the plot makes an abrupt detour into Chinese history. There are no elements of suspense and the main character tries to piece together the mystery without any excitement or \\"ah ha\\" moments. Although I did enjoy learning more about Chinese history, I struggled to get through chapters towards the end that seemed random and disconnected. I also thought the Chinese characters in the book were dull and one-sided.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I was searching for an alternative to showing SuperSize Me in my anatomy and physiology class (grades 11-12) for the nutrition unit.  Most high school students at my school had seen SuperSize Me in their health class.  Food Inc should be carefully previewed prior to showing in your class.  There are a few scenes that you may want to skip if you have sensitive/younger students in your class.  On the other hand, showing the entire film can facilitate discussion about the food industry.
144471032X|5.0|perfect shopping experience / ordered item came fast well packed and in excellent condition.  The book has plenty of information spotted on all interest topics.  There are a lot of recipes, details and tips for conquering your goals.   The described program is easy to follow.   Instructions are clear.  Results are visible.
B003SWU9R6|5.0|Master Piece and MUST OWN !!     my favorites songs includes ...    1. No Love    2. I like the way you lie    3. Not afraid    4. #17 song
0375842381|5.0|I am extremely picky about the books that I read. I love fantasy, but I find that many books of all genres are unable to keep my attention. I read The Golden Compass in two days. I read during lunch at work. It is extremely clever, the writing is sublime. I ordered the second and third book immediately. I am a huge Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings fan. I find it difficult to find fantasy books that are even comparatively well-done. This series is absolutely sensational. I look forward to the other installments.
B002N8A14M|5.0|I'm not an arm band wearer by any means, I was just looking for a case I could stick my nano in and clip it to my running shorts. This was exactly what I was looking for. The clip is removable. I switched it around so that it is upside down from the direction it was when it came. That way I can look down on my ipod and see the screen. Love that the case gives me access to the click wheel. This is perfect for anyone looking for a great clip to use with the Nike + ipod gear. Bonus for me-I was able to buy two from here for the price my local Best Buy was selling them. =)
0618918248|2.0|The book is more emotional than factual and more obvious than intriguing.<br /><br />Dawkins writes like he intends to preach to the choir and because of that he comes off a lot like the hyper religious he dislikes so much.
0894803123|5.0|My wife and I grew up eating home made ice cream so when I bought an ice cream maker I bought this book. Great recipies, I have had the ice cream maker for 4 days and have made butter pecan and vanilla ice cream plus lemon sorbet from the recipies in this book. All were great.. For years my wife had to listen to me rave about Grandma's home made ice cream, well this is better, Grandma would approve. I can't wait to try more of the recipies and am allready looking for stuff to make/add on my own. Easy and fast to make, cheaper than store bought premium ice cream.
0385495323|5.0|I bought this book several years ago and enjoyed every aspect of it. It is a nice blend to tech and history. This is a great book for anyone interested in encipherment of information.
0385528752|5.0|Switch is a great book -- one or two levels above the usual pop-psych, pop-business improvement books. The elephant/driver/pathway paradigm is very useful in helping rethink relationships from spouse to boss to clients (congregants, in my case).<br /><br />You know what I really like about Switch -- it includes intellect, emotions and gut reactions in its analysis, and suggests simple solutions to huge problems. The examples are also very helpful.
030745455X|4.0|If you liked \\"Dragon Tattoo\\" you will definitely like this as well.  There is more of a focus on Lisabeth Salander in this book, which I think is a good thing.  There's not too much I want to write about this book except that it is a satisfying thriller.  It's not Shakespeare, it's not the best book ever.  It is just a fun read.  Great for the beach!
B00192IV0O|4.0|This is a fun CD go out and get it. If I should take a poll of the music group I listen to the most it would be BEP. I love the way they carry the rap all the way across other music genre and culture resulting entertainment that lifts your spirit.
030726999X|4.0|I'm unsure of how many trilogies I have read.  I know I have read The Mutiny on the Bounty trilogy and the Lord of the Rings.  This trilogy by Larsson is not better than either of the above.  Anyone who thinks this is better that LOTR is crazy or has terrible taste in literature.  Still, it was a fun month of June reading these three novels.  I have no regrets and if you like well written fast paced thrillers then you will like this.  These books were fine - there is absolutely no need to get into a long winded review that dissects every part of the book.  Take these books on vacation with you and enjoy.  Peace.
B001K98MFA|4.0|Picking up some time after the first Ghost in the Shell, Batou is teamed up with a new partner named Togusa who is not cyberized like Batou.  Throughout the movie I couldn't help but to see how well this movie was in terms of animation, and if I can say that I think that they out did themselves with this movie.  Although the story itself, didn't really resolve itself but overall I think the overall story was still entertaining to me.  Although with the other reviews about this I wonder if they're referring to Volume 2 of the release or not, but they should pick up this one if they want english voices and all.  Overall I give Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence a 4.5 stars out of 5.
1400049628|3.0|Based on rave reviews I picked this book up to expect a nice story but it wasn't what I expected.  Instead, this book is a set of instructions and records on how to survive in a world dominated by zombies.<br /><br />I'm not an avid fiction reader but I give credit to the author for his attention to detail down to the very minute details.  Truly imaginative and creative but value-wise, it doesn't add much.  It does provide a bit of entertainment because of how ridiculous the notion of zombies really is.<br /><br />Looking deeper, I guess, its a satirical view of the world and its inhabitants.
B000VZGK3K|4.0|This is an excellent movie that shows the brilliance and illness of a legend.  The acting cannot be faulted.  Everyone does their job well.<br /><br />I can't say great things about the blu-ray because it really didn't enhance anything.  That said, for $10.00 I won't complain.  If you have the DVD, don't bother with the blu-ray.  If you don't, it will be 10 bucks well spent.
0812974611|3.0|The waters have stopped flowing from the aquedect - who you gonna call? Dambusters! The water engineer heads out amid widespread corruption in Pompeii, thwarts a murder plot, finds out what happened to his predecessor, falls in love, and investigates the ominous rumbling from the nearby Vesuvius.<br /><br />Sounds good no? Harris is good at building up the air of menace in the days preceding the eruption. Every action can be looked at as minor compared to the devastation coming and he really does a great job of creating an atmosphere of anticipation in the reader. He's also done a great job at recreating the feel of living in Roman times, as well as supplying a lot of information on Roman aqueducts giving you a sense of awe and genius for the Roman Empire.<br /><br />Where he falls down though is in the characterisation. Attilius, the engineer, is the hero. He's a stoic, good looking gent who sends his pay home to his mother and sister in Rome. He doesn't take bribes, he's hardworking, and is disliked for his strict attention to detail (all for the good of Rome naturally). He's so perfect in fact that he's boring. But he's not alone. A equally dreary love interest is introduced who meets the engineer no more than 3 times briefly but over the course of those 3 encounters the reader is supposed to buy that they have fallen madly in love and would die for each other. The whole reason for the engineer to rush back to Pompeii after escaping it is because of this love interest and as such everything feels very contrived.<br /><br />It's this lack of convincing that stops the reader in their tracks because there's no real reason, once the eruptions start, to care what the engineer's motivations are. He's a paper thin cardboard cut out and so is his love interest. So what?<br /><br />The third act also falls down. Harris does a great job of setting the scene but once Vesuvius erupts he somehow manages to make it boring. For a thriller to fail in the third act is not a good sign and I could quite easily put the book down and do anything else.<br /><br />It's not a bad novel by any means it just seems trite at times which spoils the overall effect. Harris has obviously done his research, it's just a shame the same effort didn't go into making an interesting enough scenario to take place during this immense natural disaster or characters worth caring about.sign and I could quite easily put the book down and do anything else.<br /><br />It's not a bad novel by any means it just seems trite at times which spoils the overall effect. Harris has obviously done his research, it's just a shame the same effort didn't go into making an interesting enough scenario to take place during this immense natural disaster or characters worth caring about.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|Works as well as any other wire we use in our house at a fraction of the cost.  Along with quick delivery only wires I buy these days.
B000001GK9|5.0|Like many reviewers here, the reputation of this recording of Gustav Mahler's Ninth Symphony has preceded my actual hearing of the music. My first encounter with the Ninth was the recording (on LP) by Bruno Walter made with the Columbia Symphony Orchestra.  More recently, I have become familiar with Walter's 1938 recording with the Vienna Philharmonic.  It is interesting to observe how Bruno Walter's tempi became expansive over the years.  The first movement of the 1938 recording came in at 25 minutes while in the Columbia it clocks in at over 29 minutes.<br /><br />This recording by Herbert von Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic is reminiscent of the latter Walter.  The Karajan recording is, of course, far better recorded and succeeds in bringing out Mahler's orchestration with sharp clarity.  The only problem I had was the Landler movement seemed a bit plodding.  The Rondo-Burleske has all the intensity one could desire. The opening Andante and the Adagio are beautifully paced to give full expression to the contrasting lyrical and melancholy melodies.  The shaping of both movements is masterful and the Berlin Philharmonic plays with real authority.  I would number Karajan's recording among the best recordings of Mahler's Ninth Symphony. In a field that is becoming very crowded with fine recordings, Karajan's is one of the stars.<br /><br />I do take issue with the notion described in the notes that Mahler might have \\"died any moment\\" as providing the emotional touchstone for the Adagio.  Today, there is a better understanding that Mahler's heart condition was not a fatal one but a defective heart value caused by rheumatic fever.  His fatal illness was a bacterial infection. He even conducted a concert in February 1911 with a 104-degree fever at the onset of the infection.  Mahler did not intend his Ninth Symphony as his valedictory; he was at work on his Tenth Symphony up to his final illness.
B002U6CJO2|4.0|Although I have to admit that I don't watch many animes and it's like a rare thing for me to go about watching them in the first place.  While the first anime that I ever watched was one of the big known ones, known as 'Akira' and enjoyed that one.  With Ghost in the Shell, it reminds me of how Akira is and with this one, it is near how well Akira is but is much different from that.  Ghost in the Shell deals with a organization better known as 'Section 9' with Chief Aramaki leading the unit.  While the top two are sent out to investigate a hacker that is known as the Puppetmaster and find out what his motives are for what he's doing, but just when they think they found him it wasn't him.  This 'Puppetmaster' will have you guessing who he is throughout the movie and on the edge of your seat for most of the movie.  I give Ghost in the Shell 4 stars out of 5.
B0021L8UPS|3.0|After suffering the stillborn death of their daughter, a string of infidelities, and a drunk-driving accident that seemingly left their daughter Max mostly deaf, John and Kate have decided to adopt another child.  Too bad this particular \\"child\\" happens to have the moral compass of Beelzebub.  While the end offers enough twists and turns to satisfy fans of the genre, the movie as a whole could use more polish.  It's slow to start and never fully develops any of its many (MANY) themes--adultery, adoption, mother's intuition, drug and alcohol abuse, child abuse, grieving, loss, marriage, postpartum depression, I could go on but I won't.  75% of the way through the movie, I became frustrated at how many eggs had been dropped and none of them picked back up. Points to the writers for trying to add some depth to the story, but sadly, the execution was lost in translation.    You might also like:  [[ASIN:B00013RC7K The Good Son]]  [[ASIN:B00027JYNK The Bad Seed]]  [[ASIN:B0026LQM2Q The Unborn]]  [[ASIN:B00003CXCF Rosemary's Baby]]  [[ASIN:B001ARDBWG The Omen [Blu-ray]]]
B003HARV3Y|1.0|Twenty minutes into the film my wife turned to me and asked \\"Is it just me or does this movie really suck?\\" I was already so bored my mind was wandering. Terrible dialogue, a tiny little idea of a story that they thought they could disguise with inflated effects, no character development (hell, you'd have to actually have a character to develop), and the pacing was on a par with one of those cheapo made for SyFy channel throwaways. Do not waste your eyes on this empty mess.
0385335997|5.0|This book by Diana Gabaldon was recieved in good condition. It was the most awesome book I have read in a good long time.
030745455X|2.0|Punk computer hacker Elisabeth Salander and investigative reporter Mikael Blomkvist are back in business. This time Blomkvist has to track Salander, who may or may not have committed a triple homicide. I loved Dragon Tatoo but this inferior sequel falters on a number of fronts, mainly in terms of structure.<br /><br />First, there's nearly 150 page prologue which has nothing to do with the main plot. Then after the murder, Larrson's most facinating character, Salander, disappears for the next 200 pages. In her stead we are introduced to an entire police unit who is charged with tracking her down. These characters take up 200 pages and fail to catch her. They don't even come close. The reader could literally skip over all their chapters and not miss anything. Larrson also introduces Salander's sometimes girlfriend and an ex-pro boxer who also hunt Salander unsuccessfully. While these characters are interesting, we're essentially left with a book where the main protagonists, Salander and Blomkvist do little protaging.  They pretty much kick back while a bunch of other characters tackle the mystery.<br /><br />While Tatoo's ending was generally shocking, this ending was not. It's not entirely predictable but it's not entirely thrilling. Rather than being scary, the main villain ends up rather hokey.  Also, there's a notable lack of a denouement. The book simply ends, rather jarringly for abook that spends 2/3 or the pages on set-up.<br /><br />Not not bad but dissapointing.<br /><br />One last note. Larrson's books often depict men as sexual predators. Here, Salander, the supposed heroine and victim of sexual abuse herself has a sexual relationship with a 16 year old boy, and it's depicted as no big deal. Apparently in Europe that's OK. Here in the U.S. she'd be jailed as a child molester. For all my friends who think Europe is sexualy enlightened while in the U.S. we're sexually repressed Puritans, it's interesting to note that in Sweden the age of consent is 15 years old. Now THAT is the creepiest part of the book.creepiest part of the book.
B002L5CNRA|5.0|I grew up in the 60's. This movie brings back so many memories, especially the music. A Bronx Tale is one of my favorite movies of all time...a true classic!
B000PWQPAC|4.0|At first I was wondering if this movie was based on the TV series of Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex or if it was a movie that continued the story of the movie franchise portion of Ghost in the Shell.  The movie takes place at some point after the Stand Alone Complex, 2nd Gig had ended, and Major had resigned from Section 9.  This is like what I would consider the series finale for the whole Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex storyline and possibly help bring it to a close to most of us.  I feel that this helps bring Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex to a close or may help understand some of the other things that had gone in in the TV series.  I give Ghost in the Shell: Solid State Society 4.5 stars out of 5.
B0037ODU3U|1.0|Robocop DVD + BluRay. Dont buy it!!, Dont buy it!!. This is as bad as most reviewers say!!. I own some others BR of old movies with bad quality reviews, but they arent so bad, they are ok to me. Uff!!, but this one... is terrible!!, is an offense!!. Just one thing good, there is some new shots, i havent seen before... how many?, i will never know, i dont intent to see the whole movie.
B001GCUNWQ|5.0|I just Love watching all of the Ice Age Movies. I'm never let down. Worth owning.
B002ZTIIXK|4.0|I always find compilations a bit suspect, especially when they include \\"previously unreleased material\\". One can't help but wonder if there wasn't a perfectly fine reason these were never released, specifically because they simply aren't all that good; they didn't make the cut. This is not the case here, though, as lang lends her lovely voice and writing skills (she co-wrote three of the 11 previously unreleased songs) to this effort. I am left to wonder why some of these superb renditions were never put out there, and her version of Lennon and McCartney's \\"Golden Slumbers/The End\\" is particularly beautiful.<br /><br />Of course, much of these are not in fact being heard here for the first time. I am not enough of an aficionado to know the entire history of these songs, but I know that Jane Siberry released this version of \\"Calling All Angels\\" years ago. I also believe the duet with Tony Bennett was released by him (I know I've heard it before), and I have heard her version of Cole Porter's \\"Love for Sale\\" prior to this. Still and all, it is great to have them all in one place, and to have an alternate version of her stupendous rendition of Leonard Cohen's \\"Hallelujah\\" is an added bonus.<br /><br />The first disk of this set is not as inspiring, simply because it is something of a miniature Greatest Hits, and there is little need to release them here except to beef up what would otherwise have been a rather thin compilation. As with any such selection of 11 songs, there will be debate over which should have been included, but I think it would be indisputable that better choices may have been made.<br /><br />All in all, though, buy this album for the second disk of \\"unreleased\\" songs and you will not be disappointed. A great overview of a splendid talent.
B001H5X7KC|4.0|This is a great comedy.  Great locations.  Great visuals.  At the end of the day, Downey, Jr. carries the show.  The movie is worth a look for him alone.    Unfortunately, PS3 owners beware.  I, and several other owners, have recently found that this disc will not play in our systems.  This is a fairly recent development which likely seems related to a recent PS3 firmware update.  Buyer beware.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|I decided to pick up A Game of Thrones after reading details/casting news about the upcoming HBO series, and man am I glad I did. I know this story is far from new, and with several reviews there really isn't much left to be said, but I feel like it deserves praise nonetheless. I'm a huge fan of fiction and fantasy, and out of everything I've read there's never been a fantasy novel that's seemed so real and possible. The story unfolds from multiple viewpoints, and the characters are all intriguing with their own motivations and desires. They're all very human. Some people criticized it for being \\"a medieval story and not a fantasy\\", I never got that vibe. There's still some fantasy elements, they just don't overwhelm the story and it makes the whole world seem much more real. As with real life, this is riddled with tragedy and despair as well as love and hope, you never get comfortable enough to think a character is off limits, and I think that more than anything is what keeps the pages turning.<br /><br />Easily the best fantasy novel I've ever read and I look forward to the rest of the series. Buy this, you will not be disappointed.
B001QOGYBI|5.0|Great cartoon movie for adults as well as my 6 year old daughter - who watched it 4X over the weekend.  Thank you.
B0015DROBO|4.0|As with just about everyone, I heard about the book by word of mouth.  I decided to download it to my Kindle and, after reading the sample, thought it was worth the $7.15 gamble.  After eventually getting around to the book, I made it through a few chapters and thought it was OK.  I almost put it down (or, more accurately, started moved on to the next book on the Kindle), but I decided to press on in light of the buzz Larsson's books have generated.  I'm glad I did.<br /><br />Perhaps it is because it was Larsson's first book and, presumably, he wrote the earlier sections first, but the book took a while to get into.  Don't let that stop you.  Once I made it into the heart of the book, it was enthralling and I had a hard time putting it down.  Indeed, I was so taken with it that I wandered off to another room when I got within striking distance of the finish so I could read after my wife had gone to sleep.<br /><br />Larsson's strength is not character, at least not in this novel.  Blomkvist, the primary protagonist, just isn't all that interesting, and I didn't care much about his background and life.  Salander has a little more depth, and she starts to really come through by the end; you can tell that her psychology (and psychopathy) is going to shine at some point, just not in this book.  Larsson's strength is, instead, a story that keeps you hooked.  In that respect, this book was somewhat like Neil Stephenson's books:  One dimensional characters of vague interest in vaguely absurd settings that keep your eyes on the page and your mind so engaged you can't put it down.
630460288X|5.0|Very corny! Totally a 'B' movie, but got to have it in your collection. Sandra Bullock and Benjamin Bratt are so... cool.
B000RZGFZC|5.0|Slayer are the kings of thrash metal, hell they're kings of metal in general. Seasons in the Abyss, is my favorite of their albums. But choosing a favorite Slayer album is like trying to choose a favorite child; because Reign in Blood, South of Heaven, and Seasons in the Abyss are all equally mind blowing. However this album sticks out more then the other two for me. The track, \\"Skeletons of Society\\" is my favorite song on this album, it's the epitome of the word awesome. The album cover imagery is dark and gruesome, much like all the material covered through out the album's lyrics. For those new to Slayer I can't recommend this album enough. Then new fans should go and pick up, Reign in Blood and then South of Heaven for the complete Slayer mind melting experience.   \m/ {@_@} \m/
B0001DMPVI|4.0|In Spanish. En este Album, Eric Burdon junto con sus nuevos Animales nos ingresa justo a las sensaciones y sonidos que imperaban en San Francisco justo en la etapa psicod&eacute;lica. Si esperaban escuchar el rock bluesero de discos anteriores, olv&iacute;denlo. Este es un muy buen disco representativo de los tiempos donde el amor era la b&uacute;squeda y la respuesta. Donde la potente voz de Burdon sigue siendo punto de referencia.
B0010AN7Z4|5.0|Thanks so much for a great transaction.  Item was received as described and in a timely manner.  This was given as a gift and worked well with no problems.  A+
B003TNM2K6|5.0|The last person to give a review was reviewing the performance of amazon video on demand not the movie. I read the book and I have to say that it is true to the book for the most part except for the ending in the movie is totally different from the book. I hate the ending in the movie. Other than that I love the movie. If you are not a Stephen King fan or hate monster movies you will not like this movie.
B002UNMW7O|5.0|Fantastic movie.  Pretty original, as far as storyline and concept are concerned.  Sort of \\"Death Wish\\" and \\"The Brave One\\" type movie.  The play off with the brothers is also a great - like the buddy system used in only a few great movies like \\"Leathal Weapon\\".   Funny, with a lot of violence and never a dull moment. The addition of the comic relief (C. Collins), I did not think would work at first, but it did and improved the movie immensely. Their \\"unique brand of quasi-spiritual justice\\" is the real interesting part of the storyline, sort of Christian vigilantes on a mission.
B002C6K7N0|3.0|THE LAST CD UNITED ABOMINATIONS THAT WAS AWSOME!!! IT SEEMS AS THOUGH THIS ONE DID NOT HAVE THE DAVE ANGER IN IT
B0028NSE3M|5.0|MAN!!--MAN!!--MAN!!<br />The memories for me associated with this classic album! (-:<br />It brings back my childhood watching my parents and older cousins<br />\\"do their thing\\" at the house parties, card parties, BBQ's/Fish-Fries, etc.<br />that they would throw in my family back then when they were all young<br />and many who are gone now were still around.<br /><br />Issac Hayes served notice to the musical world of 1969<br />that HIS MOMENT had indeed ARRIVED and he was so much more<br />than just being part of the great Stax Records songwriting/producing<br />team of Hayes & Porter, who had given the label it's core sound<br />during the mid 60's with classics performed by Sam & Dave, Otis Redding<br />and others. This was a MAJOR DEPARTURE from the standard STAX sound<br />and a glimpse into the bright & funky future of the 1970's and beyond!<br />I always say that Curtis Mayfield, Sly Stone, Issac Hayes, Stevie Wonder<br />and Marvin Gaye did more to establish that black music was so much more<br />sophisticated than it's simple gut-bucket beginnings than any other artists<br />of their generation. They were the forerunners for Barry White, P-Funk,<br />The Isley Brothers 70's T-Neck Years, and many others that came after them.<br /><br />From the opening notes of Issac Hayes' classic sleek, seductive and<br />infinitely funky re-working of the Burt Bachrach/Hal David via Dionne Warwick<br />1964 pop classic \\"WALK ON BY\\", you just know that this is something very special!<br />The sweeping orchestration is epic!---The funky-as-a-pot-of-chittlins rhythm section,<br />replete with fuzztone & wah-wah guitars, percolating bass line, echoplex &<br />other trippy psychedelic effects, and drums that sounded like the drummer<br />reached way back and came down on the snare with such force that the drum kit had<br />to be riveted to the floor! This is an 11 minute soul-funk opus that is just<br />timeless and still BAD 2 DEATH 40 years later!!<br />So many hip-hop careers have been made sampling from the riffs<br />and licks off of Issac Hayes's 1969-1973 work that it's ridiculous!<br />But not just hip-hop and R&B, but pop, rock and alternative too! (Oh yeah!)<br />He has to be right up there with James Brown, Sly Stone, P-Funk, Curtis Mayfield<br />and others for number of songs dissected, sampled, and in some cases, downright<br />plagiarized by hip-hop and modern R&B producers who have the nerve to label themselves<br />as modern musical geniuses! HA!!--Yeah, right! (-:<br /><br />Track 2 is another one of those almighty funk-rock bomb jamz which influenced<br />so many generations since then and has been sampled to death....<br />The stank-funky 9-plus minutes long \\"HYPERBOLICSYLLABISTICSESQUEDALYMYSTIC\\",<br />with it's heavy wah-wah, rolling way-out piano, sick bassline, more of<br />that hellacious drumming...<br />MAN!!---It's just southern-pimp-a-delic-groovalistic-funk at it's best! (-:<br /><br />Track 3 is a relatively short (5-plus minute) exercise in soulful romance<br />advice called \\"ONE WOMAN\\", where Brother Ike basically sermonizes about what<br />it is like to torn between the virtuous woman who you have at home;<br />who you have made your wife and the mother of your children,<br />and they fun, flashy, and (perhaps) more sexually liberated, side chick<br />who you are kickin' it with across town.<br /><br />Track 4, and amazingly the final track on the album is Issac's classic<br />re-working of Jimmy Webb's country classic \\"By The Time I Get To Phoenix\\",<br />which introduced the world to one of Ike's trademark \\"raps\\"<br />over a sustained organ chord, with sparse bass line and rimshot/high-hat<br />timekeeping underneath as Issac spins an 8-plus minute tale, building & building,<br />finally climaxing into the actual song, replete with horns and strings,<br />which lasts a full 18 minutes and 42 minutes!  WOW!!<br /><br />Let me tell those who don't know already....this was a very innovative<br />album forit's time and changed the game on so many levels:<br />The length of what a song could be, arranging & orchestration,<br />production techniques which were cutting edge for black music at that time,<br />everything was all about BIG RICH SOUND!!<br />Issac Hayes voice was also innovative for that time and his baritone crooning<br />filled with longing and sensitivity while still maintaining his masculinity<br />and that low bass rumble which drove the women crazy of that time!<br />No disrespect to the late great Maestro Barry White, but Issac Hayes had<br />planted that flag in the \\"soul dirt\\" 5 yrs before him! (-:<br />This album was also perfect for the then new & emerging FM RADIO,<br />where emphasis was being placed on whole albums instead of just 2 minute singles like before.<br />This album was a HUGE SELLER in it's time and literally saved STAX records,<br />who had foolishly signed away the rights to their previous publishing catalogue<br />and all the great artists and songs therein to Atlantic Records in May of 1968.<br />Damn!!--Talk about bone-head moves!<br />After an unsuccessful attempt before this album for Issac Hayes to go solo<br />and break free of the whole behind-the-scenes staff songwriter-producer<br />thing, \\"HOT BUTTERED SOUL\\" was his second attempt, and boy did it work!<br />Again, I can't emphasized enough how important and influential this record<br />was in it's time, and it's influence extends way into the future!<br />If you haven't listened to it before, PLEASE CHECK IT OUT!!<br /><br />A BONNIFIED SOUL/FUNK CLASSIC that has been remastered to perfection!<br /><br />REST IN PEACE ISSAC HAYES aka BLACK MOSES!! (1942-2008)
030726999X|1.0|I keep looking for a book that I love more than Please Listen by Carrie Valandingham and I just cant seem to find one. A[...] guess the search continues. This book was good for those who like trilogy's but not my style.
B003EYVXSM|5.0|MicMacs has a plot that defies summation, characters who each are more fantastic than the next, and the sheer joie de vivre that Jean-Pierre Jeunet brings to all of his delightful works. Here his clowns are up against the true clowns of today's world--vicious, selfish, heartless arms dealers. The boys and girls on Our Side must dive deep into their junkyard to find the tools to defeat these evil beings. And just why are they doing it? Because it's right, that's why! Needless to say, the baddies are defeated, the goodies are triumphant, and the whole flies by like a many-ringed circus performance.
044654146X|5.0|Technology CEOs and leaders need to understand the innovation culture and entrepreneurial spirit of Israel's high tech sector for two reasons.  The first reason is defensive.  Odds are high that you will be competing with an Israeli startup that disrupts your industry with new semiconductor, software, security or medical device products.  The second reason is opportunistic.  Israel's economy is very open to outside investment. There is an opportunity to partner with Israeli companies to gain access to its talent base as Cisco, Intel and Microsoft have.      This book is full of fascinating insights about how this country of 7M people has grown 50X in the past 60 years to become the world leader in R&D spending with as much venture capital funding as Germany and France combined.  Perhaps, most fascinating was the extent to which the compulsory 2-3 years of military service that every Israeli is a key catalyst the country's entrepreneurial culture.  Even more interesting is why other countries such as South Korea and Singapore with similar military policies do not enjoy the same levels of innovation.  The authors also explain why surrounding Arab nations, which have invested billions in building out university systems and attracting foreign companies, have failed to achieve the same levels of economic benefit.    The book is extremely well written making it easy and enjoyable to read.  I finished it in two days.
B000SINT52|4.0|I was very pleased with the movie. I thought it was insightful and accurate. No matter what your political leanings it is a eyeopener to the state of affairs in this once great nation. Look at the definition of the word \\" facism \\" and that sure looks like what's going in america in 2010. The bankers own the corporations who own our politicans. The enslavement of our future generations to reduced standards of living are on the way should \\" we the people \\" choose to not revolt.
B00004S35Z|5.0|After the sweeping success of 1973's now iconic \\"INNERVISIONS\\"  album had established Stevie Wonder as a creative force of nature  in music who was one of the ones who was on the van garde of where  music was going in the 1970's and beyond, the inevitable question  arose a year later in late summer 1974 of \\"Could he top Innervisions?\\"  or \\"Could he keep the same level of artistic quality and excellence  which he'd already established on his previous two albums leading up  to this one?\\"  Well, as it turned out, the answer was a resounding YES!!  The near-fatal freak car accident which almost took Stevie away from   the world at the height of his creative powers just after the release of  INNERVISIONS in 1973 had made him a much more introspective and   soul-searching individual who was taking inventory of his life   so far, the people in which he surrounded himself, what was the purpose   for him now that he'd been spared from death, how could he use his gifts   to further enrich people's lives, and many other questions which one   puts to themselves in that situation.    Stevie, being the musical genius he is, began to formulate the tones,   timbres, chord progressions, lyrical ideas and vocal expressions he was  feeling inside into the album that was to become the next masterpiece in   his incredible 1972-76 multi-platinum, multi-grammy & AMA, highly acclaimed  \\"classic period\\"....FULFILLINGNESS' FIRST FINALE!! (-:  From the opening song, the joyous \\"Smile Please\\" to the   faith-through-cynicism anthem \\"Heaven Is 10 Zillion Light Years Away\\",  to the pretty, brief and country music-tinged \\"Too Shy To Say\\" to  the perculating gravely moog bass and dancing piano of the funky  \\"Boogie On Reggae Woman\\" to the smooth & mellow, dream-like \\"Creepin'\\"...  Stevie knew how to create an atmosphere in his music at that time  which was unlike what anybody else was doing at that time.  Side Two began with a funktified clavinet groove leading into another  1970's funk classic with a message in the vein of \\"Superstition\\" and  \\"Higher Ground\\", \\"You Haven't Done Nothin'\\" came on the heels of  the Nixon administration being exposed for the crooks they were and  Nixon himself being impeached from office. The song was a definite  slam to that administration and the fact that the Jackson 5 had added   their \\"doo-doo-whops\\" in there to Stevie's call and response  political commentary made it a sure fire lead single which   zoomed to the top of the R&B and Pop charts!  Black, White, Latino, Asian...it didn't matter!  Everybody was loving Stevie Wonder's music at this time!  He was a worldwide phenom and was breaking records and setting  precedences left and right with everything he did.  Here was a 24 yr old blind black musical artist who had full creative  control over his material, unprecedented commercial & artistic  success, the respect of the music industry and other musicians  in addition to his millions of fans!---This was truly his moment!  From the raw boogie down funk of \\"You Haven't Done Nothin\\",  Stevie shifts gears to a groovy smooth breakup song called  \\"It Ain't No Use\\", which features backing vocals by the likes of  Deniece Williams and Minnie Ripperton among others.  This song is one of my underrated favorites of Stevie's non-single  material because it just feels so good when I hear it.  From this, he goes into the very melancholy and introspective  sparse, almost classical-sounding piano piece with a mournful   black gospel choir background with a splash of Arp 2600   and Moog bass in there for good measure....the very unique  \\"They Won't Go When I Go\\", where Stevie talks about one day being  able to go to a very positive & free space (if he's lived a good life)  where he'll be free from the pain, deceit, greed, phoniness,  manipulation and ugly side of mankind!   This song is powerful and goes straight to your core!  As evidenced by how many people have \\"attempted\\" to cover it  through the years, most namely, George Michael's 1990 version,  which is good but comes nowhere near the original, as well as  how many people have selected this song for their funerals,  I'd say Stevie's message has resounded through space & time!  On July 7th 2009, Stevie Wonder himself performed the song  poignantly in tribute to the memory his good freind,   the late Michael Jackson, who'd died on June 25th.  When you reflect on the last 17 yrs of MJ's life, those lyrics  that Stevie delivered so soulfully some 35 yrs before,  rang dead on true!  He closes this brilliant album out with the brazilian-flavored  \\"Bird Of Beauty\\", which talks of utilizing the spiritual high  we all possess inside to deal with life's ups and downs instead  of falling prey to the pharmaceutical highs of drugs.  Then there's the very upbeat and melodic \\"Please Don't Go\\",  which sounds like something Ray Charles could've cut in his  hey-day if he'd had access to synthesizers back then.  It's just a feel good track that ends the album on an upbeat note.  Of course, this album, just like \\"Talking Book\\" and \\"Innervisions\\"  before it, topped the R&B and Pop Charts, swept the awards season  of 1975, and carried Stevie's legend further along.  There would be no actual album released in 1975, which is where  the famous Paul Simon grammy quote thanking Stevie for not releasing  an album in 1975, when he won the album of the year in 1976 comes from.  But little did they know though (at the time!), that Stevie Wonder  was busy at work crafting what would become his magnum opus and   the perfect cap off to his incredible \\"classic period\\"....  Late 1976's 2 1/2 disc watershed masterpiece \\"Songs In The Key Of Life\\"!! (-:
0965773604|5.0|I ordered it for my 15 year old grand daughter a book to read over the summer, she loved it! The book came fast and in great cond... thank you
B0038QGXHW|5.0|Perfect to sit on the porch, watch the sun go down, and have a scotch.
B003NFM3JU|5.0|I LOVED this movie. I collect every Christmas Carol movie I can get, and this one tops my list. Fantastic recreation with fun effects.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|This is an amazing show! ABC cancelled it after one season without giving it a chance. However, there are several other networks looking into picking it, which may also cause ABC to rethink as well! Totally worth watching!
B000003CMB|5.0|If I had $10 for every musician or good music lover   who has told me how pivotal this album was in their   development/appreciation, I would easily have one hell of a   financial nest egg! (-:   The musicianship is stellar, the soul factor that comes   out of the speakers is palpable, the vocals are warm and funky,  you just can't cut it in anyway! (-:  I first heard this album as a child...it was one of my uncle's  prized albums. I've probably heard this album over 2000 times in  my 46 years, and it sounds just as fresh and still moves me to this day!  There was a period between age 17 and age 36, where I had moved  on to exploring other genres of music and I had kind of left this  gem behind. But a gem is a gem!--It's timeless and never loses it's value.  I revisited this incredible album at age 36 and was immediately taken   back to my childhood in the 70's, playing guitar and piano and singing  along with one of the baddest bands of the 70's....The Allman Brothers.  Nowdays, I play it at least twice a month and have turned  my nephews (who are now picking up instruments) on to it  the same way that my uncle did for me back in the 70's.  So check it out, if you haven't heard it already,   because it's a gift that keeps on giving! (-:
0385504225|5.0|Dear Professor Langdon,    Why do you keep getting into chartered jets?  They always take you to disaster.  That's a warning for you, my erstwhile colleague, and a recommendation for everyone else to read this latest paperweight of a thriller!    Sincerely.    Bevan    The Lost Symbol is weighted down by didactic exposition, around a hundred or so pages too long, and uses the exact same plot devices of Brown's other repetive books.  I love it.    What I appreciate most about Mr. Brown's work is his commitment to the portrayal of professors as heroes: deliverying death defying stunts one minute, lecturing a class for the next forty-five minutes.  Finally, a character other than Clifford the Big Red Dog with I whom I must identify.    If I had any criticisms of this fine novel it would be that Mr. Brown pay more attention to the minutae of academic life.  What are Professor Langdon's Office Hours?  With which Professors does he squabble with over core requirements?  How does he deal with the obvious BO one aquires being around literature all day?    Recommended reading for all who wish to understand us Professors.  Warning: the conspiracy elements do tend to drag on for a bit.      Perhaps the movie can have an adjunct professor who follows Professor Langdon around to help circulate handouts each time Langdon gives one of his exciting lectures?  I nominate myself.  We would make quite the pair.  Kudos.
B002VECM6S|2.0|Like the most over rated show in TV history, The Cosby Show, those who embrace it and \\"The Blind Side\\" are so protective of the predictable bleeding heart spotlight for their darling Sandra, that they zap anyone who dares to criticize this load of crap. This movie is such a bleeding heart, unoriginal script, put into the hands of Hollywood's embraced nightmare of an actress. Bullock can't act, period! This movie is proof of that, not the contrary. I'm actually angered I wasted time watching it. A decent beginning is ruined the more Bullock we see. Targeted emotional, heart tugging (albeit un-original and hokey) script lines aimed at those who wouldn't know quality film from the assembly line crap being put out more these days. This movie isn't even Lifetime Network good, though that's the only place it deserves to be. And there's some stuff on Lifetime I do like. You throw in some emotional jerking scenes with darling Sandra, whose fans are just waiting to have something to cheer for, and you galvanize the forces. \\"Brilliant????\\" Sandra Bullock's is the worst actress today, maybe the past 50 years as far as those who people claim to be good, and that fact is only cemented by this movie. She's given predictable, emotionally manipulative lines that her fan base will cheer for. \\"He's changing me!...I'm NRA and packing!\\" YOO HOO! They should have handed out Bullock pom, poms for her fans to cheer with. Cliched, hokey lines all Sandra's fans were just waiting to cheer for. This script is b-grade at best, a cliched, manipulative, \\"assembly line\\" script to plug into a Hollywood darling, right out of Hollywood's \\"instant nomination for a fave who hasn't won yet\\" files. Seems to me the majority who love this movie are females, or Pavlovian youngens. That's no surprise. This movie reeks of FM cable channel movies and/or juvenile appeal. It's directed at those who don't know quality film. This is a rehashed story line hidden under the \\"true story\\" mask Hollywood so desperatelyuses for credibility for their films too often in order to jerk the emotions of it's viewers who they hope haven't seen it before, so that the viewers find it \\"original and true.\\" This movie is made for TV standards. Bullock is the most horrid part of this at best, average made for Lifetime Channel movie, one that uses sympathy to milk it's viewers emotions away from its predictability. Bullock sucks. This is her 7th movie I forced my way thru and it was like sticking my hand in a fire after having been burned before, a mistake I'll never make again. I watched this flick on the insistence of friends, family and PR machines, to watch Bullock's \\"best\\" performance. It got worse as the movie progressed. I've seen better performances by Wilma Flintstone and Lisa Simpson, and I ain't kidding! It cracks me up what sells for quality these days in film. And easy suck ups when it comes to commentary. I'd rather hear Granny Clampett's (of Beverly Hillbillies fame) high whining voice for 24 hours uninterrupted than 1 more minute of the worst actress alive today.  I anticipate the Bullock Bleeding Heart Army will also zap this post. We'll see. I'm ready to re-post.
0446567337|5.0|This was a wonderful story about love, honor and integrety.  I highly recommend this book.
B000PKX2KA|5.0|Thia is a great product. Windows 7 drivers were missing from the disk that came with it, but I found them on another site, that is the only complaint I have.  I would recommend this to a friend.
030726999X|5.0|I'm sad to see it end.  You know how when you finish a good book you go through a short period of \\"mourning,\\" where you wish the story would continue on? Well prepare yourself for that in this series.  I have never in my life considered ordering a DVD in a foreign language but I might have to make an exception this time.  It's a shame Mr. Larsson could not finish his saga of Lisbeth and Kalle F*** Blomquist.  Loved these books!
B003K3OF78|2.0|Bummer..., this stinks.  What happened to Keane?  I've loved every \\"unique\\" album they've made so far except this one.  It sounds way too \\"like everyone else\\" in this genre; way too Top-40 pop.  Boo.  Better luck next time boys.
0812974611|5.0|I first read this book at my mother-in-law's home in Germany and was thoroughly engrossed by the story and the author's interpretation of Pompeii and what happened there so long ago.  This is a fantastic book and I highly recommend it.  Anything by Robert Harris is GREAT!
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|I really enjoyed the first Matrix...a perfect combination of philosophy and martial arts!  As for the other two, they are decent enough, but I knew that before buying the collection.  The Blu-ray looks nice; just a warning though, the special effects (i.e. the CGI of the Nebuchadnezzar, Sentinels, and Neo and Agent Smith during the combat sequences) is pretty dated.  Otherwise, quite an enjoyable watch!
B002GHHHM4|4.0|IT IS A GOOD MOVIE. THE QUALITY OF PICTURE IS GOOD. BUT IT IS NOT FULL SCREEN LIKE IT SAID IN THE INFORMATION TO PURCHASE THE MOVIE. BRUCE LEE IS DEFINITELY THE BEST MARTIAL ARTIST ON SCREEN.
030745455X|3.0|It has all the elements required for an Amazon (or any other) bestseller. Sex (lots of that, preferably perverted with a good doze of sadism), sadism (all by its lurid self), abundant murders, unseemly characters, easy reading in spite of (unnecessarily) complex plot. No one in their wildest dreams could possibly accuse it of having any literary value; but since in its gender it holds its own, and by page 650 I was beginning to get interested, and as one is not supposed to speak badly of the dead, I give it, grudgingly, a murderous 3 starlets.<br /><br />For a mystery thriller of quite a different kind, try [[ASIN:0973187263 Headless world - The Vatican Incident (sequel to The Avatar Syndrome)]]
0891419063|5.0|How anybody survived the conflicts and still keep their humanity is past my understanding. Sledgehammer tells the story with out holding any detail back, this is not a book for the weak of heart.
B003NL5JE0|4.0|I'm clearly more open-minded to dramatic & stylish music than some of the other reviewers here.  I like Flower Kings for heaven's sake, which is about as weird as it gets.  If you don't like it when your favorite band departs from the sound of a specific album, well then you're gonna spend a lot of time being disappointed because that's pretty much the name of the game in this genre of music.    I found Road Salt One to be a refreshing evolution of their musical style - it has much of the foundation sound from past works with the great vocals, yet it's still quite adventurous.  I wouldn't call it a total departure from their former work, as some have stated.  This sounds more like \\"Be\\" to me.  A lot of people hated \\"Be\\" though because it was so subdued.  I loved it.    \\"Road Salt One\\" is more mellow than \\"Perfect Element\\" or \\"Remedy Lane\\", which were richly layered prog/metal rocky songs with more rhythm, keys, and percussive drive, and those longer song formats.  Road Salt One has a bit more of a southern soul sound at times without that rhythmic drive, and it sounds old... like it was recorded on old equipment from the 70s, which seems like what they were aiming for.  But the recording quality and production quality is about the same as their former works, it's simply more laid back and focuses more on the singing and much less on the band.    \\"Sleeping Under The Stars\\" sounds like something Flower Kings would do, a nightmare from a freakish 70s circus.  If you don't like this one, just delete it.  This is the only bizarre song on the album.  I personally love the classic instrumental sound and the personality, despite it's strangeness.  Unfortunately the lyrical content and language is something I wouldn't want to be playing when my wife or kids were around, so I'll likely remove it from any playlists.    Truth be told, there are only a couple of songs on here with any rock drive, most are dramatic melodic vocal explorations with a vintage keyboard sound, simpleguitar work, and only very minor drumming on most songs.  It's like they all ran a marathon and thoroughly exhausted themselves, then got drunk and high, then wrote this album.  It's mellow & trippy, and I get a real kick out of it.  Like I said, it's more like \\"Be\\" than \\"The Perfect Element\\" or \\"Remedy Lane\\".    I enjoyed this album even though I wasn't deeply moved by any of the songs as I've been on past albums.  Maybe \\"Road Salt Two\\" will be the \\"post drug-induced hallucinogenic hangover\\" album and bring back some of the good old mature progressive rock/metal elements of former works... something with more of a pulse.    Still, European Prog Rock is the BOMB!  If this album disappoints you, go try out Frosts \\"Milliontown\\" or \\"EIMA\\" or Sylvan's \\"Posthumous Silence\\".
B00095NX9G|5.0|Received item on time and an excellent shape I am very pleased in with Amazon and the individuals providing their service on a timely manner.
0393072231|4.0|We are still living with the consequences of the global financial crisis of 2008.  A sad story of losses and losers resulting from the construction and application of flawed mathematical models, untested assumptions and greed.  Much has been written about the process of turning subprime mortgages into financial products which were then sold, after being accorded triple A (or equivalent) ratings by ratings agencies.  Much is being spent by governments around the world to try to repair the damage.  And, hopefully, changes are being made to try to ensure that such disasters are avoided in future.<br /><br />In this book, Michael Lewis tells the stories of some of those people who analysed the market and saw the possibility that instruments created on the foundation of subprime mortgages could fall.  In such circumstances, going short could reap a fortune.<br /><br />So, how did these people know this?  Were they prescient, or just lucky?  Maybe both: together with the fact that they undertook some analysis of the subprime mortgages and realised that the facade was rotten.  Who were these people?  Mr Lewis writes about Steve Eisman and his team, who understood the US housing market and Wall Street.  He writes of Michael Burry, who immersed himself in the bond market, and of the `garage band hedge fund' created by Jamie Mai and Charlie Ledley.<br /><br />I found this book interesting because it sheds light on a different aspect of the crisis.  Its discomforting to think that while some individuals undertook the analysis required to determine an opportunity for profit, the multiple entities involved in the subprime mortgage financial path (from lending money initially to manufacturing the financial products sold as a consequence) did not undertake appropriate risk analysis.  And now, sadly, individuals and taxpayers are bearing the cost.<br /><br />`Success was individual achievement; failure was a social problem.'<br /><br />Jennifer Cameron-Smith
B00127RAJY|5.0|My wife and I got this because we were going to hawaii in about 1 1/2 months and wanted to look better.  My wife works out regularly, doing Tracy Anderson, some Shape videos, and other cardio workouts everyday.  I was more into biking or hiking just for exercise but not really into strength training and have never been into that.  Was mostly a runner and biker.      My wife asked me to do this with her so I did.  I was really impressed.  Now, I am only 7 days into the thing, and am about to move into Level 2.  But level 1 is very effective.  I was really impressed.  I can tell that it has helped get me off the plateau I have been on and tightened my torso, helped me lose weight, and tone up the areas I have been struggling with.      I think I do moderate cardio exercise regularly each week.  So this was not an easy workout but doable.  I was pretty worried after knowing of her reputation and thinking I would not be able to last through 30 minutes.  But I did! I was tired and the next day I felt pain in places i didn't know existed.  But I was excited that I had done it.  I really like how she starts off a little slow, then works her way up to a tougher \\"crescendo\\" in the middle of the video, then starts coming down again.  That, for me, made it doable.      I did the beginners workout and my wife did the more advanced workout.  The ladies doing those are just in Jilian's background so you can follow whichever you choose.  I am only into week 1 so I will giver you update at the end of 30days.  But so far, sooo impressed.
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|I LOVE NCIS.  I started watching reruns on USA, and I've been hooked ever since.      I'd ordered this title about a week or two ago, but there was a problem, and I never recieved it, even though it was listed as 'delivered'.  I'd emailed Amazon about the problem, and they were very quick to respond, and to also sent me another, with one day shipping at no additional charge.  Amazon was very helpful and willing to resolve the problem.      Rock on, Amazon.  Rock on.  :-D
B002VPE1B6|5.0|My family and I loved this movie. We went twice to see it at the theatre and waited for the video release. It is just as beautiful at home. Get one now!
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|The best Naz album ever...hands down! Amazing! I just can't stop listening to it. A solid album all the way through.
0142405787|4.0|This book is great.  It picks up and we again are on a whirl wind ride with kid spy Alex Rider.  In this book he learns secrects about his past and has to make a tough discion about his future.  I reccomend it!
B0000844M8|5.0|Just saw Will Travers' interview (Bill Travers' son) on AlJazeera.  It is time for this family classic to be on BluRay for a new generation.
B0010ZR160|5.0|Excellent movie. An oscar worthy directorial debut from Ben Affleck and performances from Ed Harris, Casey Affleck, Morgan Freeman and Michelle Monaghan. A gritty, raw and real mystery.
B001FB563E|4.0|Well, after watching two equally great movies about a post-apocalyptic world one thing is for sure: life on Earth will suck after the apocalypse. Whether we ultimately nuke ourselves to oblivion or some stray asteroid does the job instead, both of the writers for [[ASIN:B002ZG997M The Book of Eli]] and The Road see a dystopian world full of cannibals and little hope. I hope that we never truly experience it, but, man, these two movies were cool!<br /><br />Of the two movies I think that I liked Eli a little bit more, which is reflective of my affinity for violent, graphic novel-esque movies. And indeed, The Book of Eli seemed to be exactly that...a graphic novel come to life about a rogue nomad determined to transport a special book west across a bleak and dangerous landscape. But Eli (Denzil Washington) is prepared to make the transfer...well prepared. Yes, there is unrest in the forest and Eli will keep it all equal with hatchet, ax and saw. And are higher forces at work helping to guide Eli along?<br /><br />Then there's The Road. This time the traveler is a man (Viggo Mortensen) also heading off in search of a safe haven. This man believes that the safe haven is south, and like Eli, he also has some cargo with him that he intends to protect and deliver safely at all costs...that cargo being his son. The land that Mortensen & son attempt to cross is in the same condition and full of the same dangers that I mentioned that Eli was dealing with. The Road is a lot lighter on the violence than Eli and more about a father trying to lead his son down a path of righteousness, while at the same time maintaining self-preservation as numero uno.<br /><br />I'd almost suggest that the two stories could be tied together and happening simultaneously in a United States devastated by catastrophe. Although, in Eli the apocalypse is explained as the result of nuclear war and bright sunlight burning the planet up due to resulting damage to the ozone layer; and I don't recall an explanation in The Road, but I think that we're supposed to gather that it was from a giant asteroid or something that created a world where a dust cloud permanently obscures the sun. Either way it's a living doomsday.<br /><br />Both movies feature a host of A-list actors, and even the actors that aren't as well known give A-list performances. Action. Thrills. Emotion. Get it all in two parallel worlds where you will kill or be killed for something that today you'd have discarded as trash. The Book of Eli and The Road as a double-feature for your weekend? Dreadfully good time.t I think that we're supposed to gather that it was from a giant asteroid or something that created a world where a dust cloud permanently obscures the sun. Either way it's a living doomsday.    Both movies feature a host of A-list actors, and even the actors that aren't as well known give A-list performances. Action. Thrills. Emotion. Get it all in two parallel worlds where you will kill or be killed for something that today you'd have discarded as trash. The Book of Eli and The Road as a double-feature for your weekend? Dreadfully good time.
B00005YUPO|5.0|This will help you get that few minutes of a break that you need when you are with your little one, in my case little 2.  I really like these videos!
B0036EH40Q|5.0|Truly one of my favorite movies making my new Home Theater set up look very good.
B000F5GNX8|5.0|Excellent movie, comedy with wit. Robert Downey Jr. and Val Kilmer are excellent together. Michelle Monaghan steals every scene she is in, an oscar worthy performance!
B002ZG997M|4.0|Well, after watching two equally great movies about a post-apocalyptic world one thing is for sure: life on Earth will suck after the apocalypse. Whether we ultimately nuke ourselves to oblivion or some stray asteroid does the job instead, both of the writers for The Book of Eli and The Road see a dystopian world full of cannibals and little hope. I hope that we never truly experience it, but, man, these two movies were cool!<br /><br />Of the two movies I think that I liked Eli a little bit more, which is reflective of my affinity for violent, graphic novel-esque movies. And indeed, The Book of Eli seemed to be exactly that...a graphic novel come to life about a rogue nomad determined to transport a special book west across a bleak and dangerous landscape. But Eli (Denzil Washington) is prepared to make the transfer...well prepared. Yes, there is unrest in the forest and Eli will keep it all equal with hatchet, ax and saw. And are higher forces at work helping to guide Eli along?<br /><br />Then there's [[ASIN:B001FB563E The Road]]. This time the traveler is a man (Viggo Mortensen) also heading off in search of a safe haven. This man believes that the safe haven is south, and like Eli, he also has some cargo with him that he intends to protect and deliver safely at all costs...that cargo being his son. The land that Mortensen & son attempt to cross is in the same condition and full of the same dangers that I mentioned that Eli was dealing with. The Road is a lot lighter on the violence than Eli and more about a father trying to lead his son down a path of righteousness, while at the same time maintaining self-preservation as numero uno.<br /><br />I'd almost suggest that the two stories could be tied together and happening simultaneously in a United States devastated by catastrophe. Although, in Eli the apocalypse is explained as the result of nuclear war and bright sunlight burning the planet up due to resulting damage to the ozone layer; and I don't recall an explanation in The Road, but I think that we're supposed to gather that it was from a giant asteroid or something that created a world where a dust cloud permanently obscures the sun. Either way it's a living doomsday.<br /><br />Both movies feature a host of A-list actors, and even the actors that aren't as well known give A-list performances. Action. Thrills. Emotion. Get it all in two parallel worlds where you will kill or be killed for something that today you'd have discarded as trash. The Book of Eli and The Road as a double-feature for your weekend? Dreadfully good time.t I think that we're supposed to gather that it was from a giant asteroid or something that created a world where a dust cloud permanently obscures the sun. Either way it's a living doomsday.    Both movies feature a host of A-list actors, and even the actors that aren't as well known give A-list performances. Action. Thrills. Emotion. Get it all in two parallel worlds where you will kill or be killed for something that today you'd have discarded as trash. The Book of Eli and The Road as a double-feature for your weekend? Dreadfully good time.
0307454541|2.0|I started this book with great anticipation, but ended up sorely disappointed. The story is a fairly conventional murder mystery, with lots of family characters and suspects. A journalist is hired to solve the mystery, gets involved with the family, is shot at a few times, but solves it in the end. The big attraction in these books is the character of Lisbeth, and she is interesting indeed. But after 600+ pages, we don't know a lot about what makes her tick. She is a terribly wounded person, but we have no idea how or why. Friends assure me that books 2 and 3 will enlighten me, but I'm not sure I'm up to it. Other characters seem similarly wooden.<br /><br />I found the writing equally disappointing. This book could have used a good editor. The numerous descriptions of outmoded technology were jarring--why do we need to know the specs of Lisbeth's computer? or the office supplies Blomqvist buys to set up in the cabin where he is to do his research? Lots of room is taken up with details of the plot, but we don't see much of what's going on in the characters' heads. Yes, that's the nature of the genre, but when a book is praised the way this one has been I expected more. I think I'll pass on #2 and #3.
0553582038|1.0|Haha, this is truly a soap opera without end, throw in an occasional perceived resolution  Friday which actually creates more trouble, and go on and on and on, even repeating long long verbatim passages from earlier books, until this final Noodle of Noodles.  Final for me, that is, I'm off this trip.
0802473164|4.0|While much has been written about interpersonal communication, many of the existing writings stereotype females communicating with an emphasis on feelings and relationship and males communicating with an emphasis on status and tasks.    Are you feeling \\"under-loved\\" by someone important to you?  Is someone important feeling under-loved by you?  Perhaps you're communicating through different \\"languages\\".    Finally, someone (Gary Chapman) is recognizing that we all want to feel loved and suggesting that each of us might interpret \\"being loved\\" through different forms of communication--the five languages.    The Five Languages of Love is an intersting and thought-provoking read...comparably applicable to your significant-other, your family, friends and colleagues.
B0035G9ABQ|1.0|I really did give this one a solid listen; actually two solid listens, but I can't seem to find even one good song. What a waste of money. Please take my advice and listen to the CD previews before you buy this. Simply put, the songs are awful. I've liked all of the other Gorillaz albums, but this one is a reject.
0307454541|4.0|I jumped on the bang wagon reading this one - and it was a fun ride.  I ordered the book to see what all the brouhaha was about.  Forty million copies sold worldwide!  The new phenomenon!  Not one, but two movies!  And after reading it, I'm still a little surprised.  Yes, it's an excellent book.  Easily as good as John Grisham at his best.  Yet, I can't recall any mystery author lighting up the world like this - years after the author's death.<br /><br />Harriet Vanger disappeared over 40 years ago when she was only sixteen.  Henrik Vanger has been obsessed with the mystery all that time because someone keeps sending him a single pressed flower on his birthday, just as Harriet did.  Is the killer taunting him?<br /><br />I found the book to be very suspenseful, with more than a dash of [[ASIN:1555534007 Peyton Place]] in it once the author starts delving into the Vanger Family.  What I liked best was that the mystery was layered.  There is more than one bad guy to be uncovered, and many twists along the way.  Both protagonists, Lisbeth and Blomkvist, are engaging, well developed and interesting.  I find that some of the best authors are those that use prior career experience to base their writing on.  Grisham is a lawyer and that is borne out in his thrillers.  Larsson was a journalist - and it shows here.  Blomkvist is credible and realistic.  However, Grisham sometimes got caught up in legal technobabble, and Larsson falls into a similar trap.  He gets caught up in description and minutia.  Every place is described in excruciating detail even to the point of distracting the reader.  However, it isn't enough to ruin the book, but I did find myself skimming more than once.<br /><br />One last note, some have described the book as having extreme violence. I was wary, but found the warning exaggerated.  There are two scenes which were disturbing, but no more than you would find in many mysteries (and not even as horrific as the opening of Grisham's [[ASIN:0440245915 A Time to Kill: A Novel]]).  Overall, I found this to be a gripping suspense thriller, well worth it to those who enjoy the genre and with a satisfying ending.  I've already started the second book.  I'd also like to see both movies - the Swedish version, and the US one currently in production.]).  Overall, I found this to be a gripping suspense thriller, well worth it to those who enjoy the genre and with a satisfying ending.  I've already started the second book.  I'd also like to see both movies - the Swedish version, and the US one currently in production.
0399156577|3.0|If you love dogs, the parts about training the dogs, and their antics will be enjoyable. I agree with other reviews about the romance and suspense not being up to Nora's standards. I read the book in one sitting, but I usually hate putting a book down until it is finished. If I keep this book it will be a long time before I try to read it a second time, but will probably re-sell or trade this one.
B002VECLVY|5.0|......performance by a Colin Firth at the very top of his game.  Oh, and forget any \\"gay\\" connotation; it's really not important.  Why?  Because in an alternate version of this film, Firth would play his role in a same-words, same-emotions kind of way......in EXACTLY the same heart-rending manner we've just witnessed from him on screen.  In such a second version, \\"George\\" would face loss of his life's love---either female lover or more likely, wife---and struggle toward a way in which to go on.  And an English Department blonde secretary, perhaps, would fill in for a \\"Carlos.\\"  But, like \\"George,\\" only \\"Kenny\\" (a neuter character searching for his sexuality and/or a victim of hero worship) would be reenacting his same role in the second version.  (Oh, and I suppose we could let old friend, \\"Charley\\" / JuIianne Moore, hang around again).  In sum, then, I believe it is paramount you realize that in this other take of the film Firth, particularly, would play his character in an identical manner---no matter the sex of his \\"partner.\\"     That's correct, viewers past and future; now you've got it.  This is NOT a gay drama (certainly not a gay romance), but rather a tale of love lost (one of life's biggest) and, more importantly, is a lesson in enduring.  BUT....if in the end you fail to see it as other than one of the top performances by an actor you may ever witness, then your love of film / movies is restrictive and shallow.     ****
B002ZG997M|5.0|I can see why some people didn't like this movie, because it was hard to understand for them. I am a Christian and have been reading the Bible since a very young age( grew up in the church, my father was a pastor), and would like to share how I saw the movie. Eli was a disciple of God. All Christian have a path in life to take that would bring blessings upon them and glory to God's kingdom. This road is not an easy road, there will be obstacles in the way, trying to stop you. Believe and God would see you through. Its crazy, sometimes you go through life thinking \\" why is this happening to me?\\". God is preparing you for something special. Keep the faith, believe in him. I pray that everyone of you will achieved that. Blessing to you all.
0064430227|5.0|I think this is one of those books that every child should experience.  It's picture based (as opposed to text based) so there's a delightful interactive element and the child can rather tell his own tell about Harold as together they follow the purple crayon from page to page...inviting you and your child into the book to explore.  So simple, it's rather Zen.  And lovely.  Must, must, must for all.
0399156577|1.0|I was looking forward to this book and after a chapter or two and was bored.  Returned it.  Wait until it comes out in paperback if you really want it!  It's very formulaic and disappointing as I have every other NR book.
0316154687|5.0|When You Are Engulfed in Flames is a departure from Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim in that is focuses more on Sedaris instead of the whole clan, but his writing is as witty and sharp as ever. In this book of essays, Sedaris takes the reader to Japan in his noble attempt to quit smoking. What follows will only have any appreciative Sedaris readers shaking their heads while rolling on the floor in a laughing fit.
0802473156|4.0|Not quite into this too much yet.  My counselor recommended it, and what I have read so far has been very helpful.
B001GF7WRW|5.0|Sound Quality: The clarity on the K99s are great. They produce an accurate tonal sound-scape that you can really bring out those &#34;hidden&#34; elements that you have missed before. For the price, the sound quality is exceptional. They don't sweeten the sound at all (artificially raising bass/mids/treble), so you are free to EQ your sound however you wish irrespective of the headphones.  Comfort: I wear glasses, and one of the biggest concerns I had was the comfort of the headphones while wearing glasses. Many fellow four-eyes out there are familiar with the experience of having your frames pressed against your skull; the headphones griping your ears in a way in such a way that would make Darth Vader's choke seem tame.  Well, let me say that these headphones are deceptively comfortable and light for their bulk. No longer does the top of my head ache from a cheap plastic/metal band. The suspended pad does a wonderful job of protecting your soft noggin-tissue. The ear pads cup over the ears and rest gently, and the headphones suspend from the top, rather than pressing from the sides. This translates into less ear fatigue in longer listening durations.  Drawbacks: Now I will mention the one drawback that these headphones have. They are somewhat quiet in contrast to all the other headphones I have used. Pushing up the volume too much causes the sound to distort in ways that other headphones have not, or at least that I have not noticed. This seems to only occur on my computer, as my home stereo is not affected by this. I have read that a headphone amp can correct this and provides a boost in volume without corrupting the audio. In a way, limiting the sound in this fashion may be a blessing in disguise to keep from cranking the volume to unsafe levels.  Summary: I am very pleased with these headphones. I have used these for a while now, and seem to be holding up well. They have a single cord, so they don't turn into cord spaghetti, which is a nice touch. The cord is very long compared to typical commercial headphones, which I think is great, but may agitate others with the excess slack. The sound is excellent for the price, and if you are a moderate volume listener, the lower audio levels could be a moot point; otherwise, a headphone amp should make these a perfect combination for quality-to-price conscious individuals.  *** 2 Year Update *** The headphones are still holding up very well. I will say that the faux-leather muffs are starting to develop minor creases/cracks from wear, but nothing that has compromised the earmuff integrity. The construction is durable despite the mostly plastic construction. Comfort is still extremely high, and the padding is still intact but has compressed about 20% or so. These headphones have been abused in terms of being tossed onto the table/floor and have suffered no ill effects. Audio issues have been alleviated since changing audio devices/motherboard on my computer. These are entry level to intermediate level studio headphones, and the sound quality has held up to that expectation.  I noticed that some reviewers with larger heads have mentioned experiencing discomfort. Admittedly I do have a small head so the design of these headphones may not be as forgiving for very large heads. I will mention that the suspension strap looks like it can be adjusted by via the 4 small Philips screws that secure it to the main body.  *** 3 Year Update *** Still no problems yet. There is a minor amount of play that has developed from the sides of the headphones, but aside from that they function completely fine. Since I am fairly rough on my headphones, this is pretty impressive all things considered. Sound quality and comfort remain very good. There are no tears or breaks in the faux-leather muffs. These have had regular use at my computer with at least 2-3 hours of play each day.  *** 4 Year Update *** Still going strong - very pleased with the longevity of these headphones.  *** 5 Year Update *** So far sogood! Now with the inclusion of a toddler in the house, I expect even more strenuous testing in the years to come. The ear pads have developed permanent grooves where my glasses rest, and there is some mild cracking in the faux-leather. Nothing has separated or chipped/peeled off though.
B00005MP58|2.0|I cannot run the DVD Pride and Prejudice-The Special Edition (A&E, 1996) on my  machine.  I cannot control the tracking of the movie as it plays.  I would   appreciate any suggestions.
B0010HLWS6|5.0|Bridget Jones's Diary is a quirky and fun read. It seems to be based a little more than loosely on Jane Austen's \\"Pride and Prejudice...even naming the leading man after his parallel, Austen's Mr. Darcy. However, this version is completely updated to reflect the emotions and insecurities of the modern woman. Bridget is a socially awkward woman who feels stuck in an unsatisfying job. She is a single thirty-something woman who constantly feels judged by friends and family because she is not yet married...which obviously means there's SOMETHING wrong with her, right? In an effort to improve her lot in life, Bridget starts a diary in which she plans to record everything she does to lose weight, quit smoking/drinking, and form a relationship with a man who is not a complete jerk. Although her plan doesn't exactly go how she wanted it to, she learns a lot about her self that she didn't know....and it all works out in the end.
9889979942|5.0|This is a truly beautiful book that captures the richness of China. I recommend it very highly.
1423113497|2.0|I read this book because I loved the Harry Potter series and I knew that this was the same genre.  What I did not know is that it was just a poorly written photo copy.  It seems like the author grabbed the Harry Potter series and tried to re-write it for a 3rd grader.  It would have been one star but I finished the book and was mildly entertained by it.  I started reading the second book in the series and gave up 20 pages into it.
B0011ETNXE|1.0|Of course there's no doubt that Thriller is one of the best pop albums of all time. I own three versions- the original vinyl (that my parents bought on the first day back in 1982) and the CD which I bought back in 2005. Of course, having recently gotten my new vinyl player, I found this and Siamese Dream by The Smashing Pumpkins at Urban Outfitters today, so I figured I should check it out! I've had good luck with Picture Disc before. In fact, Iron Maiden: Flight 666 blew my mind with how beautiful it sounded, especially for Picture Disc.<br /><br />The sound here is DREADFUL. Every time Jacko hits a high note, the sound goes all staticky. There seems to be some sort of weird muffle effect on \\"The Girl is Mine\\". By the time the intro for \\"Human Nature\\" struck, I was so tired of picking out every flaw in the sound that I frustratedly turned it off and pulled out the first edition vinyl, which sounded crisp, clear, and depthy. Plus the remixes just make me cry single tears. Will I Am? Fergie? Ugh. Stay away from this edition and search out a copy of the original vinyl if you want this on vinyl.
0553381695|4.0|A Clash of Kings is the excellent second book in George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series. This installment was very enjoyable for me. The book is long. It reaches nearly a thousand pages. Despite its length it does not seem to drag on as much as A Game of Thrones, the first installment of the series. The only drawback to the length of the book is that, by the end of the book, the reader tends to forget whether certain events happened in the first book or in the beginning of this one.    Martin is a very talented writer. His work is descriptive and is very in-tune with the medieval world that it is so obviously styled after. The characters, though many in number, are well-developed. Several characters become more likeable in A Clash of Kings because they have had more in-depth story lines and have been allowed to grow past what we saw in the first book. Martin's strength is his ability to write this fantasy epic as if it were a true history, weaving different story lines together to form a more realistic time and place.    I would recommend this series to any fan of fantasy novels or historical fiction centered around medieval Europe. However, this recommendation does come with a warning. There are currently four books out in this series of what is said to eventually be seven. It has been five years since the last installment was published and the release date for book five keeps getting pushed back.
B000Y7U98W|3.0|A lot of others have already said this.  This film had such potential with a very interesting premise, very good cast and excellent effects and then it just got silly and weird.  I don't know why Boyle thought he needed to add the horror factor, the first 2/3rds of the film are very interesting and wholly original (and even pays homage to earlier space disaster films).  Too bad, I really wanted to like this one, I still give it 3 stars for the first part of the film.
B002ZG98J6|5.0|I bought this of amazon and watched it with my kids and it was really good even i enjoyed it. I really hope they make movies for the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, And 5th books
B003HLM2QO|1.0|Personally, I feel this is Ozzy's WORST album and not even worth the effort of a negative review other than what a RIP OFF record this is. The second track (the albums only hit?) \\"Let Me Hear You Scream\\" sounds more like an young Child's elementary nursery rhyme with Lyrics to match. i.e. \\"Scream like you want it, Let me hear you yell like you mean it\\"? How ridiculously childish and insulting, unless your 12 yrs old. Many of us who grew up with Ozzy (well into their late 40 or 50's) would normally expect \\"better with age\\" or in most cases, one would think you would get something more from an experienced musician, but once again, your reminded, This latest album is from someone who's not just showing obvious signs of old age (save the face lift/transformation for photoshopped visuals) and brain deterioration (watch an episode of \\"The Osbourns\\") who is also known to have destroyed much of his brain function/cells from drugs and high strength alcohol abuse. And if that isn't enough, then add this up, Sharon and Ozzy both showing signs of Giddy Old Age and silver spoon fed way too much rich glam n' glitter (keeping with standard of living/expenses) to know what \\"NORMAL\\" Metal fans like anymore (totally lost and out of touch). If that doesn't sell ya, then what's even more obvious is, The ENTIRE album REEKS of Recording Industry Commercialism! After several listens, this thought comes to mind: All Tracks, seem REPETITIOUS, REDUNDANT and BORING, a sign of this album not only being rushed, and signature trait of lyricist \\"KEVIN CHURKO\\"     The Worst part is! THE ENTIRE ALBUM IS BRICKED FOR MAXIMUM LOUDNESS! (read \\"additional Comments\\" below which explains in more detail) and Sounds somewhat muddied and distorted (especially high frequencies and Graph Peak Meters clipping into the red zone), which is highly irritating to the ears. Make sure you use CHEAP speakers if you like it loud. Otherwise, Your speakers could quite possibly take on damage and never be the same! (you were warned!) Strange how Technology/Speakers and Stereo Equipment keep getting better yet, the studio Mixing and Mastering is now limited to cheap amateurish labor, computer software and digital sound boards (what happened to analog?). It's too bad too, because it would have been nice to hear more GUS G. before my ears started bleeding (I have \\"ALL\\" FIREWIND albums in Japan issue no less).    Do I Like Previous Ozzy Albums? Everything up to Ozzomosis, but then again, imo, Overall, Sabbath blows away anything from OZZY...especially the last \\"HEAVEN & HELL\\" DIO, IOMMI, GEEZER, BUTLER album, which I highly recommend! Definitely worthy of TURNING UP LOUD! A testament to \\"GET'S BETTER WITH AGE\\", \\"EXPERIENCE\\" or \\"NON-COMMERCIALISM\\"     EDIT: \\"Ronnie James Dio\\" has since past away since this review, May he rest in Peace.    PROOF IS IN THE PUDDING! (as they say) Since it's release June 11, 2010 (in Europe), 5 months later, STILL! No platinum Sales as of yet, with only a tad over 500,000+ sales as compared to Ozzy's last releases \\"Black Rain\\" and \\"Down To Earth\\" which reached 1,000,000+ in the about the same approximate time period, and \\"Ozzmosis\\" before that, getting double platinum. If you study the charts, with each new release, Ozzy albums continue to decline in sales and popularity, with this one getting far less than any other by far! As predicted, because of Poor album sales, a \\"Ltd Tour Edition\\" double CD has been issued as a Live bonus CD which did even worse sales! Nice try Sharon, suck as much out of it as possible!     I bought the Japan original edition just for continuity, and to fill my Ozzy collection/discography.
B0002NRRAG|5.0|A beautiful compilation of songs.  Great for dinner music or Sunday morning/afternoon hanging out listening. A great discovery for me!
B00005JO9J|5.0|Found the characters to be very lovable.  As a Christian I found the casual sex disturbing and I do wish the writers could write stories with characters this amusing that stay within the boundaries of a Christian life; that being said, I found myself laughing and crying.  Being grounded in my faith, I found this not to be a threat to my way of life, however for one that is not grounded the wrong message could be given to the young.
B002TO1Z8Q|5.0|George Michael Live In London has become one of my favorite concert videos I own.  Although not recorded in DTS, the Dolby 5.1 sounds better than some of my DTS recordings.  I saw this concert in Dallas, but the video is even better than the live show I saw.  If you are a George Michael fan you must have this video.  If not, I think you  will become a fan after viewing it.  The second disc is just as good.  The 5.1 recording sound is just great!  The concert is exciting to watch--the audience in London is really into the show.  This was Michael's last show of the tour ---the first tour he has done in 17 years.  Get this video--you will love it!!
B0000AK7AB|5.0|awesome transaction.  the product i received was exactly what i expected   I will be back to shop here !
B0019LY5IM|4.0|Have seen all of Lost Season 1 - Season 5.  Season 5 was more confusing than the previous ones but hopefully a lot will be explained on Season 6 when we get the DVD.
B003K1EYM6|1.0|This thing simply does not work.  I've had 3 people at 2 different apple stores troubleshoot it, and no one can get it to work with an iPad.      What's the point of having a digital media tool (iPad) if you can't get any digital media onto it???
0312323867|5.0|HOnestly, I fully expected this book to be a disappointment.  I had finished Something Borrowed, (absolutely amazing, my favorite book of all time) and thought there is no way the \\"Darcy\\" version of the story could be anywhere as good as the first.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Though Darcy is a total pain in the a**, she becomes somewhat of a likeable character towards the end of Soemthing Blue.  It definitely is interesting to see her take on things and try to become a better person.  I thoroughly enjoyed both of these books, and while Something Blue certainly does not top Something Borrowed, it is an absloute must-read!  If you liked the first, you will not be disappointed!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|The movies came about a week after I ordered them, much sooner than expected and I am thrilled to say they arrived in perfect new condition. I would definitely recommend this seller to others!
B003L16FAE|3.0|Regarding the film itself, it is one of the quintessential '80s action flicks. Its machismo is summed up perfectly by this line from Jesse Ventura's character: \\"I ain't got time to bleed.\\" If you're an action fan, this film is absolutely worth owning.    However, this Ultimate Hunter Edition release has a significant flaw: a substandard transfer. It's clear that rather than do a full restoration, the studio simply took the old high-def master and digitally scrubbed it. The excessive DNR is most noticeable in the briefing scene at the beginning and, yes, in that scene the actors look like they belong in Madame Tussaud's. But this eerie effect only creeps up periodically throughout the rest of the picture -- a shot here, a shot several minutes later; the majority of the film looks much better and it remains very watchable. The screencaps circulating the net are mostly taken from the absolute worst moments in the film and don't quite tell the whole story.    What irks me is that since this disc has been released, I've seen praise being heaped upon the old Blu-ray and scorn lashed against this new disc. Let's be honest: both transfers have major issues for largely opposite reasons. The old Blu used an old, inefficient codec and is a noisy, grainy mess with the theatrical trailer as its only bonus feature. The Ultimate Hunter Edition went overboard with the DNR but has improved color and black levels as well as retaining nearly all the bonus content of the 2-disc DVD edition. I've seen advocates for buying the old Blu instead of this new release to avoid supporting this transfer, but my question to them is \\"You'd rather support recycling an old master on a barebones disc?\\" It would have been wonderful if Fox had ponied up the cash to do a thorough restoration a la \\"Blade Runner\\" or \\"The Godfather\\" for Predator, but they didn't and for the time being we're stuck with this. It's not great, but it's certainly not an \\"atrocity.\\"    I believe that the Ultimate Hunter Editionis an improvement over the DVD and worth upgrading to Blu-ray; it's more problematic if you own the first Blu-ray release, especially if you already own the DVD special edition. For a first time buyer, this is in my opinion the lesser of two evils. Personally, I picked this up for $14.99 and it included $10 in movie cash to see \\"Predators,\\" essentially giving me this great film for $4.99. Do I wish the studio had been more judicious in applying the DNR? Of course. But at that price point, I can live with a mediocre transfer that still showcases more detail than the DVD and retains all the extras.
B001UV4XFG|3.0|OK...Most of what's been said in other reviews seems pretty accurate and I'm no big Twilight \\"Super Fan\\" BUT why put out the novella about the young vampire Bree Tanner and then, not only exclude most of it in this film, but also most of the key drama at the end of Eclipse where Bella gets a \\"look in the mirror\\" at what she might turn into--a bloodthirsty newborn, aka \\"How can you stand it?  I WANT her!\\"  And just a personal observation, but that's about the sorriest excuse for an engagement ring I've ever seen.  I know it's supposed to be a family heirloom, but it looks like a cheap marquisite dinner ring, not the delicate 19th century piece described in the book.
B0020MKTOS|4.0|Clint Eastwood a remarkable actor,director,man.A talented director sometimes starring in his own films(e.g.The Outlaw Josey Wales,Unforgiven).In the tradition of stars who project pure Americanism and rectify wrongs(Wayne,Cooper).Eastwood shows a willingness to examine his own screen persona(here comically,witness the macho talking scene in the hairdressers).He shows a willingness to engage with contemporary issues,the immigration into formerly all white areas of Hmong Asians,the kind of people he might have fought in the Korean war.He has a warrior ethic and is outwardly bigoted and not religious.However his family are only after his money and they are trying to get him into an old people's home and get his house and car.    His real family become his next door neighbours who worship his courage and role-modelling abilities for theirson. Ever since The Outlaw Josey Wales, Eastwood has shown a propensity for empathy with marginalised people and outsiders.In this film we get echoes of Dirty Harry, Pale Rider and Unforgiven,but of a humanised kind without the fascist overtones.At the age of 78 to act,write and direct a major film is heroic.He suggests a mixing of global and local themes and shows how to wind the audience in with the unfolding of character.This film provides a great laugh but Walt has to make a great sacrifice.Stunning.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|Very few shows start out with such a deep and thought provoking premise.  Does seeing and knowing a glimpse of your future, change your actions? or does it cement them?  Also, it asks another important question in the sub-text... is a little bit of information ( 2 minutes worth) a potentially dangerous thing?  worse than none?<br /><br />Weaving in some awesome concepts from quantum physics ( without the heavy science-speak), Flash Forward shows how the lives of people are affected and changed, when the world experiences a mysterious \\"blackout\\"... during which they see 2 minutes + of their lives, 6 months in the future.  Many of them are on courses that are dramatically different than their present.<br /><br />Did seeing this future, create a chain of events that created this future?  Would this future have happened regardless?  is it possible to change the future?  Are some events so powerful in the course of Life, that they will happen one way or another:  what is called \\" course correction.\\"<br /><br />the dead come back to life.  Were they really dead?  Incredible romances are created. Marriages destroyed.  Self-sacrifice, and Heroic choices are made, as complex characters both embrace and resist moving into a Future that is happening despite attempts to hold onto a safe and familiar Present.<br /><br />Woven into this drama is the mystery of What the blackouts were?  Who could possibly cause this to happen?  And what is the human connection the the logical-rational flow of Time.<br /><br />This show got a raw deal from the networks, a too-long hiatus and poor scheduling.  By the middle of the season it had really found its footing and just kept getting better.  Worth the watch, worth the purchase, and definitely worth a second chance for more seasons!<br /><br />check out the movement to saveflashforward on FB and:<br />[...]
0756405890|4.0|4.5 out of 5 is more apt.<br /><br />First, I'd like to get the negative out of the way (as it is a slight negative). The book is just a tad long on the \\"mortal enemy encounters\\". This sounds like an odd statement, coming from someone who believes that more of a good thing is always better, but there are definitely a few chapters with the intention of driving embedded nails ever further (the rivalry with Ambrose). Superfluous comes to mind, but, to the author's credit, you feel that he has really fleshed out this world so well that he is brimming with information. I felt, near the end, that the author realized he had too much to say in this first novel and realized that a series was in order. But, on that front, there are no complaints from me.<br /><br />Now, with that out of the way, I must say that this was one of the better fantasy novels I have read in recent memory. While  I would tend to categorize this in the vein of low-fantasy, Patrick Rothfuss has managed to define a very interesting mechanism which he labels 'sympathy', for those \\"magic lovers\\" out there. The reader is introduced to this system very early on, and I have to admit I was very delighted. Let's say it was refreshing, so as not to spoil anything for other readers.<br /><br />I will not go over plot details, as you can get much of that from other reviews here, but I will say one thing. I was not initially aware that this was a first time effort, from a fairly new author. About four-fifths into the book, I realized there was absolutely no way any concise resolution would come in the remaining chapters. At this time, I found out this was the first in a planned series of books. I have to say, I was overjoyed to think that this quality of writing would continue awhile longer.<br /><br />Now, with regards to the quality of writing, I am more than satisfied with the author's master over the word. I found myself actually sticking notes into the book about 10 times due to the discovery of some literarygems. That is pretty rare when I read fantasy, so, as I mentioned, I only look forward to the continuation of this series.<br /><br />I recommend this book to low and high fantasy readers alike.<br /><br />EDIT: 2013. Buy Wise Man's Fear and enjoy.
B00127RAJY|5.0|You will cry (or want to) when you finish this workout! Why? Because, first, it's a TOUGH workout! Second, because you will regret all the time you spent NOT working out because you couldn't find the time or motivation! Third, because you wasted money on a gym membership that you really didn't use. And fourth, out of sheer RELIEF that you CAN get a great workout in only 20 minutes (30 if you include warm-up and stretching) a day, and SEE results QUICKLY!! I used to LOVE spending 1-2 hours at the gym, mountain-biking, etc., and worked out hard for half of my life, so I do NOT come from a place of never having worked hard! But life intervenes, and between a tough and irregular work schedule followed by becoming a mom, working out went by the wayside, and I HATED that I just couldn't seem to fit what I considered a \\"real\\" workout (cardio followed by a regimen of weight-training) into my life! So my body, while still thin, slowly got softer (and flabbier) and less fit (yuck). I USED to think that watching a DVD to train was for wusses, people who had no idea how to train and no motivation! Obviously I lost MY motivation, so I thought I'd try this, since I'd seen her on TV and liked her style (she's not one of those bouncy, sickeningly-cheery women you want to punch in the face, like so many workout video queens!) and since this DVD got such tremendous reviews! During the first workout, I was tired after only the warm-up (you mean we haven't worked out yet?!?), and stood in the shower afterwards STILL feeling beat-up and tired! After doing this daily for only a few days, I could feel the difference in my endurance and SEE the difference in my upper body (lower body's a lot harder to fix!) and FEEL it in my lower body! Less than two weeks later (having only missed 3 days), I'm feeling great and more confident and my husband is commenting on how my body is (as he put it) \\"transforming\\"! Although the workout's tough, I look forward to doing it every day, and even get up EARLY so I can get it in before my day starts (and I'm NOT a morning person!)! I'm still only on Level 1 but TRIED Level 2 yesterday and could BARELY make it through (I was literally gasping!), so back to Level 1 for now, which, as I said, is still great and tough and generating results! FOR ALL OF YOU MOMS (AND ANYONE ELSE) WHO THINK YOU HAVE NO TIME, SPEND THE $9 - YOU HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE AND EVERYTHING TO GAIN!!!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />Update (6 mos later): Unfortunately, took some time off and just started again a few weeks ago - just as tough as it was initially, and again just as rewarding. Husband just did it with me today and he could only do the \\"modified\\" versions of some of the exercises - and HE works out 3-4 times per week for 1-1.5 hrs, doing not only heavy weights but also about 45 minutes of cardio (and, like me, has exercised religiously for most of his life, with breaks here and there during particularly stressful and busy times)! But he easily admitted that THIS workout is TOUGH, and intends to keep doing it (along with his other training)! If HE finds it tough (because, as Jillian says, \\"There is no rest. I want you moving the entire time. You don't get to do a 20-minute workout and rest.\\"), I DARE OTHER MEN TO GIVE A \\"GIRLY\\" (HA!) WORKOUT A TRY TO SEE IF THEY CAN HANDLE IT!!LY so I can get it in before my day starts (and I'm NOT a morning person!)! I'm still only on Level 1 but TRIED Level 2 yesterday and could BARELY make it through (I was literally gasping!), so back to Level 1 for now, which, as I said, is still great and tough and generating results! FOR ALL OF YOU MOMS (AND ANYONE ELSE) WHO THINK YOU HAVE NO TIME, SPEND THE $9 - YOU HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE AND EVERYTHING TO GAIN!!!!!!!!!!!    Update (6 mos later): Unfortunately, took some time off and just started again a few weeks ago - just as tough as it was initially, and again just as rewarding. Husband just did it with me today and he could only do the \\"modified\\" versions of some of the exercises - and HE works out 3-4 times per week for 1-1.5 hrs, doing not only heavy weights but also about 45 minutes of cardio (and, like me, has exercised religiously for most of his life, with breaks here and there during particularly stressful and busy times)! But he easily admitted that THIS workout is TOUGH, and intends to keep doing it (along with his other training)! If HE finds it tough (because, as Jillian says, \\"There is no rest. I want you moving the entire time. You don't get to do a 20-minute workout and rest.\\"), I DARE OTHER MEN TO GIVE A \\"GIRLY\\" (HA!) WORKOUT A TRY TO SEE IF THEY CAN HANDLE IT!!
B003C1QIO6|1.0|I bought this CD without listening to a single track first because I've loved all of his other CDs. I was so waiting for some new music from Jack, and just felt happy when I found out this had been released.  What a disappointment. I love his music so much, I just kept listening thinking that sooner or later this would grow on me, but it hasn't and I now know it won't because it's just not good (with the exception of the last track). Still love his music, but I don't play this one anymore and I'm back to waiting for some new music from Jack. I hope he doesn't continue in this direction.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|This is where it all began! This is the album that brought southern California hair band rock to the forfront. Eddie Van Halen revolutionized the music industry and this is the debut from rock's best!
068485743X|4.0|I LOVED this book! Granted, I knew some of the information already ... basic stuff that had me flipping through the pages, but some of the stuff was very helpful. If your like me, you might only use the information in the back 1/2 of the book, but it's worth it!
0375507256|2.0|The Publisher's Weekly review on the Amazon page had the warnings I should have heeded:  \\"At once audacious, dazzling, PRETENTIOUS and INFURIATING... the intermittent HOLLOWNESS of his ventriloquism frustrates... readers who enjoy the 'novel as PUZZLE' find much to savor in this original and OCCASIONALLY very entertaining work.\\"    This work is  a multiple train wreck as the segments harshly collide.  The segments are jarringly different stylistically and painfully incongruous. I kept thinking it would all come together.  It didn't.     Don't waste your time with this unsatisfying book.
B003CFBQBW|3.0|\\"The Twilight Saga: Eclipse Soundtrack\\" is a good pop CD, but not as good as the first two soundtracks. The Muse track is really good, and the \\"Jacob's Theme\\" is haunting, but no track stands out like \\"Supermassive Black Hole\\" did in the \\"Twilight\\" Soundtrack.
1433502399|4.0|I had seen earlier ESV Bibles from Crossway and was unimpressed with the type and layout.    This one is re-set and is way better -- very nicely done. The additional detail and explanation is great, and quite a bit better than other study bibles I have used.     This version is a winner
0439023491|4.0|Catching Fire continues on where The Hunger Games left off, with Katniss and Peeta preparing for the Victory Tour. Katniss faces consequences from how she ended the previous Hunger Games, and President Snow pays Katniss an unexpected and unwelcomed visit. Believing that she may have \\"mocked\\" the Capitol with her actions, he makes it known that he will keep a watchful eye on her and any actions she makes that might be seen as rebellious.<br /><br />Where the first novel focused more on the Games themselves, Catching Fire spends its majority of time setting up and giving background to the Victory Tour, the fallout of the previous games, the society and possible rebellion brewing, the upcoming Quarter Quell (the 75th anniversary Hunger Games), and the sinister plots of President Snow for these next games. So, it isn't until the last third of the book that the actual games take place. After the previous Hunger Games, there is building momentum of rebellion within the various districts; as Katniss and Peeta make the victory tour, they see evidence that the people are finally lashing out against the Capitol. This time President Snow announces that for the Quarter Quell (the 75th Hunger Games), the participants will be pooled from the previous winners in all the districts. This ensures that Katniss will have to participate, and when Peeta takes Haymitch's place, then the two are back in the games again.<br /><br />One issue Catching Fire explores is Katniss and Peeta's defiance of the Capitol, but much of the time they are thinking rather than reacting to their emotions. They want to rebel, but have to walk a fine line because they fear for the consequences for their families and friends back in District 12. The dilemma Katniss is left with is how can she rebel against something when the opposition expects her to rebel? President Snow and the Capitol represent sort of a Big Brother: they see all, break down society and individuals with force, devise wicked plots against those who stray from them, and manipulate and brainwash society. Once the games are set, another conflict that presents itself is who, Katniss or Peeta, will be one to try to survive to lead a possible rebellion if they survive. This all gets a little complicated because Katniss and Peeta form alliances with several members from other districts after the Games have started; they know, however, that, if the Gamemakers have their way, all alliances will eventually end in death, being that there is only one survivor.<br /><br />What I enjoyed about Catching Fire was its focus on possibilities of breaking free from the \\"system\\" that is the Capitol, Hunger Games, and all it's twisted policies. Individuals are willing to take more risks to confront those in charge. We are left to determine who will be the leader of this revolution. Collins clearly sets the stage, and gives hints and clues for possible events the third book and final book in the series, Mockingjay, without killing any drama in this book. Catching Fire ends with some ambiguity, so we are still a little hazy on the outcomes of several individuals, which will probably be explained in Mockingjay. Still, there is some closure, so it is a worthy and important book in the series.<br /><br />If there was one flaw, it was the overdone romantic triangle with Katniss, Peeta and Gale. Katniss' narratives about Peeta and Gale are a bit tedious, with Katniss being redundant and \\"whiny\\" in nature. I thought these could have been trimmed down a little.<br /><br />However, over all, Catching Fire is a great sequel that lives up to The Hunger Games, one definitely that is an equal to the first book. Often the second book in a series suffers the sophomore jinx, but I think Catching Fire sets the stage in the trilogy perfectly. It will have you eagerly anticipating the concluding book.ose who stray from them, and manipulate and brainwash society. Once the games are set, another conflict that presents itself is who, Katniss or Peeta, will be one to try to survive to lead a possible rebellion if they survive. This all gets a little complicated because Katniss and Peeta form alliances with several members from other districts after the Games have started; they know, however, that, if the Gamemakers have their way, all alliances will eventually end in death, being that there is only one survivor.<br /><br />What I enjoyed about Catching Fire was its focus on possibilities of breaking free from the \\"system\\" that is the Capitol, Hunger Games, and all it's twisted policies. Individuals are willing to take more risks to confront those in charge. We are left to determine who will be the leader of this revolution. Collins clearly sets the stage, and gives hints and clues for possible events the third book and final book in the series, Mockingjay, without killing any drama in this book. Catching Fire ends with some ambiguity, so we are still a little hazy on the outcomes of several individuals, which will probably be explained in Mockingjay. Still, there is some closure, so it is a worthy and important book in the series.<br /><br />If there was one flaw, it was the overdone romantic triangle with Katniss, Peeta and Gale. Katniss' narratives about Peeta and Gale are a bit tedious, with Katniss being redundant and \\"whiny\\" in nature. I thought these could have been trimmed down a little.<br /><br />However, over all, Catching Fire is a great sequel that lives up to The Hunger Games, one definitely that is an equal to the first book. Often the second book in a series suffers the sophomore jinx, but I think Catching Fire sets the stage in the trilogy perfectly. It will have you eagerly anticipating the concluding book.
B002ZG997C|5.0|The Book of Eli is an interesting twist on the post apocalyptic scenario. I won't give anything away but the end of this movie will leave you in absolute amazement. You really cant see it coming until you go back and watch it again after knowing how it ends.
0060763892|5.0|I've read a number of James Rollins's books, and happened to read his latest book, Altar of Eden, two weeks ago.  Unlike Altar of Eden, I didn't want to put this one down and stayed up until 2 a.m. to finish.     Rollins's Sigma force is off again to save the world from a horrific pandemic. On top of this is added a search for Marco Polo's writings; a match up with an old Sigma enemy, Seichan; Indonesian pirates; and pandemic horrors.    Poisoned oceans resulting in bacterial blooms and deadly sea life that seems to thrive in this muck don't seem to be too far from truth so the premise of the book is believable. Yes, it does go off the deep end with zombie cannibals and a puzzling final description of the dispersal of the pandemic-producing bacteria. No, it's not great scientific literature. But, just let the action take you away and enjoy the ride.    One can read this without reading other books in the Sigma series. If you're already a fan of the Sigma series, this one's a roller coaster ride, and the last mention of Monk's prosthetic hand is perfect.
0670021652|3.0|This book was OK, not quite the entertainment value of Eat Pray Love and not quite as intimate although written for a smaller more intimate audience. There were personal antecdotes throughout but I would liken it to sitting in on someone's thesis defense entitled \\"A multicultural analysis of the origins of marriage - from historic BC (before Christ) to modern day PC (politically correct)\\" the only thing lacking from this thesis...i mean novel...is appropriate references or a bibliography.
B002GHHHKG|2.0|This movie is a desperate imitation of \\"wings of desire\\". It is cheesy and barely contemplates the thought of existence. The only part you might want to watch is when the Goo goo dolls song is played. After all, if you want to sacrifice eternity, you better not do it for Meg Ryan!
B002ZG997M|1.0|Ingmar right before me says it all. What kind of human being could watch this grotesque, unbelievably carnivorous gore and call it entertainmnet?  Anyone with eyes and a mind can see that our society will revel in even the worst garbage. Blindly this was ordered and from the cat being wantonly killed and barbequed and fed to a rat is when I SHOULD have stopped but this masterpiece of manure was continued only because Denzel Washington (in my mind) would in a while bring something positive.   When my morning coffee started to come back up, the movie was put up for sale on Amazon. Shame on me for thinking that anything Washington was in would have to be redeemable.   HEED MY WORDS: THIS IS NOT FOR ANYONE WITH A FAINT HEART OR AN AWARENESS OF THE VALUE OF LIFE.  If all Hollywood can come up with is this crap then lets go back to looking at carvings on caves!
B003NX76BM|5.0|Having just returned from a vacation in NW US, I found the setting of this book to be very authentic with great descriptions of this beautiful area. The twists and turns of the plot kept me reading late into the night. The storyline haunted my thoughts even after I had finished the book.  An excellent read!
014241543X|4.0|This book was advertised in the People Twilight Saga edition so I wasn't sure what to expect.  It's not supernatural in the vampire sense, it's an out-of-body experience of a normal teenaged girl.  It makes you think about the value of life in any form vs the ugly but sometimes atrractive alternative, death.
B0015DROBO|4.0|This novel was well worth the price of admission.  The characters were developed well and put into an interesting plot.
B000002H2H|3.0|Amazon needs to be real careful here, or lots of folks are gonna be pissed off. The only difference between SHM and the original is the material that the actual physical CD is made of. That's it. They sound identical, at least on my reference system, to the originals issued from the 80's. If you want the actual Remastered version you're still going to have to pony up for the gold discs produced back in the 90's.<br /><br />DJ
B0015DYIH2|5.0|The Twillight series is perfectly written for the intended audience. The beautifully created setting intertwines the magical world of vampires and shape shifters with a realist world of the high school years. Brilliant love triangle, making the choice between Team Jacob and Team Edward difficult. This last installment is far more graphic than the other books and should be read proir to younger children attempting to read them. Mrs. Meyer leaves us with the hope that the series will continue one day!
B000002H33|4.0|Amazon needs to be real careful here, or lots of folks are gonna be pissed off. The only difference between SHM and the original is the material that the actual physical CD is made of. That's it. They sound identical, at least on my reference system, to the original issued from 1990. If you want the actual Remastered version you're still going to have to pony up for the gold discs produced back in the mid-late 90's.<br /><br />DJ
1442192461|4.0|Jane Austen's novel Emma has been well known since it's publishment.  In the 90's, a successful chick-flick movie, Clueless was based on this novel.  Even though the movie does not in any way depict the intelligence of Jane Austen, it serves the main characters' personalities.  The book by far was absolutely and brilliantly written while easy to understand in fairly relatable modern English.  This book is a great read for literature analysts because it serves a wide variety of character traits within their society.  It can also be used to analyze the socio-economic stereotypes and lifestyles of their time.  The plot and storyline were at a consistent pace with a surprising climax and turn towards the end.  Because it is a love story, it does follow the usual typical love story scenes.  However, love is depicted differently by each couple and character, which sets it apart from other cinderella-like stories, which were popular during that time period.  It is a very relaxing book -- not an intense read.  It is also a classic even though not as widespread or as known as other Austen's novels such as Pride and Prejudice.  It is definitely a recommanded read.
B00280LYHS|5.0|This last book of the series was so good. I could NOT put it down I finished this amazing heart pounding adventure in one day.There was sooo many jaw dropping moments especially at the end I was like I cannot believe they just ended it like that. I actually cried like more than  10 times just reading it. I actually fimished this book  a long time ago but I could not help but write a review especially now that there is a movie for the series. I hope you other young readers loved this book and series as much as I did!!! I really hope I encourged you to read the series and become a Percy Jackson fan just like me!!!
0670020745|5.0|I feel that everyone would benefit from reading this book. Dr. Jill Bolte Taylor's documented journey through her stroke and recovery is, in my opinion, a vital collection of information and inspiration, not only for stroke victims and their caretakers but for everyone that is searching for ways to improve the functionality of their brain...to work in harmony with their brain and to allow a pathway for the full potential of our brain to floruish. Dr. Jill has presented the wonder of neuroanatomy in such a way that it is easily understood as well as enjoyable.  I recommend this book to everyone from 12 to 112!
B003GDYN24|5.0|I absolutely love this album! Every song has a beat you can dance to. Don't let the sparse amount of songs deter you from this album, the tracklisting is perfectly arranged so that there are no fillers. What's the point of a 15-track CD with 10 fillers and only 5 ok songs? This is much more preferable and Kelis was very smart to go this route. Bravo for her and hopefully, her concerts will be just as inspiring as the album itself.
B003FXXNH6|5.0|Scott adkins deserves more recognition then what he's getting right now, seriously because this guy can pull off such amazing martial art fights its ridiculous. I dont know what else to say, im speechless. Keep it comin' scott.
051756338X|5.0|The first novel I read by Edward Rutherfurd was, RUSSKA.  I was enthralled and hooked by the sheer scope of his writing, and I knew I'd read more of his novels.<br /><br />Historical fiction has always been my favorite category of great books.  I am often asked why I prefer historical fiction,  and the reason I give is that the great writers in this genre, including Michener and Rutherfurd,  introduce fictional characters who lived amidst actual historical events; epic periods that transformed human history.  The great writes paint a canvas, which makes these historic events all the more fascinating.<br /><br />But also, the reader gets to know what the characters are like in the way one gets to know a new neighbor or a co-worker.  We are able to learn how these characters coped during critical and turbulent times during human history.  When done well, the great writers allow us to meet their main characters not unlike in today's high tech virtual reality.  We learn what they are thinking, and how they feel about their personal dilemmas, and about the social/political/religious events that occur in their daily lives.<br /><br />For readers [like me] who have a good imagination, when led by a great writer, we can visualize the faces and hear the voices of the characters these great authors create.  We can feel their pains, their passions, their fears.  We get to know the intricate details of their personalities.  In fact, there are many we come to love and despise, and there are many who we can relate to.  Most of all, when introduced by the BEST writers/authors of historical fiction, there are many character who we remember for years to come, if not the remainder of our lives.<br /><br />Oh my! In this regard, Edward Rutherfurd's SARUM did not disappoint.  From the very beginning, I became captivated by the early history about the settlement of Sarum and the events that led to the founding of Stonehenge, which was one of my favorite sections of this great novel.  Specifically, I enjoyed Rutherfurd's description and vivid details of how Stonehenge was evolved.  Of the various theories, Rutherfurd chose the most plausible.  And he begins by introducing the reader to the mason, Nooma, who through an amazing tale was put in charge of building Stonehenge; a character described as a short unsightly man, broad at the shoulders with a big head, etc., and how he was beset with constant problems trying to build the temple by a seemingly impossible deadline given him by the High Priest.<br /><br />The reason I so thoroughly enjoyed Rutherfurd's conception/description of the character he created in Nooma, was because despite the improbable odds, I came to understand Nooma.  I knew that Nooma was very proud of his craftsmanship, and that he would figure out how to solve each enormous problem, such as the task of moving the massive stones to the building site.  And, through Rutherfurd's excellent story telling, I felt compassion for Nooma because he won my affection.  It was as if I knew him personally, for many years.  I felt sympathy for him knowing that he was dealing with a wife and friend who deceived him.  But also, Nooma became more endeared to readers because we sensed his fear, and the urgency he faced as he tackled the tasks before him.  From a 'practical' perspective, Nooma knew and understood all too well that he would be sacrificed to the Gods if he didn't meet the High Priest's deadline.<br /><br />Also, Rutherfurd's  [fictionalized] story of Stonehenge allows the reader to better understand how knowledge of astronomy evolved, and how astronomy would forever play a major role in both religious ceremonies and everyday life.  Furthermore, in SARUM, the chapter about the building of Stonehenge gave me a better understanding of how similar [most] ancient societies are respective to religious rites [including human sacrifice to the Gods], and the power that high priest/spiritual men/shamans have over kings, emperors, and tribal chiefs.<br /><br />If you are a fan of historical fiction, you too will enjoy this amazing epic.  Rutherfurd is a master story teller, and he leaves no details undone.<br /><br />I highly recommend that you add, SARUM THE NOVEL to your collection.<br /><br />Maizie Lucille James<br />July 11, 2010iction, you too will enjoy this amazing epic.  Rutherfurd is a master story teller, and he leaves no details undone.    I highly recommend that you add, SARUM THE NOVEL to your collection.    Maizie Lucille James  July 11, 2010
B002ZG97RE|4.0|Over the years, the history has proved with strong evidence, the truth is not absolute. The commonsense public opinion always seem to collide against the rules of game in what preservation of the National security and the basic principles that support the hegemony. This dichotomy acts as opposite forces: action and reaction that in most of cases tend to achieve a boiling point before the unavoidable climax. In this sense, the classic film \\"Rashomon\\" shows us the truth always depend from the perspective you are placed.<br /><br />Paul Greengrass directed with special boldness this absorbing and compelling war-thriller as so speak, about the besiege of Irak in pursuit of lethal chemical weapons.<br /><br />The figure of the antihero Roy Miller (Matt Damon at their best performance until this date) is the main driving force who tries surmounting any kind of bureaucratic barriers the truth behind formal statements, just to find the crude reality.<br /><br />A solid and very credible script, united to an agile direction make of this exciting movie worthy film to watch.<br /><br />Greg Kinnear is ravishing as Poundstone (The official link who desperately tries by all his means to hide the truth, that can blurry the best intentions).
0440243688|1.0|The last Lee Child I read was a progressive screed. \\"Gone tomorrow\\" was simply a yawner. I know Brits call a huge old home \\"a pile\\" but Americans don't. Except for Jack Reacher, I guess.  We have other meanings for \\"a pile\\" which describe this book.
0743243153|5.0|This is one of my favorite books!  I read it for a college course and kept it in mind for reference.  It is a great read! I recommend it to everyone!
B00337KM2S|4.0|Entertaining, intelligently-made film with dead-on metaphors for the commitment-phobic and economic uncertainty. George Clooney is perfect casting as Ryan Bingham and the filmmakers did an excellent job in milking the film's ironies and metaphors. Bingham, a road warrior, thrives on constant travel and change while having, at his core, a steady job, a luxury compared to the people who, unlike him, rarely travel, have settled down into a steady home and desk job, and get fired for their efforts. No wonder he seems a little smug and superior to them even while he fires them. The irony, of course, is that he too is expendable, and when young whippersnapper Anna Kendrick shows up, it's his turn to defend his \\"traditional\\" way of working before teleconferencing gets him laid off. While this plot twist may sound contrived, it's done plausibly and very amusingly, as played by Clooney and Kendrick. Clooney is forced to take on the task of showing her why technology can't replace the task of firing people in person (ironic, since the laid off people are possibly victims of outsourced technology) by emphasizing his talent for \\"empathy\\". This is supposed to be ironic, since we're supposed to believe Clooney is impersonal and not that given to empathy anyway.<br /><br />He ends up being a hypocrite again when his sister's fiance chickens out at the wedding and he's forced to give a convincing speech about why marriage is good. So Clooney has to play devil's advocate twice, voicing opinions that are the exact opposite of his nature. All of this is very brillantly laid out and entertaining.<br /><br />So what's the problem? I think the film doesn't do a good job of showing how nasty, distant and impersonal Bingham is. Clooney is too likable and charming in the beginning, when he should have been the opposite - like Tom Cruise in \\"Jerry Maguire\\". Cruise was so irritating and annoying I wanted to dump the film halfway - that's what Clooney lacks, the ability to be truly creepy and repulsive. He seems humane and even kind to the laid off workers, so that when he finally shows Kendrick the ropes, I never felt he was acting just to prove something to her. Thus Clooney's \\"transformation\\" is never wholly convincing - he's not a guy you love to hate, just a guy who's a little lost and misguided. This throws the film off the tracks - you can't rejoice over his final ephinany (that his life is lonely) because he didn't seem that distant from that insight in the first place.<br /><br />What a pity. This could have been a great film, but as it is, I can really watch it and enjoy it, but regret there's something missing.ems humane and even kind to the laid off workers, so that when he finally shows Kendrick the ropes, I never felt he was acting just to prove something to her. Thus Clooney's \\"transformation\\" is never wholly convincing - he's not a guy you love to hate, just a guy who's a little lost and misguided. This throws the film off the tracks - you can't rejoice over his final ephinany (that his life is lonely) because he didn't seem that distant from that insight in the first place.     What a pity. This could have been a great film, but as it is, I can really watch it and enjoy it, but regret there's something missing.
B003HFFVDQ|5.0|It's so good it made me want to go back through all The Chemical Brothers' albums. I thought I must've been wrong about the last few years. No such luck.    The final track on 2002's Come With Us was as bad as it got. That was one of Richard Ashcroft's most embarrassing moments as well, and I know that says something. I know that Dick Ashcroft is like ten Ian Browns on coke, and Ian Brown straight as an arrow is like ten Puff Daddys on coke (Puff, Diddy Man, whatever he wants us to call him). Anyway, at least Come With Us had \\"It Began In Afrika\\" and \\"Star Guitar\\". Push The Button (2005) had \\"The Big Jump\\", and We Are The Night (2007) had \\"Das Spiegel\\" and \\"Burst Generator\\" adrift on a BP style disaster.    The latest album, though, is better. It's a consistent and coherent experience. Nothing hits as obviously as \\"The Sunshine Underground\\", but that and \\"Star Guitar\\" are references. The phased pitch shift and tremulous effects, particularly on \\"Another World\\", evoke My Bloody Valentine. M83 tries for a similar kind of electronic shoegaze but, along with airy sounds and digital distortion, Further has the kind of bottom that still allows for a sexy ass dance (\\"Swoon\\" and \\"Escape Velocity\\" in particular).    Time to play the Nazi card. The world is better off without Nazi collaborators, right? Well, we're better off without Chemical Brother collaborators too. That's the world Further finally gives us. The Chemical Brothers understand at last! \\"Believe\\" for example, from Push The Button, is the best song that the Bloc Party singer has worked on, but it'd still be a better song without him. Likewise, just because the singer from Muse and DJs Josef Mengele and Ayn Rand would make their best music with The Chemical Brothers, doesn't mean it's a good idea.    OK, Nazi and Chemical Brother collaborators don't compare. I admit it. Compare instead the instrumental version of \\"Setting Sun\\" with the vocal. Noel Gallagher's voice is an obvious spoiler! The Chemical Brothers arebetter off own their own. They understand at last! Well, perhaps they understand. Perhaps they realise that they might as well take chances, because their recent disasters mean they have less to lose than any time since Exit Planet Dust (1995). Regardless, the absence of star endorsements helps take Further furthest. One final argument: another reason the new album will wear better than Exit Planet Dust and 1997's Dig Your Own Hole is precisely because it avoids the big-hit \\"Block Rockin' Beats\\" sound.    OK, to recap, avoid if you're a fan of big beat, Bloc Party or the Third Reich. I think that's everything.
B003ICWTR4|4.0|I have seen and reviewed several Springsteen videos over the years and I must say that this is one of the finestcaptures of a Springsteen concert that I have seen. From its beginning in broad daylight with a cover of the Clash's London Calling to the final notes of Dancing in the Dark some three hours later this set captures all of the energy and enthusiasm of an evening spent with the Boss.    The show is provided across two DVD's that did not show any of the sonic problems of earlier releases. The sound and picture quality is a constant.  The somg selection is a nice mix of the catalogue through the years with a tad emphasis on the newer material but nuggets from the past do arise fairly frequently in this show.    This is a low priced concert that is definately woth the price of admission and the evening provides a good dose of hard hitting rock and roll played to perfection by one of the best band working today.    See it.
B000006YYM|4.0|Dang it guys! I really wanted the Power and the Glory to be one of my favorite albums ever, but giving it another chance 9 years later, I reeeeeeally don't think it's gonna happen. I want it to, though! I'll just keep hoping and looking to the stars for spiritual guidance and hope one day my prayers will finally be answered.     The title song sounds so unbelievably simple and melodic that the characters on Sesame Street should be out in the streets and dancing together as part of a big muppet party (perhaps to celebrate their 100th year anniversary, whenever that is). Actually... hold on a minute! I don't think that show is anywhere NEAR ready to celebrate 100 magnificent years entertaining children worldwide. Well, enjoy Big Bird anyway.     Let's get back to the title song... unless you enjoy my rants? You know you like them. The verse melody AND the chorus are both super melodic, but... some people might really hate it. Yes it's one of THOSE type of songs. Ugh. I guess I like it... sometimes. Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't! Depending how I feel as I get my lazy butt out of bed determines its place in my world. That's about the best way I can put it.     The best song is \\"Proclamation\\" because it would fit in perfectly with my favorite album of theirs, In a Glass House. Yes, the super bizarre and almost unlistenable nature of THAT album should definitely have a song like \\"Proclamation\\" on it. Now when I say \\"unlistenable\\" that's actually a compliment when it concerns Gentle Giant, because what I really mean is \\"not for the general public\\". You knew that, right? Of course you did! If not, I guess you hadn't been paying attention. :)     \\"So Sincere\\" makes me think about funerals and crying and rainy days. Just a whole bunch of sad emotions rushing through my brain at once. Imagine a gigantic radio up in the sky somewhere and playing \\"So Sincere\\" nonstop all across the world? Everyone would be cutting their depressed faces off. I want to live!\\"Aspirations\\" is just a softly performed little... ballad? Is this a Gentle Giant ballad? Wait, CAN a band like Gentle Giant create believable ballads? Or is it just another trick of theirs to make you believe you should be crying over a tearful vocal melody when in fact you should be feeling a completely separate emotion? So many questions. Answers? Questions! Questions? Answers! Oh wait, that's a Focus album sorry, hehe. Check out Focus by the way. That's actually their band name- Focus. Just look them up here on amazon if you don't believe me.     Alright, \\"Playing the Game\\" should NOT exist. No, it's not a bad song, but it's just... so quiet... and overlong. Quiet enough that most weird people (like myself) don't have the attention span for it, basically making it pure pointless background music. No, Gentle Giant should not be writing songs like these. No way! Just... NO! And it's over 6 minutes long! Get out of town, and take this song with you. Yes that's right- physically rip this specific song off the plastic on the disc and get it out of here. Just don't get so angry you hurt the rest of the album.     \\"Cogs in Cogs\\" is a super melodic slice of fun, written in a similar fashion to the title song. Again I have to ask the million dollar question- is it super melodic in a way I *like?* I think so, yeah. Or it melodic in a way that makes me blush? Ask me again tomorrow when I wake up on the wrong side of the bed and I might just change my constantly confused little mind, hehe.     \\"No Gods a Man\\" features haunting and relatively complex acoustic playing, and it's neatly layered throughout the song like a homemade quilt. The vocals make it feel like a dream too (no, not the kind of dream that makes you think someone is calling your name on the other side of the door right before you fall asleep so you jump awake and respond \\"Yes?\\" but rather, a different kind of dream). Really neat song.     Now what in the WORLD is \\"The Face?\\" What is that musical instrumental that reminds me of a farm, and specifically Charlotte's Web? Do you hear that? I hope you know what I mean. It's no buttermilk bath for Wilbur, that's for sure. Instead it's an insultingly articulate and grammatically correct slice of perfection designed for Charlotte herself! Just kidding about that, but geez- why did they have to go and make Charlotte so smart? Not exactly a confidence booster for people around the globe who struggle to put sentences together. Hearing Charlotte speak doesn't make us wanna learn- it makes us wanna give up instead.     Anyway, let's return to discussing that weird part of \\"The Face\\". Maybe it's just a harmonica playing two notes back and forth over and over again, I don't know. I GUESS that's a harmonica. I can't stop listening to it though, whatever it is. It's permanently burned into my big empty head forever and ever. Just when I completely forget about this song, BAM! Here I am 9 years later with the same addiction to it all over again. How could I possibly forget it in the first place! The violins are quite lovely too. Too bad the vocal melody lets me down like I've just been dumped by the hottest girl in class... at the prom... with all her friends watching. Bummer.     So... what have we here? haha. Gentle Giant definitely attempted to release a commercial album with the Power and the Glory and obviously they didn't succeed or else classic rock stations would be playing THIS 24 hours a day instead of Boston's debut and the Eagles Greatest Hits, but luckily the band bounced back with a significant improvement with Free Hand.     Yes my friends, I fall under the \\"I don't get it\\" camp when it concerns this album. Is it prog? Is it pop? Is it a commercial direction? A camp of misfits perhaps, or a camp of geniuses. You decide.
B001IYCMNA|4.0|I recently purchased this product to extend my wireless coverage on my home network.  I have a Linksys WRT310N wireless-N router and a Linksys 8 port gigabit switch.  I've been unable to use the Wireless WDS Repeater or the Wireless Client/Repeater modes with the Linksys WRT310N wireless-N router, no matter how I configure the WAP4110N.  Evidently this has also been a problem with the WRT610N see \\"WRT610N AND WAP4110N CAN'T BRIDGE WIRELESSLY\\" at [...].  According to David Carr, a Cisco monitor \\"A reasonable solution would be not use the wrt610n and get a wrvs4400n version 2.  Your connecting up a consumer product up to a small business product and in the past i have seen issues with stable and reliable connections...\\"  Also in certain recent models only SSID #1 works while the rest do not, see \\"WAP4410N MULTIPLE SSID NOT SHOWING\\" AT [...].  A firmware patch is being worked on but not yet generally available.  The product overall is a good one if used with the following recommended router/switches: WRV440N wireless gigabit router or the SRW2008PSwitch with POE.  Please be careful if trying to connect to Linksys consumer grade products.  - Further investigation has led me to understand that the WDS mode which allows wireless repeating and bridging is not available in the consumer class devices.  Also the SSID patch is now readily available through Cisco Support.
B000025H0Q|5.0|There are many things about Nick Drake which makes him stick out among singer-songwriters of his era, or of any era, and one thing that especially intrigues me is how his brief discography (only three albums, sans later collections of unreleased material) reveals such a strong versatility. His first album FIVE LEAVES LEFT may be his most poetic, while PINK MOON's most striking characeristic is how minimalistic it is.<br /><br />Produced in between of the two aforementioned albums, BRYTER LAYTER places Nick in yet another kind of atmosphere. The entirety comes off as more energetic, at least whereas the music is concerned. While strings had played a major part on FIVE LEAVES LEFT, saxophones is the instrument which is most evident on BRYTER LAYTER, aside from Nick's own stunning guitar-playing. This may have been partly an attempt to make it more commercially appealing, as FIVE LEAVES LEFT had sold rather poorly. The songs \\"Hazey Jane II,\\" \\"At The Chime of a City Clock\\" and \\"Poor Boy\\" has come to characterize the album as somewhat jazzy, which has further made birth to the misconception that BRYTER LAYTER is \\"overproduced.\\" Nick Drake himself claimed to feel so about the album in the only interview he ever granted.<br /><br />Now, don't get me wrong; Nick Drake was the artist, and if he felt that his second album did not quite turn out the way he intended it to do, and was rather disappointed with that, I totally accept and respect that. However, the way an artist feels about his own work does not always reflect the way the observer feels about it, and as a listener, I must say that I find BRYTER LAYTER to be an experience as overwhelmingly beautiful as I've ever had. For one thing, Drake's lyrics are as intriguing and poignant as always; words like these are doomed to affect:<br /><br />\\"I never felt magic crazy as this<br />I never saw moons knew the meaning of the sea<br />I never held emotion in the palm of my hand<br />Or felt sweet breezes in the top of a tree<br />But now you're here<br />Brighten my Northern Sky...\\"<br /><br />Furthermore, although some songs may indeed be rather \\"jazzy,\\" others are very melancholic; and it is this combination which, among other things, makes BRYTER LAYTER into a full-fledged masterpiece. The string-arranged song \\"Fly\\" often makes me cry and really crawls itself upon you, whereas the next song \\"Poor Boy\\" takes use of saxophones again and even chorus girls; and \\"Northern Sky\\" MIGHT be the most beautiful song Drake ever composed. If I had to elope to a deserted island with only one Nick Drake song, that might have been it. At least today.rthern Sky...\\"    Furthermore, although some songs may indeed be rather \\"jazzy,\\" others are very melancholic; and it is this combination which, among other things, makes BRYTER LAYTER into a full-fledged masterpiece. The string-arranged song \\"Fly\\" often makes me cry and really crawls itself upon you, whereas the next song \\"Poor Boy\\" takes use of saxophones again and even chorus girls; and \\"Northern Sky\\" MIGHT be the most beautiful song Drake ever composed. If I had to elope to a deserted island with only one Nick Drake song, that might have been it. At least today.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|This is the best movie out of the series!  The actors have matured and the scenes were extremely well shot.  Looking forward to the final two movies of the series!
0525948023|5.0|This book I have not yet finished, but I can say so far that it can appeal to every mind, and is so deep in thought. Every page is dense with useful psychological and spiritual material, and has a primary focus on the workings of the \\"ego,\\" pointing out how our \\"ego\\" makes us into something we are not and how it has the power to decieve us. This is one of my favorites and I stress the books actual impact that it will have on the way you will handle problematic situations.
0439023483|5.0|I have recently discovered a love of young adult literature, having been an English Lit major in my undergraduate studies. I like the easy to follow storylines and the lack of gratuitous sex scenes that are usually such a huge part of adult literature.  The Hunger Games was one of the first YA books I read and I can't believe how quickly I was sucked in!  I couldn't put it down and if I hadn't had to pause to go to class, I would have read it at one sitting! I even debated about whether or not I could justify skipping class just to finish this book!    Suzanne Collins manages to create a post-apocalyptic world in a way that seems so realistic, it was easy to forget that this place and time were works of fiction.  I don't like to give too much of the story away in a review, but suffice it to say that this book is definitely a must-read for young girls as the heroine in the story is a very strong, resilient young woman who goes to great lengths to first protect her mother and sister, then the people from her home town, and finally, all people suffering under a tyrannical regime and desperately wanting to be liberated!  It is a must read!
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Of course, once you get to the end of this compelling series, you realize that (ever since Juliet set off the bomb) the entire gang was gone. But the suspense and mystery is maintained until the very last moment. Still, at heart, this is almost a 'Dallas'-type, 'entire thing was a dream' sort of thing.<br /><br />Simple -- and true -- as that may be, it does not do justice to what is surely one of the most elaborate, incredibly well-thought-out plots, and beautifully constructed finales ever made for a popular, long-running television series.  The acting is first rate.  The sets are atmospheric.  The photography is beautiful.  The music underscores and highlights the emotions portrayed.<br /><br />John Locke is fearsome as the personification of evil.  Ben is his usual self-serving, amoral, and hateful self.  Thank god the utterly obnoxious Michael appears only briefly in the final season.  But even these characters become bathed in the benevolent light that pervades the entire season.<br /><br />Most admirable of all, the writers and actors have managed to walk the fine line of sentiment, in the most heart-wrenching scenes (and there are many), without ever crossing over into sentimentality.<br /><br />The final season is a fitting, and elevated, tribute to one of the greatest series ever produced on American television.  A real communion.
B001HN694K|1.0|I'm tired of going into intricate detail with how bad this movie was, so I'm summing it up quickly:    This movie killed my childhood, and everything I've loved ever (as my earliest influence in taste regarding media/entertainment was fueled by Burton, from the age of about 3 or less)    and a direct message to Burton himself    This is bad, and you should feel bad for making it.    Thank you.
1416955070|5.0|You have to give this book about 90 pages before it takes off.  From that point forward, it is a non-stop page turner.  I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan and I was looking for something to read (until JK gives up and gives us another masterpiece!).  I read the Twilight series an was only mildly impressed, Stephenie Meyer recommend the Mortal Instruments series.  Trust me, this series is far and above the Twilight series.  If you are a Harry Potter fan than this is the series for you.    Clare completely immerses you into the Shadow World much like JK does in the Harry Potter series.  Clare creates vivid characters that you are compelled to root for (Jace and Lucian) and characters that you want to hate, but can't because they truely believe what they are doing is right no matter what means they use to achieve their goals (Valentine).  The best part of Clare's writing is the unbelievable plot twists.
B001RIY49C|5.0|This Terminator 2 Limited Edition Set is simply the best I´ve ever seen! My friends went crazy about it... I recommend! A must have!
B00164GDD2|5.0|When it comes to Ghostbusters, there isn't much of anything to say that hasn't been said already. Dan Akyroyd, Bill Murray, Harold Ramis, and Ernie Hudson put on one of the best performances of their lives. The technobabble between Akyroyd and Ramis's characters were funny, engaging, fascinating, and just fun to listen to, and Murray's dry humor fit perfectly well and was just hilarious. Rick Moranis and Sigourney Weaver's performances were amazing as well and Slimer was just awesome.  The transfer to Blu-ray went amazingly well. Sure there is a little grain and the 80s' effects were more visible but that was part of the movie. It was made in 1984 after all. All in all it's a must buy for any Ghostbusters fan young and old.
B000784WMW|5.0|To put it simply, this is the absolute best Jane Eyre movie there is.  None of the other versions come remotely close in quality or depth to this version.  Many parts of this movie are word-for-word from the book, which I know from having read it cover-to-cover.  The clothing, furniture, landscapes, and even the people in this movie are deliciously lush.  The acting is superb.  Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton are brilliant in this movie!
1439102813|5.0|Still Alice, by Lisa Genova, may quite possibly be one of my favorite books! It is a heart-wrenching novel told from the point of view of a woman in her 50's who discovers that she has early onset Alzheimer's disease. It is a fascinating read as it allows you to see and understand this disease from a very personal perspective as it slowly deteriorates the mind of main character Alice.     Alice is a renowned professor of cognitive psychology at Harvard, which builds the irony throughout Genova's story, since understanding the mind is Alice's profession. However, when she begins to lose her memory, we are pulled into the sadness of Alice's world as she first discovers her illness and then prepares to tell her family and her colleagues.  The reader is allowed, first hand, to experience the frustration that comes with this disease - from the beginning stages (forgetting things, getting lost, grasping for words and memories) to the later and more devastating stages (not recognizing her own husband and children).     This book is a must read for anyone who knows someone with Alzheimer's disease or for someone who wants to further understand the disease. Even if that's not the case, which wasn't mine in picking up the book, it is a story that will not only educate you, but will move you as well. I give my highest recommendation to Lisa Genova's book, Still Alice.    - Monique Ritter, Author of The Song Unsung
B000002MY3|5.0|I was so excited to get this cd, i had it on cassette tape and hadnt listened to it for years, and it is as good as i remember it to be. I got it quickly and in perfect condition, Thanks
0307454541|2.0|The book took 200 pages to get going and then lost momentum 100 pages after that. The sexually explicit scenes were unnecessary and disturbing. The final scenes of the book seem only to exist to justify the title of the book which could just as easily be called \\"The Journalist With the Libel Conviction\\" since it was just as much about him as it was about her.
0142437611|4.0|As a novelist whose work certainly mirrors his personal life, Saul Bellow's 1956 novella Seize the Day certainly depicts what apparently was the worst time in the author's early life.<br /><br />In 1956, Bellow waited 8 months in Reno while his divorce was finalizing.  During that time this work was finished. This book focuses upon one bad day for a washed-up actor, washed-out salesman protagonist named Tommy Wilhelm whose ignorance or bad luck make for one really bad day.<br /><br />Unlike the overly worked and extremely detailed depressing events of other famous one-day novels -  [[ASIN:1840226358 Ulysses]] or the sop melodrama ending of life day in [[ASIN:0061120154 Under the Volcano]] -  the details are crisply portrayed in this piece. Like [[ASIN:1840226358 Ulysses]] or [[ASIN:0061120154 Under the Volcano]], this fictional account of a man's day in a man's life can be deemed depressing by the vast majority of its readers - maybe even a unanimous crowd of readers would agree to the depressing aspects of this and the other two novels.<br /><br />Although the Beatles told us \\"Money can't buy me love\\", Tommy would like a little of it.  Pay some to the ex-spouse so as to make her less belligerent in hounding him for more money for she and \\"her boys.\\"  If he had made a little more, he may have earned a little more respect from the person most people want to receive praise or respect from: their parent(s). At one time, realizing his affluent and very successful father's objectionable impression of his failed son is about money, he blurts to his father, \\". .. You hate me. And if I had money you wouldn't. By God, you have to admit it. The money makes the difference. Then we would be a fine father and son.. . \\" To which his father replies, \\"I can't give you any money. There would be no end to it if I started . . . I want nobody on my back. Get off!\\"<br /><br />That may have been one of the less painful discussions between the two as they were at least direct and honest with one another.  Something which many other passages lack.<br /><br />This author, I believe, delivers novels from the heart.  When times are better, happier pieces like [[ASIN:0143039571 The Adventures of Augie March ]]emerge.  When they are sadder, you receive works like this or [[ASIN:0142437298 Herzog (]].  March is styled  more like fellow Chicagoan - Theodore Dreiser.  This work and Herzog are more like John O'Hara, John Updike or Richard Ford.  Choose to your likingh many other passages lack.    This author, I believe, delivers novels from the heart.  When times are better, happier pieces like [[ASIN:0143039571 The Adventures of Augie March ]]emerge.  When they are sadder, you receive works like this or [[ASIN:0142437298 Herzog (]].  March is styled  more like fellow Chicagoan - Theodore Dreiser.  This work and Herzog are more like John O'Hara, John Updike or Richard Ford.  Choose to your liking
B000002I8D|3.0|Phil Collins' solo career seems to be more commercial and therefore more satisfying, in a narrower way. Especially songs like In the Air Tonight and Against All Odds. But I also think Phil Collins works best within the confines of the group than as a solo artist, and I stress the word ARTIST.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|So, one reads all the time about authors who have had their work adapted by Hollywood complaining about what a lousy job was done.  Well, as the author of the novel [[ASIN:076532413X Flashforward]] upon which this TV series is based, let me say that this is NOT one of those cases.  Yes, they changed things, but I was consulted by Executive Producer David S. Goyer and Brannon Braga about the changes even before they had secured rights to my book, I served as consultant on every episode (and wrote the 19th episode, \\"Course Correction\\"), and I loved the series.  The cast was phenomenal, the scripts were mostly excellent, and the whole thing looked fabulous.  So many good episodes, but I suppose my favorites are \\"No More Good Days,\\" \\"Scary Monsters and Super Creeps,\\" \\"The Gift,\\" and \\"The Garden of Forking Paths.\\"  Oh, and we got to pull off a television first:  after years of Toronto masquerading as Los Angeles, L.A. got to stand in for T.O. in the episode \\"Revelation Zero.\\" How cool is that?
B000008HPE|5.0|Their early work was a little too new wave for my tastes, but when Sports came out in '83, I think they really came into their own, commercial and artistically. The whole album has a clear, crisp sound, and a new sheen of consummate professionalism that really gives the songs a big boost. He's been compared to Elvis Costello, but I think Huey has a far much more bitter, cynical sense of humour. In '87, Huey released this, Fore, their most accomplished album. I think their undisputed masterpiece is \\"Hip to be Square\\", a song so catchy, most people probably don't listen to the lyrics. But they should, because it's not just about the pleasures of conformity, and the importance of trends, it's also a personal statement about the band itself.
B0036CWK8O|4.0|If you are new to Helloween, this isn't the best introduction to the band. Another compilation or Keeper of the Seven Keys 1 or 2 is a better way to start.    That being said, I am a long time Helloween fan; Michael Kiske was still singer of the band when I got into them. Helloween has almost become synonymous with Power Metal, combining speed & precision, with catchy sing-along choruses, twin harmony solos, and constant double bass drumming.    If you only like Helloween's power metal side, then this album will probably not appeal to you. Helloween has always had a fun side, and if you remember the Chameleon album (and to a lesser extent Pink Bubbles Go Ape), then you might recall that Helloween had a more experimental side, which is reflected on this album. All the songs are well-known, but at first it is rather bizarre listening to all the reworked versions on this album.     The more I listen to it, the more I like the album.     Dr. Stein - This a very upbeat, almost ska-like rendition of the classic Helloween hit, including some honky-tonk, boogie-woogie piano, and saxophones.    Future World - This is a pretty straight-forward unplugged version. The songs is flawless, so it works acoustically as well as a power metal anthem.    If I Could Fly - Although the original featured piano, it was a very dark, moody song. They turned it into a much brighter, almost poppier version, pretty cool if you ask me.    Where The Rain Grows - They turned this upbeat rocker into a half-time acoustic ballad. Interesting    The Keeper's Trilogy (Medley) - One of the highlights of the album! Very orchestral! Many parts are like a filmscore a la Danny Elfman. This is the only song on the album where you will hear double bass drumming. Many of the guitar parts were replaced with strings & horns. The choir adds nicely to the overall epic feel of these songs.    Eagle Fly Free - Like \\"Where the Rain Grows\\" they turned this fast-paced power metal track into a half time ballad, including some female background vocals.    Perfect Gentleman - This doesn't deviate much from the original, as it was already a fun song to begin with.    Forever & One - This song was originally a power ballad. Piano is very prominent, and the choir adds very nicely to the song, making it almost like a gospel version of the original.    I Want Out - They added some children's choir as background, which reminds me of Pink Floyd's \\"Another Brick in the Wall Pt. 2\\" It's almost like a campfire, sing-along version.    Fallen To Pieces - Although this song is mostly acoustic, it has some strange/interesting electronic things going on in the background, turning it into a very ambient version of this song with an almost electronica type feel/vibe.    A Tale That Wasn't Right - Possibly the highlight of the album. This is a very orchestral (almost completely classical music) version of the original power ballad, which was a great song to begin with. Andi sings his heart out (although I think most of us still prefer to hear Kiske singing the old songs).    Why? (Hidden bonus track) - This is also an interesting version. They changed the grooves in the drum, so the song seems faster. OK version, I can see why it's a hidden or bonus track.
B00129H7VS|5.0|This show is just simply amazing in every way.  Everything about it, the way it was shot, the dialog, the actors etc comes together to make a gripping series.  What is even more amazing is that it was all true which adds to the show.  My entire family loves this series and every time it comes on we still watch every episode because to be honest nothing on television can beat such a show.  So I highly recommend Band of Brothers!!
B00319ECC4|5.0|Mechanize is brutal...i love the sheer power of the music on this disc,its kinda between Demanufacture and Obsolete.Mechanize,Christploitation,and Oxidizer are among some of my favorite cuts.If you're looking for old ff this ain't it,but it's really freakin good tho.....If you're a metal head,and really dig ff,you cant go wrong with Mechanize...I gave it 5 stars cause im glad to have a new cd from ff...and the music and vocals are killer as well..Get Mechanize,and crank that bad boy up.....
0891419063|5.0|This was a Father's Day gift. My husband had watched the series The Pacific and he wanted to read the book<br />that Sledge had written. When he got it, he had it read in just a couple of days. Said it was an excellent<br />book.
0143038583|5.0|Recommended to me by a friend, this book will change my dietary habits for life.  Sometimes it gets a bit \\"over the top\\" and some of the wording gets a bit \\"over my head\\", yet the content and the references to the literature are outstanding.  Over all I find the book entrancing, and though I am only 1/3 rd through it, I spend almost all my \\"free\\" time reading it.
B00265PN0Y|4.0|One of the finest from Brasil to grace the screen. Heartwarming and endearing, the 2 protagonists' personal journey into each other's lives is believable and worth the time. Initially it can be a bit slow, however the character development is what earned this film Academy nods, and rightly so. The music is simple and captivating and the setting truly illustrates the lifestyle so many face in Brazil. A film definitely worth remembering or bringing out again.
B002WY65W4|5.0|It's seems the United States of America was once the land of the free is now the land of the dead, a toxic virus has spread turning people into flesh-eating zombies. Most of the country's population has gone down the toliet into living hell no thanks to the undead, a survivor who calls himself Columbus (Jesse Eisenberg) has been traveling on the road through this apocalyptic ordeal as he creates his own sets of rules. He meets up with a fellow Texas resident survivor named Tallahasse (Woody Harrelson) who's been surviving as well with a special car and a handful of weapons he can use to exterminate them like bugs, he does searches everywhere for a Twinkie that he desires so much. They also meet two other survivors a kid named Little Rock (Abigail Breslin) and sister Wichita (Emma Stone) as they all head to Los Angeles so they can go to a special zombie-free Amusement park called Playland to have some fun.<br /><br />Brilliant, thrilling and gory rollercoaster ride of an original and classy horror-comedy action flick. This one is a great zombie film satire even a commentary of society gone wrong when something makes the apocalypse, Woody gave us one of the best performances of his career and there is some gory violence here but shown comically. I'd say it's the best horror-comedy of 2009 and the laughs are fresh as ever, i also love how it shows some innovative scenes like showing the audience what the rules are to survive a zombie apocalypse. I think this movie is a new zombie film sensation and one of the best of the genre around.<br /><br />This Blu-Ray offers flawless picture with nifty theatrical sound at it's best with great extras such as featurettes, audio commentary, deleted scenes, Visual Effects Progression Scenes, Trailers, A cute zombie short film and a BD exclusive such as Beyond-the-grave<br /><br />Also recommended: \\"Night of the Creeps\\", \\"Night of the Living Dead (1968 and 1990)\\", \\"Dawn of the Dead (1978 and 2004)\\", \\"Day of the Dead (1985)\\", \\"Land of the Dead\\", \\"Diary of the Dead\\", \\"Survival of the Dead\\", \\"Lifeforce\\", \\"Night of the Comet\\", \\"Kickass\\", \\"Near Dark\\", \\"From Dusk Till Dawn\\", \\"Zombies of Mass Destruction\\", \\"Tokyo Zombie\\", \\"Re-Animator\\", \\"Shaun of the Dead\\", \\"Nightmare City\\", \\"Evil Dead 1 & 2\\", \\"City of the Living Dead (Gates of Hell)\\", \\"The Serpent and The Rainbow\\", \\"Bride of Re-Animator\\", \\"Beyond Re-Animator\\", \\"An American Werewolf in London\\", \\"Cemetery Man\\", \\"Pineapple Express\\", \\"Superbad\\", \\"Resident Evil Trilogy\\", \\"Undead\\", \\"Feast\\", \\"Grindhouse\\", \\"Zombie Holocaust\\", \\"28 Days and 28 Weeks Later\\", \\"Dead Snow\\", \\"The Return of the Living Dead 1 2 and 3\\", \\"My Boyfriend's Back\\", \\"Thriller\\", \\"Pet Sematary 1 & 2\\", \\"Redneck Zombies\\", \\"The Beyond\\", \\"Dead and Breakfast\\", \\"Bio-Zombie\\", \\"Chopper Chicks in ZombieTown\\", \\"\\"Dead and Buried\\", \\"Let Sleeping Corpses Lie (a.k.a. Living Dead at the Manchester Morgue)\\" and \\"Hell of the Living Dead\\".the Dead\\", \\"Survival of the Dead\\", \\"Lifeforce\\", \\"Night of the Comet\\", \\"Kickass\\", \\"Near Dark\\", \\"From Dusk Till Dawn\\", \\"Zombies of Mass Destruction\\", \\"Tokyo Zombie\\", \\"Re-Animator\\", \\"Shaun of the Dead\\", \\"Nightmare City\\", \\"Evil Dead 1 & 2\\", \\"City of the Living Dead (Gates of Hell)\\", \\"The Serpent and The Rainbow\\", \\"Bride of Re-Animator\\", \\"Beyond Re-Animator\\", \\"An American Werewolf in London\\", \\"Cemetery Man\\", \\"Pineapple Express\\", \\"Superbad\\", \\"Resident Evil Trilogy\\", \\"Undead\\", \\"Feast\\", \\"Grindhouse\\", \\"Zombie Holocaust\\", \\"28 Days and 28 Weeks Later\\", \\"Dead Snow\\", \\"The Return of the Living Dead 1 2 and 3\\", \\"My Boyfriend's Back\\", \\"Thriller\\", \\"Pet Sematary 1 & 2\\", \\"Redneck Zombies\\", \\"The Beyond\\", \\"Dead and Breakfast\\", \\"Bio-Zombie\\", \\"Chopper Chicks in ZombieTown\\", \\"\\"Dead and Buried\\", \\"Let Sleeping Corpses Lie (a.k.a. Living Dead at the Manchester Morgue)\\" and \\"Hell of the Living Dead\\".
B001GCUO5M|5.0|KEEPS YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT -Leonardo DiCaprio IS AWESOME IN THIS ONE!
0316098337|4.0|I was intrigued by the premise of this book, a kind of Jaycee Dugard story, but told from a child's point of view, in a style reminiscent of Mark Haddon's The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.  I have only picked up one other book by this author, Slammerkin, and frankly, I didn't read more than a few pages, it just wasn't for me.  But this book is such a departure, and was so pleasantly surprised, I am awfully glad I took the plunge and decided to try it.<br /><br />Jack is the child who was born into the \\"Room,\\" and who has no idea of the world outside.  Until he is 5, his mother a young woman who was abducted at age 18 or 19 (now 26)has only been exposed to the outside world through television, which he thinks is another planet.<br /><br />Without ruining the novel, the grandmother makes insensitive but heroic efforts with Jack, and \\"Steppa\\" (step-grandfather) connects with Jack.  The mother, Ma, who was young, but innately sensitive to her child's needs, somehow raises Jack in such a way that he is highly intelligent, sensitive and perceptive.  There are many excellent issues raised here, and the book is very compelling reading, my 13 year old daughter also enjoyed it very much (as I was reading ahead of her, in case there was anything too scary or adult for her).  In short, I loved this novel.  Excellent writing, and I will look for more contemporary novels in the future!
B003EPPEP4|5.0|This album surprised me because of the mature way she shows her understanding of the music that was way before her young years.She performs them with a style all her own,and seemingly with ease.    It is a great addition to anyone's music collection,especially for those who enjoy the classic songs of old.    I saw her on a PBS special,and knew I must have the album....  it appears on my ipod playlists frequently,and I never tire of listening!    Can't wait for more from her!!!!!
B0032Y8XH8|4.0|I bought this CD on recommendation from some friends with similar musical tastes.  One of the top 3 recommendation of new music this year!  I was sorry to see this is their only release, and look forward to to their next release.  the best $8 I've spent lately.
0307266303|1.0|I have no idea why this good got good reviews. If you are buying it because you would like to be motivated to run barefoot, that't lovely. I have been running for about 15 years without problems. Thanks to this author, I decided to try running barefoot. I now have a case of plantar fasciitis for the last 8 months that I can't get rid of. I found the writing ridiculous. The writer puffs himself up like some character from some old western.
B002UZCJ8Y|3.0|How pervasive is technology? How desensitizing is it? How frightened and paranoid are we now of everything? SURROGATES takes our obsession with online chat rooms and progresses it to something even more subversive. In the near future, a technology is developed in which we don't even have to leave our homes to enjoy a \\"full life.\\" Instead our minds inhabit robotic doppelgangers and these puppets assume our careers and interact - or is it interface? - with our friends and associates... who are also puppets. In the near future, to live remotely, vicariously, is the safest and vastly preferred option, never mind that it's so... sterile.<br /><br />Not everyone buys into this surrogacy. Surrogacy-free zones dot the landscape peopled by a maverick society which would rather breathe the good air and feel that warm sunlight on living skin. Surrogates call these folks \\"meatbags.\\" The movie opens with a surrogate being destroyed by a sort of \\"overload device\\" and the mind linked to it fried like eggs sunny side up. Or was the brain liquified in its skull? I can't remember, but the result is the same. The hammer drops when it's learned that the victim is the son of the scientist who invented surrogate technology. And can the meatbags be that far behind when suspects are lined up?<br /><br />What kills me is that, in this film, people have found a new and really rude way to disengage from a difficult conversation, simply by turning off their surrogates. This is even more jarring than when someone hangs up the phone on you.<br /><br />In this cold new environment, illusions are created so conveniently, like it ain't no thing. Blemishes are handily erased. A hairy fat man could be a svelte young woman. A nerdy Caucasian lab scientist could be a strapping black lab scientist. Bruce Willis could be Bruce Willis with a fuller head of hair. SURROGATES is adapted from a graphic novel, and that's a plus for me. Bruce Willis plays FBI Agent Tom Greer who investigates the baffling murder mystery... and Bruce Willis in these sci-fi action roles is always an incentive for me to tune in. Willis has earned massive, massive good will from me via his work in THE FIFTH ELEMENT and 12 MONKEYS alone.<br /><br />Bruce finds himself in a film touting one of them ambitious concepts but, as ever, what really draws me in are the humanizing elements. The sci-fi premise rocks, yeah, but it's when Tom Greer is forced to venture out in the streets in his very own bruised-up flesh that I really edged up on my seat. It isn't really until he's mingling with the robot mannequins that it sinks in just how much of an alien beast this surrogacy society has become. Willis has acting chops enough that he easily conveys that emotional hurt and horror brought about by a past tragedy (which I actually thought unnecessary) and by his ever growing disconnect with his wife Maggie (Rosamund Pike). Maggie would rather spend all her time in her surrogate body and live a happy life of illusion. And over time Greer and his wife have grown emotionally detached. And then, of course, Radha Mitchell would hurl that parking meter at him... No wonder that, later, when Agent Greer is faced with a life-defining choice, you're never quite sure which way he would tilt. Ultimately, it's Bruce Willis's grounding presence which salvages this movie for me.<br /><br />Agent Greer eventually uncovers a diabolical plot to purge the world of surrogates, not that I cared about any of that. Because by that point I'd grown disenchanted with a plot which bogs down and is ultimately lifeless and done by rote. SURROGATES soon becomes just another sci-fi action thriller, when it could've been more than that, when it could've been, for example, another BLADERUNNER. And the murder mystery? It's pretty easy to finger the man hiding in the shadows, manipulating events. On the good side of the ledger, I do appreciate the little touches the actors commit to in their surrogate roles. Whether it's with a look or a gesture or a pose, a subtle something to suggest that certain stiffness and artificiality. I thought Rosamund Pike was particularly phenomenal at this. But it's really weird nowadays to see Bruce Willis with a healthy coif.ture or a pose, a subtle something to suggest that certain stiffness and artificiality. I thought Rosamund Pike was particularly phenomenal at this. But it's really weird nowadays to see Bruce Willis with a healthy coif.
0307346617|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  If you are a fan of zombies this is totally for you.  I'm truly amazed at the quality of Mr. Brooks' writing from so many different perspectives. A very cool story.
1905236042|5.0|This deck has great ideas for a few children or many for a specific age or multi-age. It can be used in a classroom setting, indoor recess, a daycare or your own family. The deck is over sized making the illustrations of the poses very clear. It is also multicultural. I taught a yoga and music class for 2 weeks to children 4-10 years old and this was my main resource. This was worth every penny.
B0001I55SS|3.0|...if but for a few things.<br /><br />Before I take \\"The Black Hole\\" apart, I will say that when I was young, it was a movie I thoroughly enjoyed.  It's clean, clever and has some lovable characters (i.e. Vincent).  Maximillian was a great looking villan (though arguably a cylon rip-off).  It is visually wonderful and obviously had a lot of work thrown into making it an epic Sci-Fi.  The soundtrack was great.  The premise is great and I imagine that some day, it may be re-made into a truly amazing movie.  The whole mystique of the black hole is a great Sci-Fi concept.<br /><br />That being said, if this movie wasn't competing with the George Lucas series of the same era, it still wouldn't have been a classic.  The characters and dialogue are comically weak (how many times have we seen the crazy scientist alone in space before?).  Many of the scenes and concepts are now, at least in the 21st century, laughable (i.e. when there's the hull breach in the garden and everyone simple walks through it without getting sucked into space, or even having breathing problems).  The ending was simply bizarre (did the doctor and the robot combine to become Satan?) and for the last 5 mintues, I didn't have a clue whether I was watching a bad heavy metal video from the 80's or the same movie.<br /><br />It's a clean enough movie for some older kids to watch (there's God's name in vain and d**n, but no blood or sexual scenes) and it will get imaginations going, but I'm glad I got it cheap.  One watch and it's not getting watched again...unless I have an MST3K party.  Then it's DEFINITELY coming out!
B001GCUO5W|1.0|This movie was nothing like the preview and was completley misleading. It was one of the worst moves I have  this year if not all time.  Don't waste your money or your time.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|For a while I thought I would have to say farewell to the passion driven rapper I once knew. Often I found myself having conversations asking what happened to the eminem who rapped about things other than bashing stars and music fluff, so I was very hesitant to purchase this CD. Luckily my brother got it and I gave it a listen and was very, VERY pleased to hear that he had found the passion he seemed to have once lost. He may not be able to rap about killing kim and other graphic things (I am sure the lawyer fees began adding up) but he made up in many other ways. Long story short, I would definitely urge someone on the fence to buy this CD.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Planet Earth is amazing in blueray, and this BBC edition is definitely the way to go. The narration is much better. The video is exactly the same, otherwise.
B003ES5JDS|4.0|I was prepared to dislike the new DC direct-to-dvd animated film, Batman: Under the Red Hood.  I've been annoyed with these animated films for a number of reasons, some admittedly nitpicky and petty, but annoyances just the same.  However, after watching a review copy I was quite pleased with the way it worked out!  Having read the original story arc in the comics, I wondered how they were going to take such a complex tale, one that draws on various Batman stories going as far back as 1951, and roll it all up into a neat little self-contained package lasting under an hour and 20 minutes (short running time--another gripe of mine).  The answer is, quite deftly!    The story has to do with the Batman's greatest failure, the sadistic, violent death of the second Robin, Jason Todd, at the hands of the Joker, who began his career as a masked criminal known as the Red Hood, which is established in short, succinct flashbacks.  The story begins five years after the death of Jason Todd and involves a criminal turf war between the Black Mask, an aggressive and entrepreneurial mob boss who wears a black skull mask, and a new masked criminal--a new Red Hood.  This new Red Hood is trying to clean up Gotham by controlling the gangs, and his methods are violent, ruthless, and murderous, and thus he comes to the attention of the Batman.  A showdown is inevitable, but who's manipulating who, how will the Black Mask react, and what role does the volatile Joker play in the plan?    The story is action-packed, very dark, and should make casual viewers and fans quite happy.  Some gripes; Bruce Greenwood and John DiMaggio turn in terrific jobs as the Batman and the Joker, respectively, but I really wish they would have gotten Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill to play the parts.  Those two actors are so well associated with the roles and it would have been quite interesting to see how they would have handled such a dark and violent story.  Sometimes the violence is kept to a nil when it shouldbe amped up.  For example, the death of Jason Todd is fairly unbelievable; the Joker spends a good deal of time beating him with a crowbar, yet afterwards he looks only as though he fell down and scraped himself up a little.  The comic book story, A Death In the Family, regulated by the Comics Code Authority no less, showed blood, bruising, swelling, a shredded costume, and made him look more than half dead.  The movie fails to convey this, and when they're dealing with a PG-13 rating they could certainly have done better.    Another big problem I have with this film, and the DC direct-to-dvd movies in general, is the short running time.  Again, with a PG-13 rating and such dark and complex stories, it's more than obvious that the intended audience is NOT young children and pre-teens, but rather an older, more mature audience.  So why the short running times geared towards the short attention spans of young children?!  This film runs one hour and 15 minutes.  The last film, Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths, ran only one hour and 13 minutes.  Please, DC, PLEASE--know your audience and realize that the vast majority of people purchasing these films are adults who can keep track of sophisticated plots, complex character development, and running times that are closer to those of adult movies--an hour and a half to two hours!  If you did that, you could do so much more with these animated films.    Depsite my gripes, I have to give this movie four out of five stars.  It was very entertaining, with lots of action and some seriously twisted moments from both the Joker and the Black Mask.  Parents, please take note from a fellow parent:  just because this is an animated film, that does not mean it is suitable for young children.  Please take the PG-13 rating seriously.
030726999X|5.0|Lisbeth Salander is one of my favorite fictional characters.  It's a tragedy that Larsson passed away so young.  He's a brilliant storyteller.
B003GDYN24|5.0|I have to say I have followed Kelis since the 1st (Kaleidoscope) album and her second lp (Wanderland) was by far the Best. And what is sad about that one it was never released in the U.S? So in my opinion she has had it pretty hard in the music industry. I think she was just to advanced for our market at the time. I have loved each and every album she has done for different reasons. (Tasty) was the u.s Watered down version of (Wanderland) which was a far more superior album. (Kelis was here) Was mainly produced by Polow Da Don Mostly and sounded like a bad interpretation of pharrell. So each album in my opinion was least creative after the 1st two. So lets face it people, the Neptune's were her muze and her creative partners and best work. And for what ever reason they have chosen not to work with her anymore. So her music has definitely been kind of a stretch since then. The previous album wasn't mixed properly and the songs were only reinterpretations of her past glory. So I pride her in going into a new direction that will put her in a new genre all together. It shows that she listens to different things like Madonna and wants to expand her self into a different culture. This isn't all about the money and the fame she is going for the recognition in a underground arena. Armin Van Buuren and a lot of other famous Dj's can now add her too there playlist. This is a beautiful album and very easy listening, almost like a trance experience. I think at this point she has no choice but to move forward there are no R&B producers in the game left that can propel her forward. She has had her time in that genre and I think she was a innovator like Aaliyah so she has done her time. This is authentic Euro Trance/Dance music this is not some cheesy techno commercial garbage. So I have to applaud her on actually knowing the music and not doing a interpretation. If I had to guess... at some point in her earlier years she was a rave kid! If every R&B/Hip Hop artist thought this way they probably would have a longer career.
0156012197|5.0|This is a great book for children, but even more important for adults to read. For such a small and compact book it has enough content to keep you thinking for days. A must for every book lover's collection.
B001FB4W0W|1.0|The story line gets so far away from the books it was made after and it's unfortunate because the books really are much better.     Because the series strayed so far from the books it seems like a LOT was left out of the main plot of the book and led to really poor character development and plot development.     I thought the actors were so unbelievable for the characters they were portraying, it's hard to root for them, and I don't know if it's the actor's or director's fault but the scenes are so cheesy, sometimes it's just plain painful to watch.
0762759437|5.0|The Brooklyn food scene--not only restaurants, but also markets, food events and festivals, and specialty shops--has truly exploded in the past decade.  As a resident and food lover, I find it hard sometimes to keep up, and even harder to distinguish between mere hype and earned accolades.  Sherri Eisenberg's Food Lovers' Guide to Brooklyn is an invaluable resource for planning meals out or food-related excursions.  Broken down by neighborhood, the book includes maps, reviews, and highlights for each listing.  It has certainly encouraged me to explore further into the borough than I have gone before...and my stomach has been amply rewarded.  YUM!
0385342039|5.0|The first page was enough to make me buy this book. This is my first book from Sophie Kinsella.<br /><br />Honestly, no other novels made me laugh out loud like this one did! It was hilarious, touchy and most importantly, interesting story! A very funny ghost, to start with, and fashionable too.<br /><br />If you want a good pick-me-up book after what seems like a dull-never-ending day, this is it!<br /><br />Recommended for second reading.
B003ELOQCU|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1MUMJF75JBP2L]]ok, this is my first video review on one of the products that I've bought from amazon.I hope you like it, please rate it and enjoy it as I enjoy making the video!!...don't be so rude on the comments... Thanks!!
B003ELOQCK|4.0|The production on this DVD is top-notch.  Always the camera shot you want to see at every moment, including lots of great aerials to give a sense of the size of \\"the claw\\" staging in the stadium.  And the audio mix (which has been suspect on previous U2 live releases) is outstanding.    The performance is good, not great.  What 'elevates' a U2 show above others is an emotional connection between the band and audience, and I never got a sense of that watching this gig.  If anything, Bono in particular seems to make a greater effort to connect with the onstage cameras than with actual people.  I realize this is intentional, since 90% of the live audience is watching the giant screen anyway, but there's a magic that happens when the band physically interact with their fans - and that didn't happen on this night.    My other minor problem is the setlist.  I'm not a fan of the album being promoted (No Line On The Horizon), so I find myself skipping those songs in the show - except the rave-up remix of \\"I'll Go Crazy...\\", which is a highlight.    Still highly recommended, but not as strongly as the Slane Castle show from [[ASIN:B0000TB05A U2 Go Home - Live from Slane Castle (Jewel Case)]], which is the gold standard of U2 live releases, in my opinion.
B002VWNIEA|5.0|If you're a fan of crime dramas and thrillers and liked movies such as:<br />1)Harsh Times<br />2)Heat<br />3)Collateral<br />4)The Departed<br />5)Scarface<br />6)The Dark Knight<br />7)Miami Vice<br />8)Street Kings<br /><br />...to name a few, then you will like Training Day.  Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawke are terrific in this, and the tension and suspense that unfolds in some scenes where right and right, black and white, good guy / bad guy are up in the air is intense.
1439190275|4.0|Don't get me wrong.  THe book is well-written, insprational, and has some great case studies.  It also eliminates some of the inconsistent advice on veggie portion sizes that Dr. Atkins was guilty of giving.  However, this book completes the diet's metamorphasis from something \\"magic\\" to just another restricted calorie diet.    I am an Atkins follower and have been successful on the diet, but through either: 1.) a desire to get less negative press, or 2.) the disproving of some of the theories, the authors mark a departure from predecessor books.  Gone is the claim of a \\"metabolic advantage\\", i.e., eating the Atkins way allows you to eat more calories than on a traditional diet like Weight Watchers.  In its place are fairly strict \\"protein restrictions.\\"  Now look, I wasn't born yesterday.  There's basically three chemical food groups of significance: Proteins, carbs, and fats.  If you put limits on the carbs I eat AND put limits on the proteins I eat, isn't this just another calorie restricted diet?  Yeah, sure you don't restrict my fat intake, but since no one is going around drinking 8 oz glasses of olive oil or bacon grease, why would you need to?    So yes, if you want to lose wait easily, healthily, and pleasurably, I still believe this diet is the best option for you, but alas, some of the retreats in the claims over the last 20 years makes me feel almost like I felt when I learned there was no santa claus.
B0013FSL3E|4.0|Although the condition of the case was a little worn when it arrived, the disc was in perfect condition. By far, it has become one of my favorite disney pixar films of all time.
0385339585|1.0|The first 50 pages were very entertaining.  The next 400 pages were plain awful.  Do yourself a favor and buy this used, read the beginning of the book and discard the rest.
B000W4D94I|4.0|I have always loved watching Twister ever since it was released. Since I didn't have the dvd version, I just went ahead and bought the blueray version. After viewing, it was quite what I expected, the image quality is really good, a step-up from the dvd version. Almost a good transfer, expected with older movies. Some artifacts here and there. The blueray is more standard high definition. Has awsome 5.1 surround sound.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|Very good movie, and I received very fast shipping. Will do business with these folks again.
B000002KGT|4.0|As a fan of the various versions of the band that existed between 1968 and 1974, all of which struggled unsuccessfully for stateside success, I was thrilled that finally and belatedly Fleetwood Mac received its due with the 1975 release of Fleetwood Mac. The question in my mind during 1976 was whether the band would be able to sustain its momentum. There was always the possibility, even the likelihood, that Mac would pull yet another about face and abandon the California pop-rock formula and head off in another direction. Well, those fears were put to rest as soon as I returned home with Rumours under my arm, placed the vinyl on my turntable and the needle hit the second track (Dreams). Here was another sensational radio friendly Stevie Nicks mega hit just waiting to storm the charts. There was more to come - the terrific Don't Stop, Go Your Own Way, You Make Loving Fun and The Chain. However, all in all I find Rumours less satisfying than Fleetwood Mac. While I can listen to the earlier record straight through without wanting to skip tracks there are several songs on the 1977 LP of which I am not fond - particularly Nick's two songs Songbird and I Don't Want to Know each of which I find to be pretty but inconsequential. Still, Rumours is another great album and a worthy follow up to their break-out record.
B003PWJS9Y|5.0|Utterly incredible, and (I am ashamed to say) rather a great surprise.  The last couple albums, while good in parts, just didn't have the old mojo...  But this one brings Devo fully back online and I am still processing it all.<br /><br />The most satisfying part of this, perhaps, is that although the guys are getting pretty well up in their years now, it's almost impossible to discern.  This album bursts with the pressure of 20 years of devolution pent up in our spudboys ... and we like these explosions.  A lot.<br /><br />The track - No Place Like Home - continues to give me goosebumps and shivers even after countless replays.  Something quite unexpected, and \\"poignant\\" does seem an inadequate description.  It exceeds \\"Beautiful World\\" in its impact, and remains haunting well after.<br /><br />All together, this is like Devo on roids, with 20 additional years of honing their talents added onto standard Devo, like a booster rocket. And I was expecting it to be as unmemorable as smoothnoodlemaps.<br /><br />I am so ashamed.  I should have known better.  This is kind of, thrilling, I think!  When was the last time I felt THAT???<br /><br />If they could only get Alan to sit in for a couple of their concert dates, even just two, life would be complete and the apocalypse could descend without our regrets.  Not to slight Josh;  just some unfinished business.  If Roger Waters and David Gilmour can reunite on stage, tell me this isn't possible, too!!<br /><br />If you ever liked Devo, BUY THIS DISC NOW.  Or better still, get the bonus tracks here or at iTunes.
B00009RAJJ|5.0|So, what do you do after recording the best-selling LP of all time? Do you create a third consecutive record of soft California pop-rock or do you do the traditional Fleetwood Mac thing and venture again into uncharted waters? The former course would have been perilous. The band's \\"new\\" fans, those who discovered the band only in 1975, couldn't possibly have been satisfied with anything less than a replica of Rumours and that would have been, with due respect to the band's talents, a Herculean task. Thus, wisely, Fleetwood Mac moved off in yet another direction and succeeded brilliantly. I actually prefer Tusk and Fleetwood Mac to Rumours. The latter has a couple of weak songs amongst its eleven offerings. Tusk, too, has a few songs that I could do without (mainly a couple of Lindsay Buckingham's songs). However, on the whole I find Tusk stronger in the songs that I particularly enjoy and more consistent overall. For me Rumours is just Fleetwood Mac, part two - a good LP/CD with three world-beating killer songs - we all know which ones.<br /><br />I enjoyed Tusk when I first played the double album in 1979. I enjoy it more now. It is full of excellent songs. This is no mean feat when you are filling four sides spanning 69 minutes. Over the years many artists have tried their hands at double albums and have failed. In like manner those who today attempt to fill a CD to the brim rarely succeed in making a CD that one can listen to all of the way through at one sitting. And here I am on my second run through of Tusk this afternoon. Boy, Stevie Nicks excels on this record - Sara, of course. While one thinks of her as a singer of delicacy (Beautiful Child) she is also capable of letting it out, as on Angel. The title song is a far out experiment that works brilliantly. Honestly now, if I told you that FM would do a song featuring a marching band what would have thought?<br /><br />Fleetwood Mac were the consummate professionals, from the beginning until the new millennium. Some would call their music of the latter 1970's well-produced candy for the ear. For me this is a compliment. After listening to the Pistols and the Ramones thirty minutes of slick west Coast pop went down just fine thank you.call their music of the latter 1970's well-produced candy for the ear. For me this is a compliment. After listening to the Pistols and the Ramones thirty minutes of slick west Coast pop went down just fine thank you.
B0034JKZ3G|4.0|Disney's \\"The Princess and the Frog\\" isn't one of the absolute best films in Disney's 70-plus year legacy of animated movie-making, it does stand up as one of the better ones. I wouldn't put it in the same league as Beauty and the Beast, for example... I would probably put it roughly on par with (or just slightly below) Aladdin. But regardless of how good the movie is (and it is good), it is an important film for both Disney and fans of animation alike.    When it was revealed that Home on the Range would be Disney's last hand-drawn flick due to the increasing popularity of CG movies (and thus, the decreasing popularity of 2D), many fans of the Disney classics, including myself, were more than a little disappointed, to say the least. Disney had built their legacy by making fairy tale masterpieces of traditional hand-drawn animation, and Home on the Range hardly qualified as \\"masterpiece\\" material. It was quite a downer to see that legacy end on such a decidedly average note - it just felt incomplete.    After five long years and three non-Pixar CG films that failed to set the world ablaze (Chicken Little, Meet the Robinsons, and Bolt), Disney has gone back to their roots and realized what made them great in the first place. And right from the get go, there is an air of distinction about the movie: For starters, it's set in New Orleans in the 1920s, hardly the sort of European setting one would expect from a fairy tale. Oh, and Disney finally has their first black princess. Yes, after decades of Caucasian princesses, then dabbling a bit with other cultures (Native Americans with Pocahontas, Asians in Mulan, and even the Hawaiian culture in Lilo & Stitch), Disney has crafted a hard-working all-American woman for their newest princess - and a woman of color at that. Sometimes culture integration like this can feel forced or pandering (the latter comes to mind in the case of Pocahontas), but the story in The Princess and the Frog is written for the characters rather than the other way around.    The previews for the movie set the stage pretty well - everyone knows how the fairy tale story of The Princess and the Frog ends - she kisses the frog and he becomes human. Disney sets up the premise in this movie so that when our heroine kisses the frog, she turns into a frog herself, and the bulk of the movie features the two of them learning to work together to find their way back to being human.    The villain in the film that sets the whole thing in motion is a voodoo doctor named Facilier, often referred to as \\"the shadow man\\" for his association with the dark arts. Of course, the voodoo magic performed in The Princess and the Frog has practically no relation to actual voodoo practices, but it's a novel attempt to try and make a villain with unearthly powers that also fits the New Orleans setting. And when he gets his comeuppance at the end of the film (as pretty much all Disney villains do), it's quite possibly the most satisfying dispatch Disney has come up with to date.    Naturally, there are some elements that have been \\"Disneyed up\\" to make the movie more palatable to the family audience - racism is only touched on ever so lightly and only in the briefest of moments, and it would have been VERY prevalent in the 1920's, particularly in the south. There isn't even the slightest bit of outrage by anyone in the movie at the concept of the rich white daughter of the cotton baron potentially marrying a dark-skinned prince. Of course, the movie is a somewhat modernized re-telling of a fairy tale, and thus is not meant to be a wholly accurate portrayal of America's history, so it really doesn't negatively impact the movie. It just takes a wee bit more suspension of disbelief from those of us who are familiar with America's past (and, unfortunately, the present) than it would for a child. At the other end of the spectrum, however, Disney has no problem making jabs at the stupid, bumbling \\"rednecks\\" in the film.    Really, if there's anything that disappoints about the movie, it's the pacing. It moves a little too quickly from one perilous situation to the next - our heroes get out of the proverbial frying pan and into the fire in such rapid sequence, there's sometimes too little down time between the action scenes.    In the times Disney does break up the action, it often does so by returning to another hallmark of the great Disney classics - high-energy musical numbers. The music this time around is a eclectic mix of Jazz, Gospel, Cajun and other southern styles. The music and lyrics are written by Randy Newman, and they have his trademark style, for better or worse. I'm not a big fan of his music, but I have to admit his style of composition is a perfect fit for the film, and so I was able to enjoy it (also because although he wrote the music, he doesn't sing it). Some of the songs are much weaker than others and seem more like filler (\\"When We're Human\\" comes to mind), but most of them are quite well-written and completely appropriate for the movie.    The Princess and the Frog is a strong addition to the Disney lineup, and whether you're a die-hard Disney collector, a fan of animation in general, or just want to have a good time watching a movie, I would pretty much be able to recommend this movie to just about anybody.    I purchased the Blu-ray + DVD combo pack of the movie. Disney has been releasing it's Blu-ray movies this way for a while now, and I personally think it's a fantastic idea. People with Blu-ray players may wonder why they would need or even want a DVD included, but there are some valid reasons: First and foremost, portable DVD players are fairly inexpensive nowadays, so having a Blu-ray disc for the home theater and a DVD for the kids to watch in the car might be a pretty solid deal for parents. Likewise, if you have a Blu-ray player, but maybe your friends don't, you'd still be able to loan them the DVD copy if they want to watch the movie. Secondly, if you don't yet HAVE aBlu-ray player, but you are considering getting one, you may want to pick up the combo pack because you'll be able to watch the DVD now, and then when you get the Blu-ray player, you'll already have the disc to watch it in high definition - you won't have to \\"re-buy\\" or \\"double-dip\\" or whatever the kids are calling it these days. And of course, it is also available as a single-disc Blu-ray as well, if you don't want to spend the extra few dollars to get the Blu-ray + DVD bundle.
0316113077|4.0|Elisa is a cake decorating Goddess! What an amazing talent... seriously the sushi cake looks just like the real thing. She offers Hot Tips throughout the book, which are very helpful. They are mostly short-cuts and unwritten rules that she has learned over the years. The only reason I did not give this book 5 stars is because the technique descriptions in the beginning of the book are fairly sparse and not very clear. If you are a beginner, you may want to find another book to supplement this one, or take a class in order to really learn these skills.
1401307450|5.0|I've read several autobiographies of famous people, especially rock musicians.  Anthony's autobiography has proven to be the most surprising, heartbreaking, and inspiring I have ever read.  From his typical childhood with his mom and sisters to his move to live with his father in a world of drugs at a very young age to his life in RHCP and his recent road to recovery, this book never stops.  I loved Anthony from the get-go when I first started listening to RHCP 20 years ago in elementary school.  But, it was mainly for his looks, performances, singing, and music.  Now, my heart cares for him after reading his own story.      It's incredibly eye-opening to learn of the world of addiction through a first-hand account like Anthony's.  We \\"regular\\" people think those with tons of money can't possibly really blow through it all with drugs, but it's actually possible.  And it's not only possible, it's easy.  This book made me realize that there really are people out there that are addicts who never really had a chance to avoid it and it also makes me appreciate the struggles of drug addicts so much more than before.      Reading of Anthony's recovery and his current status as a \\"recovering addict\\" is inspiring beyond belief.  I'm so genuinely happy for him and happy for anyone I meet who is also a \\"recovering addict\\".      I also always find it entertaining to find out which band members of the world's most infamous bands are the most professional and level-headed.      I believe that everyone should read this book.  Especially party/friend parents - it's a great wake-up call about how trying to be the cool parent can ruin your child and cause them a lifetime of pain and struggles.
B0036EH3X4|5.0|I know a lot of people are saying that we didn't get answers in the final season...WHAT SHOW WERE THEY WATCHING? Watch the season again the only things they didn't answer were a couple of little things. I also know that a lot of people said they never explained what the island was...THEY DID..watch Ab Aeterno and Beyond the Sea,they give you two explanations a complex one and a simplistic one. Now that you've read this search Amazon.com for Lost you'll find the lost encyclopedia which will have your definant answers...Now that you've read this aren't you happy they went with a closure to all of the characters instead of answering all the little questions?
B001R4CKGU|1.0|Lots of words that said nothing. I was just glad it was so short - like this review.
B000A2IPP0|5.0|Came on time and in mint condition. I am a big 80`s movie buff and love to find great classics. THANKS!!
0553293397|4.0|The Naked Sun is a sequel to The Caves of Steel featuring Elijah Bailey and his robot partner R. Daneel Olivaw.     A murder has taken place on the planet Solaria and it's up to Elijah and Daneel to solve it. However, Solaria is not like Earth. In the future the major cities on Earth are covered by huge metal domes and Earth is greatly over-populated. Humans don't look too kindly at robots. Most humans, including Elijah, are agoraphobic (fear open spaces). On Solaria the human population is very small, everyone lives on massive estates and there are thousands of robots for each human. Humans are bred to fear direct human contact so in order to 'view' each other they use complex holographic technology. Robots cater to every human need. This is pretty much Hell for somebody like Elijah but alas he is called into action.    I actually liked the plotting in The Naked Sun a bit more than The Caves of Steel. Because the people on Soliaria are the polar opposite of the people on Earth some interesting situations arise. For example, Earth humans are looked at as dirty animals and the thought of even being in the same room as an Earthman is sickening to a Solarian. Elijah, who craves direct human interaction, is forced to live by himself in a massive estate and he quickly becomes fed up with all of the robots trying to cater to every need of his. Elijah also does some 'growing up' in this novel.    One of my minor complaints with Caves of Steel is that some plot elements are a bit too convenient, only to keep the mystery alive. There is still a little bit of that in the Naked Sun, but to a lesser degree.    I strongly recommend this book, but read Caves of Steel first if you haven't already.
B0000UJDLM|5.0|Came on time and in mint condition. I am a big 80`s movie buff and love to find great classics. THANKS!!
B000PKX2KA|5.0|This works better than any other GPS receiver I have. Inside, at my offices in 2 different cities, takes no time at all to find itself. Light, portable, simple. GREAT PRODUCT!
B0001I562I|5.0|Came on time and in mint condition. I am a big 80`s movie buff and love to find great classics. THANKS!!
B002BU0DPE|1.0|I bought a set of these for my son for his birthday, a week later one side quit working, so I returned them and the new ones sent in place the the first pair quit working after 2 weeks, I am getting a refund.....
B0000DZTIL|5.0|Came on time and in mint condition. I am a big 80`s movie buff and love to find great classics. THANKS!!
B000ZI8E5K|5.0|Great Company Fast shipping.  I recommend this book for anyone is looking to understand and improve your thinking rapidly.
0316044695|5.0|I have nothing but awe and respect for the character, training and skill of those soldiers.  Their ordeal is indeed incredible.  Too bad their commanders were totally incompetent, completely mismatching their skills with the mission at hand, dumping them into unknown territory and subjecting them to idiotically unnecessary hazards.  What a waste.  Perfect illustration that not all combat is glorious.  For an idea of what works, and is working, in the region, read something by Greg Mortensen.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|This CD is a must for all Leonard Cohen fans.  All his best songs, with a mature, still-impassioned Leonard, polished arrangements and an awesome band and backup singers.
0425200450|5.0|This is a classic murder mystery, and the details are well known to readers, i.e., a man murdered on a train trapped by a snowstorm.  I watched a film adaptation on PBS.  It is an excellent story that keeps you guessing to the end about people's identities and motives.  The film ended with Poirot facing a moral dilemma, and as he walks off you are not entirely sure what he has done.  Well written and well acted.
B001QGRIO8|5.0|Great transaction!  The book came quickly and looked brand new.  I was very pleased.
B000H30B2C|5.0|KING KONG    I remember watching the original Kong film back in the day and every one that followed and could not help but be entertained by every one although the first was the best. I have always enjoyed Kong films and have only rooted against him when he took on the greatest of all time in Godzilla. So after years of nothing new when this film was announced I was actually excited about it when normally I would be like \\"oh man they are going to ruin it\\". But I had a feeling I was going to like it plus it would introduce Kong to a new audience who may have never watched him before [I will forgive newborns this once but even they should know who Godzilla is, just being born is no excuse for not seeing a Godzilla film]. Of course once I heard Peter Jackson was directing I knew it was in good hands, he was always one of my favorite filmmakers.    Of course we all know the story behind Kong and there have been various Kong movies made but  it remains the same. A boat ride to an island while a movie is being made and they happen upon some natives that worship a very large gorilla. Of course that  is the story in the simplest terms because there is much more depth than that. There are love stories going on, an adventure tale and so much more. I think it is that well balanced mix that has made not only the original a classic but this remake as well. I will say from the beginning that I truly believe that this film is indeed a classic remake or not, Peter Jackson did a remarkable job with this film.    Failing filmmaker Carl Denham [Jack Black] is looking for something big that will send him into superstardom, he may just have heard of the place to do that but first he must convince some investors to back him. Unfortunately they decline so Carl does what any ambitious person would do, steal everything and go on the run hoping to leave before they can catch him. In doing so he meets a young actress named Ann Darrow [Naomi Watts] and convinces her that she is perfect for thepart of his female lead. He also tricks his writer Jack Driscoll [Adrien Brody] into getting stuck on the boat therefore having to go along as well. When they make it to the island [only a few even knew about it] they are surprised by a vicious tribe of natives that want a sacrifice for something very big that lives in the jungle.    When Ann is taken by this unseen creature the crew and such go after her going on the adventure of a lifetime. It is during this time that the film switches from a drama into an adventure flick and all kinds of crazy things happen. From giants to creatures to vicious terrain these people must make their way through it to find the girl. Now I am sure that you all know at least that the girl is found and brought back to New York. But there is something else that is brought back with her, and that is the mighty Kong. Kong is brought back to be a tourist attraction and labeled as one of the marvels of the world. But it is here that everything goes sour for everyone in NY and leads to the infamous final scenes of the Kong films involving Kong, a girl, a building, and some planes.    I have to say that remake or not this could easily be in the best films of all time and to be honest it could have swept the Oscars and rightfully have done so. But it was not nominated enough in my opinion, it did when 3 for what it was nominated for. The thing I was most surprised at was that Jack Black was not even nominated for best supporting actor, I still think he could have easily won it. Speaking of that the acting in this film is wonderful and fits the time period it is told in. the film has that old school classic Hollywood style and the acting matches it. Like I said Jack Black surprised a lot of people with this film, he did a great job taking his comedic style out and adapting the high energy he gives off in those performances into the maniac he plays in this. Also Adrien Brody does a marvelous job here and gives another career performance here, hewas perfectly cast much like Black. Naomi Watts brings that classic Hollywood style to this film and likewise does an excellent job here, she comes off as the classic beauty. Thomas Kretschmann, Colin Hanks, Andy Serkis, Evan Parke and well everyone in this film give excellent performances.    Peter Jackson and his fellow writers did an excellent job with this film making it more that just a new age remake that is full of nothing but action. The film is full of multi dimensional characters, action, drama, romance, adventure, and well everything you can think of. The film transitions from comedy to drama during the first part of the film into a voyage film out on the sea into a horror/adventure film on the island, all the way back into a drama and romance flawlessly. It truly is amazing how Jackson and company were able to so with this film and this extended edition only adds to the magical film that is \\"King Kong\\".    This three disc extended addition not only adds to the scenes in the film it also adds to the extras as well. Over three discs we are treated to some of the best special features I have ever seen on any release. There are some of the best behind the scenes and making of features that have ever been released as well as some great additional extras like a short film that the cast made for Jackson for his birthday. That film is also very well done and very funny. Of course there is an excellent commentary by Peter Jackson as well as so much more that only add to the replay value of this release.    I highly recommend owning this 3-disc extended edition because not only is the film great but the extras alone make this worth owning. I paid top dollar but now you could find it cheap used or something but I wouldn't let it go. My brother and I watched this again not to long ago and had a great time doing so. KIA thanks for bringing this back to my attention.
B002QE3CTY|5.0|I got this book becaue it was on my summer reading list. It looked O.K. I was wrong. It was FABULOUS! Anyone 12 and up would love it. Happy reading!
B003HARV3Y|4.0|The books are always better than the movies...but i never read the book so the<br />movie came out as a good little adventure with good effects, descent acting<br />and never really gets boring.  But the movie is geared toward the younger audience..<br />even with that i found it entertaining...and not too many stupid situations.
B0000025DI|5.0|DO NOT LISTEN TO CRITICS....  No Dylan albums sound the same which is one of the extraordinary things about this man.  Street Legal takes Dylan to a soul fueled,  big band with back up singers.  Its remarkable what Dylan can write when his own life was is disarray with his wife, the passing of Elvis in which Dylan thought about his own life, and just transition in life, as we know the next phase was his \\"Born Again.\\" DO NOT LISTEN TO CRITICS.... Its not Dylan' best , but this is an extremely special album....
B002JH3TW8|5.0|This adapter does exactly what it says it does.  I did not have a firewire 400 port on my new Mac computer and chose this adapter to connect to my 800 port.  I took this product out of the packaging and it works flawlessly!!  Great product at a decent price and when you add in free shipping = great deal.    Thanks!!
0767802470|5.0|Probably the best war film/mini series/TV programme I have ever seen. It makes feel like your really there and you feel the ups and downs of the crew with them. By the end I was on the side of the U boat and felt bad when anything happened to the U Boat.<br />Anyway the story line is brilliant and gets you in to it and it is well acted. Its a must have
030726999X|4.0|I received book in a timely manner. The price was very good. The hardback cover was mildly damaged. Most likely in the mail. All in all I am pleased with amazon.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Brilliant film. Well written (apart from some of the historical error's, but it is hollywood), well acted and brilliant effects. The story really gets you involved and makes you associate with the characters. Dispite a few minor error's in the history the rest is very accute (eg the brutalness and the slave trade) and makes you want to know more about Roman History and makes history enjoyable. You will enjoy every moment of this and go through every emotion.<br />It is an amazing film a must buy.
B000002G8H|5.0|I was looking for this album for a long time on CD now I got it thanks
6305127638|5.0|A brilliant film and probably the best one involving the Next Generation crew. The effects are very good and it has all the thing's a Star Trek film needs. A brilliant enemy, a brilliant crew and a brilliant story line. It get's a lot more darker than the TV series, which add's a nice twist. Also the acting of the borg Queen and Data is fantastic.<br />It follow's on nicely from the TV series. It's a wounderful Sci-Fi film in it's self and you should be able to get into it even if your not a trekkie fan. Very enjoyable
1416955070|4.0|So, first the book: I did enjoy it. A work-friend of mine gave me the series after she read it. She didn't love it, and knew she would never reread it. I really did enjoy it when I first read the series..but then..it was ruined.<br /><br />After I read a book that I totally love I usually will look up the author and see what else they wrote, read their bio, check out their website, etc. Most of the authors who's books I love seem pretty cool. Clare seems like a witch with a b.<br />Sorry, but reading her website and other bits of her history (or the fake history she plasters everywhere. What's up with that?!) turned me off. If I had read it before the books I wouldn't have ever opened a page.<br />How can you be so disconnected from your readers? She's like \\"yup, I'm a good writer. Here, read my awesomeness. But don't ask any questions. just be glad I'm sharing my gifted wonder with you.\\"<br />Blah. Get over yourself.<br />Her personality (or lack of) would have turned me off, but her history as a plagiarist would have totally turned me away. Like other readers, I felt like I was duped into supporting a thief. People can change, but something tells me she hasn't.
B00005ASGG|5.0|Great, great performance! John Wayne + James Stewart + John Ford, result: one of the greatest westerns of the all time...
B000UZ4G8M|5.0|Love this show and the music is great also - I already had the soundtrack from season 1, but someone \\"borrowed\\" it, so I ordered this set!!<br />Great music!  Love it!
9889979942|5.0|I am a Mainland Chinese who grew up during the 10 years of Cultural Revolution. At the end of my graduate study in 1986, I went on a hitch-hiking trip to Tibet with a friend of mine. We had 45 RMB Yuan, a camera, and 4 rolls of films with us. We spent a month on the road, riding in the back of coal-hauling trucks, on the make-shift engine cover in the front of old buses, in the back of tractors, climbing over hills, and riding on the back of horses. We slept in horse stables, tents, and sometimes, for 1.5 yuan a night, we got to sleep in a bed...    That was the highlight of my travel experience: 1 month, 4 provinces, and 100 photos.    Tom Carter has done this for 2 years across 33 provinces in China. When I looked at the photos in his book, my eyes were swelled with tears the whole time: His photos have so accurately and vividly captured the features and the characteristics of the people from this most diversed country in the world that I call my motherland! Without reading the captions, I can tell that that young man is from Guangxi, that girl is from Sichuan, and those folks are from Heilongjiang. I can hear them talk in their dialects. I can feel their hopes. I can touch their spirits... They have aroused my desire to talk with them and laugh with them again. They reminded me so much of everything I saw in my little excursion over twenty years ago. It was a journey down the memory lane but it is more. It tells me things that I have no experience of since I have been gone away for almost 20 years...    I have lived in the United states for many years. When I go to bookstores, I am naturally attracted to the sections where I can find books about China. I have not seen another book like this - so real and so recent, capturing all the changes that have happened in China in the last 20-30 years while at the same time showing the essence and heritage of the culture.     I hope more people will read this book.
B001LNLKOU|3.0|The book was not in the greatest shape.  A better description of the condition would have been helpful
1597801585|5.0|The rest of the science fiction community will be scrambling to follow Bacigalupi's lead in the years to come.  I can't recommend this book enough.
B001RTSPVY|5.0|Season 2 picks up right where Season 1 left off, with Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) cranking out meth for Tuco, the local drug dealer who uses his product all too frequently and acts unpredictably and irrationally as a result.  Meanwhile, Walter's DEA brother-in-law Hank (Dean Norris) continues his hunt for the supplier of blue meth, a man later revealed to go by the name of Heisenberg which, of course, is Walter White's name for his alter ego.<br /><br />In this season, the relationship between Walt and his immediate family degrades while that with Jesse oscillates all over the place, primarily due to Jesse's spiral into increased drug use.  Walt and Jesse's problems only magnify, however, when they are forced to bring in outside parties to help them with their business.<br /><br />Danny Trejo guest stars in a disturbing episode where Hank heads down to Juarez to assist a nearby DEA branch.  In addition, Bob Odenkirk (of \\"The Ben Stiller Show\\" fame) comes on as a new character, a \\"criminal\\" lawyer who helps Walt and Jesse with various problems.  A bearded John de Lancie (Q from \\"Star Trek: The Next Generation\\") appears in several episodes as the father of Jesse's new girlfriend.  He does a fabulous job of playing the girl's tortured, loving father.<br /><br />This is one of the best shows ever made for TV (and trust me, I've seen my fair share).  Better than \\"The Shield,\\" \\"Mad Men,\\" \\"Rome,\\" \\"Battlestar Galactica\\" (the new one), \\"Burn Notice,\\" \\"Dexter\\" (which is PDG, too), \\"Damages,\\" \\"True Blood,\\" \\"Deadwood,\\" \\"Life,\\" \\"24,\\" \\"Lost,\\" \\"The Unit,\\" \\"Sons of Anarachy\\" and \\"It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.\\"  I'd recommend all of those shows, but I'd recommend \\"Breaking Bad\\" first.  Hands down.<br /><br />Enjoy.
B002UXRGLG|5.0|Amazing photography. Best ever natural history series, along with Planet Earth. A must see for every inhabitant of the planet we all share. This is the BBC version of the same series we saw in the states, except narrated by David Attenborough instead of Oprah Winfrey.
B001EN71CW|5.0|Whoever cancelled this series is (a) a fool and (b) never watched a single episode.     This series is pure gold. Nine mismatched characters thrown together on a cargo ship, scraping a living on the fringe of \\"civilised\\" or more accurately \\"sanitised\\" society.   Smuggling, stealing and running around the outer planets, the crew of Serenity live a future where Earth has been left behind by a human race that expanded beyond the solar system and is a curious mixture of past and present.  The Captain Malcolm \\"Mal\\" Reynolds, on the losing side in the civil war, seeks to live out his life in the relative freedom of the outer rim, avoiding federal entanglements. A task made harder by the addition of Doctor Simon Tam and his young sister, fugitives from the government who had been performing medical experiments on River Tam. Torn between his desire to thwart the government and his aversion for complications in his life, the captain opts to do the right thing and take Simon and River on his crew.    I would urge anyone who hasn't seen this series to rent it, sit down and enjoy some of the best sci-fi ever made for television.
0399156577|5.0|Years ago while jogging one morning, Fiona Bristow was abducted by the Red Scarf Killer, famed for strangling young women and burying them with a red scarf around their necks. While Fiona was the one who got away, the only one actually, the incident still haunts her to this day. The serial killer murdered her fiancé, Greg, who was a cop, and his K-9 dog, Kong, shattering her dreams of marriage and a family. While the culprit is behind bars, the imprint he left on Fiona's life will never fully fade.    Still, as so many do, Fiona triumphed amidst tragedy. She now lives on beautiful Orcas Island, part of the San Juan islands off the coast of Washington State, where she has a cozy home, close friends, a good life and a booming business as a dog trainer. She also has three canine companions --- Peck, Bogard and Newman --- who are all trained to perform search-and-rescue missions, something to which she devotes herself with great success.    When Orcas Island newcomer Simon Doyle enters Fiona's orbit, life is ripe with possibilities. Brought together by Simon's out-of-control puppy, Jaws, Fiona and Simon experience an instant, vibrant attraction to each other. The sexy craftsman who creates beautiful furniture and accessories out of wood is the strong, silent type with a gooey marshmallow center when it comes to Fiona. Just as things are heating up between the pair, though, the past comes crashing back to disturb Fiona's newfound peace.    While the Red Scarf Killer is locked away safely, a copycat killer has emerged and girls are disappearing once again, only to be found strangled with the trademark red scarf around their necks. Fiona's steady world is rocked to the core, and the past is brought back with disturbing reality when the murderer sets his sights on her, the only surviving victim.    Now it's up to Fiona and Simon to get the killer before he gets her. The good thing is that they have found something worth fighting for --- and fight they do. Fiona may have amurderer on her trail, but this dynamic duo is not going to take it laying down. Just as she escaped with wit, cunning and determination the first time, Fiona will fight for her life again --- but this time with Simon by her side. Can the two of them match wits with a madman and win again?    THE SEARCH is one amazing book. Of course, everyone has high hopes for a new Nora Roberts title. It's a given. She hasn't written over 190 books with 400 million copies in print for nothing. We understand that. But this latest entry blows straight past the level of expectation I experience when I reach for her novels.    Fiona Bristow is a character like no other. First off, she is no damsel in distress. She's strong, smart and determined, and made of sterner stuff than most heroines. But she's also warm, lovable, likeable and just good fun. She springs to life on the pages and leaves readers wishing they could find a friend like Fiona. The same is true with Simon. Women the world over are sighing and wishing they knew a man like him. Together, the two characters combine to create a chemical reaction that is nothing less than combustible.    THE SEARCH is not just about love, though. It's also about fear and murder, and a deeply disturbed individual who will stop at nothing to achieve his goal. It will cause goosebumps to rise on your arms and make a chill ripple down your spine. We can be reasonably sure that good will triumph over evil, but getting from Point A to Point B is one bumpy and thrilling ride.        --- Reviewed by Amie Taylor
B003IPC5UC|5.0|You really can't beat the feeling of joy and rapture that is experienced when listening to new music that totally hits the spot. That is precisely how I have been feeling - multiple times over - since buying Kylie's new album \\"Aphrodite\\". I have long been a Kylie fan - since the very early days (S.A.W) - but really wasn't up with the preparations and plans for the new album. The first single, \\"All the Lovers\\", is a smooth track but it doesn't given any indication of the absolute greatness that is to be found on the rest of this album. It's been a long while since I have been truly besotted by a new album of any artist, but I am definitely in love with \\"Aphrodite\\" and it feels so good!    There are multiple highlights on this album, too many to list in total, but some obvious highs come to mind:    - \\"Put Your Hands Up\\": Talk about the soundtrack of the summer! This song is so gloriously uplifting I have literally had to stop myself from throwing my hands up while listening to this track (over & over again) at the gym. I really do hope this becomes a single.    - \\"Cupid Boy\\": This has emerged as my favorite track. It's an absolute pop/dance masterpiece. That background riff in the chorus is amazingly captivating and the lyrics are extremely catchy. There's an itensity in this track that is really HOT!    - \\"Too Much\\": Wow, can't get enough of this one. The club remixes are going to be unbelievable!    - \\"Can't Beat the Feeling\\": A beautiful feel-good track that represents a perfect ending to a wonderful collection of pop tracks.    - \\"Mighty Rivers\\": This bonus track on the deluxe edition is so good that it really should have been included in the general track listing.     The production across the entire album is 10/10. Stuart Price's input has really highlighted how outstanding an artist Kylie Minogue truly is, and can be, when placed together with the right team. The only two tracks I really don't care for are \\"Closer\\" and \\"Looking for An Angel\\" which I would havediscarded and replaced had I been in charge of the track selection. But all things considered 10/12 great tracks is a remarkably impressive effort. From what I have seen online in the past week, it does appear that Kylie's US label is making a serious attempt to market \\"Aphrodite\\" in the way it deserves to be. This album really does have the right mix of tracks and potential hits to FINALLY see Kylie go mainstream in the US - I hope it happens.
B002T44ZYW|4.0|L. A. Candy is a delicious novel by reality starlet Lauren Conrad. As a fan of Laguna Beach and The Hills I was drawn to this book. Lauren gives a lot of behind the scenes details of how the show affects Jane, the main character's life and those who surround her. Before my obsession with YA vampires I loved Chick-Lit and this is a nice blend of YA meets Chick-lit. Jane moves to Los Angeles with her best friend Scarlett where she hopes to become an event planner while Scar goes to college. While out clubbing they meets mega producer Trevor Lord who wants both girls for a reality show. L. A. Candy will be the reality version of Sex and the City. Jane along with Scarlett and two other girls will be followed in their day to day life. Jane is the girl next door who has terrible taste in men. While filming she goes out with a guy who can't shut up about food, a Hollywood bad boy, and fall for a guy who has a messy relationship with someone. Jane spends her days trying to survive her boss, find a good guy, and get Scar on board with the show. All while one of her cast mates is jealous that Jane is the breakout star of L. A. Candy.    L. A. Candy is a fun read and I was hooked from the start! L. A. Candy is book one in a three book series and the second book Sweet Little Lies is out now. The film rights for L. A. Candy have been sold and Lauren is in the early process of developing the movie. I recommend this as a fun summer read!
0894803123|5.0|Reasonably priced and filled with lots of tips and recipes.  A 'must have' if you're new to ice cream making.  The dreamsicle recipe is excellent!
0307454541|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.  This is the first in a trilogy involving genius computer-hacker and outcast, Lisbeth Salander and journalist-publisher, Mikael Blomkvist.  It's an unusual, but very well-written, crime mystery.  Except for an occasional break, I read the book cover to cover in one sitting, because I could not put it down.  Lisbeth was quirky but I loved her and Mikael and the interaction between them.
B0002TJGQS|5.0|Great price for quality name brand. usually you see this price for the low quality off brand that is at the bath shop where I got the candles that us these batteries
0307269981|5.0|I loved the first book in this trilogy, The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo, and couldn't wait to read The Girl Who Played With Fire.  This story delivered and then some.  I won't go into the plot which has been outlined very thoroughly by others, but I will say that I'm not easily impressed and this novel rocked.  Stieg Larsson was a very talented writer and gone much too soon.
B001IAP9MU|5.0|This whole Outlander series is EXCELLENT!  You've got to get these books.  They're supposed to be making a movie out of them, but I would read them first.  You always lose so much when you see the movie. You're riveted from the get go.
B002ZFQD0E|1.0|Okay, you cant send this cd back. I was told that if I liked Lauryn Hill, Jill Scott and Eryckah Badu that I had to have Janelle Monae. AND WHY? There is nothing neo soul about this artist. This sounds like a bunch of weird sounds and bs. I am not feeling it. I am really disappointed. I bought the cd and have not listened to it since the painful first 2 times trying to feel it. I wanted so bad to hear what all the 5 star people heard but I felt like I was listening to something out of back to the future. The most interesting part of the cd was the jacket that tells the story of her being from another time. I do not know if it is great marketing or a ploy or the truth or a attempt to be but real talk,  NO SONG IS GOOD. This cd made me start previewing music before I buy it. Don't get tricked.
B000MRA6AK|5.0|Ahmad classic early CD with his best originals.  A must for cool piano jazz collectors.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|If you saw a glimpse of your future how would it change the way you lived your life today?  Fascinating series with one of the best season finales I have ever seen!
0307454541|5.0|This book is a true page turner, once you get past the first 100 pages. It starts slow but once it picks up it is impossible to put down. This is a wonderful thriller with enough twists and turns to give you whiplash!
B000R7HY0K|2.0|Although I think Quentin Tarantino is an overrated filmmaker, most of his films, even some of his weaker efforts, have some interesting things in and going for them. I'd say the \\"first half\\" of his career is way superior to the \\"second half\\". The first half starts with RESERVOIR DOGS, a very unique and groundbreaking film, immediately followed by and improved upon in the stellar and engrossing PULP FICTION, and then culminating with KILL BILL VOLUME ONE, which I think is Tarantino's best film. I think VOLUME TWO is where he began to show signs of decline, but this film, DEATH PROOF, is really the \\"proof\\" (pun intended!) that he was spiraling downward as a good filmmaker!     The thing is, though, as bad as I think DEATH PROOF is, I think his most recent INGLOURIOUS BASTERDS is just as bad and perhaps even worse! And I know there are a LOT of people that do not think this. But here's part of my reasoning...DEATH PROOF at the very least has what I think can be called an actual \\"plot\\" and additionally, unlike INGLOURIOUS BASTERDS, DEATH PROOF actually has a true central character that the viewer can latch onto, aka, Stuntman Mike (played wonderfully by Kurt Russell, who is woefully trapped in this weak film). The ONLY reason that DEATH PROOF gets the extra star is because of Stuntman Mike! HE is an interesting character. Russell conveys his creepiness effectively and gives one of the very few REAL performances in the film. I think Russell is just as good in DP as Christoph Waltz was in IB, but Waltz was considered to be in the better film, so his performance got more praise and accolades, while Russell was stuck in a film that was both critically and financially unsuccessful. Waltz's character Landa in IB, although a standout, was not really the central character that drove the story; Tarantino didn't have one! So one common thread of DP and IB is that both films have a single great character in the midst of a sea of lesser characters; the other common thread is that both films have endless, go-nowhere, empty dialogue being quoted mostly by Tarantino pupils.    In addition to Russell, honorable mention should also go to Vanessa Ferlito, who authentically plays Butterfly, and Rose McGowan, who, aside from being stuck in a terrible blond wig, gives a good performance. But the rest of the female characters in DEATH PROOF range from being annoyingly nonessential (Jordan Ladd, Mary Elizabeth Winstead) to just plain ANNOYING (Rosario Dawson, Zoe Bell, Sydney Tamii Poitier, Tracie Thoms)! They are cardboard cutout characters that are simply there to quote Tarantino-esque dialogue. The first set of girls (Ferlito, Poitier, Ladd) are definitely more interesting than the second set (Dawson, Bell, Thoms, Winstead) simply because we can latch onto Ferlito's Butterfly through the first hour to keep us intrigued by what's to happen when Stuntman Mike arrives, when things actually get interesting. Sadly, Ferlito's character gets diluted somewhat by the very weak characters played by Poitier and Ladd, neither of whom are interesting in the least! Poitier's character talks too much and Ladd's character is just there.    But then here is where I think Tarantino really screws up b/c instead of going the direction of delving deeper into Stuntman Mike's story and connection to the first set of girls, he shifts the focus to the second group, NONE of whom have any interesting traits or qualities. All they do is just ramble on about nonsense (difference between Aussies and New Zealanders) and do nonsensical things, like randomly drive through the backwoods of Tennessee and just HAPPEN to run across a guy with a Dodge Challenger in pristine condition just to set up the climax! The second hour is a total, unwatchable snoozefest that drowns DEATH PROOF! I know I said that DP has a plot and it does and it is simple...Stuntman Mike! He's the driving force of the story and Tarantino SHOULD have kept the focus on him and the somewhat interesting first story. Istill think DP would have suffered from some of the amateurish acting by a couple of the first set of principal characters, but at least the movie as a whole would have been a lot better!    DEATH PROOF is the beginning of Tarantino showing signs of being nothing but a gimmick filmmaker who over-borrows from older movies and genres, including his own!
B00000JPH6|5.0|I had mixed feelings about [[ASIN:B00000JPH6 The Dark Crystal]]. The puppet animation holds up surprisingly well even in the age of digital animation. Some of the scenes are beautiful, such as the heroes rowing on the lake with papyrus. The movements are generally smooth and not jerky. It shows Jim Henson's genius with puppets. My problem with the movie is with the human side - the script and voice acting. Sometimes, it seems the scriptwriters got lazy and just copied scenes from Star Wars, including characters suspiciously similar to the Ewoks and Yoda. Some of the voices also seem a bit weak and lighty for their characters. Finally, the movie seems to want to be an epic, and has the makings of it, but is just too short at 1.5 hours to really be of epic proportions. I'd recommend [[ASIN:B00000JPH6 The Dark Crystal]]for kids who like fantasy/epics like Star Wars, but I don't know if it will appeal much beyond that audience.<br /><br />UPDATE: I rewatched this movie again - and again, and again. It grows on you. I take back a lot of my previous negative comments. One of the things is that the film is so different that it actually takes a while to get absorbed into it. I'm still not crazy about Jen's voice acting or dialogue, but the rest of the characters really do grow on you. Also, I love how the plot goes into dark places and avoids a typical Hollywood ending. My guess is that this is still - and will remain - the only live-action movie shot without people on screen and for that alone it's worth preserving for posterity.
B000ASATWQ|5.0|I am a new Damien Marley fan, but he's got love for life!!!    Must be in the genes!!! All of the tracks a good. It's my first continous play CD in a long time. You dont have to skip around at all, just let it roll!
B0021L8V1G|4.0|Although Iron Man 2 didn't quite get up to the bar set by Iron Man I, I feel it was worth the price of theater tickets to see on the big screen and well worth investing in the DVD when it's finally released (this from somebody way too cheap to pay for theater tickets or cough up for most DVD's when we can borrow them free from our library).    The chemistry between Stark and Potts was as good if not better than before.  Potts character as an extremely classy, competent and pragmatic woman is built upon nicely and a positive role model for our daughters without needing to transform into a superhero herself.  Her grace and the chemistry between her and Stark (including his clumsy attempts to woo her) is the surprising reason so many -women- have been attracted to this movie.  No spoilers here, but towards the end you'll be like \\"it's about time!!!\\"    Ivan Vanko was credible as the villian ... he's evil and you're glad to see him defeated, but you understand where he is coming from.  You'll feel sad at the end as though a beautiful but viscous dog is put down because he can't be rehabilitated.  I wish they'd emphasized a tiny bit more the process by which Vanko builds his competing \\"suit\\" and his relationship with his pet bird as sci-fi fans like the technical stuff while women enjoy relationships that help them understand people.  It helps if you understand Russian when Vanko speaks (though Rourkes' Russian isn't that good) because some of the comments Vanko mutters under his breath in Russian that the movie never bothers to translate are actually quite funny (such as when he mutters \\"sleeshcum mnoga gavariche\\" to Hammer which loosely translates into \\"you talk too much.\\")    Some people have complained about the director writing himself into the script.  I didn't mind and loved when Black Widow slammed him to the floor in the boxer ring scene and also towards the end when Hogan's so pleased with himself for having defeated one security guard and then he looks aroundto see Black Widow has defeated a dozen more.      Black Widow was great ... another strong and classy woman to inspire my daughters.  Her exposure was just about right in this movie, but I hope they highlight her character (and her kick-butt martial arts skills) quite a bit more in the upcoming Avengers.    Don Cheadle was okay as Warmonger.  I liked Terrence Howard in IM1 and felt they wrote him out of the script too much when viewing the deleted scenes (to the point many things didn't make sense until viewing the deletions), so I was glad to see Cheadle fill in the details of the relationship between Stark and Rhodey in IM2.  However, since Cheadle is such a great actor, I was disappointed to see him take such a pronounced \\"best buddy sidekick\\" role.  Cheadle needs to be stronger as a superhero in his own right in Avengers and IM3.    The Hammer character just didn't work for me ... at all.  I like him as a stand-up comic, but one or two comic interjections into the characters weaseliness would have been plenty.  One slightly-warped-has-a-sense-of-humour weapons manufacturing billionaire industrialist is plenty ... two is one too many.  The wasted time spent injecting humour into his character would have been much better spent on Stark spending time improving the suit or solving his power problem.     As for Iron Man himself, he was great, but the producers focused too much on drunken incidents of Starks self-destructive behavior when he thinks he's dying and not enough on the tech-building aspect of Stark trying to solve his own problem.  Watching Robert Downey Jr. go through this same self-destructive process in real life was quite enough, thank you very much, and a good 20 minutes of IM2's drunken antics would have been better spent on other issues.  Like Downey in real life, the viewers want to see Stark move beyond his problems and become emotionally strong and self-disciplined like the actor who portrays him.  Watching Stark build and test the suit in IM1 (both gorgeous -and- brilliant) is what attracted many viewers to the first movie ... I feel they downplayed the tech too much (like where did the suitcase suit come from?) in IM2.  Stark in IM1 is \\"everyman,\\" the inspiration for intelligent people everywhere to simply -choose- to use your intellect to create a solution for unsolveable problems and, in the process, make yourself a better person.  Stark is a man who, quite literally, is dying from a broken heart but still has enough heart left to choose to make the world a better place.  The Marvel Iron Man/Stark character has always been about the humanity of the man inside the suit, not just the suit itself, some of which was lost in IM2 in their attempt to throw too many characters and sub-plots into the mix.     The whole get-drunk-at-the-party-destroy-the-house-fight-with-Rhody scene should have been completely deleted and that time devoted to more comic build-it-test-it-have-a-mishap-then-solve-it scenes like was done in the first movie.  Stark also had more \\"emotional\\" moments in IM1 (such as fear when he first sees the electromagnet in his chest or getting choked up when he tells Pepper he knows what he's doing is the right thing to do) which were totally missing in IM2 (like ... the dude is dying ... where's the emotion!!!)  One or two of the \\"drunk\\" scenes would have been better spent having Stark come to grips with his relationship with his genius dead father.    Another distasteful element ... the directors attempts to tie Stark to Howard Hughs by adopting his dislike of germs or people touching him is barking up the wrong tree.  We want a strong Iron Man, not a neurotic one.  Ditch the Hughs defect analogies and play up the similarities to of Howard Hughs strengths instead!!!  Nobody wants to think of Iron Man/Stark ending up in a Vegas hotel room surrounded by cups of his own urine like Hughs!!!    I sure hope Downey does a Russell Crowe and decides to \\"keep the body\\" when he does Sherlock Holmes 2 thistime around!!!  It's none-too-hard on the female eyes watching Downey flex those gorgeous iron-hammering arms, six-pack abs and chest muscles (okay ... female leering here ... probably not relevant to a movie review).    Some action-hero buffs have complained about too much underlying \\"talk\\" and not enough action.  I don't think it was simply lack of action that lost this movie it's 5th star, but rather the fact it dragged too long between the first few action scenes than we had to wait to have them all lumped up at the end.  Not all movie viewers are 14-years old ... we like drama and a well defined thread underlying the action ... but IM2 just didn't do as good of a job as tying together the action and sub-scripts as IM1.  Too many \\"chiefs\\" (actors and sub-plots) and not enough \\"firemen\\" (testing the suit) to do the work in this movie.  I hope they clean things up for Avengers and IM3.    In summary ... not as good as IM1, but still worth buying the DVD and watching it a million times even if you're cheap like me.
B002S0OBMS|1.0|When I listen to Love Never Dies, I feel like I'm listening to a musical about the National Enquirer.<br /><br />Really?  REALLY.  Don't believe me, just read what I have below:<br /><br />The Phantom has teamed up with Madame Giry and Meg Giry (the box keeper/ballet mistress and her ballerina daughter) to flee to Coney Island.  Why?  I don't know.  Madame Giry was afraid of the Phantom, from what I gathered from the first musical, so why would she want to team up with him?  And now, Meg is sleeping around with men to give the Phantom money so that he can lure Christine (unknowst to them!) to Coney Island to have her sing in his musical.  Don't believe me?  That's exactly what is going on in this CD.  But let us continue!<br /><br />There are new characters.  A trio of carnival misfits who work for the Phantom and act as his eyes and ears.  Who have no idea how insane their 'master' was when he was back in France.  To them, Phantasma (the ficitional carnival placed in Coney Island) is their weird home.  But the weirdest bit is what lies in the Phantom's room - a Christine Daae sex doll who he keeps in a cage and sings to.  Nobody else knows about this, except for the Phantom and Madame Giry.  Both of who pick at the Phantom for continuing to love this woman that apparently could never be his.<br /><br />Christine gets the letter from the Phantom, asking her to come to Phantasma (and she doesn't put two and two together).  She also has a son, a 10 year old boy named Gustave.  Her husband, Raoul, has done a complete 180* since we last saw him - now a drunken gambling idiot who hates his wife and his son. Forget the equalities that lie between Phantom and Raoul - they don't exist anymore.  Forget the tension between the two men and Christine, because this was written so that you would dislike Raoul from the start.<br /><br />When the Phantom and Christine finally meet up, you realize that Christine cheated on Raoul.  And when he ran away, she decided to go back to Raoul - not because she loved him, I'm assuming.  (Since she had sex with the Phantom.)  But she went back to support her poor butt, since the Phantom was nowhere to be found with his 50,000 francs.  Ha.<br /><br />You also come to realise that Meg is in love with the Phantom.  And, is jealous of Christine's appearance with her husband.  You also learn that Christine's son likes the darkness and plays the piano like the Phantom... And just because of these reasons, the Phantom has deemed Gustave his son.  Talk about cliche!<br /><br />So, throught the rest of this CD, you realize that the Giry's are ready to own the Phantom for his sick lusting for Christine (even though she's married) and Meg in particular wants to hurt them both.  Raoul, meanwhile, is totally forgotten about up until the part where the Phantom plays a bartender and sings to him (while he's drinking away) that Christine will never be his.  They make a bet over Christine - if she sings for him, she belongs to the Phantom.  If Christine denies singing for The Phantom, Raoul and Christine can leave Coney Island and The Phantom will leave them alone.<br /><br />Christine DOES sing for the Phantom (because we all knew it was going to happen), and Gustave goes missing.  Christine and the Phantom discover that Meg has kidnapped Christine's son and is off to go drown him in the ocean. Meg also has a gun, which she stole from the Phantom (because earlier, the Phantom wanted to go and kill himself with the gun because Christine wasn't a part of his life).  The Phantom makes a slip of the tongue, compares Meg to Christine, Meg shoots Christine.  Christine dies, but not before she quickly tells Gustave that his father is the Phantom (because Raoul is no where to be found, he went back to France).  Phantom and Gustave cry. And Meg and Madame Giry, nobody cares about them since they stop singing (but it is assumable that Meg has gone insane).  And it ends.  It ends like that.<br /><br />... Now tell me, who would want a musical of THAT?<br /><br />Unfortunately, the songs did not help the plot.  The rhymes were simple (like rhyming mop with top) and the lyrics were wildly descriptive and slow down the plot.  (A wonderful torture device!)  The performers: Siera Boggess was too breathy and her portrayal of Christine makes her seem like a simpleton.  Joseph Milton's acting was better than his voice.  It wasn't reamarkable nor was it horrible.  And Ramin Karimloo's Phantom was FAR TOO YOUNG in voice and portrayal.  The Phantom has to be older than 30.  But since nowadways anybody can play the Phantom, nobody cares about the Phantom's age.<br /><br />The entire plot can be summed up in Rick Astley's \\"Never Gonna Give You Up\\".  Which is sadly a lot better than this hokum that I just listened to.  I have not seen the musical, but since the whole show is almost preserved on this CD, I'm sure it'd be the same experience if I saw it live.  And reviews from many papers seem to agree that the score and the book are far more horrible than the sets and the production.<br /><br />The original Phantom may not be the greatest achievement, but audiences keep coming to it...<br /><br />When you put a story like that [Love Never Dies] on CD (and on stage) you're REALLY asking for it.<br /><br />I'll stick to Sondhiem for now on.plot.  The rhymes were simple (like rhyming mop with top) and the lyrics were wildly descriptive and slow down the plot.  (A wonderful torture device!)  The performers: Siera Boggess was too breathy and her portrayal of Christine makes her seem like a simpleton.  Joseph Milton's acting was better than his voice.  It wasn't reamarkable nor was it horrible.  And Ramin Karimloo's Phantom was FAR TOO YOUNG in voice and portrayal.  The Phantom has to be older than 30.  But since nowadways anybody can play the Phantom, nobody cares about the Phantom's age.      The entire plot can be summed up in Rick Astley's \\"Never Gonna Give You Up\\".  Which is sadly a lot better than this hokum that I just listened to.  I have not seen the musical, but since the whole show is almost preserved on this CD, I'm sure it'd be the same experience if I saw it live.  And reviews from many papers seem to agree that the score and the book are far more horrible than the sets and the production.      The original Phantom may not be the greatest achievement, but audiences keep coming to it...     When you put a story like that [Love Never Dies] on CD (and on stage) you're REALLY asking for it.     I'll stick to Sondhiem for now on.
0470477237|5.0|I got the pleasure of listening to eQualman speak at a networking event, and ordered the book before I got home! The book was great and I enjoyed reading it. It not only gave answers to questions, but had you thinking more and more about things not originally thought of. The examples used were so 'real-life' and had me laughing because I've actually been in the situations in the book.     Great read.
0399156577|3.0|I normally love, and devour, anything new by Nora Roberts. I think she is a delightfully funny writer, even when writing about something tense and is a whiz at writing funny female dialogue.     This book doesn't quite deliver. I wasn't rooting for the main character like I normally do in Nora books-- I just sort of read it because I wanted it to be over, already.    My favorite Nora books are the Three Sister's Island trilogy-- and the Key trilogy too. I think it's because they are about strong women, and I like the hint of something 'other' she gives many of her books. (okay, the Hollow trilogy was creepy fabulous, too!) Granted, the lead character in this book is strong and take-charge... but something was missing. I'll leave it to the real critics to diagnose. But if I were you, save your money for the paperback. This one is just sort-of Nora worthy.
0792838068|4.0|Leaving Las Vegas is a hard core hark back to the old Film Noir genre. Set to deal with the dark & seamy side of living it does just that & adds terrific performances by Elizabeth Shue & Nicholas Cage.<br /><br />Cage plays a movie exec that has reached his limit as a hard drinking alcoholic. Here's a question, who manipulates people more the movie exec or the alcoholic? Maybe the one is training for the other.<br /><br />Shue plays a been everywhere done everything whore who wakes up & realizes she's alone not just at night but every minute of everyday. This is where I part from the normal story synopsis which claims they fall in love. Yeah right. These are two people totally absorbed in themselves who have unique & hard to fill needs in their lives. Cage wants someone to hold his hand while he drinks himself to death without nagging him about it. Shue wants something to come home to besides mouth wash for her paste filled teeth. Although she can easily swing both ways her preference turns out to be hetero. I'm sure lots of men have fantasized about living & loving with a whore. I'm just as certain men almost all know it won't work like you think. Shue needs a guy with an askew view.<br /><br />Enter the above two, into each others lives. Now our whore who has capably manipulated men into giving her what she wants for years stumbles on? No finds, the biggest loser she can have contact with & surprise? No entices, him with what he is so desperately looking for, a hand & body to hold while dying. Cage on the other hand wants to find a girl to ease his passing & looks in the Las Vegas Sunday School Social Register? No checks out, the whores available. He gives chase to the one that responds in the most positive manner.<br /><br />The only love here is self love. The only reason this works is because it is obvious that we're looking at a short term relationship. In the end Cage is dead, as he wanted to be. Shue is still alive & has had this marvelous experience of not coming home to just mouth wash. That means Shue used Cage to combat her terrible loneliness, without the long term commitment she did not have any use or desire for. Whereas Cage used Shue to keep himself from falling totally into self-loathing since he had this one human who would hold his hand till death. They both attain what they want by their own devices.<br /><br />The truly stellar performances turned in by Cage & Shue are what make this story go even more than the story which is top-notch itself. The movie could have so easily turned into just a vile look at what humanity is capable of but the performances keep it alive & moving.<br /><br />So often we forget the failures & half truths we have in our own lives & if you're one of those moviegoers that only go to the show to be uplifted & refreshed you should avoid this at all costs. I give Cage's portrayal as an end of the road alcoholic 5 stars. Shue gets 6 stars as the whore. I sometimes feel that people think anyone could play a convincing whore. I don't think that. 6 stars.<br /><br />NOW for contentions, which are small. I was actually PO'ed that they used the Bugs Bunny roadrunner type of highway travel when Cage went to Vegas. It did not belong anywhere in this movie! I would have preferred to have fewer close-ups on human heads that left no sense of framing to the shot. This is a completely amateur mistake in photography or filming. It was used far, far too much.<br /><br />If you like old film noir: SEE THIS ONE<br /><br />Story, writing & acting 5 stars.<br />Directing & filming minus 1/2 star. OVERALL RATING 4.5 Starssh. That means Shue used Cage to combat her terrible loneliness, without the long term commitment she did not have any use or desire for. Whereas Cage used Shue to keep himself from falling totally into self-loathing since he had this one human who would hold his hand till death. They both attain what they want by their own devices.     The truly stellar performances turned in by Cage & Shue are what make this story go even more than the story which is top-notch itself. The movie could have so easily turned into just a vile look at what humanity is capable of but the performances keep it alive & moving.     So often we forget the failures & half truths we have in our own lives & if you're one of those moviegoers that only go to the show to be uplifted & refreshed you should avoid this at all costs. I give Cage's portrayal as an end of the road alcoholic 5 stars. Shue gets 6 stars as the whore. I sometimes feel that people think anyone could play a convincing whore. I don't think that. 6 stars.     NOW for contentions, which are small. I was actually PO'ed that they used the Bugs Bunny roadrunner type of highway travel when Cage went to Vegas. It did not belong anywhere in this movie! I would have preferred to have fewer close-ups on human heads that left no sense of framing to the shot. This is a completely amateur mistake in photography or filming. It was used far, far too much.     If you like old film noir: SEE THIS ONE     Story, writing & acting 5 stars.   Directing & filming minus 1/2 star. OVERALL RATING 4.5 Stars
0307592839|1.0|I really didn't like this book.  There were certain parts that held my interest, but overall I felt the book really rambled and tried to be clever yet failed miserably.  I also hated how certain chapters began where a character's interactions were described, yet you did not know who this character was until later in the chapter.
B001BWQVSG|5.0|I got this boxed set of 8 CDs on Amazon for $21 and it was the best deal I've ever gotten from the company. Martha's work is sublime, the recordings are pristine, and I couldn't recommend this more highly to the Classical music enthusiast. Bravo!
630587493X|5.0|As a faithful fan of Isaac Asimov I have read his short story, \\"The Bicentennial Man\\" many times; it is the final story in a collection of robot stories called \\"The Complete Robot.\\" For some reason I had never seen the movie although I had heard about it.<br /><br />In all honesty, I'm not that much of a fan of Robin Williams and may have let that deter me; now, having seen it, I can say that Robin Williams did a wonderful job as robot Andrew Martin. I was fully involved in the film and enjoyed it very much. While it is true the film deviates somewhat from the short story, I in no way found that objectionable. The film, as an adaptation of the short story, tells a touching tale of a robot who wants to become a man.<br /><br />The many adventures the robot, Andrew Martin, had in pursuit of his goal provides the basic story line. One finds the principles of faithfulness, hope, persistence, patience, and family expounded as the story proceeds.<br /><br />The movie is a keeper and worth watching again; I'm very happy to have finally seen it.
0307474712|5.0|Mssr. Nicholls' third novel has the elements of what I call a great novel. It makes you smile, laugh, puzzled and cry. The story takes us into a relationship that was built casually and later developed into a complex entanglement of the two lives, Emma and Dexter. Their love, lives and passions are chronicled from the first night they spent together. Each has his/her point of view and each goes through their ups and downs. Emma on one hand lives a simple live of being a traveling actress, a teacher and finally a writer. Dexter on the other hand lives a superfluous live traveling the world and becoming a semi-famous TV host. Their stories take turns and eventually become commingled. One Day, as fitting as the title is, is the day when the finality is missed.    I truly enjoyed this novel and highly recommend it for a quick and fulfilling read. This is one book that once you pick up, flip through the first pages, you shall never be able to put down.
B002VPE1YS|3.0|This is a nice little case with a carabiner style clip which I use to stash my cell phone. It is a little large for the cell phone, but the padded material provides good protection. The case doesn't look great but useful to keep other electronic gadgets like camera and hand held devices.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this book.  I have never been into reading futuristic, fantasy type books, but decided to try this book based on the awesome reviews by other readers.  I was looking for a great beach read for vacation.  I downloaded it to my Kindle on the morning prior to leaving for the beach.  I read this book our first 2 days at the beach and really had to make myself put it down to spend time with my 3 and 5 year old daughters.  Not a good thing I know, but so true.  Just a great book.  The story and characters pulled me in from the beginning.  The only problem I would have had with this book was the lack of an ending, which wasn't a problem because I was able to download book number two, Catching Fire, to my Kindle while sitting on the beach.  Love my Kindle.  I started and also finished book 2 while on vacation and am now anxiously awaiting book 3 that is to be released in August.  Do yourself a favor and buy this book.  I don't give 5 star ratings very often and this book gets an easy 5 stars from me.
030726999X|2.0|Way too many pages are wasted on bringing the reader up to speed; often plot points are repeated two or three times to different characters.  Only snippets of new plot appear until more than halfway through the book.  Needs a really good edit; probably 95% of the readers have read books 1 & 2 in the series, no reason for so much back story.<br /><br />Also, not enough time is spent with Lisbeth and Blomkvist; I could care less about most of the characters in the different police / secret police agencies.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I was almost unable to put the first book in this trilogy, Hunger Games, down and then immediately downloaded this 2nd book to my Kindle immediatly upon finishing book 1.  I was sitting on the beach on vacation when I finished the first book and couldn't wait to start the 2nd book.  I anxiously turned on my whispernet to connect for download and was reading this book within 5 minutes on my Kindle.  I love my Kindle.<br />The beginning of this book seemed to start very slow compared to the first book, but picked up quickly about a quarter of a way through the book.  I soon found myself completely ingrossed and unable to put this book down.  I completed book 1 and 2 during my week long vacation at the beach and am now anxiously waiting for book 3 to be released in August.  I really hate to admit it, but I think I should have waited until after my vacation to have downloaded these books so that I would have spent more time with my 3 and 5 year olds on the beach.
030726999X|5.0|It's a real shame we won't get any more Lisbeth stories, but thank goodness we get this third book! It's a fantastic wrap-up to the best thriller series out there now. The Swedish movies are the best adaptations of books I've ever seen--they cut the extraneous bits cleanly--still the books tell us so much, so well, we are glad for every tidbit! (The third movie will be released in October.) Every scoundrel deserves every violent revenge Lisbeth metes out. If only there were more Blomqvists in the world!
0812973992|2.0|The Bridge at San Luis Rey meets Ulysses.  Irish angst designed to twist your guts, but for me the slog was not worth it.  Too many words...wow!, way too many.  The message is worth the telling, the author has talent, but he needs a good sharp razor.      gils
B000A7DVR2|4.0|This is the best edition for the money if you don't already own a different version of Lebowski, and the best edition if you are buying simply to enjoy the feature, the Coen brother's interview, and Jeff Bridges' nice black & white photo gallery, but not any collector's trinkets.  Check out the reviews for all the other editions out there before you decide to buy.<br /><br />  This edition has the best cover art, even though I always cut them down to disc-size to fit in a soft-case pouch.  The bizarre separate introduction on this disc has a ring of validity as well.  Stay away from any Full-Screen versions of any features that were originally produced in a wide aspect ratio like this one.
0307473473|4.0|I really liked this book and thought that it has a very good hook, a solid plot line, and strong character development. I enjoyed the last 2/3 of the book very much and found myself reading it much faster and with more vigor than I normally read books. However, there are two reasons that I gave this book four stars instead of five. First of all, the first 150 pages leave much to be desired. There is very little in the beginning of the book that really gives the reader an idea of what the book is going to be about or what the REAL heart of the story is. Additionally, the family lineage is overbearing, and I had to continuously look at the family chart to remember how the characters were related. Eventually you pick up the characters and realize who is important and who is forgettable, but at the same time, it is something that provides a bit of a slip up to the reader. I would still definitely recommend this book to anyone who is interested and I have already purchased the second in the series to begin.
B0026OE2NY|2.0|The author's aerial pictures available in books are stunning, e.g. [[ASIN:081095947X Earth from Above, Third Edition]]. However, the beauty of the world is totally lost in this film. The narrator is annoying with doom's day predictions in every sentence. The earth needs to be protected, sure, but sometimes the message could be stronger by a more subtle narrator. The narrator does not know what subtle is. She is right there in your face and she managed really to annoy this reviewer. According to the narrator: Animals produce CO2 (so we shouldn't eat meat). Flowers take a lot of water (so we shouldn't buy flowers for women). Earth is overpopulated (so we shouldn't have babies). The fish stock is being depleted (so we shouldn't eat fish). Etc. Etc. The stuff in parenthesis isn't actually said. We are supposed to come to those conclusions ourselves. What does the publisher think? That somebody who is in denial regarding global warming actually is going to sit through 100 minutes of this? I wish we could have a total remake (footage must exist) about how beautiful the world is (and man-made structures can beautiful too). There is no need to have a self-appointed besserwisser stating that everything will go to hell. However, if you like propaganda like [[ASIN:B000ICL3KG An Inconvenient Truth]], you will probably love this film. (Disclosure: I believe that global warming is a problem and so is the depletion of natural resources, but I just hate propaganda in all its forms).
B0007TKNL0|5.0|I've seen the stage version and enjoyed it, but the movie version made the stage version complete, more romantic and beautiful. I actually understood the plot better in the film version. It stays 98% true to the stage version. You get to see a more passionate and hot looking Phantom. I am in love with Gerard Butler because of this film. Michael Crawford is a great singer, but his Phantom lacks the depth of sorrow and pain (and even sex appeal) that was superbly portrayed by Gerard Butler. (Even Butler cried over the Phantom's loneliness - the director mentions that in the 2-disc special.) Emmy Rossum as Christine is perfect. My only complaint is Raoul. Great voice, but he could've been played by a cuter actor. (Then again, that could've taken the attention away from the hot looking Phantom.)  Maybe Raoul's hair could've been done better? Gerard Butler may not have that polished voice (because he's not a real singer), but his passion as the Phantom is completely there!     I am so glad the director decided to make this a young cast because it made so much more sense that Christine Daae is a young and naive teenager (Emmy Rossum was 16 when she worked on this film) who thought this man lurking in the shadows at night was some Angel of Music sent by her father. If it was a middle-aged Sarah Brightman, then you'd think this lady is loon.       The 2-disc version with special features is a must for all Phantom fans. You get to see the behind the scenes story. I just wish they would have commentary over the film by the director and maybe some of the actors. Maybe in an anniversary edition can add that, but it sucks that you'd have to buy another copy just to hear commentaries.    You will fall in love with this movie!!
0061537969|2.0|I love dog stories.  I love the way that authors use these loving animals with distinctive personalities both to celebrate the wonder of the dog and to draw out the best aspects of humanity.  I even love that every dog story ultimately ends the same way, and readers get to enjoy the catharsis of crying for an animal.  After hearing some positive comments about this novel, written from a dog's perspective, I thought that I would love it.      Unfortunately, Stein doesn't really capture a dog's voice very well.  Enzo, the narrator, writes as if he's the Dalai Lama, but who has fur, can't speak, and has a nearly unhealthy obsession with racecars.  He's certainly a likable character, with a generous heart and well-constructed observations from Eastern spirituality (I don't personally agree with the reincarnation idea that permeates the book, nor with the oft-referenced idea that we make our own problems, but I think Enzo communicates clearly, and I respect his views).  But he doesn't sound like a dog.      Also, there is a human story that is initially compelling - a young family with a terminally ill member and some meddling in-laws - but it gets absurd quickly (the legal struggles may not frustrate non-lawyers, or maybe they're accurate in Washington, but as a public defender in Massachusetts, I was irritated with the way a criminal case could be used as a bargaining chip in a tangentially-related civil matter).  This book isn't terrible, and many people may find it helpful, but I did not enjoy it, and I recommend Dean Koontz's [[ASIN:1410419487 A Big Little Life: A Memoir of a Joyful Dog (Thorndike Press Large Print Core Series)]] as an example of how to celebrate a dog while letting it still be a dog.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|It's a brilliant, well planned and thought-out series that was never given the respect or attention it deserved. It deserves a second series or at least a mini-series to tie up some loose ends, but as it is, season one is a classic.
B0018SWA56|5.0|Let's face it Emily Giffin is adorable. She knows how to deliver characters that you may or may not relate to but you instantly connect with. I love how this book picked up on Darcy's character where Rachel's left off. I honestly doubted whether this book could have delivered a believable ending to this saga and still be uplifting. Shame on me for doubting it. It was perfect. I feel totally settled on this series. All questions answered, all loose ends tied, none of it rushed. Amazing. I am an extremely picky reader and have read both these books twice. I have downloaded both for my e-reader. It's a must read for women who want to escape with some well written fiction. It's contemporary, fun, and just the right amount of content. Cheers, Emily Giffin. I am now a dedicated reader of your books.
0896898288|4.0|I am relatively new to quilting and I bought this book because I want to learn how to make more quilt blocks. I am also an avid history fan and the book appealed to me in that way, as well. This book has many advantages for the new and experience quilter, and a few small drawbacks as well.<br /><br />First, the history. This book reprints 42 letters that were written in response to a 1922 query by Farm Wife's that asked \\"Would you want your daughter to marry a farmer?\\" The letters that have been reprinted here provide an insight not only into what women want for their daughters, but for what their own daily lives were like. That was fascinating reading. I wish the other letters were printed in this tome, for there 68 letters printed by the magazine.<br /><br />Also, the quilt blocks themselves are fun to look at and great for ideas. My only gripe is that many of the blocks have fabrics very similar in color and tone, and the contrasts are often hard to pick out or almost lost. I can understand that this might be a person's preferred style (although if I tried to do this my quilting teacher would beat me over the heat with a fabric bolt) but it does make the pattern hard to detect.<br /><br />There are many good reasons to get this book. It comes with a CD-Rom that has printable templates of all the quilt blocks, as well as template instructions for each block provided in the back. It is very helpful. There are also instructions on how to use the blocks to make several different sizes of quilts from lap to king.<br /><br />Overall, I would recommend this book to a new or experience quilter. If you are brand new to quilting you will need some quilting instruction from an outside source for the actual piecing and construction. But this is fun to look at and the letters are great reading.
1416585710|3.0|Reading all the reviews, I think it's safe to say that I'm not the only HUGE Stephen King fan out there. I own almost everything that he's written. He has justified my long-term fear of clowns, and with such grace and vivid detail. I will never forget that. Come to think of it, I haven't forgotten a single book of his; every single one sticks out in my head, and so will Lisey's story. Just bear with me here...    After reading all the bad reviews, I found myself disagreeing with a lot of them. This is definitely not his best or even a \\"great\\" Stephen King novel, but I still think it's worth reading. What's wrong with a little change? If you read 20+ books by the same author, written in an incredibly similar fashion, why would you want to read another one? Yes, King has made each of those 20+ books a bit different to keep you entertained instead of thinking \\"I think I've seen this plot/language before\\", and I feel like that's the case with Lisey's story. He's trying something new and sailing into unfamiliar territory, so I feel like we ought to cut him a break. It's a love story, but with terror at the core, and with King behind the language, he made it work. I'm not saying he should switch to writing terrifying love stories... he definitely needs to stick to just terror, but he DID make it work.    One review was peeved about how Lisey's story was not about Lisey at all... well, obviously. It's Lisey's story ABOUT her troubled husband Scott, the acclaimed best-selling author. She is telling the story of Scott and his past and demons, because (other than Scott's brother and father), SHE is the only one that saw it and remotely understood it. If it truly was a story about Lisey, it would be no story at all, or at least a story that King would tell. Another review wanted King to pursue the stalker character because he/she felt that the stalker was a glimpse of King's \\"true writing.\\" I couldn't disagree more! When I think of terrorizing old-school King characters that have scared me sh*tless since I could read, I don't think of them as having a bad southern drawl, carrying around puny guns, wearing night-vision goggles and stuffing dead cats into people's mailboxes. What am I, stupid? That's not scary. He took that character as far as he should have, thank god. The long-boy, however, was spot on \\"classic\\" King. With just enough disturbing detail, and the rest was up to you to fill in the blank... THAT is what King's characters are all about. As for the made-up words that King utilized as part of Scott Landon's vernacular, well... that's the beauty of being a celebrated artist/author. It works for the SETTING you set your characters in, and given the disturbing childhood Scott Landon had, that language was PERFECT.     The only thing I wished for, was knowing what would have happened between Lisey and the long-boy, towards the end of the book. I was left with a small void, a void that needed to be filled with more details between those two. Otherwise, this was a great first frightening love story from King, and definitely worth adding to his already-stellar collection.
B003JSU2NU|5.0|For the cheesiness that is associated with the movie franchise this is an amazing album. There are songs on here from great artist that you can not get on their albums. Imagine Bat for Lashes and Beck?!?
B003KUSUG8|5.0|Great Album all around!    Spacebound  Love the way you lie  Not affraid  25 to life!    Great Songs!    Thank you eminem for a kick ass albuM!
6305313687|2.0|\\"American History X\\"  was very predictable from the first scene.  There are several gang fights throughout with Blacks, Mexicans and Skinheads spewing raging rants on hate.  It comes across as simplistic and somehow disingenuous story of a California neo-Nazi (Edward Norton).  He is tough because he has to be - Gangs are taking over the neighborhood so he becomes the alpha dog of his white-skinned pack.  Everyone wants to be tough, including his little brother, and it gets tiring to watch.<br /><br />Norton's character kills three Blacks caught robbing his car one night and  is sent to prison for three years.  He comes out a reformed man who has seen the futility of crime, killing and fighting.  He wants to atone for his sins and save his younger brother before it is too late.  The drama is overwrought and the movie becomes predictable as we see another neighborhood crisis cause needless killings and pain.<br /><br />\\"American History X\\" is borderline bad, the script is just pathetic.  Edward Norton does his best to hold this sad, tired story together.
B00127RAJY|4.0|First of all, level 1 totally kills your arms! I thought I had pretty strong arm muscle but even using 5lb hand-weights with the moves she has totally makes them burn, (combined with the pushups and the lateral raises). I wish the ab moves were a little more complex in level 1, but I guess I will have to wait until level 2. I do think I will get bored after several days with level 1 so I think I might skip ahead and try out levels 2 and 3 just for variation, and then repeat through all of them just so I'm not working out the same muscles in the same moves every day.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Excellent storyline and animation. Type of movie you want to watch over and over again. Movie just right length.
0895260131|1.0|A blatant attempt to make money off of sensationalist fictionalizing. By the way, the Christians invaded during the Crusades, not the Muslims.
0312427646|4.0|This short book is a delight.  As a fast reader I slowed to a crawl so as to enjoy the experience for a longer period.
B001NLKT60|3.0|I almost gave up on this book several times before the plot finally started moving about 1/3 in.  In those pages were many completely extraneous characters (George Blunt, Helen Vanger), irrelevant action, and unnecessary details.  Does the reader really need to know, in exquisite detail, how a journalist's contract was negotiated?  Did the events during the hurricane explain anything about the rest of the book?  I had no idea why I was being bored to death with these.  I will admit that any scene with Lisbeth in it is inherently entertaining, but at some point the reader wants some assurance that there is a point to the action. In Larsson's first book, the central mystery is established much earlier.<br /><br />Once the police investigation starts, the pace of the book picks up considerably, although Lisbeth is completely missing from many chapters.  Finally at this point, Blomkvist has a purpose in life and gets to more than sit in a board room and play administrative head games.<br /><br />Like the previous book, Larsson confuses the reader by overusing \\"B\\" names, and the geography can be a little hard to follow.  These are small inconveniences.  The action (when it finally develops) is good, and Lisbeth reveals even more amazing, if improbable, physical and intellectual ability.<br /><br />This series would make an excellent graphic novel.
0618918248|5.0|It is really one of the best book ever written! Open and broaden the common views towards religion, giving new path of thoughts to the traditional way. Unexpected revelation on different perspective!    Thumbs up for Richard Dawkins!
B002SJIO54|5.0|I haven't seen that many films that were released just last year, but there were several that I really liked, including District 9. This movie is one of the best to have come out in 2009, with perfectly good reasons. It's not a standard sci-fi picture, but rather a satire on segregation and xenophobia. It's distinctive in that it's not set in a typical metropolitan city (such as New York City or Los Angeles), but actually set in Johannesburg, South Africa. It's a pretty deep sci-fi film, and it sure does deliver. In addition to the satire and the high octane action in the last half hour, I like how the film starts as a documentary in the first half and then an action-packed adventure in the second half. But I think the strongest element in District 9 is Wikus van de Merwe, the protagonist played by Sharlto Copley. When he's first introduced, you don't seem to care about him at first. But when his life is in danger, you start to care about him. And when his life is REALLY on the line near the end, you root for him all the way. That is what I like most about this movie: you really care about those who try to survive. And despite the main villain being pretty much a cardboard cutout, District 9 is still a thought-provoking sci-fi film that offers plenty of action, adventure, drama, and even humor. It's one of the definite best films of 2009.<br /><br />Grade: A-
B0025UHKNS|1.0|I bought the Garmin 405CX back in june. Unfortunately the product is very unreliable.    Shortly after trying out the accompanying software for Mac, I got my first Kernel panics, which basically means you loose everything you are currently working on. Apparently I am not the only one with this problem. Friends and family has experienced the same, and a quick google reveals that many users are experiencing this.    The firmware on the watch itself is also having problems, causing the watch to sometimes just freeze, requiring a hard reset and re-sync with the computer.    Even though I like the product and what it does, I can not currently recommend this to others with the current software flaws.     Hopefully Garmin will be eventually fix this issue, but considering I can find references to the kernel panic as far back as february 2009, I do not have high hopes.    This is really a shame, as all my previous Garmin GPS products have worked flawlessly.
B00005QGAV|5.0|Musically mature collection; Michael got bigger and thought more creatively out of the box with each album. The operatic overture to \\"Will You Be There\\" is deeply moving. The familiar radio hits are fun, too: Black or White, Remember the Time, Heal the World, Dangerous, etc. I play this album in the car to and from work. Thoroughly enjoyable.
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|I love ABBA's music, but when I borrowed this DVD from the local library I had no idea the story was all written around the music of ABBA. Watched it 4 times, something I never do, and I find myself going to sleep and waking up with the lyrics from Mamma Mia on my lips. Another thing, too: I'm not a rabid dancer. Usually I have to force myself to do it, and it probably shows. But there are few ABBA songs I can listen to without wanting to get up and start gesticulating with my arms and swiveling the old hips. (Sometimes I do!) I don't know what it is about their music, but if you don't want to dance when you hear it, forget it, you'll never be a dancer.<br /><br />I agree that Pierce Brosnan can't carry a tune, but it didn't bother me too much because I didn't expect him to be vocally talented. He was adequate for the role, probably not his best, but he seemed to enjoy himself nonetheless, and I did, too.<br /><br />Anyway, I'm sold on the movie, so I'll look for the best deal I can get on my purchase of it. I'll keep it together with my copy of West Side Story. These are the only two stage musicals that were made into movies that captured my enthusiasm. I was really surprised at Meryl Streep's performance. I didn't know she had it in her, having only seen her in heavy dramatic roles.<br /><br />If the critics didn't like this movie, they should get their TS cards punched, as we used to say in the Army. I can't imagine how anyone could not enjoy the movie, and if people enjoy it, the critics be damned. I didn't find it of inferior quality in any way.<br /><br />Bottom line, if you haven't seen it, what are you waiting for?
B003CN5SAY|5.0|not very happy as was charged an extra £14-09  on its arrival here will not be ordering from you again!
0749399570|5.0|This is such an awesome book! It was in great condition when I received it and it shipped very fast!
0802798225|5.0|Alex and Brittney are very good characters, i love how the more you read the more you get to know them and feel connected with them
1592403913|5.0|This item was in great condition, the price was excellent, and the shipping was very fast! :)
B0028MBKVG|5.0|I've been an on again off again runner, but this book has convinced me to man up and just run. I'm now planning on tackling a marathon, and have my eye towards ultramarathons in the future.    Mcdougall does a great job in weaving in a lot of research about distance running in his own narrative of running with an elite tribe of runners in the Mexican wilderness. Great read, and if this can't motivate you nothing will!
B001AQR3E4|5.0|was very impressed with quality of this movie one of my favorites on blu ray.
030745455X|1.0|A Summary Without Spoilers:<br /><br />The book begins with a \\"Prologue\\" which provides an un-necessary flashback to some SM torture/terror experienced by the 12-year-old Salander.<br /><br />And then it's on to the Real Story.<br /><br />In Part One [Chapters 1 through 3, inclusive] we find Our Plucky Heroine enjoying a well-deserved Caribbean fling: living on the billions stolen from Swedish taxpayers, lazing in the sun doing Super Advanced Math puzzles, picking up and seducing little native boys, and \\"saving\\" middle-aged women from the clutches of their husbands.  ... Meanwhile, back in Sweden, her \\"guardian\\" is busily researching her past and plotting his revenge.<br /><br />In Part Two [Chapters 4 through 10, inclusive], Salamander returns to Stockholm after a year of global trotting. She's a whole new person now. She has new boobs (boobs maketh the woman). She has a Lesbian Lover. She's gotten rid of her wasp tattoo and some of her rings. She's rich and buys a new apartment in the tony section of town. She gives her old apartment to her new Lesbian Lover.<br /><br />As she's settling into her new new life in the up-market section of the IKEA catalogue, her guardian Bjurman is making new unsavory friends. She sees him one day in the company of one of them; an unsavory-looking Blond Giant.<br /><br />Meanwhile, over at \\"Millennium\\" her old `friends' are working away on A Big New Scoop. They are planning to publish a Big Expose in the magazine about the on-going Baltic sex trade and Sweden's role in the industry. In addition, they will publish a Big Blockbuster expose book by one of the investigators. It will name names. It will dish the trash. It will walk the walk.<br /><br />In Part Three [Chapters 11 through 20, inclusive], it all hits the fan. But, unfortunately, no one thinks to turn off the fan.<br /><br />Dag and Mia, the principals involved in the \\"Millennium\\" investigation into the sex trade, are found dead in their apartment by Michael Blomqvist. The weapon involved belongs to Bjurman and has Salander's prints on  it. Bjurman too it seems has been shot with this gun. As a result Our Little Girl is a prime suspect in a triple murder case, and her \\"story\\" is all over the front pages.<br /><br />Three investigations are triggered by these events. One by the police to find Our Girl, the presumed killer. One by Blomkvist to find the \\"real killer\\". And, one by Milton Security to keep an eye on developments and provide legal counsel for Our Girl if things go awry.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Miriam Wu, the Lesbian Lover, returns from a trip abroad to find herself at the center of a lot of unwanted attention ... from the police, but also [much worse] from the sensationalist media.<br /><br />In Part Four [Chapters 21 through 32, inclusive] the focus returns to Salander herself. We learn a great deal about her not only from the leaked media stories but from her reaction to them. We learn for instance how she earned the nickname \\"Wasp\\" by sparring with the celebrity boxer Paolo Roberto. We learn that the media are concentrating on her early years and her late teens and are ignoring an apparent blank spot between the years 12 and 15 when \\"All The Evil\\" happened. A police report covering those years would explain and exonerate her, or so we're led to believe.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Salander does some snooping of her own. She finds that a gang led by the Ranta Brothers have been running amphetamines and girls back and forth across the Baltic from Estonia. Their story sheds some light on the Blond Giant and his accomplice, Ponytail. And on a mysterious background figure called \\"Zala\\".<br /><br />The turning point in the story comes when Miriam Wu (the Lesbian Lover) is abducted by the Blond Giant and Ponytail, but is rescued by Celebrity Boxer.<br /><br />Thereafter the saga moves inexorably but all-too-tediously, to its concluding confrontation between  Salander,  Zala and the Blond Giant.<br /><br />And of course Blomkvist is bringing up the rear, trying to save her.<br /><br />Personal Appraisal:<br /><br />I'm NOT a fan of this series (or of this kind of pulp mush) but I did find the first volume palatable enough to warrant a second helping! Boy was THAT a mistake!!<br /><br />This book is marred by writing so painfully bad, it's a puke party!! There are huge long chunks that read like you're trapped in an IKEA catalog, buying functional pressboard boxes masquerading as \\"furniture\\". Also, the author suffers from a very serious case of \\"consumerist envy\\" -- it's not enough to write \\"she bought a coffee machine\\", No! We must be bored to death by the consumerist details and the up-market product specifications ... \\"she bought a top-of-the-line Bjorkenmaster BrewLine with a built-in cappuchino maker, and an automatic toaster/slicer\\" (or whatever) ... It makes for some very tedious reading. And, it's most evident when computers are mentioned. He won't just say \\"Curiously, Dag's laptop was missing.\\" NO! Too easy!! He'll write: \\"Curiously, Dag's brand new top-o-the-line iPad with the 24\\" plasma screen, the overhead camshaft, and 35gazillion byte hard drive was missing. He noticed this because Dag had chosen the Magenta Model which was all rage with the younger set.\\"<br /><br />And, of course, there are the endless cliches. And not just the common-or-garden \\"hang 'em out to dry\\" type either. In fact, some of these \\"literary\\" cliches are so monstrous they are LITERAL HOWLERS.<br /><br />Salander, for instance, allegedly is a natural-born math wizard. We know this cos the novel beats us over the head with it at every available opportunity. Also, (Big Clue) she plays chess ... and NEVER loses. O.M.G.!!!!!<br /><br />Of course, she's got Aspergers [Backasswards] Syndrome, which in Pulp Fiction Land, is equivalent to saying: \\"she's not just a punk loser, dude; she's an idiot savant man. She's got, like, super powers an' stuff.\\"<br /><br />My absolutely favorite part however, is when she allegedly figures out Fermat's Last Theorem as she's closing in on the Killers!! ... I kid you not!!<br /><br />Wow!! She's, like, a genius dude! AND ... she looks hot on a bike!!!<br /><br />Writing like this is sooo embarrassing only an adolescent could find it credible!!mush) but I did find the first volume palatable enough to warrant a second helping! Boy was THAT a mistake!!    This book is marred by writing so painfully bad, it's a puke party!! There are huge long chunks that read like you're trapped in an IKEA catalog, buying functional pressboard boxes masquerading as \\"furniture\\". Also, the author suffers from a very serious case of \\"consumerist envy\\" -- it's not enough to write \\"she bought a coffee machine\\", No! We must be bored to death by the consumerist details and the up-market product specifications ... \\"she bought a top-of-the-line Bjorkenmaster BrewLine with a built-in cappuchino maker, and an automatic toaster/slicer\\" (or whatever) ... It makes for some very tedious reading. And, it's most evident when computers are mentioned. He won't just say \\"Curiously, Dag's laptop was missing.\\" NO! Too easy!! He'll write: \\"Curiously, Dag's brand new top-o-the-line iPad with the 24\\" plasma screen, the overhead camshaft, and 35gazillion byte hard drive was missing. He noticed this because Dag had chosen the Magenta Model which was all rage with the younger set.\\"    And, of course, there are the endless cliches. And not just the common-or-garden \\"hang 'em out to dry\\" type either. In fact, some of these \\"literary\\" cliches are so monstrous they are LITERAL HOWLERS.    Salander, for instance, allegedly is a natural-born math wizard. We know this cos the novel beats us over the head with it at every available opportunity. Also, (Big Clue) she plays chess ... and NEVER loses. O.M.G.!!!!!    Of course, she's got Aspergers [Backasswards] Syndrome, which in Pulp Fiction Land, is equivalent to saying: \\"she's not just a punk loser, dude; she's an idiot savant man. She's got, like, super powers an' stuff.\\"    My absolutely favorite part however, is when she allegedly figures out Fermat's Last Theorem as she's closing in on the Killers!! ... I kid you not!!    Wow!! She's, like, a genius dude! AND ... she looks hot on a bike!!!    Writing likethis is sooo embarrassing only an adolescent could find it credible!!
B001AR4K8K|4.0|was gonna rate 3 1/2 stars overall liked picture except widescreen and some parts could have been digitally remastered better.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|From \\"Go ahead, make my day!\\" to \\"Get off my lawn!\\" this movie is classic Clint Eastwood.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|you can lose yourself in this movie, takes you on a wild adventure thats sure to resinate in your memory.
0439023483|4.0|When a YA novel comes along that has so much hype such as The Hunger Games I become hesitant to read it because I haven't had much luck with the hyped-up YA books. I think it's just because I don't mesh with the things that make those books exciting for others. I put off reading The Hunger Games until I saw it was available at the library so I requested it.<br /><br />Despite my bias going into it (which I tried really hard to suppress) this book still managed to win me over. There were many things that I liked. Firstly, despite the book's premise being hard to believe, the fact that people would actually watch children kill themselves in an arena for victory, I thought Collins did the best job she could to make it plausible. There was some internal logic that I sensed which made me happy. I like when things make sense. I was able to suspend disbelief and nothing broke that.<br /><br />This was done through good world-building in the form of a dystopian North America. The characters were real. I thought the portrayal of Katniss as a strong teen-aged girl was not over the top or too weak. You really knew her motivations (to take care of her sister) and you could relate to them.<br /><br />Another great aspect of the story is the fast pace and Collins' ability to create tension. The Games are brutal, exciting and scary. If I was a teenager reading this I'd be freaked out and intrigued. I was even still! Actually, I think I would have loved this book at that age.<br /><br />There are some areas I thought could be improved on. I would have liked to see more of the outside world. We are limited in what we see due to the first person view of Katniss. I would have liked to see more of the people of the world and what their experiences are like because I believe Collins created something interesting. However, this is a little criticism and in general I still thought the book was great.<br /><br />I recommend this to teens who don't mind some violence and anyone interested in good quality YA fiction. I will be reading the sequel soon.ding the sequel soon.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|This CD was worth every penny. I don't buy CDs often (I usually download, like most), but this really is a fantastic CD set. The original \\"The Fame\\" portion of the CD is very traditionally pop, and is a lot of fun to sing/dance to or just enjoy. The second disc, \\"The Fame Monster\\" is, as the artist has said, a little darker. It's interesting and seemingly much more personal music. The songs are catchy and meaningful (at least in a pop-music way.)    As others have said, it's censored, so if that really bothers you, you shouldn't buy this CD. However, the only time the censorship seemed awkward to me is the replacement of b----- with \\"bit\\". It doesn't really make sense and it sounds a little odd. But the rest of the alterations don't ruin the flow of the songs or seem insulting (I hate the replacement of words--I prefer them to be edited or bleeped out or left in). Anyway, even in Bad Romance (where the b-----/bit thing seems most awkward), the song is still fantastic, and the CD is not diminished overall by these few replacements.      Overall, if you like, and especially if you love, Lady Gaga, you'll probably love this CD. I, for one, really felt that I got my money's worth.
B000FBFN0Q|4.0|If you want a quick story to read that you can pick up at anytime, not worrying about getting too involved, then this is a great story.  I will probably read all the stories in the series as my \\"frivolous\\" indulgence! LOL
0440237688|5.0|We bought this book for a summer time reading project for 8th grade. I read this book first before my daughter, and I loved it! I'm 48 years old, but this book was fantastic!
B000FS9MV0|5.0|Ordered 2 copies of this cd - both arrived in perfect condition and when promised.  Heard some of the songs on this cd while shopping in Newport Rhode Island and they were very enjoyable.  Will order more of Renee's cd's in the future.  Makes housework almost enjoyable when listening to these tunes.
0307266303|5.0|As an endurance coach, I recommend all of my athletes read Born to Run before we get started.  McDougall has a way with words and weaves an incredible amount of information into an easy-to-read narrative.  This book could save your legs!
0307473473|5.0|I haven't read many thrillers but I was looking for something to read when I heard about this book on NPR. Lisbeth Salander seemed like an interesting character, from what I read on amazon. I started reading the book with skepticism but as I progressed I became exceedingly addicted. Blomkvist is such an interesting character. I simply can't wait to get my hands on the rest of the series. If you're looking for an engrossing read and you've got the time to give yourself a neck cramp, I recommend you start reading this book.
B0035F0MTG|5.0|One of the most thrilling discs by the younger generation -- an Argerich-like phosphorescence but more musical, less mannered.  The La Valse at the end is like chilled water poured down the spine, and the opening Stravinsky is pellucid, rhythmically taut but layered on a flexible and acute metric foundation. Recommended with highest ratings.    Two caveats: using the Scarlatti to separate the larger works dilutes the crystalline voice of Scarlatti -- better to group them at the beginning, as in a traditional recital.  Second, and more important, the choice of the Brahms is flawed, even deplorable in this scintillating -- these technically demanding but essentially unadventurous variations are long and tiring in their incessant 4/8 bar phrases.  It's a bit of a hollow spot in the otherwise splendid disc.    It would have been far more coherent for Ms Wang to program one of Chopin's exceptional single movement works (Barcarolle, Polonaise-Fantasie, etc), or one of the visionary works of Liszt, or, in our own century, Bartok, Frank Martin, Prokofiev, Ligeti, etc.    With all that talent, even genius, to burn, why oh why program Brahms?
B0038M2AZA|5.0|Had not ever heard of this movie. Hubby thought it looked interesting, so we watched it. One of the best movies I've seen, and so enlightening on what asperger's is like. I have 2 nephews with asperger's and a recently diagnosed friend, so good to get some insight on how they see the world. I cannot stop thinking about the movie, and we saw it 1-2 months ago. I am going to buy the video when it comes out to give to friends who I think would enjoy it. Loved the movie, and would highly recommend it.
B003KT3NRA|4.0|When I heard Vince Neil had a new album coming out, I have to admit I was anxious to hear it, since it's been so long since his last \\"Carved In Stone.\\"  I guess technically his last solo album was \\"Live...One Night Only,\\" but that was a (lame) live album of all Crue tunes, more or less.  So I had a lot of curiosity about TnT.<br /><br />Then I found out it would be almost all covers with only 2 originals and I was truly disappointed.  Covers albums at best are just OK--they're never anything to get too excited about.<br /><br />But, like the true Crue fan I am, I shelled out my $9.99 to hear Vince and 1/2 of Slaughter belt out a batch of covers.  Maybe it was my low expectations, but I have to say I'm surprised at how much I like the disc.  For one, Vince's voice sounds good.  This is clearly doctored up in the studio, because having seen him live recently on multiple occasions it's pretty clear he really struggles to hit the notes.  But on this recording, his voice sounds fantastic.  The rest of the band, Slaughter's Dana Strum on bass and Jeff Blando on guitar, along with Zoltan Chaney on drums, sound pretty darn good.<br /><br />The song selection is intriguing, too.  Not the same tired covers we've all heard on other rockers' covers albums.  Thankfully, Vince spared us yet another rendition of Hair of the Dog or Tie Your Mother Down.  Instead, he chooses some tunes seemingly out of left field.  In particular, Viva Las Vegas, while not my favorite on the disc, is interesting in its Zakk Wylde/Ozzy vibe.<br /><br />My faves on here include Aerosmith's \\"Nobody's Fault,\\" original \\"Another Bad Day,\\" and \\"AC/DC.\\"  All in all, it's a good disc.  I'd rather have a true Vince Neil solo disc full of original tunes, but this will suffice.
0446563048|5.0|When Tony Hsieh says in his book \\" Our goal at Zappos is for our employees to think of their work not as a job or career, but as a calling \\", a new kind of energy is created.  Greater results are happening. Tony and his team , did build something special. A company with a culture.
0375842209|5.0|The book was for my son he said it starts slow but picks up as he gets in the book
B0016Q2D5M|4.0|If you aren't a Brenden Fraser fan, stop right here and search for another film.<br /><br />If you are, you'll like \\"Journey\\".<br /><br />This is a good family film. We were able to watch it very comfortably with our 9 year old grand-daughter.<br /><br />The movie, which is about three people trapped far beneath the earth with prehistoric plants and creatures, is both exciting and funny. The main characters are all likable, and Brendan Fraser is at his charming and funny best.<br /><br />Sadly, even if you do all the work to correctly track down the 3D dvd version of this film and the 3D glasses. it won't do you much good. The home 3D presentation doesn't exactly jump off the screen at you, so my advice would be to skip the extra trouble and expense that I went through to that end.<br /><br />Suspension of disbelief is no greater for this 'follow-up' film than it was for the Verne book or for the original movie with James Mason and Pat Boone. The special effects are good, and the same solid dinosaurs about to eat people type that you've come to appreciate ever since Jurassic Park. The story is NOT meant to be a cover of the Verne book, it is sort of a sequel, in a way. That element of the movie was handled in a very interesting fashion.<br /><br />This is not the best movie you've ever seen, but it is enjoyable, and one of few you can enjoy with the family, so it does have value.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|I was instantly intrigued when I heard about this show. I went out and read the book before it premiered, and was hooked. Though I knew the show was going to be a bit different. I put it on season pass and my husband, teenage son, and I were immediatley hooked. There has only been one other show that all three of us watch together and that was 24. The premise of Flashforward is amazing and was saddened that the show was cancelled.
B000A0GXGA|5.0|UPDATE: Encore Westerns started showing Maverick from Episode 1 in early July 2008. As of the beginning of 2010, they have moved it to an early morning time slot in favor of showing The Virginian and Cheyenne on the late afternoon/early evening slot which Maverick occupied for 18 months. If you've never seen this show or missed some of them, be sure to set your DVR if you have one. *****************************************************************<br /><br />This is the role that made James Garner, and as much as I like his later work, for me he would never be this much fun to watch again (exception: Support Your Local Sheriff, but that was unquestionably written to capitalize on his Maverick role).<br /><br />I remembered liking Maverick when I was a kid, but after 40 odd years I didn't remember a single episode or plot line. I can't tell you what a pleasure it was to find this series resurrected on Good Life (Now American Life) TV. Sadly, after a few years ALTV abandoned the excellent B&W series they had been showing, and began airing very inferior color series from later years. Yep, I'll take Maverick and 77 Sunset Strip over Time Tunnel and Lost in Space .... EVERY time.<br /><br />However, when it aired on ALTV, discovering each episode's charm brought my wife and I months of entertainment, and expectation for the next week.<br /><br />Among some classic episodes to look for are:<br /><br />* \\"War of the Silver Kings\\", this is the first episode and unquestionably one of the best<br /><br />* \\"Gun Shy\\", an absolutely hilarious take off on Gun Smoke (on this DVD)<br /><br />* \\"A Fellow's Brother\\", an entertaining story throughout that made me fall out of my chair laughing when presented with the twist that resolved the crises<br /><br />* \\"Shady Day at Sunny Acres\\", in which Bret Maverick spends the majority of the episode in a rocking chair on the town's boardwalk, whittling and uttering the line, \\"I'm workin' on it\\" (on this DVD)<br /><br />* \\"Pappy\\", wherein you meet the originator of all of Bret's \\"My old Pappy used to say ...\\" lines. Garner of course plays dual roles in the episode and does a great job. (So the movie is only the 2nd time he got to play Bret's father!) (on this DVD)<br /><br />Part of this is a review I originally wrote on IMDB, including the part noting my favorite episodes. Evidently the creators of this collection share my tastes, as they included some of my list of favorites!lines. Garner of course plays dual roles in the episode and does a great job. (So the movie is only the 2nd time he got to play Bret's father!) (on this DVD)    Part of this is a review I originally wrote on IMDB, including the part noting my favorite episodes. Evidently the creators of this collection share my tastes, as they included some of my list of favorites!
B001DF68MA|4.0|I love this and so does my 1 year old the only thing I wasnt happy with is the buckles on the chair.  On the picture online it shows thick straps that buckle like a carseat.  The actual straps on this chair are thin and only have on buckle between the legs. I just wish I would have recieved exactly what the picture shows.
0893860220|5.0|I read this book years ago and it is fabulous to say the least.  It explains, indirectly, filling that empty space within with your own Truth, not someone else's....  It also explains Genuine Self Love, something most of us were not taught while growing up.  I've purchased the book for my brother.  Every individual will receive their own personal weight in 'Gold' after reading this book. It speaks to all.  It's worth the wait.   :)
B003JSU2NU|5.0|What can We say,mother and daughter both loved the soundtrack and of course the movie!
0316143472|5.0|\\"When You Are Engulfed in Flames\\" is a book that I had to read straight through. His humor either grabs you and beats you silly until you pee your pants, or else you just don't get \\"it\\". Thank goodness I get \\"it\\". Maybe I am as warped as David is, but hey, that's ok. I highly recommend this book. The world is rough out there, and you need a laugh. This book is full of laughs, giggles, and snarfs. Buy it, you'll want to reread this book.
B002P5XXR0|5.0|I was enchanted with the Avatar music when I watched the movie the first time. James Horner's music is wonderful and I've collected many of the soundtracks he's composed.
B002XMGGK6|3.0|It's got a few twists and some stomach-turning violence and it's just another revenge flick in the end. And the end is so boring to boot. When a movie starts off with the killing and rape of the hero's loved ones, it really doesn't matter much what's next: the writer has already signified that he's lazy.<br /><br />Add some good actors (Meaney, Butler) and a fair actor trying way too hard (Foxx), saddle them with some insipid dialogue, kill a bunch of people, add a dash of torture porn, throw in some half-baked cries for justice, and bake at 350 for 108 minutes.<br /><br />Remove and let sit and realize you're looking at something that really ain't very tasty.
0743289692|4.0|Hirsi Ali presented a compelling story of her upbringing in the context of Somalia's social and cultural milieu, aspects of which shock and disgust our Western sensibilities. Her deft description of the liberal EU refugee/immigration mechanisms and process serves as the basis for later critiques of what she deemed to be misguided neo-liberal policies that downplayed the dangers of conservative Muslim beliefs and cultural practices. While her championing of personal dignity and rights is immensely commendable, her account of certain events resulting from her naivete and apparently disingenuous provocation of actions against her suggests also a certain insistent combative sensibility on her part.
B003O9I85S|5.0|Okay--I'll get right to the point. With 20 minutes of disc space left on disc 1, WHY did they NOT include the 12\\" version of Take On Me and the US club mix of The Sun Always Shines on TV on this compilation as bonus tracks??? There are literally dozens of bonus tracks on this collection, and despite both of the mentioned mixes being available on some 80s compilations, it would have been nice to have this one definitive collection of this hugely successful A-ha album.<br /><br />That aside, now onto the good news, beginning with disc 1. You get pretty much every other 12\\" mix from this album, including the 12\\" versions of Train of Thought, Hunting High and Low AND the super rare `extended' version of The Sun Always Shines on TV. This is awesome from a collector's perspective because the US Club Mix is a little over the top, weighed down by a heavy dance beat that kind of drowns out the power the song already has, so I've always preferred the album mix.  In essence, the version hear is an extended album mix, with key parts moved around. For instance, this extended version does NOT begin with the vocal intro of the original album version. It starts with the synth build up that follows the original vocal intro instead, and then there's a bunch of instrumental filler with the rhythm track in place, and THEN the vocal intro is presented before moving into the rest of the song. This reorganization just doesn't work and I'd still rather listen to the smooth flow of the album version. The only other bonus track on disc 1 is the original version of Take On Me that was released as a single in 84 and bombed--and you can hear why. It's almost unlistenable. Alan Tarney did an amazing job re-imagining tony mansfield's original production (Mansfield, a great producer of new wave songs, seems to have forgotten it was no longer 1981 and he was no longer a member of New Musik when he produced this song 3 years later).<br /><br />As for disc 2, it's loaded with demos(I personally am not a big fan of demos), but there are plenty of other b-sides and previously unreleased tracks as well. There's nothing of the quality of the album tracks, but there are a couple of fun throwaway 80s synthpop tracks to be found.demos), but there are plenty of other b-sides and previously unreleased tracks as well. There's nothing of the quality of the album tracks, but there are a couple of fun throwaway 80s synthpop tracks to be found.
0385736002|4.0|I keep flip-flopping between giving this 3 stars or 4. I enjoyed it, and obviously kept reading it. But I wouldn't exactly dub it a nail biter, nor was it difficult for me to put down and take care of other things (like my kids). So, in the end I decided to round up and give it 4. The thing I did thoroughly enjoy was the historical content within the novel.  I love how he based some of the main characters from real people, weaving in mythological legends, then sprucing it up with his own imagination.  I could see my boys really enjoying it in a few years, and it is a clean read without language, or innuendos. While I'm not rushing out to buy it now, I'll probably continue reading the rest of the series.
B00005JLEU|5.0|I am 35 now, and \\"Spirited Away\\" remains my favorite movie, nearly 10 years after its release.  I have watched this DVD over 100 times.  During a prolonged illness in 2005-2006, I did my best to continue working full-time, and I could do this by remembering what was awaiting me when I got home, and what would keep me company after my family went to bed and I remained in the living room, in too much pain to sleep: the most incredible world ever conceived, where, by watching, I actually felt temporarily free of pain and fear, as though the Yuya bathhouse- in attendance to so many gods- was also tending to me.<br />Many people have told me that they prefer \\"Howl's Moving Castle\\" to \\"Spirited Away.\\"  I love Howl, and the many other movies Miyazaki has made from European stories and/or influences.  But the thing that makes \\"Spirited Away\\" such a supreme work is that it remains in and of Japan.<br />I am an American man, and perhaps American motifs have lost some of their appeal as they have naturally saturated every aspect of our art and media... as an anime fan, it was probably inevitable that I developed a fondness for (\\"My\\") Japan- the Japan I have come to perceive by studying, reading, watching, etc. etc. etc.....<br />Here Miyazaki has created a world which embodies so much of that distinct, distant Japanese character- as perceived by an American who has never (yet) been to Japan- and retains something unique, singular and profound... I will always be grateful for this movie!
1596912863|5.0|originally posted at: [...]<br /><br />Shannon Hale is most well-known for her YA novels, but her first foray into adult novels does not disappoint. Jane is a hopeless addict of Pride and Prejudice, most notably the BBC's rendition with Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy. Her great-aunt discovers Jane's obsession and, with a wisdom born from long years of not recognizing love herself, bequeaths a three week vacation to Austenland, a role-playing resort where people -- most notably women -- immerse themselves into Jane Austen's England and an extended stay at Pembrook Park.<br /><br />Ms. Hale has a refreshing voice -- this is a light, entertaining read perfect for any time the reader wants to get away for a while. The characters, even minor ones, are richly drawn and, even though I'm - ahem -- a little older than Jane, I could still empathize with her luck with her \\"boyfriends\\" and relationship issues. There were some laugh-out-loud moments such as Ms. Hale's description of Great-Aunt Caroline's lawyer, who reminded Jane of a frog:<br /><br />He was saying something in lawyer-ese, but Jane was distracted. She was trying to figure out what besides the measured blinking made him seem so amphibious. His taut, shiny complexion, she decided. And his eyes being so wide apart. And his salad green tone. (Okay, he wasn't actually green, but the rest was true).<br /><br />I kept interrupting my husband's reading to share parts with him -- to the extent he finally put down his own book and just listened to me read and giggle. The romance -- who will she wind up with -- the gardener, the gentleman, anyone? Without giving anything away (this is a romance after all), I can let you know you won't be disappointed.<br /><br />Austenland drops a modern woman into the world of the Regency house party and the fun begins. If you love Jane Austen's books, the movies, or just a fun romance, Austenland is one book you shouldn't miss.
0307474712|5.0|[[ASIN:0307474712 One Day (Vintage Contemporaries Original)]] by David Nicholls is now the official book I will recommend for Summer Reading 2010.  Which to some people may sound strange, since it is not a light read that will vanish from your thoughts the moment you finish it.  The exact opposite is true.  It's the literary equivalent of getting your kids to eat their vegetables.  You gobble up this delightful book, without realizing until you're almost finished, how spectacular the writing is, and that the story is much deeper than your typical boy meets girl scenario.  This book has a fresh concept (tell the story of two central characters- Dexter and Emma- on the exact same day, every year, for 20 years. We witness the start of their friendship in their young twenties, when they are idealistic and their lives stretch ahead of them with such promise, and catch snippets of their lives for the next twenty years. You will hold your breath waiting on the \\"will they or won't they ever get together or are they doomed to keep missing their chance\\" with wrong things uttered, or thoughts not said aloud on July 15th every year.  The writing is vivid and captivating.  The author brought both Dex and Em to life, flaws (which Dexter, in particular, had a boatload of) and all.  This book is heartbreaking and hilarious all at once, and the best story about friendship I have ever read.  Because the heart of this story is really about the lasting bonds of a true best friend.  There is a sentence in this book, towards the end, that I've gone back to and read several times since finishing this book.  It's a short sentence, that stopped me cold simply because it was perfect.  I don't think you will have a hard time figuring out which sentence I'm referring to when you read this book.  The book has blurbs from several authors inside it, and I think Tony Parsons said it best with, \\"Every reader will fall in love with it.  And every writer will wish they had written it.\\"  So true.  Thepositive side of not having written this, is that we get to read it without any notion of how it's going to go and experience the full emotional punch this story has to offer. This is obviously a story that Mr. Nicholls, and Mr. Nicholls alone, was born to tell.    Noreen Riley is the author of [[ASIN:1602644284 A Funny Thing Happened On The Way To Her Brother's Shotgun Wedding]].
B0039ZF89G|3.0|The Rolling Stones are obviously one of the greatest rock bands. Exile On Main St. is one of the crown jewels of their discography. So if you are going to do a deluxe package - it should indeed be DELUXE.     Adding a 30-ishmin version of the \\"Stones in Exile\\" DVD vs. the later released 151 min DVD is in poor taste and really sort of a ripoff to fans. I bought the box thinking it would be a great DELUXE set and one-stop shop for all things Exile, including the documentary about the circumstances of recorded this great album. Instead I feel like I'd been cheated.
B00005QW5X|5.0|This movie is truly amazing and an inspiration! I love each and every scene, and the beautiful music is so heart wrenching, and it touches you so deeply. You feel instantly how Hedwig feels, and you can't help but sing along and be really moved. It has definitely left a lasting impression on my mind and heart. I never felt more, or have been made to think like this movie has made me. I loved it so much and you will too! A definite must buy for those who consider themselves different, or are finding themselves and/or love a very memorable musical!
1552091090|5.0|This is NOT a sad book, but very touching.  It brought my Mother and I to tears the first time we read it 20+ years ago.  Because we were shopping two hours from home, my dad refused to let us have it in the car for the drive back - he put it in the trunk so we would stop looking at it and crying!  My son was very young at the time and I bought it for him.  He is 27 years old and still remembers the book today.  He will surely buy it for his children some day!    It is poignant without being heavy.  My Mom just recently bought this book for my 50-yr-old brother's birthday gift.  It brought that strong blue-collared man to tears too!  It says so much in so few pages.  A child's book, yes, but for adults also.  Every household should have this book!    People who tagged this book negatively (stalking, odd, depression, mentally ill) must have truly lost touch with their emotions . . . I find nothing negative between its pages!  Maybe it's my upbringing, but I have never been afraid to show emotion!
B0039SFKSW|5.0|I've been a fan of ASIA from the very beginning. There isn't a song they produced that I don't have. I've followed them through the different members of the band including Payne. The only thing that I'm going to say about JP is that I respect what he brought to the table and I have all the Asia CD's with him. I think some of the music was brilliant particularly on Arena and Aura. That being said...regardless of the contractual agreement he has with the original members of Asia, I'd prefer he NOT use the Asia name. I'd follow his work anyway as I did with Wetton's solo music, Geoff's music, plus Palmer's and Howe's. Why? Because he was part of Asia and I liked the music.   OK. Moving on. I can not tell you how happy I am that the original members are back together. They were and are my absolute favorite. I like ALL of the music they put out. Some more than others but I like ALL of it. I was so excited when I got my first CD player because I wore out my cassette tapes a couple of times. Usually I will get a new release and listen to it a few times to pick out my favorites and make a CD that has my favorites. This gets updated/extended with each release. (Note: I keep Wetton songs separate from Payne songs...thus 2 CD's)I've listened to Omega now for the 10th time today (just got it today) and I have to say that this is really hard to do. All the songs are REALLY GOOD!!! The songs I selected though were Holy War, Listen Children, There was a Time, and I Believe.  The new CD's that I am creating will also include favorites from the 3 Icon releases as well as Wetton's solo stuff. I think his best were the Battle Lines and Arkangel CD's.  I can't wait to see them when they get to Raleigh next month. And I'm looking forward to MORE!!!!!!!! PLEASE!!!!!!!
B002ZG9846|5.0|Simply put I read the comic before seeing the movie. I don't expect to see exactly what I read and enjoyed the movie for what is was... entertainment.  This is not Citizen Kane.  It is an comedy action movie made to shock at times and over the top on purpose.  It is nice to see something that is edgy compared to the PC garbage that is pumped out weekly from Hollywood. Ultimately, it is filmed well, acted decently and fun.  Don't expect movie making history, just suspend reality and enjoy.  Most 1 star reviews of this movie on here are people spouting their own political views rather than trying to sit back and watch a movie for what it is.
075640407X|3.0|I bought this book considering all the good reviews it received, but I have to say I am slightly disappointed. It's not a bad book by any means, and something you might want to pick up if you have the time, but it suffers from certain choices Rothfuss makes that I don't quite understand.    The author incorporates an Arabian Nights like story-telling structure where the main character Kvothe narrates his early days inside the framework of current events. The frequent breakup of the chapters allows Rothfuss to highlight many complex ideas into light, and a lot of times this works well. It's important to understand that Kvothe is narrating his past, so some of the flaws in how certain characters are portrayed are understandable and expected from a bias storyteller. Yet, I fail to see why a legend of this magnitude would emphasize and dwell on so much about his lack of money while in the University, his inability of find Demma, and his ongoing rivalry with Ambrose. If there is some truth in the stories told about him, then I would have expected him to get on with his story.    Another flaw that I bothers me, while related to the first, is the lack of a satisfactory ending. I know this is the first book of a trilogy, but I expected the author to loosen some of the ends and/or get somewhere with the story. This book does neither and suffers a great chance to wrap up the first third of the story.    Considering this is the first book of the series, I had expected the author to spend more time describing the setting of the world Kvothe lives in. How about some of the relatively known history of the world? How about the geography? Why is the University called THE University? These are just some of the questions I felt Rothfuss could have explored a bit more.    Otherwise in my opinion Rothfuss have written quite a solid book. I am disappointed because the author have squandered a perfect opportunity to write one of the best books in the genre.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This is a great movie as it is but the blu-ray quality really helps take it a step above.  I have a samsung 40\\" lcd 120hz tv with matching surround sound and the whole experience just blew me away.  I liked Batman Begins but this movie really turned me into the fan that I wasn't before.  Even if I didn't have the surround sound I would have loved the movie, but it does take it to a new level.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I just started this DVD today. I don't have a lot of time because I am a nurse that works 60 hours per week and has four children.I rate this 4/5 stars only because I think it is actually too hard for a beginner and it should maybe start with a level even lower than it does. I'm not fat but am very untone and need work. I'm starting today weighing 136 lbs, we'll see what I weigh every 10 days, i'll be eating a 1200 calorie diet as well. I've been done for 40 minutes and am still shaking and in pain. Michelle
0609610570|5.0|I have talked about execution for years and this book made me re-think what I have been talking about. I saw the best of my past execution with the added insights of practical examples. Business success in the current environment will be based on these concepts. If business management does not do these things and do them well future success of those business units will be tentative at best. I'm a believer.
B003LAH7MU|5.0|This album reminds me of why I loved Sting's music for so long. Although I have to admit that his latest albums were no my favorites of his discography but now this CD makes me want to cue up all my Sting tracks on my iPod. I know the concept of the symphony accompaniment sounds gimmicky but Sting never lets it fall into sugary and muzak-y. There's surprising strenght and power to each song so much so that I sometimes didn't even notice that it was not your usual pop/rock combination. But then Sting has always been encouraging his listners to expand their horizons: reggae, jazz, lute, etc.     Now some tracks sound very close to the originals like \\"Englishman In New York\\" and \\"She's Too Good For Me.\\" But the truly lovely tracks are those that take different paths from the originals: \\"Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic,\\" \\"Roxanne\\" and \\"We Work The Black Seam Together,\\" which is my favorite of the set. Another feature that makes this collection so incredible is that Sting decides not to plum his big hits for the symphnoic treatment and instead opts for some rarities, such as the wonderful \\"I Burn For You.\\" Also included are two B-Sides that I admit I don't have but are very beautiful songs none the less: \\"The End Of The Game\\" and \\"The Pirate's Bride.\\" He also includes the song from \\"Cold Mountain,\\" \\"You Will Be My Ain True Love,\\" which is nice to have as well. I for one wouldn't mind seeing a follow-up to this album, Sting certainly has the material  for this kind of project.
B00004RHZU|3.0|I own this cd and I'm listening to the full thing so I figured I'd write a review. I have this cd for the songs I listened to as a child on the radio; There You Go, You Make Me Sick and Most Girls. Split Personality and Stop Falling are both good songs as well but other then that, the album is basicly repetative upbeat stuff that basicly sounds the same.    It's safe to say she's grown so much as a musician from this album but except for her radio hits this cd isn't worth buying.
B00275EHJQ|3.0|ATTENTION: This review contains a slight plot description in the second paragraph. If you wish to approach this film with limited information simply skip the second paragraph as it is merely describes the elementary elements of the tale.<br /><br />Nearly a decade after its predecessor, literally and virtually, the pals at Pixar have released the sequel to the greatest sequel in animation history. With sequels, especially in the case of animation, the question is not if the sequel is as successful as its predecessor, but does it improve upon the original.<br /><br />Toy Story true to its humble story takes place years after the second installment, with Andy going to college. The toys have not been played with for years, but are still loyal to him. Even if Andy leaves, they are sure that they will at the least be stored in the attic. A conclusion that they are content with because all the toys will still be together. As these idea backfires, they are sent to a seemingly nice daycare center where they are promised that they will be played with each day. Though everyone is enthusiastic about having fun with children, Woody warns them that as Andy's toys they are responsible for returning back to him. The other toys who have found Any unfaithful, at this point, see no reason to dismiss this toy heaven and return to Andy's house and be eventually locked in the attic. As Woody leaves the gang to return to his owner, the bitter reality of the daycare starts to set in for our other toys.<br /><br />This franchise has built enough diverse and identifiable characters that it has no worry in enticing their emotions or through them enticing the feelings of the audience. In retrospect, these characters seem decisively well though out, even for Pixar. Their ability to make such characters and grant them such different, diverse personalities, while even maintaining stable romantic relationships between these toys. For example, gaze at the attraction between Buzz and Jessie, an attraction that does not seem obvious-for Woody's presence-but is understatedly fitting after close observation. It also shows Pixar's guts at avoiding the obvious Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head  pairing between Jessie and Woody. As a result, unless Pixar had taken an extremely troublesome route in approaching this project, Toy Story 3 would have still been the grand ending to a magnificent trilogy for the presence of these characters is gives the film's toys.<br /><br />Unfortunately, there is nothing new about Toy Story 3, even though many may persuade you to think otherwise. Simply think of the main conflicts and villains in each installment, and view the similarity between all three segments: In the first film, the main conflict was based on the toy-demolisher Sid, in the second, in the second film, the villain was the toy collector Al, and in the third, the enemy is another toy. On a superficial these villains may seem diverse, they are basically the same villain in different forms. In addition, each escape/rescue mission is nearly identical. Though these films are aimed to the younger generations, and such plot deficiencies go unnoticed, Pixar has shown itself more than capable in weaving complex and mind-blowing original works-with Wall-E and Monster Inc frontrunners.<br /><br /> Toy Story 3 does hold up to its predecessors, but in the process shows the folly of the entire Toy Story Saga. As a whole Toy Story may seem complex, but with scrutiny it becomes clear that this tale of toys is relatively simple, at times oversimplified to such a degree that only the brilliant voice-over-work can redeem it from it abysmal condition. This is not to say that Toy Story loses its entertainment value after repeated viewing, a fact that many families would swear by, but it is among Pixar's least fascinating tales. It may be highly imaginative, and for sure the kiddies enjoy it for its whimsical nature, but Pixar seems unable to alter this film in such a way that it turn out to be more than surface entertainment-at least for adult audiences. Another issue with the film is its presentation in 3-D. With Avatar it seemed safe to say that 3-D had taken a turn for the best, but with Toy Story it takes an unfortunate slide of quality for the worst. 3-D is usually advertised as \\"Eye-popping,\\" but there is not one moment where this description fits. Even in the worst cases, 3-D at least grants the viewer certain depth in his or her viewing experience. When even the depth is lacking, what can be said of the 3-D format of the film?<br /><br />None of the films from the Toy Story trilogy can be regarded as the definitive Pixar products, but their popularity and critical approval proves that they contain the magnetism to win over youngster and adults. As many issues that this collective series may encompass, it must be admitted that the Director, cast, and animation are so beguiling to wash all these problems away, and present an enjoyable rides with our fellow toys.st for adult audiences. Another issue with the film is its presentation in 3-D. With Avatar it seemed safe to say that 3-D had taken a turn for the best, but with Toy Story it takes an unfortunate slide of quality for the worst. 3-D is usually advertised as \\"Eye-popping,\\" but there is not one moment where this description fits. Even in the worst cases, 3-D at least grants the viewer certain depth in his or her viewing experience. When even the depth is lacking, what can be said of the 3-D format of the film?    None of the films from the Toy Story trilogy can be regarded as the definitive Pixar products, but their popularity and critical approval proves that they contain the magnetism to win over youngster and adults. As many issues that this collective series may encompass, it must be admitted that the Director, cast, and animation are so beguiling to wash all these problems away, and present an enjoyable rides with our fellow toys.
B00275EGWY|1.0|Not once did I become emotionally invested in the characters in this movie. There is no exposition of the characters, no development of a story line. I think you would find more drama and interest in a well done news piece on the war. The characters are poorly written, we know nothing about them, they are just \\"soldiers\\". I can appreciate the attempt at detail for a soldier's life in Iraq but for a movie to succeed, it still needs a story and interesting characters.  We never get a sense or where they are, what city, or anything about the local population. The movie is shot \\"hand held\\" style with fast \\"news footage\\" like zooms and shots and this tend to keep the viewing oscillating between feeling its a documentary versus a dramatic presentation.    People die /explode on cue right when you expect them to, not because of the story, not because of random chance, but to simply shock the audience and make you go \\"oh\\".
1552095258|5.0|If you want to make your own canoe paddles than this is a book you will want to own.  Covers many designs and has detailed instructions on how to make them.
1416550550|4.0|The forgotten garden is initially a hard read as there are three different lives/tales that are being told and no real intro into the fact the they are all different.  It takes the first 100 pages or so before one can really grasp all three stories.  The stories are all intertwined it turns out and while I do not like the fact that much of the ending is \\"given\\" away before the end of the book, it does recoup a little by making that ending a little more complex then one first believes.  I will say that, at least to me, I was able to guess the ending correctly, roughly 100 pages before the book/story got there.  So I wish there was a little more drama, but generally enjoyed the story.
B000002PEP|4.0|To me, this is kind of the sister album to Endless Boogie. ALthough, not as much boogie blues, it retains some of the same live-in-the-studio-jammin feel to it and it came out in the early 70s. As usual, this album is dismissed by the critics because it doesn't have his most noteable songs on it. If you want some more Hooker in the same style as Endless Boogie, you'll probably like this.
B003GO8N10|3.0|I purchased this EP out of curiosity and because Moby's Wait for Me album continues to be one of my favorites a year after purchasing it. My interest was also due to the fact that the song  \\"Gone to Sleep\\" was created by Moby and Kelli Scarr over just a few days as an NPR project song.  While I like the individual songs the song selection and order here is odd even for an EP.  There are three variations of the original \\"Wait For Me\\" on this EP.  The radio edit is mostly just a shorter version of the original while the \\"Ambient\\"  and \\"Moby's Tape\\"  mixes of \\"Wait for Me\\" are suitable for quiet listening or for dancing as one would expect. The acoustic version of \\"One Time We Lived\\" is here but not the original which I wish was included as well.  There is an acoustic version of \\"Gone to Sleep\\" which I dowloaded for free from Moby's website and included in my customized  Wait for Me EP playlist.<br /><br />The NPR story about the creation of \\"Gone to Sleep\\" is wonderful and worth viewing. This will let you to see whether you prefer the original or the acoustic version of \\"Gone to Sleep\\".  The NPR story is easy to locate.  Search Suggestion:  Moby and Kelli Scarr NPR project song
B003954I9C|5.0|This is on of the best CDs i have ever owned. The songs are catchy and meaningful and AJ's voice is sensational!
B003LAH7MU|3.0|There is no question about the melodic appeal Sting has shown within his music on his solo career for 25 years, since he made his debut album, The Dream Of The Blue Turtles back in 1985. He has experimented beautifully with Jazz, R&B, and Pop music very universally for 25 successful years, after his years of being the frontman of The Police. But, the past sevral, Sting has taken his solo efforts to a more Orchestral turn, with his music with Songs From The Labrynith in 2006, his Holiday Album If On A Winters Night last year, and now he has decided to set to set his solo standards in full motion in Classical music, on his own success and with The Police. That has shown in his latest album.<br /><br />Symphonicities, Sting's latest album, takes on his solo works, as well as a few of his big hits with The Police, into a more orchestral motion in these recordings. Some of the songs recorded are actually brilliant in a way they've been redesigned like the intimate version of Roxanne that feels more stripped doen into a mood-shattering cry of itself that works well, and the simplicity of re-working When We Dance which was from his solo hits record Fields Of Gold back in 1994. The recording here are deeply striking at times on some of the closet songs to his solo works like Englishman In New York, but the one big gripe about the album is the lack of Sting using some of his bigger solo hits not beings released on this album. I was honestly surprised that he didn't include his big solo hits like If I Ever Lose My Faith In You, Russians and All This Time from The Soul Cages. It could've brought in more od a deep mood that captured the way Sting re-recorded his biggest standards.<br /><br />All in all, Symphonicities was a great concept for Sting, but the lack of his biggest songs being re-worked lacked a strong appeal for this album. It is a great buy for hard core Sting fans, but not a must buy for anyone who doesn't own any of Sting's big works or his albums from his era with The Police. While Sting does give it his all in symphony, it just felt like a not that really was not a B Sharp, but a C Flat Note.<br /><br />Album Cover: B<br /><br />Songs: C+<br /><br />Price: C-<br /><br />Mastering: B-<br /><br />Overall: C+hile Sting does give it his all in symphony, it just felt like a not that really was not a B Sharp, but a C Flat Note.    Album Cover: B    Songs: C+    Price: C-    Mastering: B-    Overall: C+
B002JE43O4|5.0|This is one of those 'must have' sets from the Battlestar Galactica series.  The climactic ending is amazing enough - deeply thought provoking and the episodes manage to tie of most of the many threads from the series.  But add to all that three extended episodes that those of us outside the US have never seen and the set is worth every penny.  As usual, the extended versions carry scenes (more than the 'deleted scene' extras) that are highly illuminating and add further texture to both characters and plot.    Then, adding to these pleasures comes a delightful colour booklet containing 32 pages on 11 of the 12 Cylons (Ellen is deliberately missing) and the 'piece de resistance' - a set of metal William Adama dog tags with their chain!  A great gift set and if you are a lover of the series, it's an essential item.      Oh yes, and there's a good sneak peak at The Plan too...
B003A4IFGY|5.0|Tom Petty is working in a style vastly different from when he was a radio star.  I think the reasons for this are multi-layered.  First, I don't think the Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers of albums like Damn the Torpedoes and Hard Promises was the real Petty.  I believe those were products of very smart producers who realized that radio anthems made stars.  And they were right.  The genre that Petty is working now is, I believe, where he has really been throughout his career.  I've searched through many of the other reviews here, looking for the connection that I believe is driving the sound on this record, and haven't seen it.  I believe the connection to be with Dylan, and his recent work, which is in the folk/blues tradition.  If you have listened to recent Dylan, the echoes in Mojo are all over the place.  The songs are blues driven, that is correct, but they are in a style first exploited to great effect by Dylan, at least for this listener.  I am sure there are other artists working this field, which I consider to be classic American music (John Hiatt might be one, but I'm not quite positive), but this album is clearly influenced by what Dylan is doing.  The interesting thing is that the Heartbreakers are a better band than the band assembled by Dylan.      The problem for fans, and I understand their pain, is that there are no anthemic, shout along choruses to these songs.  In fact, there are hardly any choruses at all.  This is a vernacular that allows Petty to work with words and the band to work with sounds that are so distant from Refugee that in many ways it is hard to believe it to be the same band.  But for those who appreciate the genre that Petty is working here, American traditional folk blues, this album is a must have.  For those looking for the fist pumping shout out choruses of The Waiting, this is not going to do the trick.  And to be honest, I don't think that particular Tom Petty will be coming back any time soon.  So, five stars, but not foreveryone.
B003U51DP8|5.0|FlashForward is one of the most original and intelligent network dramas I have ever seen. The pilot is action packed, suspenseful and thought provoking. The premise is brilliant and has unlimited potential.  No wonder this show is a global hit!
0399156577|4.0|Good book.  Enjoyed the characters and the story.  Well-written.  A book you hate to put down.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|FlashForward is a captivating, action-packed, science fiction drama with an absolutely brilliant premise.  The global blackout sets the stage for thought-provoking mystery and suspense.  Who isn't tempted to contemplate the consequences of seeing a glimpse into the future?  Some welcome the future, while others dread and try to avoid what they saw.    It's no surprise this intriguing drama is a global hit!  Every episode is thoroughly entertaining and the cast is outstanding:  Joseph Fiennes, Sonya Walger, John Cho, Dominic Monaghan, Courtney B. Vance, Christine Woods, Gabrielle Union, James Callis...Wow what an ensemble!  Congratulations to the entire cast and crew of FlashForward for receiving 3 Prime-Time Emmy nominations!
B000002AV5|5.0|I bought The Best of Sade on cassette a while back to listen to a few of their more popular songs and I have to say, this is one of the best 'greatest hits' albums I have ever purchased! I love literally every single song on the tape, and have subsequently worn it down to the point where I decided to repurchase these songs on CD. Sade's voice is stunning, and when combined with her talented band these songs are breathtakingly deep and soulful. I would recommend The Best of Sade to anyone who thinks \\"Smooth Operator\\" is their only good song.
0385504225|4.0|As I stated in my title... I liked this book but I didnt love it. I loved DaVinci Code and then Angels and Demons...but this one I liked the least of the three. NOW... let me state that the history and conspiracy theories in this book are captivating. I love the detail. On the other hand as i read this book it began to drown in the details and I would loose sight of what the plot was. I honestly feel like what he wrote in approx 500 pages could have easily been done in 350 pages. It felt like he spent half the book in the basement of the capital talking about each brick. That is the best way I can describe the endless details that will cause a reader to skim pages and lose interest. People will buy this book because it is the sequel with Robert Langdon. The only thing I can promise is that they will come away shaking their heads trying to process all the details and information.
1932100660|2.0|This needn't be a back and forth of opinion.  Here is a transparent assessment of some of the underlying data:    [...]    As a trained engineer who has done research, I always trust what the raw data reveals more than the interpretation of an advocate.  I know the China study is revered.  But that doesn't mean it is a correct interpretation of the data.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|Darren Aronofsky follows his stunning debut film ' with this brilliant, electrified look at addiction.  What will be long remembered, is the stupendous, raw, brilliant, performance of Ellen Burstyn as a lonely, plump, widowed mother hooked on diet pills and TV.  Jared Leto is her son and Jennifer Connelly is his beautiful girlfriend.  Marlon Wayans is Jared's best friend.<br /><br />Based on the acclaimed novel by Hubert Selby, this deeply disturbing film adaptation burns itself into your heart and mind as these four individuals become possessed by something beyond themselves where their dreams become nightmares of dark desire.<br /><br />The disc is a very crisp transfer with a multitude of special features that include two commentary tracks, one by director Aronofsky and another by cinematographer Matthew Libatique.  In addition, Ellen Burstyn interviews author Selby, there's a making-of documentary, deleted scenes with commentary, anatomy of a scene, production notes and more. Highly recommended.  F
B0013FFMOK|5.0|This is a super intense movie at every turn. It didn't feel like one of those cookie cutter Hollywood movies. It was fast paced and action packed. The story line was a bit out there, but that was okay by me. It's great for the entire family. No cursing, nudity or gross scenes. I highly recommend this movie. Ciao
B002ZG997M|5.0|I believe this is one of Denzel's best moviies.  I certainly hopes he gets nominated for this role as a quiet yet deadly character whose sole job is to protect this precious book that everyone wants in his/her possession.  The well-made plot unfolds with a twister at the end!!!  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good plot that keeps you on your toes.
B000W4KT64|5.0|I ordered a new copy of Hair Spray for my granddaughter's birthday and it arrived with in a few days and was perfect. I definitely will order movies again.
0684857219|5.0|For less than the price of one hour with a personal trainer I got some of the most helpful advice I ever have received to build more strength. I particularly liked the tips that corrected what I was doing wrong with certain exercises I had been doing for years. The plateau I had hit with my workouts vanished after reading this.
B00008EY9G|5.0|True story, for those who are interested; when I saw this film upon it's theatrical release I was literally scared senseless since the theater was having electrical problems and the lights in the entire theater were flickering on and off through then entire movie.  The sound was distorted and the speakers kept cracking on us, and I saw this in a rinky-dink theater that was probably near being condemned (I've since moved, so I'm not sure if it is still there or not) so it all added to the atmosphere that is created so vividly in this film.  Some may balk at the `rainy night' setting and claim it is an overused clich&eacute;, but that clich&eacute; is rarely used to such brilliant effect.<br /><br />Leave all the `flaws' at the door since this film more than makes up for them in sheer terror.<br /><br />The film is a nice twist on the typical `standard' horror film, and while the twist has been spoiled by everyone and their mother, I am determined to remain silent on the midway reveal as well as the final ending `shocker' that took my by surprise.<br /><br />The story revolves around a group of strangers who band together in a dusty old hotel while they strain to survive a killer in their midst.  They are picked off one by one and they are all determined to find out who is behind the slaughter, but pin-pointing the culprit is harder than it looks.<br /><br />Blink and you may die.<br /><br />The cast works well within their character definitions (which is important to the flow of the story and the eventual revelations at bay) to create something organic within all the horror.  John Cusack (an actor who gets slightly more respect and admiration than I deem neccisary) is actually very solid here, anchoring the films moral center without ever appearing to be the natural spout of clarity.  He is a subtle, yet profound look at the `good' in us all.  Ray Liotta is his normal clich&eacute;d self, but at least he is offset by the other actors around him.  Amanda Peet is a diamond in the rough as far as I am concerned.  I kind of love her in everything she does, even though I know that she needs to work out her acting bugs.  I can't wait till she masters the talent she so obviously possesses.  Clean DuVall is a standout for me here, mainly because the `scarred teenage girl' routine is overdone so much in these films that it was nice to see her completely OWN it so effortlessly.  It felt fresher than it should have.<br /><br />And Rebecca De Mornay was a total treat.<br /><br />In the end, `Identity' has enough atmosphere to keep you in nightmares for days.  It is dripping with natural fear factor, and the tweaked script allows the audience to feel two very distinct types of fear; the kind that comes from scary things creeping in the night, and the kind that comes from scary thoughts bouncing around in your head.e her in everything she does, even though I know that she needs to work out her acting bugs.  I can't wait till she masters the talent she so obviously possesses.  Clean DuVall is a standout for me here, mainly because the `scarred teenage girl' routine is overdone so much in these films that it was nice to see her completely OWN it so effortlessly.  It felt fresher than it should have.    And Rebecca De Mornay was a total treat.    In the end, `Identity' has enough atmosphere to keep you in nightmares for days.  It is dripping with natural fear factor, and the tweaked script allows the audience to feel two very distinct types of fear; the kind that comes from scary things creeping in the night, and the kind that comes from scary thoughts bouncing around in your head.
067101756X|5.0|Book was recommended by a friend and I was worried I would no longer be able to find a copy. I was thrilled to find it at Amazon and the vendor did a good job getting it to me ASAP. Thanks.
B0029SCFE0|5.0|`Oldeuboi' tells the twisted tale of a man named Dae-su Oh who is imprisoned for fifteen years with no understanding as to why only to be released suddenly, left to ponder the realities of his situation while seeking unlawful revenge on the man who stole such a large chunk of his life from him.<br /><br />I don't even want to begin to hint at the films final revelations, for they are best served as a complete surprise.<br /><br />Oh, but how delicious is heated debate, so I'm going to do my best to elaborate as ambiguously as possible here.<br /><br />The film is a total morality tale, but it is, in the end, something completely devoid of all morals.  The character of Dae-su Oh is a drunk and a disorderly man (as witnessed by the opening scene as well as by news reports overheard shortly thereafter).  He has left a long trail of enemies (he himself finds it most difficult to narrow down the list of suspects in his search for his captor) and has cataloged a long list of personal failings on his part.  He is, as he put it himself, nothing more than a beast.  The thing is, when all is said and done, Dae-su Oh seems very human to the audience.  When you take someone who is reportedly undesirable and then do awful things to them they become somewhat sympathetic, don't they?  If you doubt my words then ask yourself why you don't hate him when the credits begin to roll, because you know why he did what he did and it should repulse you.  Another thing I find simply remarkable is the `reason' for which all of these things take place is not anything that Dae-su Oh even recalls.  As his aggressor puts it, it wasn't important to him and so he simply forgot; end of discussion.  The fact that it wasn't of any importance to Dae-su Oh is something of grave importance for it outlines the very fact that our actions, no matter how innocent in texture, have lasting and at times devastating outcomes.<br /><br />But then again, it's not like Dae-su Oh is completely to blame for that tragedy.<br /><br />If you are reading this and have as of yet to see this remarkable film, watch it tonight.<br /><br />The film could be (ignorantly) labeled an action film.  Well, it is one to a certain extent, but Chan-wook Park really proves that there is no bounds to the amount of emotional depth one can heap upon a certain genre.  Not many action films contain this much poignancy and remain this harrowing.  The action scenes (which can get ridiculously brutal) are perfectly balanced in tone to never once convey a sense of surrealism.  This film is very real.  The violence is handled with care to remain something feasible.  The film never dips into CGI mode (thank the heavens).  The acting is also a standout.  The lead performance, delivered by Min-sik Choi, is so layered it is unforgettable (especially that breakdown sequence with the whole `dog' transformation).  Yes, he is angry and vengeful, but he is never one-note.  The amount of emotional transference noted in a single facial expression is bountiful.<br /><br />The final reveal in `Oldeuboi' is heart stopping and it may leave a sour taste in your mouth, but it is all par for the course and serves as an unforgettable way to make a lasting impression, and raise very complex question:<br /><br />\\"And now... now, what joy will I have left to live for?\\"edy.<br /><br />If you are reading this and have as of yet to see this remarkable film, watch it tonight.<br /><br />The film could be (ignorantly) labeled an action film.  Well, it is one to a certain extent, but Chan-wook Park really proves that there is no bounds to the amount of emotional depth one can heap upon a certain genre.  Not many action films contain this much poignancy and remain this harrowing.  The action scenes (which can get ridiculously brutal) are perfectly balanced in tone to never once convey a sense of surrealism.  This film is very real.  The violence is handled with care to remain something feasible.  The film never dips into CGI mode (thank the heavens).  The acting is also a standout.  The lead performance, delivered by Min-sik Choi, is so layered it is unforgettable (especially that breakdown sequence with the whole `dog' transformation).  Yes, he is angry and vengeful, but he is never one-note.  The amount of emotional transference noted in a single facial expression is bountiful.<br /><br />The final reveal in `Oldeuboi' is heart stopping and it may leave a sour taste in your mouth, but it is all par for the course and serves as an unforgettable way to make a lasting impression, and raise very complex question:<br /><br />\\"And now... now, what joy will I have left to live for?\\"
B003J27WFW|5.0|Somehow I couldn't help but thinking of the Talking Heads movie \\"Stop Making Sense\\" and how their documentary (along with their talent) helped move them into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.    Rush has rightfully expressed disappointment for not being in the RARHOF...    I think this is going to seal the deal for Rush finally getting into the RARHOF.    This documentary is flat out excellent and even brought a tear to my eyes several times throughout.    I can't think of a single thing that I would change in this film and will watch it many more times (which isn't a common thing I do) in the years to come.    Pick it up... You WILL NOT be disappointed!
B000023VR6|5.0|awesome album by dr dre all the songs and skits and interludes are awesome their is a hidden track on this album this album has everything a rap and hip hop should have dr dre is awesome this album proves he has serious talent as both rapper and producer
0375704027|4.0|Having read quite a few Murakami books before this one, I had high expectations.  Norwegian Wood was similar, yet different to the other books I read.  This book did not deal with dual realities or supernatural fantasy etc.  It was really more telling the tale of the protagonist growing up.  It was a slow start for me, and took me a while to finish.  But once I reached the halfway point, I couldn't put it down.  Although not as strong (to me) as Hard Boiled Wonderland or Kafka on the Shore, I still would highly recommend this book to anyone.  It's a great story, with unique characters.
0393072231|5.0|This is the book in which Michael Lewis brilliantly and clearly explains the mortgage bonds, credit default swaps, collateralized debt obligations (CDO's), triple A-rated bonds, B-rated bonds, credit risks, securities \\"so opaque and complex that they would remain forever misunderstood\\" and all of the other components of the sub-prime mortgage fiasco on Wall Street that brought down AIG and nearly brought down the U.S. economy once and for all.<br /><br />In fact, we (taxpayers) are all still feeling the aftermath of the opaque and synthetic securities that a circle of dishonest and very greedy (though clever) people on Wall Street conjured up in Wizardry 101.<br /><br />From the book: \\"The problem\\" as one AIG FP trader put it, \\"is that something else came along that we thought was the same thing as what we'd been doing.\\" The 'consumer loan' piles that Wall Street firms, led by Goldman Sachs, asked AIG FP to insure went from being 2 percent sub-prime mortgages to 95 perent sub-prime mortgages. In a matter of months, AIG FP, in effect, bought $50 billion in triple B-rated sub-prime mortgage bonds by insuring them against default. AND YET NO ONE SAID ANYTHING ABOUT IT - not AIG CEO Martin Sullivan, not the head of AIG FP, Joe Cassano, not the guy in AIG FPs Connecticut office in charge of selling his firm's credit default swap services to the big Wall Street firms, Al Frost. The deals, by all accounts, were simply rubber-stamped inside AIG FP, and then again by AIG brass.\\"<br /><br />More from the book: \\"Greg Lippmann watched his counterparts at Goldman Sachs find and exploit someone else's willingness to sell huge amounts of cheap insurance on sub-prime mortgage bonds and pretty much instantly guessed the seller's identity. Word spread quickly in the small world of subprime mortgage bond creators and traders: AIG FP  was now selling credit default swaps on triple A-rated subprime bonds for a mere 0.12 percent a year. Twelve basis points!\\"<br /><br />The above quotes (and the book itself) beg the question: What will be done about this? Or, do those few people who walked away with anywhere from one to three billion dollars just get to keep their pirate's treasure while U.S. taxpayers keep paying bailout monies?stion: What will be done about this? Or, do those few people who walked away with anywhere from one to three billion dollars just get to keep their pirate's treasure while U.S. taxpayers keep paying bailout monies?
B00005UL69|1.0|This was a new item.  Opened it to view the DVD and it will not play. It just shuts off.  The DVD player reads \\"error\\".  I contacted the shipper the next day and still haven't heard from them.  Contacted Amazon and it is in review for refund.  We went and rented it from Blockbuster.
1400067936|5.0|Although a slightly pessimistic view on life, Nassim gives a great outlook and perspective of success and the role randomness plays in it.
B0015KO52S|2.0|I have to say that I really appreciate the Raconteurs first record, \\"Broken Boy Soldiers\\", however \\"Consolers of the Lonely\\", feels like a band trying to meet a contractual deadline. This is probably not the case because we have witnessed a strong decline in Jack White's songwriting since \\"Broken Boy Soldiers\\". Personally I feel that both Dead Weather albums, and Icky Thump have been composed of mostly generic sounding shloop. The worst part of this release is the lyrics, which are bordering on being ridiculous if not down right cheesy. I do like Brendan Benson's solo records, but he cannot write lyrics that are any deeper than a soup bowl. Pass on this one. Get the White Stripes records up to and including the great \\"Get Behind me Satan\\". Also the Greenhornes are definitely worth checking out. This is a case where the sum of parts do not add up to a great climax. It's kind of like Audioslave, where as the original bands (Soundgarden and Rage)  were far superior to the end product.
B003HE2B6C|4.0|Well, I have every Hanson record and have been a fan since 1997. However, this is one of my favorite records of theirs. It's back to their pop roots, which I love! Their stuff can be formulaic, but all fans will love this one.
0143038419|5.0|I'm surprised to see how low this book was rated and all I could glean from the negative reviews is an unbridled jealousy from the people who read this woman's life story, disguised with words like \\"conceited\\" and \\"self-absorbed\\" and \\"egotistical,\\" etc.  Why? Because the author had the audacity to win a $200,000 contract to go to Italy, India, and Bali? Admittedly, the author's luck does unnerve those of us who have to work hard to earn just 1/4 of that money to live in drab places, but is that a reason to give a good author a bad review?<br /><br />I thought that Gilbert didn't try to make more of her experience than it was: she ate and learned Italian in Italy, she got into the Ashram lifestyle in India, and met a nice guy in Bali.  The book was no revelation of how to find God.  In fact, some reviewer wrote that \\"she claims that god spoke to her in her bathroom.\\"  What book did you read???? She said no such thing.  She merely said that she was upset and crying and then an inner voice told her to go to sleep. We all have those inner voices, rising from our desperately self-absorbed dispair, telling us, hey, quit it! Call it a night and go to sleep.<br /><br />What I got out of the book is hope: if you're a poor-like-dirt single mother in Bali, you can still witness a miracle brought about by the kindness of complete strangers who live a half-world away from you and care about your financial trouble.  If you're an unknown middle age writer unhappily married, there is no need to lock yourself in the bathroom and cry all the time:  you can still change your life around, become successful and see places in the world that are beautiful and inspiring; if you failed your first marriage, there's still hope you can find the love you always wanted whether you're a practical businessman from Brazil or a freelance writer from New York.  And if you have a little courage, even if the cute psychic who promised you one year's worth of training backs out and turns up not even remembering who you are, you can still find a way to live in Bali for a year, and find something worth writing about.  It's all about taking chances and trusting in the good will of people.<br /><br />Read this book for inspiration.  God is in the courage you take to live the life you imagined for yourself, if only you have faith in yourself and in your abilities. In the meantime, you'll read about some pretty exciting places, from a woman who has a good sense of humor, and an author who doesn't take herself or her spiritual experiences too seriously.
B003CFBQBW|4.0|I like this soundtrack. It has a good mix of indie rock, and I'm so happy to see UNKLE represented.  Listening to the soundtrack before seeing the movie, it was difficult to see how these tracks would help set the tone of the movie, but they fit in well.  I can't quit listening to this soundtrack - a nice variety.
B0001GL3K4|5.0|I don't like to watch a movie more that once, or twice maximum. So it is a big deal that I saw it 3 times. This can be entertaining once in two years.
B001NP8PQW|5.0|I have been a The Cure fan in the casual sense for a long time... I always liked their music, mostly from the Disintegration album and like many others considered it dark but a great release from the ordinary... Believe me when I say this is a far departure from the music I normally listen to and enjoy, yet it has a haunting way of getting under my skin, in a good way...  Having never seen them live before this DVD gave me then opportunity to do that.  On the Blu-Ray format it is a beautifully produced concert DVD with an outstanding sound mix and the visuals are equally as impressive...  It gave me the opportunity to hear the other albums that I might not have given a chance except for this DVD... Although my favorite is still Disintegration, Pornography blew me away... And I don't mean to take anything away from Bloodflowers set, as it was outstanding as well... You won't see any flashy stage show other than the lighting, but rather a very tight band doing what they do best... Playing music... As a musician myself I can defintely appreciate that... A must see for any avid The Cure fan and a great venue for anyone new to their music...
0812550706|5.0|One of my favorite things about books is when they take you into their world so fully that you don't want to leave.  Enter's Game is a book like that.  The main character, Ender Wiggins, is just who we'd always like to be, flawed enough to know that we could be like him, if only ... I hesitated to move on to the other Ender books, just because I wanted to savor this one a little longer.  I read it twice, both delicious experiences; then heard about Ender's Shadow, which is a parallel story, written from Bean's point of view.  Who wouldn't want to know more about Bean?    Another thing I liked about the book is the deeper ethical themes, like ends vs. means (is the name Ender a coincidence?)      I can't imagine, with over 2,600 reviews already, that this review will sway anyone.  But a book like this is deserving of the bother.
0446563048|4.0|Delivering Happiness is very simple, easy to read, funny and fantastic book. After I finished reading the book, I had a very nice feeling, was happier but I was expecting more, lot more material.     In this book, Tony writes from his experiments as young entrepreneur to creating a successful business model based on (simple) core values. He narrates his experiments with worm farm, photo button and pizza business as a boy; his stint with oracle that ended with setting-up LinkExchange as young entrepreneur; his learnings from LinkExchange deal with Microsoft ($265 Million) and as investor; his experiences (and experiments) in building $1 billion Zappos brand in less than 10 years from nothing and finally Zappos \\"marriage\\" with Amazon ($1.2 Billion).     He also writes about personal experience and learnings on the way as a kid, in school, at university, first job, raves and parties, hikes and marathons, hiring and layoffs..     Book is very good initially but as it progresses, looses kind of plot and appears to be over hyped. It seems to pass on the message of self-glorification and suggest \\"my way is high way\\". This pretty much could be Tony's style, which he has proved to be successful.     Still it is true (as Tony mentioned in closing lines) this book can potentially help you:   - make your customers happier (through better customer service) or   - make your employees happier (by focusing more on company culture) or   - make yourself happier (by learning more about the science of happiness)     Good: written in very simple language unlike other business books, with lot of humor and real life examples, fast-paced, will force you to think, motivational and inspiring.     Not so good: seems like selling self or company, appear incomplete at places, could have been much better, unnecessary sarcastic humor     Must read for at least to be entrepreneurs. Lot of things could be grabbed from Tony's experiences and learnings.     -- ashutosh jhureley
B000WC39SG|4.0|It's September 1944, and with \\"D-day\\" already 3 months behind them and winter just 3 months in front of them, the Allies are anxious to accelerate their advance on the Germans.  In northern Europe, the battle lines run through Belgium near the border with the Netherlands.  It appears to be the perfect time to deploy their airborne army made up of British and American troops.    A plan is hurriedly struck: the Allies - using parachutes and thousands of gliders - are going to drop tens of thousands of troops, equipment, and vehicles along a 62 mile (100 kilometer) road from the Belgium border to a bridge that crosses the Rhine river in Arnheim near the German border.  The airborne army will secure the bridges, while a ground army - starting from Belgium - races up to join them.    Lieutenant General Frederick Browning is responsible for the tactical command of the airborne forces for the execution of Operation Market Garden.  He calls together his commanders, spells out the mission, and tells them they have 7 days to prepare.    A few days before September 17th, reports from the Arnheim Dutch underground begin to trickle in about recent German deployments in the area.  General Browning dismisses the reports, but one of his officers convinces him to send in an aircraft to check it out.    It seems part of human nature, that once you have made up your mind, it is difficult to change it.  General Browning believes in the plan, he has a personal investment in it, but then, when pictures come back showing the situation is not as he thought ... watch his face as he struggles to find a way to discount this contrary information ...    Picture (Blue-ray): 4.   Sound: The music is much louder than the voice track.
1932907009|5.0|I got this book from the library because I thought the subtitle of the book was too arrogant. However, I ended up purchasing it and STC Goes to the Movies.    WHO IS THE BOOK FOR:  This book is great for anyone who has trouble with story structure or whose screenplay is languishing. Blake (R.I.P.) probably wasn't the best screenwriter, but he is a genius when it comes to explaining structure in simple, usable terms. It is the most practical guide to story structure.    This is a how-to book! Practical.  User-friendly.  This book is how to write a screenplay that sells.  Making a masterpiece is up to you, but this formula is what Blake found by examining good movies.  It isn't a silver bullet, but it is essential.    (In full disclosure, I hated Syd Field's SCREENPLAY. I learned only two things: Films have three acts, and the guy loves CHINATOWN. It is not a how-to book at all.)    WHO IT IS NOT FOR:  Never written is screenplay before?  Then get the SCREENWRITER'S BIBLE first!  This book is for people who know screenplay structure.  This fills in the blanks on how to make your story work.    IF YOU WANT TO BE A SCREENWRITER:  Anyone who doesn't educate themselves in the craft of their choosing is shooting themselves in the foot.  Drop your ego and attitude.  Read these books with the knowledge that you have more to learn than you realize.  Read THE SCREENWRITER'S BIBLE first, SAVE THE CAT! second, and THE WRITER'S JOURNEY somewhere in between.
B002DZX96C|5.0|No need to say how terrific the performances are, the only thing is sound quality of the recordings! I love this set of album and my son (12 years old)  basically keep the box next to him in and out. He loves all the pieces and just could not get enough of this. This box collection is for him as a birthday gift and he is more than happy.
068485743X|3.0|This book is about rejection, which probably explains its bleak tone. It talks about those things that get your manuscript chucked into the discard pile without a second thought. It's got some good basic tips for a newbie writer seeking to get published, but after I read it I didn't feel satisfied. It did give me some insight into the mind of a publishing insider, although I much prefer Nathan Bransford's online blog for that kind of information.<br /><br />I like the simple tips in the first few chapters about the basic things to avoid: make sure you don't send in tattered manuscripts, make sure you don't adverb the thing to death, etc. As the book wore on, the author branched out into important topics like tone, rhythm, and dialog, but these are covered in a cursory fashion. I didn't find the bad prose examples very helpful. They're too simplistic and I found the 'fixes' uninspiring.<br /><br />If there is one suggestion I would make to improve this book, it would be to take actual submitted writing and use that for the exercises and examples. Not only would it be more concrete in its teaching, but it would also give a window into what an agent or editor actually sees on a day-to-day basis. Now that would be fun.<br /><br />And on that topic (fun), I'll close with this: This book isn't much fun, but it does have some good tips.
1603580557|2.0|In her \\"Note from the Editor,\\" Diana Wright advises the reader that the manuscript for \\"Thinking in Systems\\" went unpublished for eight years before Dana Meadows' unfortunate death.  Perhaps there was a reason for that:  perhaps Dana Meadows recognized that the manuscript was not ready for publication.  For the text is uncertain whether it is an introduction to systems analysis as a scientific endeavor, a tableau of counter-intuitive results \\"explained\\" by \\"systems thinking\\", or a pseudo-analytic basis for the usual policy preferences of the political left.  In its raw form, it is a mish-mash of these and other incomplete themes, so by the end you're not sure what the point was.<br /><br />Were it an introductory text in systems analysis for freshman students of English literature, the first four chapters might be ok.  Meadows introduces the notions of stocks, inputs, and outputs in a way that could persuade a non-technical reader that systems analysis was a quantitative science and that the relevant quantities might be computed so long as students from another department were available.  She also introduces the notion of feedback and discusses the qualitatively different forms of output resulting from positive or negative feedback.  She even discusses the effects on the output of varying feedback delay.  This may be about as far as you can go without introducing any math, and as Meadows did not introduce any math, this also might have been a good place to stop.<br /><br />But sadly, the editors chose to publish what came next.  Next was chapter 5, \\"Systems Traps...and Opportunities.\\"  Here we find discussions of a variety of very complicated systems--Romanian and Swedish abortion policy, for example--whose analysis is beyond most humans, let alone freshman literature students.  From these discussions Meadows derives generalized \\"systems traps\\" and \\"ways out\\".<br /><br />Her first trap, for example, is called \\"policy resistance\\":  \\"When various actors try to pull a system stock toward various goals, ...[it] just pulls the stock farther from the goals of the other actors and produces additional resistance....\\"  Translation:  people disagree.  And here's the \\"way out\\":  \\"Let go.  Bring in all the actors and use the energy formerly expended on resistance to seek out mutually satisfactory ways for all goals to be realized....\\"  Translation:  can't we all just get along.  And so on.  The \\"traps\\" and \\"ways out\\" are of a nature so obtuse as to defy any sort of concrete analysis, and as insights they are the sort that cease to seem profound after sophomore year.<br /><br />And it gets worse.  Chapter 6, \\"Leverage Points--Places to Intervene in a System,\\" might have been a good place to discuss system sensitivity analysis--in a qualitative way, of course--but instead it leans heavily toward the justification of pet liberal causes like environmentalism, government regulation of industry (\\"The power of big industry calls for the power of big government...; a global economy makes global regulations necessary\\"), and high taxes on anyone with more wealth than a Dartmouth professor.  Chapter 7, \\"Living in a World of Systems,\\" sets new standards for sentimental whole-earthism, recommending, on the strength of \\"the tool of systems thinking,\\" that the future be \\"brought lovingly into being,\\" that we learn to \\"dance with great powers\\" as the Eskimo \\"have turned snow into ... a system with which they can dance.\\"  Be caring, be good:  these are the final admonishments before the book, thankfully, ends.<br /><br />In addition, there is economic illiteracy displayed throughout, as for example this, which follows an inept discussion of Adam Smith's \\"invisible hand\\":  \\"Economic theory as derived from Adam Smith assumes first that 'homo economicus' acts with perfect optimality on complete information, and second that when many of the species 'homo economicus' do that, their actions add up to the best possible outcome for everybody.\\"  This is utter nonsense.  Smith says nothing about perfection of optimality nor completeness of information.  He merely observes that, in the aggregate, a collection of humans seeking their individual interests often advances the economic welfare of society as a whole.  And he certainly does not assert that everybody will arrive at \\"the best possible outcome.\\"  The \\"invisible hand\\" operates even in the presence of individual failure and distress, and in some ways because of them.<br /><br />Winding up for the conclusion, Meadows admits that \\"[s]ystems thinking has taught me to trust my intuition more and my figuring-out rationality less....\\"  If you've gotten this far in the book, you will certainly agree, for in writing it she gave intuition free rein while rationality was on the Costa del Sol.  If you're a student of Dana Meadows, this book will give you considerable insight into her intuition and her prejudices.  If you are simply interested in some qualitative discussion of systems, there are some not-bad introductory bits in the first four chapters.  But if you're going to buy just one book on systems analysis, buy a different one.ense.  Smith says nothing about perfection of optimality nor completeness of information.  He merely observes that, in the aggregate, a collection of humans seeking their individual interests often advances the economic welfare of society as a whole.  And he certainly does not assert that everybody will arrive at \\"the best possible outcome.\\"  The \\"invisible hand\\" operates even in the presence of individual failure and distress, and in some ways because of them.<br /><br />Winding up for the conclusion, Meadows admits that \\"[s]ystems thinking has taught me to trust my intuition more and my figuring-out rationality less....\\"  If you've gotten this far in the book, you will certainly agree, for in writing it she gave intuition free rein while rationality was on the Costa del Sol.  If you're a student of Dana Meadows, this book will give you considerable insight into her intuition and her prejudices.  If you are simply interested in some qualitative discussion of systems, there are some not-bad introductory bits in the first four chapters.  But if you're going to buy just one book on systems analysis, buy a different one.
0981951244|5.0|The book is so straight forward and usable from the first chapter you'll want to kick yourself for not realizing these ahas in your regular personal performance sooner...
B003A2JBKA|5.0|this seems like the coolest general greivous lego toy ever .(besides the wheelbike)   I didnt get either one!       joey age 8.(ME!)
B002VPE1WK|4.0|This backpack is the size of what I would call a \\"regular\\" backpack, the kind you get for school or day hiking trips.  Two SLR cameras could easily fit in here.  I have used it for my netbook and point and click camera and it works great.  Also, it fits my medical equipment (CPAP) and accessories with plenty of room to spare.  The inner adjustable compartments somehow work better than the same Velcro compartments I've used in my smaller camera cases.  However, the straps are quite short, which isn't a problem if you're just using this for packing and carrying short distances, but if you want to use this for hiking or a lot of walking and plan to have this over your shoulders, it's likely it won't fit comfortably.
B000U1ZV8K|1.0|This Review is called \\"2 movies times 2\\" because I only got 2 movies just twice. The printing on both discs was perfect but both discs were Lethal Weapon 3 and 4 only.   I laughed over this for about 5 minutes!   I am not mad though because my friend bought this set, not me!     In short both discs came with Lethal Weapon 3 and 4 only and did not include films 1 and 2 at all.   I am not surprised and like \\"Unkle Jack\\" (above 1 star reviewer) said, double sided discs are usually defective.  Other 4 favorite dvd movie sets have this 2 movies only out 4 on 2 discs goof as well (just look at 1 star reviews for the Matrix fav 4 pack).   I suggest buying these movies individually or as a box set were each film is still in its individual case were this goof is not likely to happen!  This 4 pack is a good deal only if you don't get defective discs! (and if you don't like Special Features)    P.S. How does text on dvd say, \\"Lethal Weapon 1 and Lethal Weapon 2 on other side\\" but have movie 3 and 4 only.   It is like the text was put on in one step and then the dvd went to the wrong movie printing machine and get the  opposite movies the text describes.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|I never thought there would be another character like \\"Mal Reynolds,\\" but I have to say what a pleasant surprise this series is.  A nice balance of humor and drama, good character development, and the standard romantic tension you can expect in any male/female partnership on tv.  This is one of those shows I make a point to sit down and watch--it's both entertaining and challenging.  I was afraid of being disappointed by not-Mal, but Nathan Fillion is great...again.
B002ZG997C|5.0|This was intriging and it left me wondering if Eli was blind through the entire movie or was he going blind as he practiced his faith.
0385737424|4.0|Reason for Reading: I'm working my way through reviewing all the Newbery winners.<br /><br />Miranda has been best friends with Sal since they were in diapers, but one day Sal gets punched walking home from school and their friendship ends. Miranda starts running into the boy who punched him, Marcus, and they become acquaintances. Miranda loves the book A Wrinkle in Time and reads it over and over and over. Nobody can get her to try a different book and Marcus starts talking to her about the science behind the time-space travel component of the book. On Miranda's block there is a strange homeless man who talks about strange things, yells things out, talks to her, calls her \\"smart girl\\" and every now and then kicks his leg out into the street. He also sleeps with his head wedged under a mailbox. Oh, and Miranda also receives strange messages from an unknown person asking her to do things but most specifically to write the sender a letter. It isn't until the end of the book that all these elements come together and make perfect sense to Miranda.<br /><br />An enjoyable book. The science fiction element is light and comes into play towards the end to explain all the strange events. The book also explores friendships as Miranda has relationships with a boy she's known from being a baby, a bully, a friendly neighbourhood woman, a crotchety old man, a girl who is made fun of at school, and a girl who has been dumped by the snooty popular girl, as well as the snooty girl herself. All of these people at some point Miranda befriends and she learns a lot about how appearances can be deceiving and to get to know the inside person before making judgments. Though sometimes a person's true self can a disappointment.<br /><br />I thought the story was well-written, the characters likable and interesting. I read the book quickly and thought the ending was clever. The story never went past good, fine or ok with me though. From a Newbery winner I expect more.
B0009MAO46|5.0|Did not have the movie Toy Story -so when the 10th anniversary edition came out we had to get it to add to the collection.  Can't wait for Toy Story 3 to come out in video too .
B002QKZLZ6|5.0|Great case! Small, fits easily into your purse or can be placed on your car visor.
B002JVWRAO|4.0|As a long time fan of the show, i expected big things with Season 5. It definitely did not meet expectations, with four ho-hum mid season episodes that felt as if the writers were padding. Some fans have pointed out that Lucifer had far too little screen time and they're right. But once the season came into the final stretch, it regained its footing, picked up steam and featured some of the best moments of the past five years. I'm hoping that another viewing of the season on DVD will soften my objections.
B000001DV2|3.0|Def Leppard continued to rise above the adversity they constantly seemed to face throughout the `80s and early `90s to produce successfully commercial hard rock. Long-time guitarist Steve Clark finally succumbed to his demons and passed away during the genesis of the Lepps follow up to the zillion selling `Hysteria' and it was decided to finish `Adrenalize' as a four piece with Phil Collen playing all the guitars.  Also the grunge revolution threatened to torpedo Def Leppard's reemergence from yet another tragedy/hiatus but the new record raced to the top of the charts on release with surprisingly little change in formula. In fact `Adrenalize' is even more unabashedly commercial than its two celebrated predecessors. Therein lies the problem with its less than lasting appeal...it is far too pandering to their mid-to late `80's female fan base. It's as if the ballads were meant to sell the record but even the rockers are far from dangerous.  \\"Let's Get Rocked\\", which opens the album and was the first single, is an example of the latter along with \\"Make Love Like a Man \\"and neither of these songs would have a fighting chance on `Pyromania' yet they are among the hardest rocking songs on the disc. \\"Heaven Is\\" and \\"I Wanna Touch U\\" while seeming to be pandering to the chicks are surprisingly my favorites.  Def Leppard soon added veteran Vivian Campbell and didn't miss a beat however the sales of `Adrenalize' didn't sniff either `Hysteria' or `Pyromania'. Maybe grunge didn't kill Def Leppard's supergroup status but putting out an arguably limp record didn't help.
0061120081|5.0|Although I own old copies, I wanted the anniversary issue as this is a book that was a huge influence on my life from back in 8th grade. For anyone who hasn't read it (over and over again) you are really missing out. Please don't just watch the movie even though it was well done. Get yourself into the book!
030726999X|5.0|Since you already know Hornet's Nest is a thriller and a mystery, I won't repeat the story.  But, I can promise you that the entire trilogy of Lisbeth Salander is unbelivable.  Larsson has a way of putting you right in the middle of every scene of the story.  You are with the characters at every twist and turn.  Intelligent stories and plots will keep you up all night reading.<br /><br />Losing Larsson is a deprivation to all of us, and there will be no more from him.  Read everything this amazing writer left behind.  Read Hornet's Nest; read all three, you will not regret it.<br /><br />P.S.  Hollywood has already gotten their hands on one of the books.  Don't let the movie makers take the joy of reading Larsson away from you!
B001KZI2WW|5.0|I bought this shoes for my younger brother but he did not like it. So I had my dad try it on and he loved it! He uses it for work sometimes or when he just wants to walk around the neighborhood or in the park. He says it is very comfortable. I saw my cousin-in-law wearing this one too so I think it's really a good pair.
030726999X|5.0|Steig Larsson's third \\"Girl Who\\" book was the perfect ending to the trilogy, which started slow with the Dragon Tattoo and climaxed in the Played With Fire. All in all a marvelous series of stories with romance, murder, politics and suspense. Good, good reading.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|Exceeded expectations.  Excellent product condition and received it within 9 days vs the 2-3 week disclosure.
0894803123|1.0|I bought Ben & Jerry's Book hoping that they would have their Pistachio Pistachio Ice Cream recipe included in it.  Sadly, it's not in there.  I'm SOOOO disappointed!
B0036EH3U2|5.0|This version of the Complete Series on Blu-ray has addressed the packaging complaints that so many people have posted for the item.  The box contains each season packaged individually in a tri-fold jewel case.  Each jewel case lists the discs and episodes to be found on each disc.  IMO this is a high-quality packaging for the product, and it seems like Universal listened to customer complaints and addressed the problems.    I highly recommend this product, it has a coveted space on my bookshelf and I look forward to many years of pleasure from watching this incredible series.
B002ZG977Y|2.0|This movie brings to life one of the many greek mythology stories. I hated the fact that they did not keep up with the events that were told regarding the storie behind Clash of the Titans. This version took many liberties and as I always say why mess with the classics. If you want the real story as passed down from generation to generation watch Clash of the Titans made in the late 1980's. Schniggles
0307120007|1.0|I just received this book today. I will be returning it tomorrow at my own expense. The content is cute but the quality of the book is very low. The pages and binding seem very flimsy. If I let my baby have this he would destroy it very quickly. We have several other interactive books with things you can touch or open panels and they are all made of much more durable materials. This was a big disappointment. I am very surprised amazon would sell such a low quality version of this book!
B003LXM1RS|4.0|*** 1/2<br /><br />It's clear from the front cover of \\"Night Work,\\" which features a close-up of a spandex-clad, toned rear end, that the Scissor Sisters are not taking themselves too seriously with their third outing. It's also clear after a listen that they have no interest, at this point, in reinventing their sound.<br /><br />Which isn't a bad thing. Their sound, although a pastiche of multiple influences, is still fairly unique sounding. Combine 70's disco (Jake Shear's falsetto sounds strikingly like the Bee Gees) with 80's electroclash, and then throw in a dash of punk attitude and a pinch of tongue-in-cheek sexuality, and voila ... instant fabulousness.<br /><br />What keeps it all from being nothing but a hollow party is that the whole thing sounds like a real band, as opposed to a production made up mostly of electronic beats, samples, or studio musicians. You can tell that these people are living and working and playing and creating together. Jake Shear's lyrics, on close inspection, also come across as much more poignant as the party atmosphere might at first suggest.<br /><br />My favorite songs on \\"Night Work\\" are the uptempo dance tracks. \\"Something Like This\\" throbs provocatively, \\"Sex and Violence\\" is sinister and sexy, and the closer, \\"Invisible Light\\", is a dancefloor epic that finishes with a spoken word homage to \\"Thriller\\" courtesy of Patrick Stewart. What's missing from this CD, that both their previous albums had, was at least one genuinely emotionally affecting song. The album tries, with \\"Fire With Fire\\", but it doesn't come close to the feeling behind tracks like \\"Can't Come Quickly Enough\\" from their debut, or \\"The Other Side\\" from \\"Ta-Dah\\".<br /><br />Overall, I'd say it's a fun record, and I'm glad the Scissor Sisters are back with their usual bag of tricks. I'd like to see them trying adding a few new ones to their next outing.
B0036R92V2|4.0|It's amazing to me how much difference a carefully managed hi-def transfer can make to an older film with low budget elements.  \\"Django\\" on blu-ray features a transfer which appears far superior to the recent \\"Man With No Name\\" trilogy blu-ray collection.  It is clean, colors are rich, and the image is stable throughout.  The sound is also well balanced and clear.  If you know the film, the purchase is an easy one.  If you have never seen \\"Django\\", this is the best the film has ever looked in a home format and is required viewing for genre fans.  Extras are excellent and include a 1960's era documentary on the spaghetti western movement that is particularly good.  I would get a copy while they are available at retail...this is the kind of disc that becomes highly sought after once it goes out of print.
1857885082|2.0|Very long-winded.  Written by a scientist who won't let go of certain words.  Could have been a much more enjoyable read if it were half the size.  But still -- the information which was tucked into it was helpful.
B001VEHZZ2|5.0|Author Mohsin Hamid creates a conversation between a Pakistani, Changez, and an unnamed American as they meet, have tea, dinner and a late night walk in LaHore.  Just as the old maxim about telling your life's secrets to strangers on a plane, Changez reveals his innermost thoughts to a stranger. The American, known only through the observations of Hamid, appears uneasy about the location, nightfall, the food and other concerns.<br /><br />Changez relates to the American from having spent time in the US. His English is very good and Hamid inflects it with just the right vocabulary and grammar to show Changez as a well educated non-native speaker who has absorbed a good bit of US culture. In America he saw unexamined wealth and privilege and noted it in contrast to the declining fortunes of his family and county.<br /><br />In the US he had a Princeton education and was an on the path to success as an appraiser of corporate valuation. His achievements earn him the full support of a boss who identifies with him because, for different reasons, he is an outsider too. The company sent him to the Philippines where he saw the Twin Towers fall on a hotel TV. In a business trip to Chile a latent consciousness was awakened.<br /><br />He has a romance. You can see how he is the ideal suitor for Erica, one of the few Princeton women accessible to him. She is his friend by default; US males would expect things she could not deliver. He may know this, but he is young, alone and vulnerable.<br /><br />This is a beautifully written book. From it you can gather the thoughts and feelings of foreign students and workers in the US. The situations and people are those of life from the American style job interview, to the the romance and to reactions to 9/11. Through Changez's recount of his experiences you can see how the US can be perceived by others.<br /><br />The title is not related to Islamic fundamentalism, but to Changez's line of work.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book for its beauty and insight.
0399156577|2.0|I was on vacation last week and I bought this book so that I would have something great to read in the afternoon.  (Luckily I also bought Victoria Laurie's new Psychie Eye Mystery so my vacation wasn't a total bust.)      One reviewer said that the book started to improve after page 90.  I'm past that now and still struggling to stay interested.  If and when I finish this book, I'll update the review.    Update:  It's now two weeks later and I'm still not done this book.  While it did start to get better after I got into part 2, it's not enough to change the number of stars I gave it originally.  I hoping to be done in another week or two.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|This is a GREAT headset. One thing that sets this apart from others is that fact that it can be used on not just the PS3, but the xbox 360, and computers.  There are various controls on the little control box attached to the cable, which can be used to turn the mic on and off, and ajust the chat volume, game volume, and the bass.  The headset automatically will adjust chat volume in times of loud gameplay so that it is not completely drowned out. The headset is abit bulky to play with, but your parents/other people in the area will love you for usuing this because they wont have to hear your gaming at 3am, unless you like to yell when you play.  There is a slight buzzing when the headset is on and there is no sound going to it, but once it starts playing, the buzz goes away.    Overall, I am very happy with my purchase
B002ZG99CC|5.0|This movie was excellent!  Prehaps those who was negative enjoy watching movies the describe violence and sex throughout the movie.  This movie can be enjoyed by the whole family.  Let's start enjoying movies that is clean and enjoyable.
0671027344|5.0|Yes there are controversial issues in this book - but, honestly, that is what makes this book so great for high school students to read.  The reading level is not too high, so it is a great book to do with lower level readers or just to do as a quick read when you don't have a ton of time to do a book.  The controversial issues brought up in the book are so great because they are the issues that teens are dealing with, whether teachers or parents want to admitt it or not.  I highly recommend this book for high school English classes that are geared around discussions of real life issues teens face.
B003JYOFIW|5.0|The new DEVO album marks a return to the DEVO of old. It's got a great retro sound to it. This album is a definite throw-back to the era of \\"New Traditionalists\\" and \\"Oh No It's Devo\\". The songs are catchy and bouncy. Makes you want to do The Pogo all over again. \\"Something For Everybody\\" is a MUST for any DEVO fan.
1423399986|3.0|As a light read, this book was kinda fun.  Especially if your a dog lover or a wanna be dog trainer as there are many good hints.  I did not care for the slightly more \\"earthy\\" language.  Perhahps I am getting old but the \\"F\\" word in a romance mystery sort of bothers me.  Still, as a fluffy summer read I think I can recommend it.
B003DO13OC|5.0|With this latest Deluxe set, Oldfield continues to make unnecessary tweaks to his classic albums. The new stereo mix isn't bad (I can't speak for the 5.1 surround mix), but given that there was virtually nothing wrong with the original mix of the album, who cares?     The reason to buy this Deluxe set is because it contains the \\"lost\\" version of Ommadawn. In 1975, as the story goes, Oldfield had nearly completed the first side of Ommadawn when the tape reel on which it was recorded began to rapidly disintegrate. Partly due to faulty chemistry, and perhaps partly due to Oldfield's constant penchant for overdubbing, the tape eventually was rendered useless. This version of Ommadawn was considered just that---lost---that is until very recently, when it was discovered that Oldfield had duplicated a master of the rough mix which had then been buried in Virgin's archives for over 30 years. The result is the discovery of a brand new recording and interpretation of this masterpiece. This lost version is beautiful and fascinating in its own right, and works not only as a interesting prototype for what was to come, but stands up well as a complete work on its own. While it features the trademark harp melody line (played this time as a \\"round\\" at the opening) and even the African drum/chant build-up (though with a jarring Monty Python-esque exchange between two voices thrown in the middle), this new version, while certainly flawed, possesses a more manic energy all its own that works brilliantly more often than it falls flat. It doesn't quite rival its eventual work, but is a wonderful piece from a musician at the height of his powers.
B001UV4XWY|5.0|I saw this movie on the plane and I wished my flight was longer so I could see it again.  This movie, for me, depicts the story of man. It narrates the story of Adam and Eve as we know it from the Bible (Quran has a different point of view about the story but I can get to that later).<br />If you have not seen the movie, please do not continue reading.<br /><br />Norma and her husband are living a happy life together (Adam and Eve in Heaven before the fall).  One day a stranger knocks on their door and lures them with a box that will give them a million dollars if they were to press a button in it (Satan luring Adam and Eve to eat from the forbidden tree).  The husband resists when he knows the other part of the deal: someone you dont know will die. But Norma keeps nagging and finding excuses why it is ok to press the button. The husband thinks of the worst (a child could die), but Norma thinks only of what can make her feel ok about pushing the button (it could be a criminal waiting for his death row).  Again this is a depiction of the Bible's story about Eve being the one who pushed Adam to eat the fruit.  Then, when the button is pressed, hell breaks loose (Adam and Eve fall from heaven to inhabit earth).  Norma and husband are faced with choice after another, none of which is reasonable.  The movie portrays that human beings are faced every day with choices that are all bad ones and we choose the one that we think is less bad.  There is nothing that is good. Even when something good happens, it is shortlived and one doesnt have time to enjoy it (they took the 1 million USD an didnt get to spend it and enjoy it).  Life is abo tests and unfortunately, it seems that no matter we do, we lose in the end!
0471267554|1.0|This one little detail completely invalidates this specific book.  I believe in the paleolithic diet as being extremely healthy, BUT the recommendation on fats is just bizarre, if one is buying the premise of paleolithic man's diet as being the most healthy and therefore the one we should follow.  Where did the Paleolithic farm their flax?  Where did they extract the oil from?  Where were their orchards of olive trees?    Additionally, there is the little detail that heating flaxseed oil is a big no-no, something I thought everyone knew.  Oops.
B00063EMJ6|4.0|There will be different opinions, when the selection of tracks for a best of album with an artist with a long career has to be decided for. This especially must be the case with an artist like Neil Young, partly because his career has been long but also a musician who has changed his musical expression several times during this career. Above this, when only one CD is available, it seems a thankless task to select tracks with a total playing time, which may not exceed 80 minutes.<br /><br />Broadly speaking, I think that this \\"Greatest Hits\\" is an excellent bid to provide an overview of Neil Young's career from 1969-91. Naturally there is a particular focus on the early years, when Young was undoubtedly at his most productive and innovative.<br /><br />I do think, though, that it is a shame to choose two very long tracks from \\"Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere.\\" Both \\"Down By the River\\" and \\"Cowgirl In The Sand\\" are fine tracks, but are they suitable for a best of compilation?  - they do take space for other relevant songs.<br /><br />I especially miss '\\"See The Sky About two Rain\\" from \\"On the Beach\\", a strong album that is not even represented;  the explanation for this must have something to do with rights.<br /><br /> \\"Do not Let It Bring You Down\\" and \\"I Believe in You\\" from \\"After the Gold Rush\\" would also have been an obvious choices.<br /><br />I wonder also why \\"Out in the weekend\\" and the title track from \\"Harvest\\" are omitted.<br /><br />Anyhow, most Young fans think that all of his 1970s records are albums to have in their whole; and this CD is only to be considered as an appetizer for more.
0307269752|5.0|I couldn't put it down.  I am already reading the second book.  Very good read.
B003R50F00|5.0|this is abeautiful book. there is a rich suite of well developed characters who you are just dying to meet in the flesh. they all grow and remain very human. compassion, love and joy come from unexpected places.
0385504225|1.0|I've read three of Brown's novels, \\"Angels & Demons\\" \\"Da Vinci Code\\" and \\"The Lost Symbol\\" and they all have the same basic plot structure:  a grotesque, maniacal villain, usually with a religious or quasi-religious motivation, commits gruesome crimes while Robert Langdon goes on a rapid scavenger hunt/puzzle-solving marathon with a random local female for  companionship.<br /><br />Let's face it, Dan Brown is not a very good writer, nor a particularly painstaking researcher (you don't extradite someone to America for selling dope in Turkey.) What's really loathsome about this outing is the continued scurrilous slurs on an historical figure, Sir Isaac Newton.  I wish Brown would learn the name of some other scientist.<br /><br />\\"Da Vinci Code\\" became a smash hit because he borrowed most of the elements of the plot from a non-fiction-but-really-fiction book entitled, \\"Holy Blood, Holy Grail.\\"  I'd be very surprised if Dan Brown ever produces such a phenomenon again.
B003L16FAE|5.0|I originally purchased the Predator blu-ray upon it's first release....aweful!! This new ultimate hunter edition is hands down the best version of a classis film to date. I bought the movie for 15.00 at Walmart and got a 10.00 movie cash to see Predators. I don't know what all the complaints are about with the DNR issues. Blu-ray is \\"High Def\\", if you want old dirty looking films with grain don't buy blu-ray movies!! In addition, if you are having problems with too much DNR, simply turn off the DNR feature on your television. I had the same problem with DVD's and that fixed the problem.
B003HLM2QO|5.0|Very well delivered new solo album. This album for me is better than Black Rain and possibly his best since no more tears. The Ozzy man has once again delivered metal to masses and has indeed cometh.    I never liked to guitar of Zakk. Now, come back to real metal sound. It is liking to period of Jake Lee.
B001GCUNW6|5.0|I saw this movie in theaters and thought that was ok, I bought in bluray for my kids. I watch it at home and I really like it, now I think it's he best of the 3. PQ and SQ excellent.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|This mysterious, exciting, time-shifting drama will intrigue you.     What would you do if you knew your own future, or thought you did ?
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|WHAT A WASTE OF A GREAT TALENT!!!! HIS JOKER WAS AWESOME, HE WAS AMAZING IN THE PATRIOT, SO WHEN I SEE WHAT A WASTE OF TALENT WE SUFFERED IN THIS!!!! REST IN PEACE, DUDE!!!! THE WORLD WASN'T WORTHY OF YOUR GIFT.    -=- KINJIRU -=-
B0019UGYK0|5.0|Paul Newman has made so many exceptional films it's impossible to narrow down his five, or ten, greatest gigs.  But I know one thing:  COOL HAND LUKE definitely ranks in the upper stratosphere of his career.  Playing an easy-going, aimless rebel, Newman brings his character to uber believability without even saying a word; just a grin, a smirk, a wink--and he has the audience in the palm of his hand.<br /><br />Yes, this is a prison flick, yet it's unique in that the setting is a rural prison in the Deep South that is stark and brutal and the inmates labor under a sweltering sun as a chain gang, their images reflected in the sunglasses of a rifle-toting, silent head guard.  The film is all at once humorous, compelling, menacing, and poignant; it's an anti-establishment film (there were several made during this period) where we as the audience root for the rebel--even though we know Authority is eventually going to take him down.  Playing \\"Cool Hand\\" Luke, Newman is completely likeable as he meanders through his role and bucks \\"the system\\"; he's ultimately going to lose, which points to the inevitable pathos of the story.<br /><br />Newman is supported by a topnotch cast, led by a grinning, good ol' boy George Kennedy as his enthusiastic sidekick.  I enjoyed brief appearances by so many actors who went on to have exemplary careers, including Wayne Rogers, Dennis Hopper, Ralph Waite, and Joe Don Baker (in an uncredited role).  COOL HAND LUKE is exceptional cinema and entertainment; while it might be impossible to pinpoint Paul Newman's finest role, this is definitely one of them.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B003A4IFGY|3.0|I wanted to like this CD, I really did. I've been a fan of Tom & the Heartbreakers for 3 decades now (sheesh!), and I still think they are one of the finest rock'n'roll bands to come down the pike. However, some time around the making of the 'Echo' CD the band seems to have lost its collective 'MOJO' (sorry for the bad analogy), because every CD since then has had less song-craft and more by-the-numbers mining of the band's garage-blues influences. The leadoff 'single' from MOJO, 'I Should Have Known It,' is as catchy as anything the band has waxed in the past 10 or so years. The pre-release hype about the band 'getting back to their roots,' and turning Mike Campbell loose on guitar were also intriguing. However, there really aren't that many memorable songs on the CD. Tom Petty will certainly go down as one of the greatest songwriters of all time, but the material he has turned out lately leaves much to be desired. Songs like 'Candy,' and 'US 41' sound like throwaway tunes the band might play to loosen up at a soundcheck, not tracks to include on their latest CD. Many of the other songs are based on simple I-IV-V chord progressions that the Heartbreakers can (and probably do) play in their sleep - and are the kind of tunes most competent bar bands could play every bit as crisply as the versions on this CD. I miss the days when Petty wrote well-crafted songs, and the offerings on this disc certainly do not stand up to his better work.
0375413405|5.0|The book shipped as indicated by the seller. When it reached my home in time, it was in perfect condition. I would purchase from this seller again in the future.
0805053883|4.0|This is a pleasant follow-up to [[ASIN:0805047905 Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?]], What Do You See?, with the rhythmic refrain changed by one word.  This volume focuses on animals found in the zoo and the sounds they make: Polar bear, lion, hippo, flamingo, zebra, boa constrictor, elephant, leopard, peacock, walrus, finishing with the zookeeper and children, who playfully imitate the animals.  It's characterized by pleasant, predictable repetition and Eric Carle's wonderfully playful collage illustrations.<br /><br />Like Brown Bear, this book is well suited to the preschool crowd and could make a confidence-building practice reader.
B000GCFO0I|3.0|When a young girl named Sharon (Jodelle Ferland) suffers from dangerous bouts of sleepwalking, her adopted mother Rose (Radha Mitchell) brings her to Silent Hill against the wishes of her husband Chris (Sean Bean). Drawn to the mysterious town by Sharon's dreams, they arrive to find that Silent Hill has been abandoned for many years due to an underground mine fire. Ignoring the warnings, they enter the town anyway, but Rose crashes her car and is knocked unconscious. She awakes to find that Sharon has disappeared, and Rose must venture through a town that seems to shift between alternate dimensions of ash-covered wasteland and rusted-metal nightmare, avoiding bizarre creatures along the way to find her daughter and uncover the truth behind the strange town.    One thing has to be said about Silent Hill - it looks incredible. It perfectly captures the visual aesthetic of the video games that the film is based upon. Unfortunately, the story isn't as impressive. Like most movies made from a video game, the film's story seems to share passing similaririties with the game, but that's usually where the similarities end. The filmmakers typically decide to tell a different story, an approach that is understandable yet disappointing. Here, the film's plot seems weakly strung together, making it hard to follow for long stretches and leaving you wondering what is really going on. And to make matters worse, a huge chunk of exposition that finally explains everything is dropped like a bomb late in the film, leaving the storytelling feeling unbalanced.     Another element that felt odd was the subplot of Chris' search for Rose and Sharon. He follows them to Silent Hill, but he never enters the town's alternate ash and rust dimensions, remaining in reality while finding hints and clues to Sharon's past and the town's dark history. Perhaps if the unraveling of the film's backstory was addressed in the main plot instead of the subplot, the film would feel more cohesive.     One aspect of note is that the film's cast is largely female, from Rose, Sharon, police officer Cybil (Laurie Holden), and cult leader Christabella (Alice Krige). The male characters seem to be relegated to the subplot and feel unimportant. Not that there's anything wrong with a largely female cast, it just seems abnormal for a film based on a video game, where the target audience is comprised mostly by the young males who play the games. The lead characters in video games are typically male, since that makes it easier for the male players to identify with. There are the exceptions like Tomb Raider's Lara Croft, but those characters usually had the allure of sex appeal to go along with the role as the lead character. At no point are the characters in Silent Hill presented in a sexual manner, so its cast of largely female lead characters is rather unusual.    In all, Silent Hill is a film that looks beautiful and tries to take its source material seriously though not strictly adhering to it, and for those reasons alone make it one of the better video game movies out there. But unfortunately, its loosely-weaved plot makes it difficult to follow and prevents the film from being one of the better horror films in recent memory.
1569242739|5.0|I have baked my way through most of this cookbook. I've sent them out into the community for friendly get togethers, bake sales and classroom parties and they are always some of the first to go. Though I am at the point where I like to tweak them to be a little more 'me' simply following the recipes in this book is a sure fire way to produce a plethora of baked goods that aren't just \\"yeah, I guess it's good for something that's vegan good\\" but \\"ZOMG gimme the recipe good\\".  Cupcakes are really coming more into style and I think it's fantastic that there are a lot of vegan in the movement as well. Plus, the majority of the recpies don't require speciality ingredients but were already hanging out in my well stocked vegan pantry. Point and case, \\"Of course they are vegan, they are too delicous to be anything else!\\"
031606792X|5.0|For those who gave it a 1 star rating--you truly don't know what a Teen Novel is all about. Don't forget that this is fiction, it is not real, and it's all imaginary. If you can't handle that, then there's no reason for your negative comments because this story is unique, original, and well written **hint for teens!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I was speachless with the images in this BD it's a must have for every HDTV owner
0805047905|4.0|This immensely popular toddler book features a procession of animals, introduced by the same chant addressed to the preceding animal: \\"Brown Bear, Brown Bear, what do you see?\\" The animal answers, \\"I see a red bird looking at me.\\"  Then the page is turned to reveal a red bird, who is asked the same question, and answers that a yellow duck is looking at her.  In this way a blue horse, green frog, purple cat, black sheep, and gold fish are introduced, who finally mention the teacher and children who are looking at them (presumably from outside the book, as well as being pictured in its pages.)<br /><br />The predictable format, rhymic repetition, pleasing collage illustrations, and systematic introduction of colors with animal names have endeared this book to children and those who teach them since its publication 40 years ago.  It has been translated into many languages and is read around the world.  It is well suited to toddlers, and can also work as a confidence-building early beginning reader.
B003EYVY0E|5.0|Harry Potter 3 Ultimate Update! (No Extended Edition of Film Included)  The Digital Bits website had the following posted On 7/14:  \\"Well, I would say the big release news today, is that Warner Home Video has just announced the next pair of Harry Potter Ultimate Edition box sets. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire will both street on DVD and Blu-ray on 10/19  All of the previous DVD and Blu-ray special features will be included, along with the new Creating the World of Harry Potter Part 3: Creatures documentary (on Azkaban) and Creating the World of Harry Potter Part 4: Sound & Music (on Goblet of Fire). Each will also include a bonus Digital Copy. Azkaban will also include a 48-Page Creatures photo book, 2 collectible Character Cards (Hermione Granger and Sirius Black) and a Year 3 Lenticular Card, while Goblet of Fire will include a 44-Page Sound & Music photo book, 2 more collectible Character Cards (Ronald Weasley and Alastor \\"Mad-Eye\\" Moody) and a Year 4 Lenticular Card. [Editor's Note: We have confirmed with WHV that - unlike the first two Potter UEs - there will be no extended versions of the films on these sets.]\\"
030745455X|5.0|What a ride, couldn't put the book down. Even better than the Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Can't wait to read the last book in the trilogy
B003U9QYU8|5.0|She says she's only trying help them before she went missing, but pushing someone to reveal something that could destroy a family, get off your freakin' high horse, Ms. \\"I am still here, bitches. And I know everything!\\"  Than, proceeds to be an utter bitch herself to everyone she \\"sussopedly\\" cares about.
0670021652|1.0|This was not the book I thought it would be.  I felt that Elizabeth Gilbert just kept going in all different dirrections.  It was hard to even follow her thoughts and ideas.  After loving her last book, I was left puzzled and lost as to what she was trying to accomplish in the book.
B003ICWTR4|5.0|Awesome DVD and even better in Blu-Ray.  My only question is, my DVD's audio is not synched 100%. On my copy, when Bruce sings, he is a little ahead of the audio. Does anyone else see this or is it just my copy? Please let me know.  This performance is so good that even with the audio a little out of synch, it still rocks.
0446563048|5.0|This is one of the best business books I ever read! It is highly motivational and fun to read. A couple of highlights:<br /><br />1) Importance of the cash flow: nothing terribly new, but this book illustrates it better than any other book, especially the part when the fate of their entire company depended on a psychic that held potential customer from buying Tony's party loft<br /><br />2) Importance of having fun: Tony left his super-highly-paid job at Microsoft because it was mostly about the money and there was little feeling of accomplishment and fun about it. Why would anyone spend a huge part of his or her life onto something they have no passion about?<br /><br />3) Importance of company's culture: the success of Zappos is largely based on their success with creating the right zealot-like company culture, and not just on paper by HR. How many companies can ask their employees about the culture and then not only get some meaningful answers but also can publish then in a book without heavy editing.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|Arrived the day it said it would, was in the condition advertised...very pleased with this purchase. Not to mention it was cheaper here than what I would have paid in the stores...AND I was credited some money back. Gotta love this site!
B003SCSQQM|5.0|Wonder if Ali confessed when she visited Jenna the next day after the stink bomb incident!
0723257639|5.0|Received the boxed set promptly in EXCELLENT condition!  My grandson loves the child-sized books and enjoys picking out the story he wants to \\"read\\".
1439190275|5.0|I was one of those guys who just couldn't get enough soda, pasta and candybars. I was also the guy that said that Atkins was a bunch of crap. Boy was I wrong. I've been going for about two weeks now and i've lost 15 lbs. Clothes are fitting better, I have more energy now that I've gotten over the post-carb slump. I feel great, its improved my mood. As much as I hate to eat crow, I guess I'll have to say that I'm a believer. Thank you Atkins.
B002VPE1OS|5.0|I recommend these protectors, they work well, keep your screen from getting scratched.  good quality.  I wasn't impressed with the packaging of how they were shipped from amazon though, they came in a huge box, what a waste of packaging.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|Love his sound. Whatever mood I'm in it transports me to another time and place were I'm left soothed and relaxed. I love all the songs on the CD but particularly \\"Whatever It Takes\\". I recommend this CD.
B003UYLEHQ|5.0|The one that really shouldn't be having \\"secrets\\" from her family and friends, is Emily...she's a lesbian, so what!
B00386EZJU|5.0|I was excited and pleased when I heard the soundtrack on the big screen.  I then looked forward to purchasing the soundtrack itself.  Currently listening to it and am transported to the visuals on the big screen.  Thanks John Powell!  And thanks Amazon.com.
B002ZG98M8|4.0|As any horror sci-fi movie fan let it be known that I love Predator. Its an absolute guy movie that got a simplistic sequel and in one of the worst ideas ever a teamup with another iconic movie creature. That said Predators is a fan service movie at the most, and a slick reworking of the franchise using The Most Dangerous Game as the idea of a backdrop. Thankfully its not a terrible movie- its better than Predator 2, but it has a few problems keeping it from being the amazing must see movie of the summer.   I'll start with the bad in saying that truthfully I could have done without the fan service, little homages sprinkled throughout meant to make the fanboy's go crazy in recognition. Adrien Brody mudded up shouting for a Predator to kill him, not one but two Billy scenes, or an odd tumble off a cliff over a waterfall. To me these scenes were more groan worthy than anything else and would have been better cut from the script (excluding I suppose a familiar song that plays over the end credits). Add to that a character overacted by Laurence Fishburne, and the fact that however buff He may get and however gruff He can make his voice I still couldn't consider Adrien Brody as an action hero.  That said everything else worked for me. Nimrod Antal is a director I've been waiting to have a breakout movie. While this doesn't come close to matching the brilliance of his debut it draws on his strengths to be better than his Hollywood output in Vacancy and the boring Armored.  The movie draws on his ability I think to find some absoultely alien enviroments mixing scenery from Texas and Hawaii to regular studio scenes. Action scenes work at points and really the movie moves at a nice clip even though it doesn't really take off until the Predators actually come into play.   I was speaking about the action. Its definitely designed rather well in places. The final showdown is well done and executed as an idea on how Brody can take on a Predator in hand to hand. But being a Japanese samurai movie fan the showdown between the three fingered Yakuza and a Predator with its wide angles and blowing grass was the best homage possible in my opinion.  Acting wise most of it ranks from good to okay. I like Louis Ozawa Changiens mystical Yakuza who gets the final Billy standoff. Topher Grace makes a good showing as weak Edwin, a character nobody can figure out till the end. But by far the best character is Walton Goggins Stans, a death row inmate played for comedic relief who did get some good laughs and one of the best death scenes. After this, The Shield and Justified, Goggins will get a lot more respect from me.  In the end Predators is a good movie with problems. It might now work for everyone but I had a good time watching itt
030726999X|5.0|Yes I am also sad that the adventures of Lisbeth Salander are at an end. No need to review what the book is about, readers can find that anywhere.<br />I give the book 5 stars because it was more gripping than previous book and had less holes in it. The best parts of course are when Lisbeth is out doing her thing, but half the book is about others doing their thing as it relates to Salander. The ending of the book was great and I knew that there would have to be one final confrontation concerning Lisbeth. Pretty good how Larsson put it together. These books are not for everyone and a lot of people can't get into them for different reasons. Thats ok I can understand to some extent. The reason I like them so much is all to do with Salander. Blomkvist is a little too goody goody in my view. I think he's to much what Larsson probably envisioned for himself to be. There's a definite theme to all these books regarding all the creeps out there that prey on women. All in all these books were a great series and I've also watched the movies of the first 2. I can now watch the last one too. I think I'll read all these books again within the next year. Sometimes they can be a little difficult with all the Swedish names and places.
B00144VBBS|5.0|A late convert to Toby Keith!  His \\"Greatest Hits\\" is real great country music!
0143039431|5.0|The 1930s was a valley of despair as dictators arose in Europe; the Great Depression weakened America and the Dust Bowl and other ecological disasters swept across the southwestern states.<br /> John Steinbeck (1902-68) wrote \\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" telling the story of the migrant workers hegira from their Oklahoma and neighboring states homes westward to the California orange and cotton fields. In this remarkable novel we travel, suffer, laugh, cry, mourn and endure with the Joad family of Sallisaw, Oklahoma. The 455 page Penguin edition is nicely edited including footnotes and a useful introduction and bibliography of books about the novel and its author John Steinbeck.<br />  The Joads are forced to leave their home following a bank foreclosure. They decide to travel to California based on a handbill promising good jobs in the golden state. They ruefully discover that this is a false promise to induce hundreds of thousands to travel west so that the owners won't have to pay the workers a decent wage. The journey is analogous to the Hebrews slaves escape from Egyptian captivity as they sought out the Promised Land under the leadership of Moses in the bibilcal book of Exodus. Consider the affinities:<br />1. 12 persons are in the Joad party as there were 12 tribes of Israel.<br />2. The elderly grandparents grandpa and grandma Joad die before California is reached; similar to the death of Moses on Mount Horeb and the death of the exodus generation before Israel was settled.<br />3. Water and the crossing of rivers is important in both Exodus and The Grapes of Wrath.<br />  The book has many memorable characters:<br />Rose of Sharon-This Joad young woman is deserted by her husband Connie while she is pregnant. In the last unforgettable scene of the book she gives her breast filled with milk to a starving vagrant in a dank barn.<br />Noah Joad is a mentally damaged Joad son who decides to stay by a river and fish instead of moving west with the family.<br />Al Joad is the youngest Joad brother. He chases girls in all the camps the family stays in and keeps the beat up truck going down the road. As the novel ends he is engaged to be married to a fellow migrant girl of 16.<br />  The book abounds in minor characters which range from a determined turtle eager to reach his destination (much like the Joads are eager to reach the Golden State); slutty waitresses, burly truck drivers and fellow migrants suffering the slings and arrows of Depression era poverty. The language in The Grapes of Wrath is graphic, profane and based on the ungrammatical speech of poorly educated country people.<br />  The novel's title \\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" is taken from the second line of Julia Ward Howe's \\"The Battle Hymn of the Republic.\\" The book is a battle cry for justice to the poor migrants of the 1930's. \\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" is still a controversial novel since its publication in 1939. Interpretations and critical judgments vary. Read the book and decide for yourself! This is a great American classic every literate person should peruse. Outstanding in its gritty reality and compassion for the suffering multitudes!<br /><br />4. A dead baby is placed in a box and floats down a river in The Grapes of Wrath reminding one of Moses in the bullrushes.<br />5. Natural disaster in The Grapes of Wrath are reminiscent of the plagues of Egypt in Exodus such as drought, floods and disease.<br />  There are other biblical resonances. Jim Casey (his initials are the same as Jesus Christ) is murdered by a mob for defending the poor and weak as Jesus was crucified on the cross. Tom Joad is a doubting Thomas figure and Uncle John with his insistence on sin reminds us of John the Baptist.<br /><br />The book is filled with memorable characters:<br />Tom Joad-the prodigal son who murders a man in a fight and is sent to prison; later he will kill again in defense of Jim Casey. Tom was played with brilliance by Henry Fonda in the John Ford classic film \\"The Grapes of Wrath.\\"<br />Ma Joad is the matriarch of the family. Tough and sentimental she holds the family together.<br />Rose of Sharon-Deserted by her husband Connie she is pregnant. In the last unforgettable scene of the book she will give her breast to a man who is starving and needs milk.<br />Ruthie and her brother are children.<br />Noah is a mentally deficient Joad who leaves the family to live by a river.<br />Tom Joad Sr. is somewhat weak and defers to Ma Joad in family decisions.<br />Al is the young hot pants brother of Tom and Noah who is a good driver and keeps the truck going which transports the family to California.<br />  There are many memorable minor characters; destitute families, waitresses at the diners on the road; animals such as the turtle who symbolizes the determination of the Joads to cross the road and move forward; dogs and the animals of the night. The book is also exquisite in its portrait of the American landscape in the hardscrabble years of the 1930s. Steinbeck is a genius at reproducing how poor Americans talked at this time. The language is ungrammatical and laced with profanity and folk wisdom.<br />  The best place the Joads were able to stay was the Weedpatch federal camp based on one Steinbeck visited. The novel takes its title from Julia Ward Howe's \\"The Battle Hymn of the Republic.\\" This book is a battle cry for justice for the poor and the need for Americans to work together to restore dignity and hope to the millions who were devastated by economic hard times.<br />  The Grapes of Wrath is a controversial novel with many interpretations being offered. Every American needs to read this book; decide for yourself and read this essential novel of the American experience by a great author!<br />You will never forget \\"The Grapes of Wrath.\\"she holds the family together.  Rose of Sharon-Deserted by her husband Connie she is pregnant. In the last unforgettable scene of the book she will give her breast to a man who is starving and needs milk.   Ruthie and her brother are children.  Noah is a mentally deficient Joad who leaves the family to live by a river.  Tom Joad Sr. is somewhat weak and defers to Ma Joad in family decisions.  Al is the young hot pants brother of Tom and Noah who is a good driver and keeps the truck going which transports the family to California.    There are many memorable minor characters; destitute families, waitresses at the diners on the road; animals such as the turtle who symbolizes the determination of the Joads to cross the road and move forward; dogs and the animals of the night. The book is also exquisite in its portrait of the American landscape in the hardscrabble years of the 1930s. Steinbeck is a genius at reproducing how poor Americans talked at this time. The language is ungrammatical and laced with profanity and folk wisdom.     The best place the Joads were able to stay was the Weedpatch federal camp based on one Steinbeck visited. The novel takes its title from Julia Ward Howe's \\"The Battle Hymn of the Republic.\\" This book is a battle cry for justice for the poor and the need for Americans to work together to restore dignity and hope to the millions who were devastated by economic hard times.     The Grapes of Wrath is a controversial novel with many interpretations being offered. Every American needs to read this book; decide for yourself and read this essential novel of the American experience by a great author!  You will never forget \\"The Grapes of Wrath.\\"
B00127RAJY|5.0|I was really nervous about doing this DVD because I know that I have had trouble in the past with her workouts. I have a heart condition so I need to be careful with what I choose to do for exercise. I find that I can get through the entire first level no major issues. I tend to modify the cardio just a smidge by doing 1 set of jumping jacks only and then for the other sets I do the cardio punching in circuit 2 because it keeps my heart rate up without putting me at risk of a heart attack of sorts. I find it works well for me. I also find that this DVD is not only great for a 20 minute workout but that my yoga mat is soaked at the end of the workout (as am I with sweat). This DVD is great for a quick, calorie smoldering workout. I highly recommend this DVD.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|All I can say is wow!  The writing is excellent and the cast really complements each other well.  The best way to sum up this series is old west meets the future.  It is truly an amazing series and it is terrible how it is canceled.  If you are actually reading this review then stop, click the add to cart button and prepare to be entertained.  If you like shows that think on their feet, are witty/funny and relatable then this is for you.  Congrats on a great series Joss, you killed it on this one.
B00005JNEW|4.0|I love the Friday Night Lights tv show, and had always wanted to see the movie.  It was different, but also excellent. :)
B001NLKT60|5.0|Now that I've finished two of the three books in the series, reading the third one will be bittersweet.  Many of the characters are the same as in \\"Dragon Tattoo\\" but with more development.  Blomkvist is not the center but the story couldn't be told without him.  Salander becomes more intense (if that's possible) than in the previous book.  The scenes jump around in the greater Stockholm area and the reader feels the temperature, wind, bumpy roads and terror with each character.  Just like the last book, it's very much a page-turner.<br /><br />One word of advice:  don't read this one until you've read the first book.  Although it stands alone, it's much more meaningful if read in chronological order.  Be prepared if you read before you go to bed to end up tired the next morning because it's a \\"can't put down\\" kind of book!
030726999X|4.0|I loved the first two installments of this trilogy, especially the first one.  I found this one to be more cumbersome, less page-turning, and sometimes too complicated for its own good.  I found myself having to jot notes and charts on a separate piece of paper in order to track who was spying on who, what their goals were, etc.  I liked the more linear nature of \\"Dragon Tatoo\\" the best of all the books.
B003UOQMGO|5.0|A symphony orchestra recording pop classics by Sting and the Police. Sounds like one of those records from the 1980s or 1990s, right? Like [[ASIN:B000002SLJ this one]]. Except this time it's the Bard of Newcastle himself doing the honors. Backed by chamber orchestras with about 45 players, Sting takes us through a collection of some of this greatest hits in orchestral format. He is backed on the various tracks by the New York Chamber Consort, the London Players, and the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra -- as well as many members of his usual rock band.<br /><br />This is a really enjoyable record. Some of the orchestral covers are surprisingly literal recreations of the original music. Even the Police's hard-rocking \\"Next to You\\", which kicks off the album (as it used to kick off many early Police concerts), follows the original's music very closely, transcribed into orchestral format. The result is, surprisingly, very successful. And \\"Englishman in New York\\" may be hard for the casual listener to distinguish from the original.<br /><br />But there are some big changes here too. \\"Roxanne\\" is de-reggaefied, and goes into more of a love ballad feel. The songs are often slower than the originals -- several times while listening to it, I recalled an earlier quote by Stewart Copeland: \\"Sting thought everything was too fast.\\"<br /><br />\\"We Work the Black Seam\\" is the one track that doesn't have full orchestral accompaniment, instead relying on a brass section alone to carry the familiar synthesizer riff of the original track. \\"She's Too Good For Me\\", like \\"Next to You\\" is a rocker where the string section gets a workout.<br /><br />A lesser-known Police track, \\"I Burn for You\\", has always been one of my favorites. It gets a nice dreamlike treatment here, with suitably funky but restrained percussion at the end -- the only problem being that the ending comes far too soon. On this track, and many others, the general approach has been to pay respect and make references to the originals, without being bound by them. The results are successful overall.<br /><br />Note that the music is not purely orchestral -- there are still electric and acoustic guitars, bass, and drums on many tracks, though not all.<br /><br />The MP3 version has \\"Whenever I Say Your Name\\" as a bonus track -- and most welcome, a digital booklet in PDF format. This looks basically like it must be the CD booklet in digital form, with changes to reflect the bonus track. The album, like Sting's other forays into classical and faux classical music, has been released on the Deutsche Grammophon label.<br /><br />A very good album overall that deserves a listen. This one will be a regular on my stereo for a while. Highly recommended for Sting and Police fans.ng bound by them. The results are successful overall.    Note that the music is not purely orchestral -- there are still electric and acoustic guitars, bass, and drums on many tracks, though not all.     The MP3 version has \\"Whenever I Say Your Name\\" as a bonus track -- and most welcome, a digital booklet in PDF format. This looks basically like it must be the CD booklet in digital form, with changes to reflect the bonus track. The album, like Sting's other forays into classical and faux classical music, has been released on the Deutsche Grammophon label.     A very good album overall that deserves a listen. This one will be a regular on my stereo for a while. Highly recommended for Sting and Police fans.
B003FK8V7G|4.0|I was very impressed the first time I heard the Gaslight Anthem and their The 59 Sound album when it first came out.  I had that album playing at least once a day for almost 2 months straight when I first bought it.  It was just exciting to hear a fresh new rock and roll band that reminded me of great rock bands from the past, but in their own way kept it fresh and new.  These guys are talented song writers and they didn't disappoint me with the new American Slang album.  They seem like they have progressed on their song writing abilities while still taking some things here and there from their inspirations (Springsteen, The Clash).  The lyrics have matured a little more too.  This was definitely a step forward for this band as far as progressing their sound goes, but still keeping a lot of what I loved about the 59 sound.  I think The 59 Sound was a little easier to grab a hold of quicker and a had some better choruses throughout the whole album, but that shouldn't take anything away from this album.  It will keep you interested for awhile and brings a little something new to the Gaslight Anthem sound not to mention it has some pretty rocking songs on it.  It's simple, if you enjoyed The 59 Sound you will surely like this album, if you have never heard these guys before, if you enjoy good old American Rock and Roll with hints of blues and punk chances are pretty good you will like these guys.    Personal favorites for me on this album: American Slang, The Diamond Church Street Choir, The Queen of Lower Chelsea, Orphans, and Boxer.
B00122HT04|5.0|something can be called great when it cannot be compared to anything else. being a loser like i am, i could almost predict the fad that was twilight compared to an everlasting harry potter series just because twilight was called \\"the next harry potter\\". how many times has this happened? how many nexts michael jordans have their been? a hundred. how many have become everything jordan was, on and off the court? none. because greatness is finding a new path that no one found before. and thats just what A7X has done.    i will admit, i was nervous about this album. sounding the seventh trumpet was good, for kids in high school, and i was a classic rock purist anyway. then i heard waking the fallen. wow, they have talent and can right coherent non-screaming songs other than \\"warmness on the soul\\" a great song despite bad lyrics and \\"streets\\" which felt unfinished. and then it was city of evil, their most successful album for a reason. it was their best, plainly put. they had created a new place like zeppelin, the beatles, nirvana, the who, hendrix, and gnr had done before them. and yet, they are not new versions of these bands. a great guitarist the best drummer in the world and a strong voice has been used before, but their song writing talent was the beauty. to arrange songs in the way they do is talent beyond any other band today. this album is great in its own right, and different from the others. stand out tracks such as a little piece of heaven, gunslinger, dear god, and lost are special because their different from the past albums. critical acclaim is great just because i agree with it, but thats besides the point. a great album from the best band of the decade, avenged sevenfold will not disappoint.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|Absolutely amazing packaging! A big puple velvet book containing all the season of SATC plus an extra disc that's impossible to get outside this collection. Top notch quality collection!!
0470477237|5.0|If you have anything active to do with social media right now then you know, at least in principle, pretty much everything Erik Qualman has got to say - you're already converted to the \\"why\\" of social media.<br /><br />Where this book is great though is in presenting a huge variety of case studies and examples of people doing really well and not very well within the social media space. So even if you are one of the converted it still has lots going for it.<br /><br />If however you, or one of your clients, thinks twitter is just people posting messages about getting coffee or watching tv shows and facebook is just a means of people posting silly pictures of their weekend antics then this book will be extremely valuable as it makes the case for how businesses and individuals need to embrace the way the social web works and will provide invaluable insight into how other businesses are moving into this space with huge effects.
0761158464|5.0|I saw this at B&N and had to get it for my star wars loving daughter (5).  She absolutely loves it and loves reading the quotes too.  I think it is pretty darn cool myself!  I agree with the other review that the images are a little dark but I still think it's a great book and will be buying another for my best friend's son for his birthday.  Oh, and buy it from Amazon, they sell it for $5 less than B&N.  I had a gift card though and had to use it!
B000KZ3BWE|1.0|What a joke......this guy gets an Academy Award.....gets incredibly rich...and will get even richer if Cap and Trade legislation passes.....and yet he flies around the world on private jets...and just bought another 10,000 + square foot mansion in California.....they should put a picture of this guy next to the definition of hypocrite in the Dictionary.     What a joke.    Anyone that willingly hands over their own money to buy/watch this is a fool.
B0019LY5IM|4.0|The season itself is pretty good, but it starts slow. Some of the extras were interesting, but not really that great. There weren't that many commentaries (Battlestar Galactica has a commentary for nearly every episode). If you like LOST, there's no reason you won't enjoy owning season 5. My only real complaint is the price. It's the same price as the other seasons, but there are only 16 episodes (compared to the usual 24). The producers and network decided to make 16, which is fine, but don't charge me the same amount for less product.
0446563048|5.0|A warning to start - unless you like (or at least don't mind) Tony's very casual writing style (the book reads like he talks) this book could be off-putting.<br /><br />This book, part anecdote and part vision statement, gives true insight into the mechanics of Zappos and how service has permeated every single part of their existence. I never knew how close they were to closing their doors and the extraordinary commitment Tony had to literally throw everything he had into the business to keep it going and with all of the Zappos crew created the critical mass needed to turn it into one of the largest and most highly respected retailers in modern history.<br /><br />Anyone who has any service component to their business needs to read this book - probably twice - to understand how important customer service is and how with the simple premise of making people happy it can completely change the way a business operates, looks after it's employees and lead it to profit too.
B003J27WFW|5.0|A must-see for any Rush fan. I enjoyed this film from opening image until the end.<br />from the beginnings to now. Love that band like no other...
0439023483|5.0|I'm not quite sure how to write any sort of review for this. All I know is that I absolutely loved this book! I shied away from it for a long time after hearing it was about teenagers battling it out to the death (sounded pretty gruesome), but after all the reviews, I had to try it out. I'm so glad I did! I am officially obsessed with the series. It was well written, & sent me on a huge rollcoaster ride of emotions - excitement, anger, joy, anxiety, sadness, frustration. It reminded me in many ways of [[ASIN:B000CDH2XS Lord of the Flies]] & [[ASIN:0374529531 The Lottery]](a particular favorite short story that I remember from high school - showing a community's way of keeping \\"peace\\" through horrendous means). I highly recommend this & am excited to get to the next book in the series!
B003CN5SAY|4.0|\\"Nip/Tuck - The Sixth and Final Season\\" is a five-disc set containing 19 episodes.      This season, the struggling practice of McNamara and Troy manages to stay afloat in a downturned economy thanks to Dr. Mike Hamoui (Mario Lopez), a plastic surgeon who brings a very unique niche specialty to their business.      Sean (Dylan Walsh) marries Teddy (Rose McGowan), while Christian (Julian McMahon) is sued for divorce by a heartbroken and angry Liz (Roma Maffia).  Matt (John Hensley) decides to attend mime school in an effort to start a new career, but his new vocation lands him in jail.    The shows are well acted and their scripts engaging and superior to most TV series dramas.  The directors manage to maintain a consistent tone with irony, tongue-in-cheek humor, and crisp, witty dialogue.     Bonus material includes the featurette \\"Tell Me What You Don't Like About Yourself - The Psychology Behind Plastic Surgery,\\" which examines new trends in plastic surgery and explores why people become surgery addicts.
0061353248|5.0|Absolutely brilliant read. Dan is a magnificent author who has turned the very dry subject of economics into a fascinating series of practical experiments that enlighten and amuse. He has a very relaxed and informal style that will especially appeal to those that are not that interested in the mathematics or the deeper science.<br /><br />If you can, ensure you get the revised and expanded edition as there is a lot of additional insight around further experiments and updated things that have happened in the world since the book was originally written, such as the global financial crisis.<br /><br />Very good book and well worth a read.
B000UR9T8W|5.0|My son loves all of the Spiderman movies. He was so happy to receive and watch them all.
0385737947|5.0|Talk about amazing! I absolutely loved this book! It is my favorite YA dystopian sci-fi I think I've read to date (granted I haven't read [[ASIN:0439023483 The Hunger Games]] yet, which I hear is incredible). I am SO excited for the next book in this series, [[ASIN:0385738757 The Scorch Trials]], to come out. This book was so eerie, & I couldn't put it down. While reading it, I kept thinking about [[ASIN:0812550706 Ender's Game]] & [[ASIN:B000CDH2XS Lord of the Flies]] - it gave me the same sense of curiousity, nervousness, excitement.   The Maze Runner is definitely worth owning - I actually checked it out from the library, & as soon as I finished, went online to order it. I'm excited for the day when I can read it again with my children & have them experience it too. Wow - I'm stunned!
0307454541|3.0|I don't get the hype.  It took FOREVER getting going and then it wasn't that great when it finally did start.  The book took too much time with Blomkvist and not enough with Salandar who is way more interesting than him.  If it was more focused on her then it could have been really good.  The 'pay off' was like...meh.  I didn't really care if that person was the killer or not.  It wasn't like I was shocked...it was more like...'oh'.  I'm sure there's a ton of thrillers better than this one.  Go find one of them.
0736092269|3.0|very good book  wish they had more exercises   focusing on the hard areas for   women to lose weight, such as   hips and upper legs.
067144901X|5.0|This was our first Boynton book for baby.<br /><br />My husband and I have different storytelling styles that include whispering, singing, and so on.<br /><br />This book (as with most of Boynton's books) allow for a wide range of style in storytelling that can accommodate different reading adults AND the growing child.<br /><br />The same story can have a different narrative voice, as it were, for years to come.
B002C6A6N6|1.0|I am so disappointed in the quality of these DVDs.  I am an American working in another country.  I ordered the complete season set and had them delivered to family and they mailed them to me overseas.  Needless to say, it was expensive and time-consuming to get them!  We started season 1 last night.  So far, after two episodes, the DVD sound is off.  It's like watching an old Kung-Fu movie.  The mouth moves and then the words are delayed seconds later.  I really hope all the seasons are not this way.  It is not so easy to return them now that we are overseas.
044661758X|4.0|As always, Connelly's writing interests you from the first sentence and keeps you guessing right up to the end.
B0000067L3|4.0|Having heard \\"Disreali Gears\\" with full adult understanding   and musical appreciation at the age of 17 in 1981, I set about   exploring the rest of the albums which made this \\"super-group\\"   so great to my father's generation. As a kid I had always heard   certain songs by them, but as a kid you never fully \\"get it\\"   the way you do when you're older and have experienced life.  This one, 1968's \\"Wheels Of Fire\\" ranks in as my second favorite   album by CREAM. Songs like \\"White Room\\", their blazing psychedelic   reading of the Robert Johnson blues classic \\"Crossroads\\", \\"Toad\\",   Wille Dixon's \\"Spoonful\\", \\"Passing The Time\\" and \\"Born Under A Bad Sign\\"   are the ones that drew me into this one first.   I just love the rawness, experimentation, and the trio's   fearlessness to embrace all the funk and the griminess of   bluesy psychedelic rock in a way that few of the european   persuasion had ever dared to! They were a group who was very much   in the van garde of their times, yet they were very true to the past   and unpolished soul of the blues which fueled their flights of   psychedelic rock fancy! (-:  In other words, these guys understood and had a healthy   respect for the artists who had pioneered blues music,   so they could walk sure footed into what it was they were   trying to communicate.  THAT IS what I think gave CREAM their edge over most   of their competition in their time.   Anywayz, having said that, this is a pretty solid follow up to   \\"Disreali Gears\\". There are few tracks on here I could do   without today because they're dated, but overall, I still give it 4 stars.
0399226907|5.0|This is a perennial staple in the children's books collection I've amassed over the years.    When my son started showing interest in being read-to, I pulled out my trusty old, paperback version of this book.    BIG NO NO with a teething baby.    Our local children's librarian said that it's a great idea to allow babies to explore 'reading' with all senses, including mouth.    As my little guy liked the imagery enough to eat, I opted for the board version of this book and am VERY pleased with it...so is my baby's hungry little mouth :)
B000IZJZLM|5.0|Il Divo does it again!  Although this CD was recorded a few years ago and I already had newer albums, I decided to buy it because of the melodies that it included. These men have incredible voices and the arrangements are fantastic.  Definitely recommend it to everyone - whether you are a new or old fan.
B0000009SG|5.0|This cd showcases some of Frank Zappa's most creative & most musical work. Highlighted by Ruth Underwood's vocals, the riffs  are absolute genius, even though some of the lyrics might be deemed offensive. You have to listen closely to be offended!  This is a band that will never be emulated because of its sheer genius!
0553119222|4.0|I recieved this book less than a week after I order it and it was in excellent condition
7885142418|4.0|So this movie hit theaters in Hong Kong 2.5 months ago and I just saw it on dvd... figures that the video quality on the disk was pretty bad, but that's the price I pay for these bootlegs (bought elsewhere, not on Amazon).  Anywho, I think the original was better for having more story, a bit more drama, but this sequel has more action for sure, as much as they could squeeze in.  I'd like to thank director Wilson Yip for ONCE AGAIN directing a movie that saw Donnie Yen and Sammo Hung fight.  I knew that was coming, and it was amazing, as was all the action, but there were a couple big surprises for me, mainly because I just didn't know much going in.  First, Yen has a fight right before Sammo with the one and only LO MENG!!!  The other surprise was that the second half of this movie is just like Rocky IV.  Yes, really, thought the entire thing would be about rival schools, but that's just the first half.  The first half is still superior, but the second wasn't too much of a letdown.  You still get to see Yen do his thing.  A couple characters came back from the original film that didn't need to, and they felt obligated to address Bruce Lee in the end, but I'm still saying this is a must-see for action fans due to the modern-day miracle and action god that is Donnie Yen.  He is to be treasured for sure.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|I was THRILLED to find out that Sir David Attenborough was narrating this.I buy most of my things through [...]..he let's me know what/when/where/price..he does all the research for you..and you get his newsletter once a day with the deals..not many..the most would be 15 /day to look at..so sign up..I have made at least 25 purchases through his research...and this DVD was an example of one buy...I loved the Discovery series,got a Sony Bluray & LG Flatscreen(from Brads)...and my FIRST bluray DVD was this series. I was so HAPPY to find out that someone other than Oprah was narrating it & somewhat surprised cause I know she is super picky about projects. I guess for the American audience they did her voice & for everyone else David's voice as it is BBC's production. I did get a bit tired of hearing Oprah's voice around hour #5...I never tire of Davids voice..it has always calmed me and I always relate his voice to anything to do with nature. As a kid, way before any of these specials, I was fascinating by anything to do with nature.I could spend hours looking at an ant farm in my back yard..How the heck did they know where to go and find their way BACK home?? those were my thoughts at 7/8/9 years old..not to mention the butterflies and how the heck did they come out of the worm thing???...always fascinated me and as an adult, it takes me further & more interested now more than ever about our environment. If you have ANY joy at looking at nature films, this bluray series is just FOUR discs and about 16 hours of breathtaking capture of nature at it's BEST!.They spared not a penny or PATIENCE from the naturists in waiting for the SHOT!!..they have the making after each hour..you will see how long these people waited to get that ONE shot of flying fish or that white shark/whale? taking a chance in getting a meal to beach himself for that baby seal..some people can not watch this BUT they will eat a whole piece of steak!!..that is what amazes me also..I am in the medical field..I didn't choose it, it chose me and all for a living..but it made me happy to be on this Earth and to respect EVERY living creature(I TRY very Hard living in NYC) to do that..from humans, right down to the rats/mice I see sometimes..you gain a respect  and somehow know there's a meaning to living side by side to these amazing creatures.I was blessed to visit The Great Barrier Reef, the largest living creature on this planet viewable from space..you get there,I swear..you feel like you are NOTHING compared to what is going on around you..your life is minuscule, compared to what is happening around you...so pay attention when you walk in your local gardens,forests,gardens..there's a whole community happening down there...party WITH THEM!!<br /><br />CHEERS...<br />TONY(NYC)eld..I didn't choose it, it chose me and all for a living..but it made me happy to be on this Earth and to respect EVERY living creature(I TRY very Hard living in NYC) to do that..from humans, right down to the rats/mice I see sometimes..you gain a respect  and somehow know there's a meaning to living side by side to these amazing creatures.I was blessed to visit The Great Barrier Reef, the largest living creature on this planet viewable from space..you get there,I swear..you feel like you are NOTHING compared to what is going on around you..your life is minuscule, compared to what is happening around you...so pay attention when you walk in your local gardens,forests,gardens..there's a whole community happening down there...party WITH THEM!!    CHEERS...  TONY(NYC)
B0001XALTG|5.0|I found this film by accident, and I have to say that I really enjoyed it. Love Ewan McGregor's acting. I highly recommended it.
0307120007|5.0|I'm astonished by the fact that the negative reviews all focus on the binding, and how a kid will tear or chew the book apart.  Books are not chew toys.  They are meant to be handled with some care. What do these parents do?  Throw the book in the crib and hope their kid will grow up a great reader?
B003ODL004|5.0|As I opened my CD and popped it into my Mac I was completely unaware as to what to expect from Inception. I naturally look forward to every Zimmer score since it's his music that I grew up on and it's his music that made me want to be a filmmaker. So, I hit play on iTunes, took a deep breath and closed my eyes.<br /><br />I really don't know how to describe what I experienced in those next 50 minutes, but I can say that it left such an emotional impact on me that I was still shaking after it finished. The score swells and boils and builds to an eruption that washes over you like a wave. The wave then pulls back and then washes over you again and again. The score feels uniquely personal especially by being able to isolate and pick out the solo instrumentation. While this is a very electronic heavy score it never feels synthetic and is organic in every sense of the word.<br /><br />Emotionally it can be aggressive and at times extremely harsh, but it has a gentle side of incredible beauty. What Zimmer does best is that every cue builds like a separate story on its own. Almost like a writer writing a screenplay. You could easily apply the three-act story structure to every cue in this score. The cues each have an introduction, building, climax and then resolution. It's something I've always admired about his score writing and here with Inception it's extremely evident.<br /><br />Most of the score stays extremely melodic. Exceptions would be tracks like \\"Old Souls\\" and \\"Waiting For A Train\\", which still have identifiable melodies but act more like dreamlike transition periods. \\"Mombasa\\" is an intense assault on the senses that will get your heart racing and probably leave you gasping for air. The track actually reminded me of \\"Fire\\" from Angels & Demons.<br /><br />The album finishes with \\"Time\\", which is such an extraordinarily beautiful track that reintroduces the central theme we heard in the first track. If I had to pick one track that defined this score and its composer it would probably be \\"Time\\". This is Zimmer stripped down to the bone. It builds for 3.5 minutes then comes to its climax. It then dies down to strings and piano. Soon the strings disappear and we are left with a piano that plays the extremely simple theme. A haunting echo of what we just experienced. The feeling you have when it's all over is comparable to waking up in a cold sweat after an incredibly intense and vivid dream you just had.<br /><br />I can't say yet if this is the best thing Hans Zimmer has done, but it very well may be. I've always maintained that The Thin Red Line was his masterpiece, but after experiencing Inception and the rush of emotions I felt with it I can honestly say this may be my new #1 in the book of Zimmer. As Christopher Nolan said in the liner notes of the CD \\"That's one of the most beautiful things I've ever heard.\\"e\\". This is Zimmer stripped down to the bone. It builds for 3.5 minutes then comes to its climax. It then dies down to strings and piano. Soon the strings disappear and we are left with a piano that plays the extremely simple theme. A haunting echo of what we just experienced. The feeling you have when it's all over is comparable to waking up in a cold sweat after an incredibly intense and vivid dream you just had.    I can't say yet if this is the best thing Hans Zimmer has done, but it very well may be. I've always maintained that The Thin Red Line was his masterpiece, but after experiencing Inception and the rush of emotions I felt with it I can honestly say this may be my new #1 in the book of Zimmer. As Christopher Nolan said in the liner notes of the CD \\"That's one of the most beautiful things I've ever heard.\\"
B0019M06JS|5.0|This is a great compilation for any Latin jazz lover.  If you like Krall you'll love this too.
0345457692|5.0|Altered Carbon takes the traditional noir detective yarn, packs it into the trunk of the Delorean, hits 88 m.p.h. and jumps a few centuries into the future. The future Morgan describes is one in which the human soul has been identified and digitized. People can be cloned, copied, synthesized and dropped into new bodies (called \\"sleeves\\") when they die, as long as their stack isn't destroyed.<br /><br />Enter Takeshi Kovacs, a sort of super soldier conditioned to excel in any sleeve (though he functions most effectively in ones that have been augmented with extra abilities). He gets pulled out of prison and placed into the service of Bancroft, a man over three centuries old: a Meth[uselah]. Bancroft wants him to investigate his death, which the cops have considered a suicide, because he apparently killed himself just before his data would be remotely updated and doesn't remember the past 48 hours.<br /><br />It's a great premise, and Kovacs is quickly embroiled in a world where even his own identity is in a state of flux. With strong characters and a plot that hits dead-ends, backs up, takes a shortcut and then is promptly set on fire, Altered Carbon easily holds interest for the length of its 500 pages. When I read books in this same style, I can get easily frustrated if the information is parceled either too often or in one big data dump toward the end. I never hit that point in this book. While there were a few times where Kovacs knew more than I did, I always felt like there was something I was about to find out. Morgan manipulates that anticipation, the constant trickle of insight into the mystery, like a master.<br /><br />I also really enjoyed the themes the novel hits on. One of the most basic is the question of identity, and in Altered Carbon the question becomes: what makes up the person? The past experience or the current sleeve? Kovacs experiences this kind of separation in the psyche in a romantic context, but it appears in other places throughout the book. Morgan really digs into the idea of immortality (or at least increased lifespan) as well, examining what kind of effect a life that long would have on basic human perception.<br /><br />Altered Carbon is a great example of detective writing that'll keep your thought process all kinds of tied up in the story until you finish it. You'll want to read while you drive. You'll want to read and drive, get in a car accident and go to the hospital so you can have more time to read while you convalesce.<br /><br />Don't read and drive.nto the idea of immortality (or at least increased lifespan) as well, examining what kind of effect a life that long would have on basic human perception.    Altered Carbon is a great example of detective writing that'll keep your thought process all kinds of tied up in the story until you finish it. You'll want to read while you drive. You'll want to read and drive, get in a car accident and go to the hospital so you can have more time to read while you convalesce.    Don't read and drive.
B003ICWTR4|5.0|Great performance a lot of intensity.  This is every bit as good as the Madison Sq Garden NY DVD but with newer material
B002VPE1AW|1.0|This the most sickening form of didactic and whacky environmentalism that I have ever seen or heard.  If you could strain out all the tree-hugging stuff, the goddess worship and the outright pantheism, all of which was poured on way too thick, there could be a movie worth seeing.  I would have re-written things alot so that there was a win-win for both sides.  I am shocked that movies are going down this bumpy road, but I wonder if there are any writers, producers and or directors left who could make a genuinely wholesome film without all the nature worshipping diatribe?  It has crowd pleasing stuff.  Rent it don't buy it.
B001HN6940|2.0|I usually like Tim Burton's films, not so much for dialogue - but because they are visual masterpieces, surreal, artistic wonders and have unusual beauty.<br /><br />So, ... this movie was NOT a Lewis Carol adaptation... why? because his 'Alice' is a sweet, little, and very innocent girl of 7 years old...<br /><br />When did an ADULT Joan of Ark meets Dragonslayer get chucked into this Children's Tale?... HUH?! Lewis is twisting in his grave, brrrrrr...<br /><br />Horrifying to be named \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" ... it should be named \\"Mythical Battlefield of Insecure Older Woman's Fantastical Redemption\\" ...<br /><br />Yikes...
1416905014|5.0|I just went to a book store in an expensive area and saw this book there. It was amazing!!!!! The pictures do not do it justice. My little one is only 15 months old, but I could not wait and just bought the book of Amazon for her...well, for myself too ;). I also purchased the Ark of Matthew Reinhart. Great job! What a gifted artist!
6305077630|4.0|Totally silly, of course.  Still I enjoyed spending 90 minutes with  this mid 80s flashback.  Working with computers, seeing the  old technology was especially amusing.    Some reviews have noted that later editions of this film have  been edited.  I thank those reviewers for pointing that out.  The WS AC3 version may have no bells and whistles, but at  least it is true to the director's vision.
0783229372|1.0|The Hindenburg Widescreen DVD<br /><br />The picture quality is not bad, it is TERRIBLE!  How can a such a poor quality film be released?  I would send it back, but Amazon will only give you 50% of the purchase price if opened.  Live and learn and take the loss.
0684833395|4.0|Being a fan of M*A*S*H  in its myriad of forms, I've often heard comparisons made to \\"Catch-22\\" so I finally decided to read it, and I'm glad I did. \\"Catch-22\\" has a great deal of dark humor as well as some outright silliness. It is a brilliant satire on war in general which is set in Italy during the waning days of the Nazis in World War II. My one criticism of the book is that some jokes tend to get repetitive at times.    The story focuses mostly on a U.S. Air Force squadron who go on a number of bombing runs doing their best to stay alive and do many crazy things to avoid going on more bombing runs. At the center of the crazy group is Yossarian, a bombardier who is convinced that everyone is out to kill him. Despite actions such as appearing to receive a medal in the nude, in some ways he seems like one of the most sane in the group. His friends include Milo, a bombardier who, instead of flying missions, runs a syndicate which buys and sells almost any goods you can think of; his syndicate also provides services, which at one point included bombing his own squadron! The head of the outfit, Major Major, wants to be liked by the others but they treat him badly because of his position; consequently, he avoids people, only allowing people to be sent to his office when he isn't there. Even the higher-ups prove to be nutty with Generals Peckem and Dreedle spending their energy competing against each other rather than fighting the enemy.    The book shows how insane the military bureaucracy itself can be, embodied in the concept \\"catch-22\\". One example of a catch-22 in the book is when Yossarian tries to be discharged by reason of insanity he's told he cannot be discharged because the fact he's trying to prove himself insane means that he isn't. Military silliness is also shown with how concerned officials are with seemingly unimportant things such winning parade contests and bombing a target so it makes for a nice photograph of the explosion.    Many characters come and go with several killed in combat. Heller makes all of them three-dimensional so you grow to either love or hate them. The writing contains a variety of humor - silly, intelligent, outrageous. There are several running jokes, though I feel sometimes they are overused, such as repeated explanations of how Milo's syndicate sells one kind of goods to one group in order to buy other kinds at all sorts of prices. In addition to the humorous moments, the book has examples of the horrors of war. Not everyone makes it home and nobody is the same afterward. Overall, I would definitely recommend this book to any fans of classic literature, war comedies, or satire.
B001EN71CW|5.0|Outstanding Sci-Fi Adventure.  If you are a science-fiction fan, you have to see this single-season series of FireFly.  Original, creative, compelling.  It may make you wonder why no channel paid the crew for more seasons.  Also, see the movie, Serenity.  This was the crew's chance to bring some closure & tie up loose ends.  It is equally fascinating.
B001PPGAIK|3.0|Despite all the poor reviews by critics, I wanted to give \\"Australia\\" a try. Overall I enjoyed the movie but it definitely has flaws and I don't feel it has much replay value for me. The visual presentation was well done; however, the writing - and at times the acting - was a little over-the-top.     The movie has three main parts - it starts out as a Western, switches to a romance, then finally becomes a war film. For the most part the transitioning works and the variety makes for an interesting movie. This also helps it not feel like a long movie despite being over 2.5 hours. My favorite part was the Western. Sarah (Kidman) arrives in Australia to see what her husband is up to, only to find him murdered. With the help of the Drover (Jackman) and other outcasts from society, Sarah has to drive the cattle from her husband's estate to the coast for sale. There are dangers along the way, mostly set by Fletcher (David Wenham), who used to work for her husband but really works for \\"King\\" Carney, the rancher out to monopolize the cattle industry.    The romance part centers on Sarah's relationship with Drover and Nullah, a half-Aboriginal child whom they adopt as their own. Nullah's grandfather is \\"King George\\", the local magic man. Nullah tended to get annoying at times, saying the same things over and over again. Kidman and Jackman do make a nice couple though. Since Nullah is half-Aboriginal and half-Caucasian, he is an outcast and is soon taken from them; Sarah does everything to get him back.    Finally in the third part, World War II comes to Australia in the form of Japanese planes which attack the port where Sarah has stayed to get Nullah back. Drover is off on a long cattle drive related to the war effort when the attack occurs, so his help is late in coming, if at all.    The acting is just okay, nothing outstanding. I think part of this is from the writing, which came across as rather melodramatic and forced at times. The Australian landscape was very picturesque, especially during the cattle drive. It was the proper backdrop for the epic which the movie wanted to be, and sometimes succeeded at. In essence, if you are looking for a beautiful melodrama, this movie is for you.
B0025UHKNS|4.0|For the futures models of this Garmin, must check it the battery life, the battery doesn't support 6 days per week of hard training...I understand that the watch combines many variables but I will like more lasting battery before being charged again.    Thanks  Andres.
B0035WTJFW|5.0|Loosely based on a story by Philip K. Dick (as many great sci-fi movies have been), \\"Minority Report\\" is one of my favorite sci-fi movies. With excellent direction and visuals by Steven Spielberg along with great acting by Tom Cruise, Samantha Morton, and others, it's an enjoyable movie for all. The story provides some interesting questions about life on a basic level, as well as what direction technology is headed.    Cruise plays Chief John Anderton, the head of a new pre-crime police unit in Washington DC in 2054. They are an experimental unit which arrests people based on crimes which they \\"will\\" perpetrate, as opposed to ones that they have done. They have three special individuals called pre-cogs who have visions of crimes that have not occurred yet. Based on these visions, the police arrest the people before they have a chance to commit the crimes. This raises the question - can we change the future or is it all pre-determined? It's the old question of predestination vs. free will, but played out in a rather fascinating and different way. If we can read people's thoughts (like some practical science is getting closer and closer to) or predict their future, how much can we really act on it?    Anderton believes strongly in the system and defends it to Danny Witwer (Colin Farrell), who is sent by the government to investigate the unit before pre-crime goes national. Witwer digs up dirt on Anderton, discovering that he's into some illegal drugs, likely as a result of the disappearance of his son years ago. Things get truly complicated for Anderton when the pre-cogs have a vision of him killing someone who he doesn't even know. He is forced to run and work on his own in order to clear his name. Can he prevent the vision from becoming reality? Is it possible that the vision is wrong? Why would he kill someone he doesn't even know?    I find this movie enjoyable even on subsequent viewings, though naturally there are some twists which are best during the first viewing. Still, the acting is great and the effects are stunning at times. There are chases which get you on the edge of your seat. It is an entertaining mix of action, science fiction, and crime drama. I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested at all in any of those genres.
0765318741|4.0|As expected, \\"I Am Legend\\" was not like the movie.  It was a little confusing (living vampires?  dead vampires?), but was still thought-provoking.  The other short stories in the volume were a little dated, but still good stories.
B002JVWR4U|4.0|Dollhouse was a show that left you thinking, \\"Huh?\\", but filled in it's blanks with episodes that brought you into this exotic world that left you wanting to see more but in the end, being on a network like Fox, the less the better. It was a show that tried to make you believe that technology, while a wonderful tool, can become quite lethal in the wrong hands and our future could evolve to look like one where technology is no more a solution to our problems than a bigger problem where people begin to lose faith (faith, hah!) in themselves.Give thanks to Eliza Dushku and Joss Wheldon for bringing these concepts to your living room now on DVD. It is an experience you will not so easily dismiss.
B000002B7Y|5.0|Yes, this is classic ozzy before the old man got soft. Its definitely a good album for ozzy fans and newcomers alike, i would buy this twice, and would also say that it is very much entertaining. For religio-politico satire it gets a few points and for fun , is a good party tape for all your headbanger friends....(we know you have some) thanks see ya later.
0440241901|4.0|I thought this was a great book. It had me cracking up at so many things. The story unfolded so well and I really liked how the relationship with Jack was developed. Once Emma spilled her life secrets on the plane, I was hooked and couldn't put the book down. She was such a lovable character and Jack was intriguing as well. It was perfect!
1579126286|5.0|\\"Evil Under the Sun\\" is one of Agatha Christie's best mysteries, right up there with [[ASIN:1579126278 The Murder of Roger Ackroyd]], [[ASIN:1579126235 Murder on the Orient Express]] and [[ASIN:0007136838 And Then There Were None ]]. To my knowledge, it's been filmed twice, a rather melodramatic [[ASIN:B001KZOVJK feature film]] starring Peter Ustinov as the famous Belgian detective, and then more sedately with David Suchet as part of the ongoing [[ASIN:B000068QOB television series]]. It's also been adapted as a [[ASIN:B000UQURQ6 video game]]!<br /><br />At first glance, it's a typical mystery set-up: a group of colorful characters are gathered together in an isolated area, a murder is committed, everyone has motivation, but not all have opportunity. Throw in your usual red herrings, obscure clues, false leads, and a detective that can successfully puzzle it all out, and you have a perfect whodunit.<br /><br />Hercule Poirot is enjoying a sunny holiday at the Jolly Roger Hotel, built on the idyllic Smuggler's Island. Around him the talkative guests sunbathe, gossip, knit, swim and watch each other. An observer of human nature, Poirot is in his element, and it's with interest (but little surprise) that everyone's attention is on Arlena Marshall, a retired but beautiful film actress, who revels in the attention. Tall, slender and bronzed, with curly red hair and oozing sex appeal, all the men are left dumbstruck in Arlena's presence, whilst the women gnash their teeth in disapproval. Not even Poirot is left unaffected by her beauty, but he's amply aware of the chaos that the woman is causing.<br /><br />The man-eating Arlena enjoys toying with men, and currently has her hooks into Patrick Redfern, a young man who seems completely under her spell. The fact Arlena is a married woman and that Patrick's young, distressed wife is watching her husband engage in an affair right before her eyes, seems of little importance to Arlena.<br /><br />Naturally, she ends up dead, and having already engaged in conversation with a rather fanatical reverent in which both men acknowledge that there is evil everywhere under the sun, Poirot is not hugely surprised to hear that Arlena has been strangled on an isolated beach on the island known as Pixy Cove. The only access to the island is via a causeway, though the police can't rule out someone coming by boat to the isolated Pixy Cove, Poirot instinctively suspects that one of the guests is the culprit. As the last one to see Arlena alive, pushing a dingy out to sea and clearly on her way to meet somebody, Poirot begins his investigation.<br /><br />Who's the murderer? Everyone seemed to have a motive to kill her, from a resentful stepdaughter, a cuckolded husband, a jilted lover, a jealous wife, a romantic rival with designs on Arlena's husband...or was it something less personal? Was she the target of a religious fanatic? Did she disturb drug-dealers using Pixy Cove as a drop-off point? Was she being blackmailed? The possibilities keep piling up, as do the obscure clues scattered about: a bottle thrown out of a window, a pair of scissors on a beach, a bath drawn in the middle of the day - it all means something only to Poirot.<br /><br />The atmosphere of \\"Evil Under the Sun\\" is brilliant; after first introducing the island as the home of a reclusive captain who never had a family, the story starts some years later after his house has been renovated into a resort (and most copies of the book even come with a map of the island). Despite the warm sunshine and sandy beaches, Christie infuses the book with a clammy sense of foreboding, danger, and even - evil. The characterization is vivid and as always, the twists and turns keep you guessing right till the end.<br /><br />If you've never read Christie before, then this is a perfect place to start.rsation with a rather fanatical reverent in which both men acknowledge that there is evil everywhere under the sun, Poirot is not hugely surprised to hear that Arlena has been strangled on an isolated beach on the island known as Pixy Cove. The only access to the island is via a causeway, though the police can't rule out someone coming by boat to the isolated Pixy Cove, Poirot instinctively suspects that one of the guests is the culprit. As the last one to see Arlena alive, pushing a dingy out to sea and clearly on her way to meet somebody, Poirot begins his investigation.    Who's the murderer? Everyone seemed to have a motive to kill her, from a resentful stepdaughter, a cuckolded husband, a jilted lover, a jealous wife, a romantic rival with designs on Arlena's husband...or was it something less personal? Was she the target of a religious fanatic? Did she disturb drug-dealers using Pixy Cove as a drop-off point? Was she being blackmailed? The possibilities keep piling up, as do the obscure clues scattered about: a bottle thrown out of a window, a pair of scissors on a beach, a bath drawn in the middle of the day - it all means something only to Poirot.    The atmosphere of \\"Evil Under the Sun\\" is brilliant; after first introducing the island as the home of a reclusive captain who never had a family, the story starts some years later after his house has been renovated into a resort (and most copies of the book even come with a map of the island). Despite the warm sunshine and sandy beaches, Christie infuses the book with a clammy sense of foreboding, danger, and even - evil. The characterization is vivid and as always, the twists and turns keep you guessing right till the end.     If you've never read Christie before, then this is a perfect place to start.
0375413405|5.0|I love to cook, but unfortunately, I have not mastered many techniques required by some recipes.  Mastering the Art of French Cooking I is not only a recipe book, but a wonderfully descriptive guide to cooking.  After weeks of reading and perusing the recipes, I decided to make my first dinner this past Saturday.  I chose to make the Beef and Onions braised with beer, parsley potatoes, and of course, the chocolate-almond cake.  Being a novice, it took me about 6 hours to make everything.  Some of that time was spend running back up to the store to gather an ingredient or cooking tool that I neglected to get initially.  It was a lesson learned - I had forgotten to scour all the different pages thoroughly and check my list a few more times.  The other problem was my lack of skills.  I went through many eggs to get 3 perfectly seperated; then I still had a problem with getting the whites to form stiff peaks.  The downside of this book is there is a lot of page flipping when preparing a meal.  The upside?  The meal was one of the best I'd ever made, and everyone loved it.  I can't wait to try other recipes out.  I plan on eventually ordering the second book.
0061122416|4.0|I will start by saying that this is a good book and it does not disappoint. However, I don't know that I agree with all of the \\"this book will change your life\\" hype. I just wouldn't go that far. This is an encouraging and inspirational fable about the importance of following one's dreams and how this effects one's happiness in life.     \\"The Alchemist\\" follows the journey of an Andulasian shepard boy as he searches out his \\"personal legend\\" guided by the \\"language of the universe\\" and the omens that it provides. The boy learns from the world and the people he meets along the way. His journey gets harder to commit to as his travels progress. The story even has a small twist at the end of the book.     The story is short and simple. I like the fact that, even though the book is about how much the boy learns on his journey, it also speaks of how many of the people the boy meets learn from him as well. The book does not have a very poetic flow...but this is excusable considering the fact that English is not the original language the book was written in. I would recommend this book to anyone who needs a little inspiration or an encouraging word.
B002UXRGLG|5.0|This is an excellant series with beautiful photgraphy and well organized data to back up this once in a lifetime DVD. The best combination in nature productions is put David Attenborough together with the whole crew from Planet Earth BBC. It doesn't get any better than this.
0553381687|5.0|A Game of Thrones is the first installment in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire fantasy series. Martin is a talented writer with a knack for descriptive writing and the ability to juggle quite a large cast of characters. Each chapter is entitled with the name of a character whose point of view that chapter will take. Many of these POV characters are members of the honorable Stark family, Lords of the North. Some of the characters who are supposed to be considered \\"good\\" fall short of being likeable while one of the members of the antagonistic Lannister family is actually quite likeable in his own strange little way. I feel like that makes the characters more realistic. In real life, not everyone is likeable despite the fact that they are not evil. Likewise, bad people are often the most charming individuals.<br /><br />Although the book is quite cumbersome at just over 800 pages, it is pretty refreshing as far as fantay novels go. There is magic but it does not take the story over...it just sort of hangs around in the background for most of the book. The story almost reads like a historical novel. While most of the story takes place on a fictional continent where the culture is modeled after midieval England, one very important story line takes place across the sea and is centered around a culture much like that of early Mongolia. This is a culture not often used in fantasy and it brings and interesting perspective to the book. The book is so long that this change of cultural scenery tends to keep things from getting too monotonous.<br /><br />Although I really like this book and will definitely read the rest of the series, I would not be completely honest if I didn't lodge just a few complaints. First, every passage that included any type of \\"romance\\" was a crass excerpt that could easily have been preceded by the words \\"Dear Penthouse.\\" They sounded like they were written by a 16 year old boy rather than an accomplished writer. And, quite frankly, a few of them made me feel a little dirty. The only other complaint I have(and it is a minor one) is that every couple hundred pages or so a word or phrase popped up that just didn't quite seem to fit. This didn't really detract from the overall story much but it did stick out a little. I mean, the word \\"fart\\" really has no place in an epic fantasy among knights and castles.<br /><br />All in all, this book is definitely worth the read for any fan of fantasy liturature. The series currently stands at four books with plans for at least two more. However, the release for the fifth book has been a long time coming. Apparently, the author has been promising and recanting on the release for the last several years. Many are worried that the series will go unfinished. I fervently hope that this is not the case and that the current rumor of a 2010 release will be realized.feel a little dirty. The only other complaint I have(and it is a minor one) is that every couple hundred pages or so a word or phrase popped up that just didn't quite seem to fit. This didn't really detract from the overall story much but it did stick out a little. I mean, the word \\"fart\\" really has no place in an epic fantasy among knights and castles.     All in all, this book is definitely worth the read for any fan of fantasy liturature. The series currently stands at four books with plans for at least two more. However, the release for the fifth book has been a long time coming. Apparently, the author has been promising and recanting on the release for the last several years. Many are worried that the series will go unfinished. I fervently hope that this is not the case and that the current rumor of a 2010 release will be realized.
B000CCBCAS|5.0|We owned this on VHS & just had to add it to our DVD collection.
0802130208|1.0|I think I may be the only person who did not like this book. I read it because I had read so many great reviews and been told by a lot of people that it was hilarious. The synopsis painted a picture of a well-written story that sounded like just the thing for a reader with a sense of humor as quirky as mine. I was completely disappointed. I will say that it was well-written; that is undeniable. However, it was NOT funny at all. The characters were absolutely unlikable. Most reviews will tell you outright that the main character, Ignatius J. Reilly, is certainly no hero. He is a pompous, lazy, selfish, and self-righteous bore. I even disliked the secondary characters though. Ignatius mother, who should have been likable, grated on my nerves until any pity I should have felt for her just disappeared. I kept reading because I expected the story to pick up and hoping that a likeable character would appear. I just knew that all those good things I'd heard couldn't have been wrong but the story just never picked up. It is not very often that I start a book and don't finish it...but I just couldn't take anymore of this one. I'm sure that some of you will like it. After all, I never read a negative review before this. I just don't know who to recommend \\"A Confederacy of Dunces\\" to because I, personally, felt that it lacked any redeeming qualities aside from being well written...and sometimes that just isn't enough.
B001TMTTL4|4.0|When a friend of mine said he had read this book, it sounde really compelling.  But in the end, it's mostly a scientific treatise about how people developed.  Not that that is bad -- but it won't be coming out as a movie anytime soon.    I'm glad I read it but it could have made its points in half the pages.
0385513755|4.0|I though the Da Vinci Code was a good book. It did have it's faults...I don't think that it was all that well-written. I also feel like the characters spent most of the book displaying or explainint their characterization rather than just \\"being themselves.\\" However, it was a very enthralling story. It grabs the reader's interest and doesn't let go. Anyone who has an interest in art, history, or even cospiracy theories would like this book. I'm not saying that everything in the book is historical fact...don't get me wrong...but some of it is. There is a lot of factual information in the book...especially concerning Leonardo Da Vinci. I would recommend reading the Illustrated Edition, especially for anyone who is unfamiliar with a lot of art. This edition includes photographs of all of the paintings, sculptures, buildings, and drawings that are mentioned in the book. It is extremely helpful in understanding what is being read.
0143113100|3.0|*Disclaimer: I only made it to page 164 of this book.    Things I Liked:    -A two page diatribe against PETA that, at first, I didn't like, but then realized I liked a lot.    Things I Didn't Like:    -Seemed repetitive, i.e. 'yeah, the brain is plastic, I get it...' was something I thought a lot during the 164 pages that I read
0385504225|3.0|The Lost Symbol was an okay read. The symbolism was enough to hold my interest and the weaving of Washington D.C.'s historical landmarks and artwork into this work of fiction was almost impressive. However, I have to say that I was a little disappointed with the book. Other than our hero, Robert Langdon(who we all know very well by now), the characters lack depth. The plots of Brown's novels are becoming quite formulaic. While this formula was also apparent in The Da Vinci Code, that book still held enough mysteries to surprise me in the end. The Lost Symbol failed to do this. It was all incredibly predictable. Not to mention the fact that I felt like I was still reading the books introduction when I was down to the last 100 pages of the book.   Knowing this book dealt heavily with the Masons intrigued me. I was interested to see what lore and cospiracy theories would be entwined into the story line but it all seemed to fall short of my expectations in the end. The Masons are the center of many conspiracy theories surrounding Washington's architecture and artwork. I felt that, even though many were included, many were also overlooked. Without that intricate story line that I was expecting, Dan Brown's flawed writing abilities were more apparent.   I wouldn't say that this book isn't worth reading. I just think I built it up too much in my mind. Just don't go into it with super-high expectations.
B000F1IQMS|5.0|First of all, this film doesn't explain the motivations of the Black Septembrists,but it shows in 3 or 4 stages through flashback the unfolding events neatly interposed in the narrative of the aftermath.However this is no mere action thriller,it interjects arguments,dialogue for and against Israeli or Palestinian,or the supposed righteousness of the cause together with the moral ambivalence of revenge,the toll the assassinations take on the team of killers as they mount up, as their humanity is put through the ringer of state anti-terrorism.The whole issue of `homeland' and `homelessness',the seizure of land by dispossessing a whole people and claiming you have law on your side,because the dispossessed have no laws,no history.The Jews in this film are not shown as the `Chosen People',with no claim to moral superiority.     They are bloodied and bowed,shown to be imitating and copying the amorality of terrorism,having no idealism, reactionary,becoming criminals themselves.Spielburg takes us through a list of suspects given to Avner(Banna) by his Mossad case-worker Ephraim(Rush,excellent) and shows the team setting up in various cities,Rome, Paris,London, in Cyprus,in Spain,in Holland,Athens,after intel given them by source Louis(Amalric) and picking them off by bomb and bullet.Spielburg cleverly reconstructs the clothes,vehicles,décor,look of the 70s and the music,and lets us hear and see the full impact of a bomb blast,together with the things that can go wrong and the collateral damage of an exploded bomb.There is dramatic license with the facts,he gives us a team of only 5 men,in truth there were many teams. This is no documentary or historical reconstruction,although it's loosely based on Vengeance by Jonas and scripted by Krushner,it captures through empathy,intensity,wit,humour and imagination a sense of a world unravelling through blood begetting more blood,a loss of moral certainty and direction through time,and for Avner a loss of trust in the Israeli project and the people he works for,his increasing paranoia and desire to live as a `homeless Jew' outside of Israel with his wife and new child.     Spielburg has utilised all his formidable knowledge as a film maker and a Jew himself to courageously show an honest portrayal of a difficult subject that he got a lot of flak for.He has out-Germaned the German new film makers in deconstructing his own cultural norms,bringing scepticism to bear on the course of post-Munich Israel.The acting in the film by Eric Bana,Daniel Craig,Ciaran Hinds,Geoffrey Rush,Matthieu Amalric,Matthieu Kassowitz,Hans Zitschler,Lyn Cohen(Golda Meir) is superb.The cinematography is suitably washed out.Although the film is long, its sharply paced and tensely riveting.I still was surprised at Spielburg's tackling the European milieu with such a cosmopolitan style,cool,classy and urbane, and his echoing America since 9/11, negotiating \\"compromises with its own values\\" through drawing parallels by ending on the Twin Towers,still then standing.The film pays rewatching to get its full flavour and many details.
B002C1BHIO|5.0|Ignore what I wrote below ... I was wrong and I freely admit it. The problem wasn't with the cable at all, but user education :( Once I figured out that the monitor with which I was using it had to be set to \\"Screen Size\\" in HDMI, all was well. Works like a charm with HDMI.    ----------------------------------------------------------    I won't waste anyone's time with discussing the relative merits of EMR resistance, cable stiffness, smell (what?) or cost (as if @ $14 is a travesty for anyone), etc. I'll cut right to the proverbial chase.     Stupid me; I actually ordered this based on a prior review suggesting that it would improve video quality over a standard DVI connection on my ViewSonic VX2433wm monitor. Silly me! I have a Sapphire HD4670 card and I simply cannot get the HDMI cable to display clearly in 1920 x 1080.     Not only is the screen incredibly blurry in 1920 x 1080, but underscan is persistent. This is sheer garbage. Perhaps someone out there can elucidate on how to get this to work. But, if I can't get quality screen display, this thing is going right back to Amazon.    Buyer beware; unless you're hooking this up to an HDMI large screen TV for family/living room use, I would advise against it. This is absolutely inferior to either DVI or VGA for office work.
B0030Y10QQ|3.0|Great compilation. The 3 acoustic jon oliva tracks ar a nice bonus. The only issue is that the dvd has european encoding and will not play on most players.The dvd was the whole reason i purchased this so needless to say i am very disappointed.
B0033AGPEE|3.0|This recording, although interesting, is incomplete takes that Hendrix would have never released as is.  The stuff that was close to being finished, at his death, where released long ago (Rainbow bridge, Cry of Love, & somewhat War Heroes).  Unless you are a guitar player, or a Hendrix fanatic, don't bother buying this.  The hype is just that - hype!  You'll notice also all the 2010 releases flooding the market (domestic & import).  The \\"Hendrix Estate\\" sold all the rights to Sony Music. Hence, all the re-releases of the entire catalog (domestic & import-UK & Japan).  Save your money and buy the original CD releases.  If your a vinyl freak then buy the new vinyl releases. But don't be fooled about all the talk of improved fidelity.  It sounds just the same.  The \\"Hendrix Estate\\" also sold the rights to Universal Music to sell their \\"bootleg\\" Dagger recordings.  These are the same as you can buy off of the Hendrix website.  They cost about the same so go for it.  The upshot of all this?  Money. The Hendrix Estate has run out of ideas and decent recordings.  So, give it all to one of the Big Four Corps. and take the cash.  Although I had issues with Allan Douglas and some of his infamous releases, he did have some good ideas, that haven't seen the light of day.  Why?  Money.  They couldn't be marketed to a \\"wide\\" audience. Like putting out a recording of different takes & live recordings of one song (Voodoo Chile). I think it was Hal Leonard that put out a recording of Red House takes like this (most of which have never seen the light of day since).  Sad.  I've been a fan since 1966 and saw Hendrix at the Forum, LA. in 1970.  I've read almost every bio & I've bought almost every release in every format.  But no more.  Don't be mislead everyone, this is \\"business\\" as usual.
B000VSBX34|5.0|I was really surprised by how funny this movie is. The story is a bit nonsensical, but very fun and lighthearted with a lot of comical British wit and great Beatles music.     All around a lot of fun to watch.
6305014140|5.0|I can't say enough about this film... I don't know about it not being \\"real\\" widescreen... I never saw it when it frist came out.<br /><br />What is here is beautiflly done.<br /><br />HOWEVER... for those of you with kids... you need to know that there are two sexually explicit scenes in this flick.<br /><br />Which is worse,  blood, gore, heads coming off all the time, or two sex scenes??? If you are adult to understand what is involved, no problem.<br />But for those with kids 12 and under.... make sure you view this once before letting them see it.<br /><br />For me it was a great film!!!!!!!
B0029LX2LC|4.0|I bought this CD at my local Best Buy.  It was the last one on the rack. I bought the CD because I heard and liked 'The Fire' with John Legend on YouTube and I wanted to hear more from this band.  I wasn't let down.  The Roots are a rarity in that they have this capacity to reach out musically to a very mixed race/age/gendered audience - which should be a real goal in music.  If music is universal and speaks to all, why is it always categorized and segregated? Is there ever freedom from this?  The Roots are one of the few bands that I have come across that actually comes close in achieving this freedom.    I loved this CD.  It is very different and unique.  My favorite song is 'Now or Never' it spoke directly to my heart and I actually cried when I heard it - which doesn't happen very often - beautifully sung and masterfully played! What a gift!    The drumming on this CD is incredible - especially Radio Daze....     The Roots are amazing musicians and there is not a bad song on this CD.  Buy it if you like cool, smooth and dark street wise music - you won't go wrong.    The only criticism is the last song on the CD - it didn't seem to fit. Its not bad though.....     Overall, this CD is a joy and I love it!
B003K025TQ|5.0|The first tune, Lay It Down, with Ritenour and John Scofield sets the tone. They have a scorching \\"call and response\\" that takes up about the lasst two minutes of the song. Gentlemen, would you consider doing a duo project - wow! Each genre of songs is awesome for its kind: the blues tunes are awesome, the rock tunes are awesome, the acoustic tunes are awesome. Fnatastic CD!
B003O86FMW|5.0|I tend to find that the first book in a series is always the best, followed by the last book and the ones in the middle tend to be a lot of filler to drag it out (although they are often good entertaining filler).  This is an extreme exception.  The second book is just as fast paced as the first one and seemed to throw me for even MORE loops and plot twists.  If anything, I would say that this book didn't have ENOUGH filler and I could easily have enjoyed this plot spread out over two books.  I was even more incapable of putting this book down than the first one.  My jaw dropped when an element from the first book, I won't say what element in so many words as it would be a major spoiler, which I thought was done and finished after the first book came back in the second one.  What little bit you thought was safe was ripped out from under you.<br /><br />Side characters in the second book were more fleshed out than in the first (though I still feel a little cheated about Gale still not being fully developed as a character) and that made it more enjoyable.  It gave you a lot of different viewpoints from which to guess where the plot was going.  While the end was slightly more predictable than I had hoped it would be, the plot twist in the middle was more than enough to make up for it.<br /><br />I am extremely lad to have read these books, but I find myself wishing I hadn't gotten around to it until after the trilogy was completely out.  I know the third book is only a month away, but the suspense for this series is killing me.
B002UXRGLG|5.0|When I ordered it, I expected one of the usual documentaries narrated by David Attenborough, always fascinating and very well narrated.  \\"Life\\" is one of the best. Many new inedited scenes and lots of original curiosities. I can't say which is more superb: the photography or the commentary by David Attenborough. It's a must!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|When I first opened this book, I did not expect it to live up to the hype.  However, this book grabbed me from the get-go and held on for dear life.  It was certainly one of those \\"I can't put it down!\\" books.  The pacing was excellent, sweeping you from one plot point to the next with no time in between to get bored with filler or exposition.  The games themselves were portrayed exquisitely.  It is such a brutal, inhumane concept and yet the writer managed to create beautiful touching moments inside the games and expertly tackled the questions I had as to WHY the children would willingly participate in these games and not just band together to deprive the Capitol of their entertainment.    I think the only complaint I had about this book was that Gale's character, who was obviously an essential part of Katniss' history and played a major role in her becoming the person she is who makes the decisions she does, is not fully fleshed out.  He's kind of flat in the background.  Hopefully by the end of the series, he will get some much needed character development time so I can truly appreciate him as a character.  As it stands, as much as I feel I SHOULD be rooting for Gale in the question of who will win Katniss' affections, it's very hard to not root for Peeta as he's the only one we really get to know.    While I feel this book might be a bit too brutal and violent for young adults, I don't think I would change the format this was written in even if I could.
193413712X|3.0|One might be puzzled by my heading of \\"Formulaic\\", as the term often applies to commercial literature of the Grisham / Steele variety. However, whether the New York critics and MFA graduates like it or not, there is also a certain formula for literary novels, one that is rigorously pounded into the head of every university student of creative writing. When I saw Harding was a product of the Iowa Writer's Workshop, I had a strong sense of what I was in for, and I was correct.     \\"Tinkers\\" is the classic case of a book that's all language and very little else. Many literary authors disguise their story and character shortcomings by adorning the pages in crisp and elegant prose, which is usually couched in fractured Faulkner-esque narrative techniques. Of course, I have absolutely nothing against elegant prose. I wish more authors could or would write with Harding's strive for musical fluidity in their passages. But just as with an inept genre piece, when something is lacking, nothing - not plot twists or beautiful prose - can aptly conceal it. Harding's pages slosh over with classic \\"melancholy sentimentality\\". One gets the sense he is writing with the Iowa Workshop echoing in his ear, hoping to be a Great Important Author by employing the unspoken rule of literary fiction that all Great Important Work must involve depressing entropic principles, belabor sections of mechanical daily minutia and puzzle the common reader in presentation.     With that aside, I must say that Harding skirts some of these cliches with definitive moments of pantheistic wonder that seem to embrace life and death as one rolling organism of which humankind is a welcome but stubbornly individuated part(or so it seems). The passages of cosmic marvel, and of some of the interfacing between nature and human perception, are beautifully written and quite memorable, as are those involving the hermit and Howard's epilepsy, which, in its illumination of the universe, makes for a nice allusion to Prince Myshkin's reaction to his own seizures in Dostoyevsky's \\"The Idiot\\".    Yet unfortunately, \\"Tinkers\\" reminds me of the sadly ongoing divide between the commercial and literary schools. Relatively few authors have successfully straddled the bridge, able to deliver stirring plots and three-dimensional characters in beautifully minded and manicured prose. There is no need for this separation, for which both sides are at childish fault.
B002VPE1XY|5.0|I handed this to my spouse (for her Canon compact camera). She took it, slipped the camera inside, actually stroked the exterior of the case a couple of times, and pronounced it good.<br /><br />This is a very functional, basic case for when you want protection for the camera alone (not its accessories). A hole at the top accommodates the carrying strap, and basic belt-loops give one a second carrying option. The sides are gored to allow for different camera thicknesses. A magnetic clasp holds the flap cover closed.<br /><br />A simple, well-thought-out, and yes, even sensuous little product. Recommended.
0545123283|4.0|In [[ASIN:0545123283 Linger]], Maggie Stiefvater takes the reader back to Mercy Falls and the world of Sam and Grace.  A few months into his cure, Sam is starting to embrace his new humanity, albeit skeptically, while Grace seems less and less comfortable in her own skin.  Isabel continues to wrestle with the aftermath of her brother's death, and new pack member Cole surfaces as a cocky and potentially dangerous disruption.  As all four grapple with their own doubts and inner demons, they are left to uncover whether love (of oneself, of each other, of humanity) will be enough to allow them to survive.<br /><br />Compared to [[ASIN:0545123275 Shiver]], this book sat better with me due to its writing, character development, and the absence of any off-putting overtones to the animal-human relationships.  As always, Stiefvater draws in the reader with lyrical writing, burning imagery, and an amazing ability to evoke emotion.  Due to her talents, there are scenes in this book, namely one with Cole and a deer, that won't soon leave me.  Character development also remains as another one of her strengths; Stiefvater's ability to show the damage within each character in this novel was superb.  As new leads, Cole and Isabel stood out in their exploration of their broken selves and how they related to one another through this filter.  The writer's ability to transport me back to the rawness and immediacy of one's emotions as a teenager was also remarkable.  In addition, this installment expands and complicates the mythology regarding the wolves, their curse, and their cure.<br /><br />Despite these many strengths, LINGER let me down in some ways, just like SHIVER.  Told in first-person, the chapters alternated between four different voices.  Though I enjoyed the addition of Isabel and Cole as narrators, each character's voice was not always distinct, and the frequent switching of voice mid-chapter often felt abrupt.  Pacing slowed and dragged in the middle third.  The book's ending was predictable and heavily foreshadowed, even if the path to get there was a mystery.  Also, unlike the conclusion of SHIVER, which felt distinct and finished, this book closed with the most cliffhanger-like ending I have encountered from Stiefvater.  While things changed for the characters emotionally, the plot didn't move forward a great deal.<br /><br />Even with these concerns, I'll continue to look forward to reading anything Stiefvater writes.  I hope that the final installment in the trilogy, FOREVER, provides a satisfying conclusion to the series and a little bit of healing for everyone involved, even if not in expected ways.  If you're looking for something with the same beautiful writing but more action, I highly recommend Stiefvater's faery books, [[ASIN:0738713708 Lament: The Faerie Queen's Deception]] and [[ASIN:0738714844 Ballad: A Gathering of Faerie]].redictable and heavily foreshadowed, even if the path to get there was a mystery.  Also, unlike the conclusion of SHIVER, which felt distinct and finished, this book closed with the most cliffhanger-like ending I have encountered from Stiefvater.  While things changed for the characters emotionally, the plot didn't move forward a great deal.      Even with these concerns, I'll continue to look forward to reading anything Stiefvater writes.  I hope that the final installment in the trilogy, FOREVER, provides a satisfying conclusion to the series and a little bit of healing for everyone involved, even if not in expected ways.  If you're looking for something with the same beautiful writing but more action, I highly recommend Stiefvater's faery books, [[ASIN:0738713708 Lament: The Faerie Queen's Deception]] and [[ASIN:0738714844 Ballad: A Gathering of Faerie]].
B003LAH7MU|2.0|Didn't think it was possible for Sting to get any more pretentious, but this cd is simply dreadful.  It has now been almost 15 years since last strong Sting pop/rock record (Mercury Falling). This isn't Sting reinventing himself, as he pompously proclaims, but more like him regurgitating his back catalog for the umpteenth time.  Don't get me wrong, I'm still a big fan of his and hope he still has some more good new music in him.
B0015ABRE2|2.0|I love the series DEXTER and would have given it five stars, however...    After thoroughly enjoying the first two seasons of Dexter, we quickly found season 3 on Amazon and had to get it! We bought it, it was delivered, and we watched it. Yeehaw!!  Then I put in the last disc (Dexter season 3 disc 4) and was getting ready to watch the last disc which has the season finale on it when it came on my screen as Season 2 disc 3. OMG!!! I can't see the last episode because the last disc is not what it says it is.  I contacted the seller, and they sent me another one. Unfortunately it has the same problem. I contacted them again letting them know that the new disc has the same problem.  I haven't heard back from the seller.  I have written Paramount home video about this and haven't heard anything.  How disappointing!!
030745455X|5.0|The second installment in the \\"Girl\\" trilogy is just as thrilling as the first. Lisabeth Salander is one of the most interesting characters to come along in quite awhile. This time she is accused of three murders and is on the run. So much is packed into these books. Each character is revealed slowly with all their flaws  and humanity (or lack of it). This edition contained the first chapter of \\"Hornet's Nest\\" and, believe me, you will want to read that chapter immediately after you've finished \\"Fire\\". Larsson had intended to write10 books in the series. What a shame he died after finishing only 3.
1572705000|5.0|Published in 1817, twenty years before Queen Victoria came to the throne, this novel allows the reader to travel through time to a bygone era where the pace of life was much, much slower than what we experience today.  News came only through the mail or newspapers; travel was by horse-drawn coach.  Listening to this work is thus a truly refreshing experience.<br /><br />In addition, the main characters, the Bennett sisters, have limited interests.  With no educational, professional or political concerns, their only concern is to get married, what will guarantee their future social and financial status.  They lead simple, sheltered lives and apparently have no notion of the work and efforts put in by servants<br />to produce dinners, balls, gowns, etc.<br /><br />The writing style is congruent with the times.  The work itself is very long, meticulously written with very slow, restricted action.<br /><br />The audio book's narrator is truly excellent and succeeds, while remaining unaffected, to add dramatic interest by very astutely modifying her voice for each character.<br /><br />All in all, this novel is heartily recommended for a worthwhile escape from our hectic 21st century.
B000BFH2S2|2.0|I haven't watched the video.  The CD is O.K.  I really only like about 3 songs on the CD. I think he tries to imitate Sinatra too much, and then goes overboard when he attempts his own style. Amazon delivered promptly.
B000TXZVGQ|5.0|Wow. Honestly one of, if not the, best television series I have ever had the pleasure of watching. Winnie Holzman did an amazing thing by creating this amazing TV show. I knew that it was critically acclaimed when I bought it a few months ago, but I honestly didn't think that it would be this good.     Claire Danes was obviously the best actor as Angela Chase, and still, for me, had the best performance of any teen actor I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot of teen dramas. That said, Brian Krakow was my favorite character. I have a lot of Brian in me, mixed with Angela and Rayanne Graff. I LOVED Rayanne. She is such a free-spirit, and doesn't really take anyone's opinions besides her own. A.J. Langer NEEDS more work, as she's such a great actress. The other teenagers in the show, Rickie, Sharon, and the infamous Jordan Catalano, were great as well. I didn't dislike anyone in the cast. The most depressing storyline was that of Rickie Vasquez's. I don't want to give away spoilers, but the Christmas episode, \\"So-Called Angels\\", is truly sad and examines such a real dilemma in our society, especially at that time (early/mid 90's.)     Before I continue, I must say this is one of the best DVD sets I own. How they got nearly ALL the cast members (really all of them except Jared Leto) back for interviews, commentary on episodes, and other features was great. Claire Danes and Winnie Holzman seem to share such an intricately woven bond... like they both jump-started each other's careers, and it's fun watching them talk in the featurette \\"A Conversation with Claire Danes and Winnie Holzman.\\"     In terms of bonus features, there were plenty. First of all, I LOVED the packaging. It's like a box, and the cover just opens up to reveal, first, a book with a few paragraphs about how the show would have gone from creator Winnie Holzman (she also has something at the end, too, and random facts scattered throughout the episode guide), essays from Joss Whedon, Janeane Garfalo, and more. There's also an episode guide that gives non-spoilery summaries about each episode, music featured in the episode, guest stars, directed/written by's, air dates, and a quote from the episode. There are also full-colored pictures, both candid and professional, throughout the booklet.    After that is the actual six-disc set, the first five being episodes from the show, and the last disc being exclusively special features. (Note: There are commentaries on each disc from cast and crew members).  The special features really upgrade this release, as if it could even be due to the already amazing show.    The show was often hilarious, such as the running Tino gag and Angela's commentary on her life. Most of all, though, the show was realistic. Never before have I seen such a realistic portrayal of a high school in contemporary times. Angela's introspective thoughts were, verbatim, some of my own thoughts and realizations. I don't know what else to say, really... if you're looking for quality television, look no further because MSCL, I guarantee, will find its place in your heart for the rest of your life.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|Saw them live and I have have to say it was the best concert I have ever been to in terms of the artists connecting with the audience and with each other, and their music oh my God their music. The energy Carole King has is unbelievable. It was an amazing night. I came home and ordered the DVD/CD from Amazon. Both the DVD and CD are excellent, we've enjoyed them. We had friends over for dinner, then watched the DVD which everyone enjoyed and commented that it conveys the warm relationship between these two greats. I only wish that they had included more of the music from their concert tour, however they did play for 2.5 hours. There was so much great music, especially Sweet Baby James, It's Too Late, You've Got a Friend and Fire and Rain, great live renditions. I highly recommend this combo. Loved it.
B000MGBSI0|4.0|MUCH more exciting than Season 1, though I hear the show keeps getting better until the sixth season. Kimberley dying and then showing up again was crazy, and her scar was horrifying. I loved Jo's \\"deep-sea\\" storyline, and how she had to shoot the father of her baby to save her own life. And then the aftermath in court was great too. Allison and Billy were about to make their way down the aisle, finally, until Allison's visions of her father's molestation of her and her sister began reoccurring. (That was really creepy; I had to fast-forward through those nightmare scenes.   ) Amanda's sexual harassment storyline was kind of boring, and it seemed like they just wanted to do something with Linda Gray, who was just mediocre. Sydney, just the annoying little sister from Season 1, became the main villain of this season, plotting against Michael and her own sister, Jane. I thought the square of Jane, Sydney, Kimberly, and Michael is the most interesting aspect of the show. It originally started out as a seemingly perfect newlywed couple, Michael and Jane, and then transformed into a monstrous four-way relationship. Michael cheating on Jane with his co-worker Kimberly, and then sleeping with his ex wife's younger sister, Sydney, until Kimberly dies, only to wed Sydney by force, and then Kimberly comes back alive with a vengeance (and a scar), and everything just gets crazy from there. I'm excited.
1423113381|5.0|Got it for my almost 11 yo grandson and he is gobbling it up-  :-)MiMi
0385006896|5.0|This is the edition of Sherlock Holmes that my husband owned as a child. We lost our old copy in a house fire and replaced it with a different version where the pages were too thin and the type too small to be readable. We finally found this edition again. He was thrilled to get it back and is reading it over and over. All the novels and stories in a very readable format.
B000I0RNV6|5.0|One of the best movies I've seen and I've seen plenty.  So very endearing; the range of emotions from joy to sadness. A wonderful relationship between a little boy who seeks to learn the trade of the local film projectionist...in a small Italian town with little diversion in post WW2.
0894803123|4.0|This recipe book is very good and the ice cream is easy to make and delicious! The only drawback is that the recipes use raw eggs.  I made the Coffee Heath Bar ice cream and it was fabulous!
B001993Y2C|5.0|To be honest, I never watched this show when it was actually on TV, but discovered it after reading all the buzz and giving the first season a look on Netflix.  It's definitely a great show and I don't regret for a second pulling the trigger to buy the entire series!  This show redefines Sci-Fi drama!  As for the packaging of this box set, I do have to agree with the other reviewers...it is a bit suspect.  But then again, are you buying it for the discs or for the box it comes in?
B00005B0PU|4.0|If you like Beach Boys and want to discover a truly hidden gem of the end sixties, beginning seventies than you really have to listen to this one, a combi of their master album and never before released follow up material. As a bonus a wonderful digipack with very psychedelic sleeve-design.
B0027WNRIG|5.0|DEF LEPPARD AT THE LOS ANGELES FORUM 1983, I WAS AT THIS HOW, I REMEMBER THAT  NITE WELL, DEF LEPPARD WAS PHENOMENAL...  UNFORTUNATELY TO THIS DAY THIS 1983 SHOW IS THE ONLY DEF LEPPARD SHOW  I HAVE EVER SEEN...  PYROMANIA SOUNDS CRISP AND CLEAN, GREAT ADDITION TO ANY DEF LEPPARD  FANS COLLECTION...
B002HNA9LS|4.0|The problem I've encountered with most CD compilations and sets is that they include many great works, but the performance recordings are awful.  I'd say about 95% of these are top-notch recordings!  Even the \\"Gregorian Chant\\" recordings are impressive!      I must say I'm disappointed that Handel's \\"Messiah\\" was included.  While it is a pivotal piece in sacred music literature, I found it to be unnecessary.  Perhaps I'm incorrect, but I think everyone who has an interest in classical music has a recording of Handel's \\"Messiah.\\"  I'd much rather prefer that the two CD's be used for other great sacred literature.    Lastly, while it's not a mainstream topic, I'm surprised that Mexican Baroque and Classical sacred literature was not included in this set.  The \\"New World\\" had very influential contributions to the progression of sacred music.     Overall, great value and good recordings (you almost can't go wrong with the Harmonia Mundi label).  But, it's by no means all inclusive.  A good survey of sacred music literature, indeed!
0385504225|3.0|I was a voracious reader in my youth but now due to competing demands, manage only 1 or 2 novels a year. So it was with the Lost Symbol which I was looking forward to like a fine bottle of wine kept on a shelf for a special event. I loved the Da Vinci Code because it was a journey of discovery to an awe-inspiring conclusion; I forgave the warts and carbuncles of the contrived story-telling and cardboard characters because the historical and religious anecdotes were so intriguing. Whilst the Masons are indeed a fascinating topic there was no big bang to this story. Some 'wham-bam' moments punctuated the story but the ending left me unfulfilled. There were many moments in the second half of the book where I thought the book read like a screenplay, where I thought the author was lining himself up for his next Hollywood assignment. He just doesn't do action sequences as well as other writers and the scenes were contrived. To me, the most interesting area of the book was the explanation of how the Masons interpret coded messages in the Bible but felt that there could have been a lot more detail here. The novel despite its shortcomings, did ultimately deliver for me and was enough to be a page turner but like my good bottle of wine, is only really truly satisfying when served up properly and the content of the book whilst substantial enough could have been served up better.
1400052173|5.0|This book is so many things!  It is the story of a woman and her cells - cells that were taken without her knowledge and used for research all over the world - cells still used today.  It is the story of her brief life, painful death and the story of the family she left behind.  It is the story of the scientists and the breakthroughs made because of HeLa's cells.  It is the story of a daughter's quest to learn the truth about her mother and her cells.  It is an honest story, one that doesn't skirt some of the darker sides of the family.  Overall, it is a wonderfully written, truly fascinating look at science and humanity.  I very much enjoyed this book and would recommend it to anyone!
B0030ZOYJ0|5.0|it was different for the original most of the voice actors had changed they added new charterers the story line was chopped up like episode 3 was 2 and the 5 was 3   all in all i liked it but the thing that annoyed me was the change the wording of most of the dialog
0399156577|1.0|I love Nora Roberts. Not only have I read everthing she's ever written, I own almost all of her books and re-read them over and over again! Usually I read her new books within 24 hours of their release. I got about 5 chapters into \\"The Search\\" and had to put it down. I'm so disappointed. Usually what I love about her writing is her detailed explanations and beautiful descriptions but even that couldn't get me through this novel. This book is very dry. There's nothing there to grab you and pull you into the story, there's no chemistry between Simon and Fiona. Simon's puppy, Jaws, is more interesting than the two main characters. I gave it one star simply because it's a NR book. Maybe I'm being a little harsh, but it's NR - I expect more.
B0013FSL3E|2.0|I bought this movie for my seven year old nephew after reading how great it was. He didn't like it and didn't finish watching it. It is an adult cartoon. Why is it so hard to make a good kid movie without dragging adult themes into the picture?
B000FQJAIW|5.0|Why do you people keep crying that this is the laserdisk version for one thing the laser disk version was a re-release and it clearly said a new hope in the crawl this one does not so end of story the only thing you can complain about is it isn't the 16:9 ratio but hell i have a 2005 sdtv and it looks good to me so no bithing from me just wanted to clear this up because some people need to get their facts straight before they claim to no it all or claim to be real fans
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Suzanne Collins makes you fall in love with her characters and keeps you reading to find out what will happen next.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|I love this CD as much as I loved the live concert itself.  LC is a master at what he does and it feels just like being there all over again!
B00005B1W7|5.0|I first watched this mini series back in the 70's and enjoyed it.     When it became available on DVD I knew it would be a welcome addition to my collection.   A stellar cast many of whom are no longer with us (the beautiful Lee Remick, Jack Hawkins just to name two), bring this story of the Holocaust and its survivors to life seen through the eyes of the two protagonists in a libel trial.    Both Ben Gazzara and Anthony Hopkins are excellent in their roles of the brash American novelist/war hero (is he a playboy or serious novelist?) and the tortured doctor/Knight of the Realm (is he a victim of the Nazi's or a collaborator?)    The look of the DVD may seem dated to modern eyes as it was a made for television drama, but the scenes are well constructed and the story moves at a decent enough pace...     Disc 1 explores the lives of both men and their families from shortly before the end of WWII until they finally meet on the steps of the Royal Courts of Justice in London.    Disc 2. Concentrates on the court case itself showing the torment of the Anthony Hopkins character when facing the Jewish survivors. Was he the caring doctor he claims to be or someone involved in horrendous experiments?    What will the jury decide?    Will they find in favour of a renowned doctor who has been Knighted by the Queen?     A holocaust survivor who has spent his life since the war saving lives. From the deserts of Kuwait, to the back streets of London he has chosen to work amongst the impoverished and needy.     Can he really be the man named by an American novelist as a war criminal? Someone who sterilised men, women and children in an attempt to eradicate the Jewish race?
B00011CZRE|5.0|I love horror films as well as crime stories and this is a great combination of the two.   What an imagination the person who created the story this movie is based on has.    Just imagine a psychopath who decides that he's going to be an example to the world of what needs to be done to clean up our planet by using the Seven Deadly Sins to kill seven people whom he sees as being part of the world's problems.   This psychopath has the brain of a genius and leaves clues that baffle the police.  This film is chilling and alarming yet intriguing and fascinating.   Morgan Freeman is an excellent actor who makes an A-one detective every time he plays the part.   In this film, he's way ahead of the other police in figuring out what is going on.  You can't go wrong having handsome, sexy Brad Pitt in on the action as well.   What a hunk.  Lucky Angelina!  This movie isn't as gory and blood-letting as some yet it does have its share of bloody, disgusting scenes.    Even so, it's a great movie and one of my favorites.    It's just a mind-blower from beginning to end and what an exceptional, mind-blowing ending!
B003PGNBO8|5.0|This is one of the best shows on TV right now.  I like it better than Lost (you heard that right)!
B001P3SA94|4.0|very good movie with good actors the true story of the bluesmen  is not here and credible but it's a very good fiction !
0671004107|3.0|I enjoyed the movie and thought I'd love the book but had so much trouble getting through it.  Don't think I even read it all before trading it for another book.
B0017I1FO4|5.0|Shinedown is awesome they have so many great songs and their concerts are the best they are so fantastic live !  Buying their CD has never been a let down or a waste of money for one song.
0385504225|1.0|Why some people think it is their duty to lie about other faiths than there own (if they have one) I don't understand.  But it is done to gain money and that he has done.  I pray for him.
1603425381|5.0|Excellent book.  Good for beginners and experienced.  I am anxious to try a lot of these borders.  It gives you many great ideas.
B000002ITW|4.0|I love this album, love the sound these guys put out back then, and absolutely love Stephen Stills, but I am sorely disappointed that the full version of \\"Suite: Judy Blue Eyes\\" isn't included. My main hope when purchasing this download, after recently stumbling on an exhilarating performance on YouTube, was that I could get a live rendition of that song from the time period in which they were in their heyday. Does anyone know if the original vinyl record had the full version of 'Judy'? Or why it's not included here? And more importantly, where I can get a full, live version from the early seventies? I gave it 4 stars because although technically it's been referred to as sloppy, it's very good at portraying that electrifying energy of live performances, especially live performances of these 4 tremendous rock icons. Also, without a full 'Judy' along for the ride it doesn't deserve all 5 stars.
0061122416|5.0|This book is full of wisdom; it is about dreaming and achieving. It is about appreciating what you have. It is about a treasure that you might have close by and not noticing it. You sometimes don't need to look a lot further to find what you are looking for. It is a book that is full of therapy without the need for Prozac, I am sure that I will go back to this book when I feel down. Follow your heart and follow your dreams. \\"When you want something the whole universe conspires to help you achieve it\\".
1441850953|5.0|Rick Riordan never disappoints! We're listening to the audiobook and it was very well cast. Once again, we find ourselves wishing the book didn't have to end. We hope Riordan's pen never runs out of ink!
B003LZJI86|5.0|AS USUAL, THIS BAND HAS IT DOWN FOR LARGE CONCERTS. NOTHING NEW BUT ALWAYS FUN TO WATCH..
0452287022|5.0|I'm thoroughly pleased with the condition of the book! Furthermore, the book itself was a GREAT read. This book captures you in a story of the life of a girl which you won't want to stop until you know what happens to her in the end.
0446530573|5.0|Recently I rewatched the DVDs of the Sopranos. Without fail there is someone eating or drinking something in every episode. They must have an orange juice company as a client for all the OJ they drank. Anyway - I bought this book and also Carms entertaining cookbook and I like them both very much.<br /><br />I'm PA dutch, not Italian so I did not know about Sunday gravy at all. I learned alot from the book. It's not just recipes.<br /><br />One Sunday in January I prepared the gravy recipe with ALL the meat AND I did the lasagne and the ziti on the same day. It's July now and finally all the left overs are gone from the freezer.<br /><br />I thought I might buy the book, check it out and then get rid of it, but instead i'm keeping the book. I have ALOT of health conscience cookbooks I use regularly but I still really like this fattening Italian cookbook based on a tv show. Silly but true.
B003LAH7MU|3.0|Saw him perform Symphonicities and loved it, his best concert tour in years! I was anxiously awaiting the release of the cd. Sadly, the vocals are tinny and it seems that neither his voice nor the orchestra are used to the best advantage. In concert, they were a perfect compliment, although Lose My Faith was a bit uneven, especially with Jo Lawry's vocals. Song choices are not inspired, a few of the songs were not even performed in the concert, although the Pirate's Bride is a nice surprise that wasn't in the concert. Even the new version of Roxanne is not as satisfying as I expected it to be. Here is the setlist from the concert, and you tell me if you think that there are some serious omissions on this cd! I realize that he can't include all of them, but his choices were not satisfying to me.   Lose My Faith  Englishman in New York  Every Litte Thing She Does Is Magic  Roxanne  Straight To My Heart  Russians  Fields of Gold  I Hung MY Head  Shape of My Heart  Why Should I Cry For You  Whenever I Say Your Name  When We Dance  Message in A Bottle  Next to You  A Thousand Years  Tomorrow We'll See  Moon Over Bourbon Street  The End of The Game  My Ain True Love  All Would Envy  Mad About You  Ghost Story  King of Pain  Every Breath You Take    Encore  Desert Rose  She's Too Good For Me  Fragile  I Was Brought To My Senses (acapella)    (7-18-21010) After listening to the cd on my car stereo, lowering the treble and boosting the bass I want to amend my review a bit. Don't listen to the cd on a non-adjustable sound system or an inferior one, or you may experience my disappointment. Play it on a worthy sound system and the orchestration sounds infinitely better and the tinny vocals are gone.  I still would have chosen  several selections differently, but now Roxanne is just as satisfying as the concert was.
B003C1QIO6|5.0|I love this CD. It's a little bit different than his others, a lot more electric guitar, but he is still my dude. Hang loose, Jack.
031606792X|5.0|This is an amazing book. Magical. I have read the book twice alredy and that is something I NEVER do. I just cannot say enough about this book!
B0039TD7PY|5.0|If you are a fan of either performer, this DVD/CD is a must have.  Great price for both the DVD and CD.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I simply adored this novel. I want to buy fifty copies and hand them out on the street to all lucky passerbyers. This is that special book that manages to snare you like a rabbit (haha read the book and you will understand) so buy it, love it, share it.  Peace out.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|Michael Jackson died and the world cried.  It's not hard to understand why.  Michael had a unique ability to tap into and express the universal human condition, and he did it prolifically for decades.  As a result, for millions of us, his being and his art became an integral part of us.  When he died, an important part of us, and what connects us all, died with him.  Illustrating the depth of this, I watched this DVD a year after he passed, and yet there were many moments when I had to hold back tears.<br /><br />It was hard to watch, but I felt compelled to watch it.  In other words, this DVD wasn't meant for entertainment.  It was crafted with love, for the purpose of reminding us who Michael was and what he meant to us.  And it was crafted for the purpose of revealing where Michael was about to take us and what he wanted to share with us.<br /><br />Truly, this is it, in so many ways ...
1439190275|5.0|I purchased this book without knowing much about it other than what I've heard about Atkins from a few friends. I needed to lose 25 pounds and was looking for a way to get off my dark chocolate addiction. Before I started the \\"Induction\\" phase of the diet, I read all the preceeding pages in the book first, often going back to them when I wanted something clarified in my mind. I spent about ten days with the book before starting Induction.<br /><br />In less than 4 weeks I've lost 15 pounds, and have never felt better! Instead of reaching for chocolate, I'll reach for green olives or an avacado and some cheese when I want a snack. My energy level has increased dramatically as well, but the biggest benefit was the total elimination of very bad acid reflux disease, GERD.<br /><br />I went to the hospital ER 6 weeks ago because I kept waking up in the middle of the night with vomit in my mouth. After the endoscopy revealed severe acid reflux, my doctor put me on Prilosec, twice a day, and said I would have to take it for the rest of my life. It helped only somewhat, and I was usually miserable. Two weeks into Atkins and my symptoms were gone. I completely quit taking the Prilosec and haven't had it in the last two weeks and have never had a single symptom of GERD! So, I', healthier all the way around!<br /><br />I can't believe how much better I feel after having a couple of eggs, cheese, and several strips of bacon in the morning, compared back to when I was eating my \\"high fiber\\" expensive cereal and eating a carton of yogurt. And I'm full for hours longer, too!<br /><br />This new book is wonderful. I thoroughly enjoyed all the science behind the diet, and made sure to be responsible enough to do my own research into the claims the book made. Happily, I found tons of data corroborating the Atkin's claims. The book completely explains how metabolism works and how different foods can affect the metabolism. I certainly would recommend this book!
B003AO1SVS|1.0|Hipsters rejoice!For those of you who thought the White Stripes were the second coming, here come the Black Keys.I'm going to make this short and sweet.Do you like uninspired old blues riffs?Hey how about a souless falsetto? Do you like the unkempt thrift store look?Do I have a band for you! I heard a Black keys record years ago and it was unlistenable!You can imagine my suprise when I heard all the hoopla surrounding this record.I started to think \\"HEY MAYBE THEY GOT BETTER\\" Boy was I wrong!Why can't the hipsters support something adventurous and original? That would require too much effort and work.You might actually have to search for the good music instead of reading Rolling Stone or Spin.The irony of this band is that their listeners probably don't even own any real soul like Mayfield,Redding or Green.You may ask yourself why would I purchase this cd?We'll I can take it back to the local cd store that I bought it from and get most of my money back.Guess what?I still feel cheated and i've lost 20 minutes of my life(like I was going to make it to the end of this black hole) that could have been better spent doing things such as counting ceiling tiles or waxing fake fruit or perhaps thinking about Europe!
B001HN697M|5.0|Very happy with the item . Excellecent condition, fast delivery, I will buy from this seller again.
0525421580|4.0|In two different Chicago suburbs, that really aren't that far from each other, there resides two very different boys with the same name - Will Grayson. Although they are not that far apart they have never met, until a twist of fate brings them together.<br /><br />One Will Grayson seems to always be in the shadow, both literally and figuratively, of his massive gay best friend Tiny Cooper - an offensive lineman and musical theater enthusiast. When he loses his circle of friends, after standing up for Tiny, he rarely knows what to do with himself and starts spending more time with Tiny and his friend Jane - whom he finds himself oddly attracted to, although he cannot act on his feelings due to the \\"rules\\" he has set for himself on how to get through life without to much attention.<br /><br />The other Will Grayson is also in a social funk - although his is a bit more permanent. The only friend he has at school is a girl named Maura, although he doesn't really even like her all that much and just likes to talk with her about his depression. He does though have a strong friend in Isaac, a boy he met online that he might just be in love with.<br /><br />When things don't go according to plan though, both boys seem to breakdown and have a heartfelt revolution towards their interactions and feelings for others, all while aiding in the production of the best high school musical of all times.<br /><br />When you put two powerhouse authors together you expect a boom, a big one at that. Now putting John Green and David Levithan together, that's more like expecting an earthquake. As for the reality occurred, there was definitely a boom, and some tremor of that quake, but it wasn't as earth shattering as I had expected.<br /><br />First off, I'll talk about John Greene's Will Grayson - the one with Tiny Cooper as the best friend. To me, he was the best. He was snarky and funny, and emotional at the right times. Most of all he was believable and I just came to really enjoy his part of the story. John Green was also the fabulous inventor of Tiny Cooper - who I think is one of the best characters to have ever been created. He was funny and sincere and truly the \\"life of the party.\\"<br /><br />As for David Levithan's Will Grayson, he was definitely a darker character. I feel he whined a lot and pitied himself a little too much. Now with that being said, I did feel bad for him - I mean the kid had to go through some situations that no one should ever have to experience and learned to sympathizes for him. I did enjoy his budding relationship with his mom; it really clued the reader into his personality, as well as him popping out of his social outcast hole.<br /><br />In regards to the writing - it was great, absolutely all of it. While the characters had two distinct voices, unique to their respective author, you couldn't tell that it was written by two different people. Everything meshed and just felt right.<br /><br />Overall, I really enjoyed this book. It took me a while to get into the story, but it soon enough got rolling. It also made me appreciate the importance of maintaining friendships and to sometimes let loose, as you could be missing out on a lot if you don't. I would love to read another book co-written by these two fabulous authors, as I know it will be a lot of fun.o the fabulous inventor of Tiny Cooper - who I think is one of the best characters to have ever been created. He was funny and sincere and truly the \\"life of the party.\\"     As for David Levithan's Will Grayson, he was definitely a darker character. I feel he whined a lot and pitied himself a little too much. Now with that being said, I did feel bad for him - I mean the kid had to go through some situations that no one should ever have to experience and learned to sympathizes for him. I did enjoy his budding relationship with his mom; it really clued the reader into his personality, as well as him popping out of his social outcast hole.     In regards to the writing - it was great, absolutely all of it. While the characters had two distinct voices, unique to their respective author, you couldn't tell that it was written by two different people. Everything meshed and just felt right.     Overall, I really enjoyed this book. It took me a while to get into the story, but it soon enough got rolling. It also made me appreciate the importance of maintaining friendships and to sometimes let loose, as you could be missing out on a lot if you don't. I would love to read another book co-written by these two fabulous authors, as I know it will be a lot of fun.
B001F7MSFM|2.0|For some odd reason I prefer the first movie to the sequel,I like Hellboy's character but I think it could been better,for some reason I thought I was watching harry potter mixed with labyrinth.
0525423842|5.0|I read this with an eye for students and oh my, it is a READ!  I can see a future for the young man and Mr Grisham in childrens lit.  My daughter has a small library within her sixth grade where the children can take books home.  These are books she selects and yes, come September there will be a new book added to the shelf.  Good work!  SO ENJOYED.
B0000TB050|5.0|This is U2 at home, relaxed, no tension, no pressure, just the boys back in Ireland with their family. It's not about what is the best setlist and why \\"Mysterious Ways\\" wasn't on the DVD, it's about coming home. Have you ever been away and come home and dropped your luggage on the hall floor and thought, I'm home... the luggage can wait. All U2 want to do is be with their fans. No one is there to judge them, no body cares. They want to see Bono and the boys, and see them as who they are, the men from humble beginnings to being the biggest Rock Band in the world. No matter where they are playing, from Mexico City, London, Boston. When they are in Ireland, they are home, and their family loves them for who they are, not what they do.
0143038583|5.0|This book is a must read for EVERYONE in the United States.  The imperative is nothing short of \\"Save the world by growing your own food and eating local.\\"  It is the first book I recommend to anyone I meet.
B002M2N9JI|5.0|The purchase was made with all amenities, the product has reached   perfect and on time delivery. Recommend.
6304884419|5.0|EXCELLENT MOVIE LIKE NEW QUALITY LIKE NEW CONDITION SUPERB ACTING AND STORY AND DIRECTING BY BOBBY HIMSELF! AN ALL TIME CLASSIC
B0012SCHZK|1.0|This film -- which it actually shouldn't be called, being animated (disappointment #1) -- is an outrage and an insult to the Beowulf epic and to Nordic tradition.  The people who made this clearly believe in the idiotic revisionism of Marxists and 19th-century German historians.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I like MJ's music but no particular fan.  This gives a good look at what the man was like behind the act.  Very kind, very musically intelligent, and entertainer EXTRADINAIRE!  His vocals aren't perfect and early he doesn't even sing every line as it is all about rehearsal.  But the combination of dance, supporting cast and production value make this a wildly successful DVD even if he had not died.  But, still for me, the most important part is seeing him interact with the dancers and musicians.  The guy was an incredibly kind person who wrote deep feeling music.  Greatest entertainer of our time including Elvis?  This parting DVD confirms it for me!<br /><br />Well worth the money and I've already watched it numerous times.
B002X78QYA|5.0|This is an excellent performance of this symphony.  Many others go through the last movement so fast that it looses all of it's beauty.  and looses the trancendent beauty of the whole work.  This rendition is truly a keeper!
B00008BRB5|5.0|Synchronicity was inescapable in 1983 if you listened to the radio more than 15 minutes a week, especially \\"Every Breath You Take\\", which was probably the most over-played song in the history of radio, but you know what?  The song, and all the songs on the album hold up really well after all these years. Is this album one of the best of the 1980s? Yes.     The album has a nice jazzy feel to it - the drummer Stewart Copeland has been quoted as saying it's some of his best work ever; and the guitarist Andy Summers is also proud of some of his more jazz-inspired work on this album.  It's too bad that Sting's ego was so out of control he felt he had to break up this band, which had a lot more to offer.  Sting's solo work is okay, but his collaboration with Summers and Copeland brought out his best (sometimes you need honest people to tell you when the riff or song is just not up to par).  Just look at how McCartney's work went from brilliant to bland once he left the Beatles.  He didn't have Lennon or producer George Martin telling him that certain songs were best left in the dustbin.       By the way, I highly recommend Andy Summers' memoir \\"One Train Later\\". Unlike Sting's autobiography, Andy includes a lot of stories from his time in The Police.  Andy didn't even join The Police until he was in his mid-thirties, so he has lots of other stories to tell, most of them hilarious, about his musical days before he joined The Police.
B00007K02F|5.0|I HUNTED ALL OVER FOR THIS PARTICULAR COPY.  IT WAS SHOWN ON TELEVISION AND IS NOT AVAILABLE IN TOO MANY PLACES.  THANK YOU AMAZON FOR MAKING IT AVAILABLE.  IT IS FAR SUPERIOR TO ANY OTHER VERSION THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN
0743455967|5.0|If you want to know about the ins and outs of writing, read Stephen King's book. He tells you about how he developed as a writer. And he gives some good tips, as will as some books that can help. The book is also fun and entertaining. Stephen King gives advise on grammar, word usage, and the proper use of the English language.  He gives examples in his book of how some world renown authors write. Even if you were not interested in writing as a career if you love to read Stephen King work this is a good book to own.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|I've listened to this album at least once a week for the past year and a half. I'm normally one to get bored pretty easily so this is quite a feat. It's organic, shiver-inducing music. If you like things that are beautiful & pensive this will definitely be for you. Everyone I've introduced Fleet Foxes to thus far has loved them and I find negative reviews pretty puzzling. I guess if you're more into, say, Slip Knot than maybe don't bother. You can't please everyone all the time.
B0013LKZWS|5.0|I heard this voice while watching \\"So You Think You Can Dance\\"...I thought who is this...rarely do I hear a voice that touches some part of me that causes me to be still. Listening to Gravity made me pause. The reward was buying this cd and repeatedly having to stop whatever I'm doing and just listen....and listen...and listen. Thanks Sara, I needed that!
B002TYZKIM|5.0|When the movie first came out I wanted to see it but never got a chance to. Im happy that I was able to get it through Amazon at a good deal.<br /><br />This documentary is a true representation of Michael Jackson. Im so grateful that they were able to get the footage so we all could have a chance to see the him. RIP Michael Jackson, you will be forever missed and remembered as The King of Pop
B001NLKWLW|2.0|The conclusion was too obvious from early on. I kept reading just to confirm the way I thought it would turn out. It would have been great if there were more mystery but the author pretty much led you to the conclusion by providing too many tips too soon which didn't give it the depth it could have had.
B000IMKDPC|4.0|I bought this collection because it really wasn't much more than buying just 2 of the movies. The first one is great. THe second not so much, but somehow, you need them all. Besides the have Hugh Jackman. If only we got to see more of James Marsden's eyes. If you like these, get the prequel--Hugh all the way.  [[ASIN:B001GCUO16 X-Men Origins: Wolverine (Two-Disc Edition + Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]]
0061801313|5.0|I purchased this set of books, and the remaining four in the series, for my 14 year old daughter.  She had watched the first television show based on the series, liked the show, and said \\"Hey, mom, this show is a book, too.\\"  Well, I bought the books immediately!  She started reading on June 13 and just finished the eighth book on July 11.  She LOVED the series, thought the books were way better than the television shows, and talked to me about the books as she read.  As a mom and a middle school teacher, anything that gets my child \\"hooked\\" on the printed word is great!!  I only wish there were more books in the series!!
B002T9H2MO|4.0|Received MOON in the mail and finally got around to watching it. The premise of the movie was quite interesting.
B00009L1TA|3.0|It's secreative and fall of mystery's. It's a combination of a military cover up, fake your own death mystery and a detective film. The line up is good, but with that talent they deserved a better script. It's still an enjoyable film and worth a watch, if you got nothing else to do. But as I said it's in need of something else, it's just missing something. But for that value it's more than worth the value.
B000MNP2KI|4.0|\\"Bond.  James Bond.\\"<br /><br />With that introduction, you expect a good adventure thriller.  In Casino Royale, we are introduced to yet another actor attempting to replace Sean Connery.  In this, Daniel Craig fails.  However, Daniel Craig does develop his own character, an early 007 in today's world.<br /><br />He's not a funny, witty man.  And in this version. he is successful because he doesn't try to be a witty, funny 00.<br /><br />And that ending?  You knew life was just too good to last, didn't you?
B00002E233|2.0|This film is not brilliant, It's not well written and the acting is ok. It has a few exciting moment's but that's about it. To be honest I was glad it was a present and I didn't pay for it. It has some mindless shark attack excitiment which can be ok, but it's not the best film in the world, at all.
0143118420|1.0|This book is a load of crap. I cannot for the life of me understand how so many people, women in particular, can find this book enlightening or even interesting. All I could think was, honey, you need to get over your *&c*ing self--you ain't all that.  Why do so many people have to fly around the planet to find themselves? If you want enlightenment, you can walk down the damn street and help a kid whose parents are working 16 hours a day at minimum wage.  What a stupid waste of time this book is. But it makes a nice slap if you throw it against the wall, and it's an excellent tool for smashing flies and cockroaches.
0385333846|5.0|I had great experience buying from this seller.. and off course reading this book the second time .. love it !
006145205X|5.0|If you want to have your assumptions challenged, read this book.  It's perfect for those of you who, like me, don't believe the world is in as desperate a condition as the mainstream media constantly assault us with visions of.    Not only is Rational Optimist a fascinating synopsis of nothing less than all of human civilization, laced with fascinating new research and conclusions about all kinds of topics such as ancient civilizations and modern societies that I'd never heard of, but the author's ability to weave together a vast array of data into a scholarly yet entertaining overview of how human society came to be, where it's going, and why things are in fact (and he gives you numbers...lots of numbers), better than they have ever been is monumentally impressive.  This is one smart cookie who has a very clear idea of The Big Picture of human presence on planet Earth.    Yes, there is mayhem, there is poverty, even in America, there is violence and there continue the common maladies that all humans have been heir to from the very first weapon used against another creature.  But there is also so much more we aren't aware of that will make you feel, I'm guessing, a whole lot better about the world we live in.    The author makes so many brilliant connections from information sources into a scintillating worldview that you can't help but feel he's right to be optimistic - even when he's turning on its ear conventional wisdoms such as that organic gardening is good for global food productivity (it isn't), genetic modified foods are bad (not always) or more people die in modern warfare than ever in history (they don't, not by a long shot).    A fascinating, consciousness-raising book that my wife and I are reading out loud to each other, five pages or so at a time.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I've only heard one of their songs; bought the cd and it's a good one! Shipped on time. No troubles here!
B00001OH7O|5.0|Bowie put out some of the best rock and roll music of the early 70s. While Ziggy Stardust is uaually the lp people point out as his best, it is this lp that I find myself listening to most. I would love to see a deluxe or expanded version of this disc.
006145205X|5.0|This was one of the most interesting books I have read in a while.  He takes a different view of mankind from the days of early humans to hundreds of years into the future.  Sharing of information leads to innovation and increased productivity is one of the basic ideas of his book.  This also leads to his rather optimistic views on the future of mankind.  He takes on issues such as global warming, health care, world population and capitalism and he comes up with an optimistic view of our future.  It is a book that makes you think of the world in a different more optimistic way.  It is one of the better reads for those that are sick of liberal and often widespread views of doom and gloom about mankind's future.  Each argument is backed up by facts, scientific data and statistics.  A very enjoyable and unique read.
B002RKSZN0|3.0|I enjoyed this book because I love Jane Austen's style and eloquence.  It was not my favorite though.  The main character was not as likeable as her other female leads.  Also, I could never get past the fact that the romantic connection was between two cousins who grew up as essentially brother and sister.  If you are not going to read all the Austen books, I would skip this one and read Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility instead.
0316067601|5.0|This is one of the most interesting books I've read. Marcus Luttrell is an amazing man. Every page of his review of  how he was trained to become a Seal is worth the read. His military experience of being the lone survivor is also amazing.  After reading this book I felt I wanted to kiss the feet of the next Seal I met! I'm so thankful for our Military forces.
B000B8QG0O|5.0|I think the kids have only watched it 95 times in less than 2 months:)
0393072231|5.0|This is a great book.  Even if it was on some other mundane topic it would be a great book.  Michael Lewis is a fantastic writer and with an engaging, character focused story, describes the details behind the current, and ongoing, sub-prime mortgage crisis.  If you want to get a fundamental understanding of how the financial disaster we just lived through got wound up, and some of the characters behind it read this book.  If you don't care much about financial markets this book may be a bit challenging, but you certainly do not need to be an expert to enjoy the book.  It is as much about sociology as it is financial markets.
B001JOIEZ4|3.0|With the book in mind, I thought that the amount of indie and alternative rock was about right sounding. Some songs I thought were a little bland, but for the most part I kind of liked most of the songs. I only loved \\"Supermassive Black Hole,\\" \\"Decode,\\" and \\"Full Moon\\"; other than the rest of the songs felt like filler to me. I was slightly disappointed with the selection, but that might be just me.
B001P5HI4A|5.0|What an amazing movie!  I was able to share it with a friend of mine just the other night for the first time and we so enjoyed the production.  It took me back to when I fell in love with it the first time.  Such a wonderful story and the music could carry the story on its own.  Love it!  Barbra Streisand at her very best!!
B000XUBFE2|4.0|This was a great read. It breaks your heart to read of the every day life of the people, especially the children during that time. Hiding everything, and being scared every minute. Some of the tragedy in the book was almost too vivid thru the eyes of the grim reaper (Death). There are small moments of joy found by the little girl. The books she saves from destruction soothe all souls when read aloud, even Death is interested.
B001TOD92C|5.0|No guts, no glory!  Both of these actors have plenty of guts.  Mickey is great in his return film, and Marisa never looked so good!  She is convincing, as well!
B000W04S6U|5.0|One of the best video game soundtracks ever!!!! It sounds like you are watching a movie.
B000NA1OXY|5.0|I have heard all of Avril's cds and they are all great. Not a bad song on any of them. Her ability to write, sing, perform is amazing. She writes some of the best songs of anyone and that is one reason she also is sought after to write for other artists and also for movies. The most recent being the Alice In Wonderland movie where she wrote the song \\"Alice\\". I totally recommend this cd as well as all of her others. They are totally enjoyable!
0307592839|2.0|Unfortunately I didn't. At all. There were some brilliant passages within but overall the story was disjointed and halting. The author would mention a character who we wouldn't hear about for 50 or more pages and by then I had no idea who she was talking about. The story jumped from time and place, from the past to the future and everywhere in between. I'm sure Ms. Egan spent innumerable hours researching the influences of \\"pauses in music,\\" but does anyone care? I think not. An entire chapter was devoted to just that. Ridiculous.    I read all the glowing reviews and I began to think there was something wrong with me for not relating to this book. But what I really believe is happening here is a case of \\"The Emperor's New Clothes.\\" One influential reviewer raved, so the others had to follow suit and rave as well. We saw this years ago with JONATHON LIVINGSTON SEAGULL, and more recently with THE BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY (although the movie was exponentially better.)  Perhaps they'll make a movie of A VISIT FROM THE GOON SQUAD  that is actually watchable. But the book is borderline unreadable.  I'm sure there will be many who will berate my opinion, and that's all it is...one man's opinion. But let me tell you, folks, the emperor is naked!
4789009637|2.0|This was the book that my Beginning Japanese class in college used. I had high hopes for it, placing my trust in the Japanese department. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. I have used both Genki I and Genki II at this point. The introduction to hiragana and katakana was not a smooth one, even with additional materials provided by the teacher (and I had been studying the kana on my own before I took the class, as well!) I found myself feeling very confused about even basic grammar structures for most of Genki I. The readings were quite boring, to be honest, and the dialogues were like something out of a very poorly written soap opera.     The two things that bothered me most, however, were kanji and vocabulary. The first chapter with kanji was okay, and the order seemed pretty logical. But as the chapters progressed, I learned that we weren't being taught kanji in the order that they are normally taught in Japan. There are many very simple kanji that are used in everyday words that I can't identify because the textbook never introduced them.     Vocabulary. Oh, the vocabulary. Some vocabulary was useful. But others were just complete failures. My favorite example being in Genki II, where we were taught the word for \\"space alien\\". That's nice and all, but frankly, it had nothing to do with the chapter, and I've never needed to use it in conversation. Learning to say something more relevant would have been nice. Also, I felt like it was a waste to have so many katakana words as vocabulary words. We could easily guess at how those things were spelt. But why not teach more words that are actually in Japanese, and not just foreign words?     Maybe the book just didn't work with my style of learning. I don't know. But I know that I probably won't recommend it to anyone I know personally, and that I'm going to have a lot of trouble with the JLPT because of this book.
B000HWZ5XI|4.0|Mighty Rearranger satisfies my fix for more Robert Plant hard rock , dreamy hard to define folky tunes and great production. The bonus tracks on my deluxe edition are kind of uneven but the meat of the album more than makes up for that. I give this album 4 out of 5 stars.
B002ZG98LO|4.0|This was a very decent sequel to the original 1987 film. It reminded me a lot of a story called 'The Most Dangerous Game' but it's on the planet of the Predators. Soldiers, drug dealers, a convict, and a doctor are all brought to another planet and are being hunted down by the Predators. They don't trust each other at first, but they soon must work together to survive. The Predators have a new look, and they're tougher and badder than ever. Not only must they deal with the Predators, they must deal with booby-traps, dog-like alien creatures, and a deranged Soldier named Noland. If you love action and suspense, you'll love PREDATORS!!!
B003N7GATM|1.0|Really sad to see Trent stoop to this level. His recent bride has no discernible musical talent, and these recordings reinforce that completely. She cannot sing. The songs are boring. This EP sounds like the most watered-down version of Nine Inch Nails possible. I pity Mr. Reznor for indulging his wife in this sad endeavor. I loved 95% of Nine Inch Nails' output. I can't stand this EP. It is a black mark on the otherwise glorious legacy he has been building for so many years.
B002ZG97E2|5.0|I saw this with my friends, and the movie was actually a lot better than I expected. It's very funny, and has a great heart-warming storyline. The minions were hilarious and adorable. Steve Carell stars as Gru. Gru is a supervillian who tries to compete with Vector. Vector stole the Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt, so Gru tries to beat him. He comes up with a plan to steal the moon. After he attempts to steal a shrink ray from Vector, he adopts Margo, Edith, and Agnes so he can use them to give boxes of robot cookies to Vector. After he succeeds, he tries to get rid of the kids, but he slowly begins to think like a dad and loves them. He soon must decide what is more important; being a supervillian, or being a superdad. I highly recommend DESPICABLE ME!!!
B0037QGS0A|2.0|Liam Neeson must need the cash - that's pretty much the only thing that would explain his appearance in this movie. The central premise is irritating in its banality: a middle-aged woman is worried that her husband is having an affair. Ladies & gentlemen, this is 2010, not 1910. Humans are semi-monogamous. People do indeed have affairs, with predictable regularity. To make an entire film based around one somewhat repressed woman's obsession with her husband's supposed infidelity (which clearly isn't happening anyway) is to impose a couple of hours of boredom on most viewers. Frankly, who cares? From the moment the wife hires a prostitute to \\"test\\" her husband it's obvious this is a woman who needs to spend cash on therapy rather than amateur detective work, and when the prostitute (Chloe) then begins to fabricate stories of her encounters, we know it's time to turn off the movie and pull a good book from the shelf. Neeson is wasted as the noble husband, but Julianne Moore does a creditable job of making her tiresome character watchable, at least for a while.  Chloe herself, as an ingenue psycho, is a one-dimensional role that no actress could do much to salvage.<br /><br />Aside from some nice camerawork - using views-through-windows to suggest separation and alienation - there's not really much to recommend this dull offering, unless you think a very tame sex scene between two women is worth the tedium of sitting through what is just a very silly and irritating tale of anxiety, mistrust, and a woeful misuse of financial resources.
B003UMMSSW|5.0|I bought this yesterday and have been listening to it non-stop.<br /><br />It's very nicely orchestrated and I was delighted to hear Sting's signature talent still rings true to form.<br /><br />On the whole I gave more than half of the tracks 5/5 stars, and only three tracks as low as 3/5 stars -- just personal taste, in all the years, I've never been very fond of those tracks...but that said, these versions are better than the past versions.  ;-)<br /><br />So here are my favorites (not really in priority order, but #12 really stands out):<br /><br />12 - The Pirate's Bride<br />13 - Why Should I Cry For You (iTunes Bonus Track Version)<br />7  - When We Dance<br />6  - Roxanne<br />2  - Englishman In New York<br />3  - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic<br />9  - I Burn For You<br />8  - The End of the Game<br />10 - We Work The Black Seam<br /><br />Really, I am so pleased with the album that I'm really hoping that there will be a follow-on version with more of the songs from the tour.
B002ZG997C|2.0|This is basically the worst kind of Hollywood schlock, with lots of gratuitous violence and cod-religious undertones. Presumably the script was generated from market research that said \\"Americans love violence and guns and religion so let's make a movie that has all these elements. Oh yeah, and no sex except off-camera rape.\\"<br /><br />Whereas The Road was a silly story with above-average acting, this is a silly story with nothing to commend it. It's a total waste of your time, unless you have already switched off your brain.
B003UOQMGO|5.0|I bought this yesterday and have been listening to it non-stop.<br /><br />It's very nicely orchestrated and I was delighted to hear Sting's signature talent still rings true to form.<br /><br />On the whole I gave more than half of the tracks 5/5 stars, and only three tracks as low as 3/5 stars -- just personal taste, in all the years, I've never been very fond of those tracks...but that said, these versions are better than the past versions.  ;-)<br /><br />So here are my favorites (not really in priority order, but #12 really stands out):<br /><br />12 - The Pirate's Bride<br />13 - Why Should I Cry For You (iTunes Bonus Track Version)<br />7  - When We Dance<br />6  - Roxanne<br />2  - Englishman In New York<br />3  - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic<br />9  - I Burn For You<br />8  - The End of the Game<br />10 - We Work The Black Seam<br /><br />Really, I am so pleased with the album that I'm really hoping that there will be a follow-on version with more of the songs from the tour.
B003L20ICE|5.0|\\"The Kids are All Right\\" is one of the most honest and intelligent films about family, relationships, and the institution of marriage you're likely to see or have ever seen. That the central characters are a lesbian couple doesn't matter in the slightest. Director/co-writer Lisa Cholodenko doesn't sermonize about homophobia or civil unions or moral values, but rather presents a sincere, complex, and universal portrayal an American family - imperfect and at times highly turbulent, but still loving and committed. There's no trace of Hollywood idealism; rather, there's the sense that we're seeing real people living real lives with real ups and downs. Movies like this have to be treasured. They show respect for the audience. They involve you rather than make you feel like an outsider.    At the center of the plot are Nic (Annette Benning) and Jules (Julianne Moore), who have been married for a number of years and have raised two children, one born to each and conceived via an anonymous sperm donor. Despite their relatively normal upbringing, the half siblings - fifteen-year-old Laser (Josh Hutcherson) and eighteen-year-old Joni (Mia Wasikowska), are curious about their biological father and decide to contact him through the sperm bank. Here enters Paul (Mark Ruffalo), the casual, relaxed, super cool owner of a restaurant serving organic food he has grown and harvested himself. He seems to like the kids. The kids seem to like him. The moms think he's a little too pleased with himself, what with the way he describes his own success as the result of doing, not learning.    Nic, a doctor who has always been the dominant provider, slowly begins to feel as if her world is being stolen away, the kids spending more time with Paul than she's comfortable with. She drinks wine excessively. She has to be in control of every situation. Jules, less focused but more nurturing than Nic, begins to feel underappreciated, especially now that she has started a landscaping business. As it so happens, her first client is Paul, a turn of events that ties into a reality rarely discussed in the movies but is wisely observed here: Human sexuality is complicated, few falling into definite black and white categories. To say anything more would be too revealing, although I will say that, whatever happens, Paul will be cool with it. Others will be terribly confused. Others still will be hurt very deeply.    The characters, written and played with sharp humor and heart, all have qualities that are not only realistic but relatable as well. Nic and Jules love their children and they each other, but as they eventually come to realize, marriage is hard and subject to unexpected turns. Who's to say who was right and who was wrong in any given situation? It's not as clear cut as it might seem. Joni, now a legal adult and on the verge of moving away to college, is incredibly smart, although she feels pressured into being the perfect child of a lesbian couple, and she has not yet acted upon her own emerging sexuality. Laser, less bookish but greatly athletic, has trouble finding that fine line between an adrenaline rush and acts of sheer stupidity. This is especially true when in the presence of his friend, who everyone else correctly writes off as a loser and a bad influence.    As for Paul, there always seems to be someone like him in our lives. He's easy-going and open, although he doesn't always think before he acts. Why, for example, did he decide to donate sperm in the first place? Laser really would like to know. He puts a lot of selfless words in his answer, although one gets the sense that he doesn't really know why he did it. Maybe it just seemed like a good idea at the time. Maybe he's the kind of person that will try almost anything once if it seems fun enough. He's done many things in his life, but at this stage, he's cool with running an organic restaurant. Will he be cool with it a year from now? Five years? Ten? He says at one point that he would like afamily someday, although he doesn't strike me as someone who thinks that far in advance. He lives for the moment. Unfortunately, that may do more harm than good when it comes to Joni and Laser - he's their biological father, but he's not their dad.    The film is both funny and dramatic, and yet Cholodenko correctly avoids going too far in either direction. It doesn't condescend. It doesn't emotionally manipulate. It allows the characters and situations to evolve smoothly and naturally, so that by the end, I felt as if I had experienced something truly profound. It helps that that the performances are some of the best of any I've seen so far this year. Benning and Moore are completely believable in their roles, developed not as tiresome gay stereotypes but as actual people in a long-term relationship; they're not without their flaws, but underneath it all, they're well-meaning and decent. Wasikowska and Hutcherson play teenagers I could truly care about, both having personalities that felt genuine. Ruffalo is in top form, convincingly playing a character that, like a lot of us, has yet to figure things out. \\"The Kids are All Right\\" is a real winner - one of the year's best films.
B000YRY8BG|5.0|One of the best ever, TV or film.    10 times better than the movie and the movie was pretty good.      As good as any TV series I've ever watch anywhere.      Masterpiece.
0375842209|5.0|Markus Zusak uses a very original style of writing for this story. I have never come across anything quite like it before.    As for the story, I actually ended up feeling very sorry for Death. How he managed to narrate a book of over 500 pages, I just can't imagine. The poor guy is completely blocked out with his work; until eternity. Personally, I feel that I am far too busy to write a book, and I have a life of leisure relative to that of the old Grim Reaper!    The book thief, Liesel Meminger, is fostered by the Hans and Rosa Hubermann in Molching, near Munich, during World War II. She interacts with much of the local community, and her best friend Rudy, who comically impersonates the great Jesse Owens and spends much of his time trying to steal a kiss from Liesel, features heavily. Apart from her foster family, the other main characters in Liesel's life include the Jewish fist-fighter, Max Vandenburg, who hides in the family's cellar, and the mayor's wife, Ilsa Hermann.    Death reveals his character, and his lack of understanding of both his mission on Earth and the strange behaviour of the human race, through comments which are littered throughout the text. Some of these are very amusing, others are downright thought-provoking. We are told, early on, that Rudy will be tragically killed before the story is complete, but this takes nothing from the intensity of emotions that run through the reader's mind as the pages are turned. In fact, I would say that this knowledge probably increases the strength of feeling.     As the title implies, Liesel steals books from time to time, and these become part of her chronicle.    The only real gripe that I have with this book is that the publishers have tried to add realism to the inclusion of a hand-written short story, by illustrating it with ridiculously small and unreadable font. I struggled to read this enchanting section of the book with my fifty-four year old eyes peering through my reading glasses and a magnifyingglass. I am sure that it was never the author's intention to distract me from this beautifully presented story with bad formatting, but the publishers have a lot to answer for.    All said and done, I loved this book with its original style and its unique approach to relating the well-worn horrors of WWII. Superb!
B000068OCS|5.0|I have read a number of reviews of Koyaanisqatsi and more often than not reviewers have placed this film in the praise category.  I, too, have to agree.  This film from 1983 continues to be a landmark achievement regaleling the state of our planet and what 'we' have done to ravage it, even if only a slice of the entire.  The seamless beauty of the southwest is comparable to none.  We are treated to vistas, mountains, peaks and valleys, awe inspiring clouds and then the reality of man, milling around as a colony of ants to all we create and all we destroy.  An important lesson in our just realized eco-climate world.  I've also read the bad reviews concerning it's supposedly bad 'aspect ratio', and 'sound' issues, and others saying \\"what a waste of time.\\"  To them I would have to wonder just how cultured and intelligent they are.  Even in it's \\"bad\\" widescreen presentation it is a sumptuous and thought provoking piece of film history.  Things may be somewhat 'cropped', but you only have to envision what you don't see to get the full meaning of what Koyaanisqatsi brings to the heart, soul and mind.  I would not only highly recommend this film, but to challenge the viewer to take what is on screen, project what you feel, widen what you feel, and expand this to encompass the entire globe.  I personally love this film because with each viewing I come away with something knew and even more thought concerning.  There are other films that create the visions of our reality and they are all excellent in their nature, Koyaanisqatsi just prequels them, encouraging future visionalist to share that what we see, feel and hear concerns us all.  So there, Koyaanisqatsi is what it is and so much more.  An introspective journey of thought.
B002EA4IO8|5.0|Excellent book and easy-to-follow plot.  The perspective of a child adds a sentimental view to the atrocious acts that occurred at the concentration camp. Very quick read as well.  Not reading this book would be an injustice.
030726999X|4.0|\\"The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest\\", the 3rd book in Stieg Larsson's Millennium series is a page-turner.  It's easy to understand why these books are so popular.  Apparently there are over 27 million copies of these 3 Millennium novels in print.<br /><br />As popular as these books are, they aren't perfect.  In fact, when I stop to think about all that seems \\"off\\" with these books, it's surprising that I still love the books.  In my opinion, \\"Hornet's Nest\\" is too long - nearly 600 pages.  The first half of this book was rather slow going since the character Lisbeth Salander spent much of that time in the hospital and for many pages doesn't take an active role.  One of the reasons that the Millennium series is so popular is due to Lisbeth, one of the most unique and interesting characters in contemporary fiction.<br /><br />Another thing about these books that bothered me is Larsson's tendency to include so many details.  There's a fine line between describing a character, setting, or scene with details and including unnecessary details.  It's a line that Larsson seems to cross.  For instance, instead of saying a character got dressed, he chronicles exactly what the character puts on right down to color of each item of clothing.  Is that necessary?  I'm not sure, but it does seem odd.  He also describes food in minute detail, explaining exactly what characters eat, often including brand names or telling us that a character takes cream in his coffee.  Numerous times one character or another has toast with cheese and marmalade for breakfast.  Why such detail?  Does it add to the story, or distract the reader?  I wondered a number times while reading these books why an editor didn't suggest cutting details that don't add to the story.<br /><br />That said, aside from these oddities, the books are still completely captivating!  There's much to like about \\"The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest\\".  As I mentioned, Lisbeth brings so much to these novels.  She's tiny, tattooed, mysterious, antisocial, has a photographic memory, and is a talented computer hacker.  Eventually Larsson pulls her back into this story; it's at this point that the story finally takes off.  The last 200 pages of this book were awesome.<br /><br />Even though I felt that the book was too long, I was sad to read that last page, knowing that the chances of a sequel are slim.  Larsson died shortly after completing his drafts of these 3 novels., antisocial, has a photographic memory, and is a talented computer hacker.  Eventually Larsson pulls her back into this story; it's at this point that the story finally takes off.  The last 200 pages of this book were awesome.    Even though I felt that the book was too long, I was sad to read that last page, knowing that the chances of a sequel are slim.  Larsson died shortly after completing his drafts of these 3 novels.
B003IPC5UC|5.0|Kylie Minogue's new album has officially converted me to become her fan. She's absolutely comfortable in this album doing what she does best - dance pop! Her album is sonically and thematically consistent, coupled with interesting hooks and memorable dance numbers. I hope this album gives her the US breakthrough that she deserves. All the Lovers, Get Outta My Way, Put Your Hands Up, Cupid Boy, Aphrodite, and Looking for an Angel are stand out tracks. I had to play them over and over again - the positive energy that comes from her music is infectious. Kylie is very deliberate in terms of how she wanted to craft the album - she's not charting new musical territory but she's definitely at her best with the dance numbers. Give the album and her concerts a try - its as good as a madonna concert !!
0385338910|5.0|Tropper's books are absolutely addicting, and this one is no exception.  This book grabs your attention and won't let go!    The main character, 29 year old Douglas Parker, has lost his wife.  The tragic accident occurred more than a year ago, but Doug is still grieving.  His grief is all-consuming and occupies Doug every hour of every day.  He's sad and depressed, but still, such a likable character.      The other characters in the book are equally engaging.  The book introduces us to Doug's late wife Hailey who was 11 years his senior, Hailey's teenage son Russ, and Russ's biological father.  Doug's family members also play key roles in this story and the family dynamics are both supportive and dysfunctional.  Also worth a mention are neighborhood women, who \\"comfort\\" Doug, resembling characters straight out of \\"Desperate Housewives\\".  With this host of colorful characters, Tropper works his magic.    How Tropper managed to write such a witty book about grief speaks volumes about his talent.  Simply put, Tropper has a way with words.
0061245097|5.0|I love this series. Seems to only get better. One Foot in Grave is my favorite in the series hands down.
B002L3RVCY|1.0|I do love me some Star Wars, well specifically the first trilogy (ep. 4,5,6) and the \\"Knights of the Old Republic\\" VG. The second trilogy(ep. 1,2,3) was awful...lots of flash and no substance. I was really hoping this Clone Wars series was going to make up for the turds Lucas put out with those last three movies, but I was sadly mistaken. The show looks great, but the characters are sooooo wooden. Who hires these writers? I understand it's a kids show, but there is no fun or joy to these characters. \\"Avatar, the last airbender\\" was a great kids cartoon...the characters in that series were dynamic and fun to watch, you actually care what happens to them.     Also, i personally think every writer on this show should be fined $1000 every time they make one of the characters say \\"I gotta bad feeling about this!\\". Bleeech, my womprat could fart out better dialogue than this....and he's been dead for 15 years!
B00005JMJG|5.0|This movie arrived on time and I was very pleased with the condition. No complaints.
B003ODL004|4.0|My past experience with Hans Zimmer had always being similar to my experience with the Yankees in the sense that he was a composer that I loved to hate. After the brilliant and daring \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" all negative feelings are almost gone and replaced with respect and a wee bit more understanding into how the man's mind works. With \\"Inception\\" Zimmer gets back with Nolan and despite the movie supposedly being a mind altering and highly intelligent experience, the score is pretty direct and in your face with very little subtleties.<br /><br />The album is largely an atmospheric album, the closest thing to a theme I could pick up was a long drawn out two note motif reminiscent of his stuff for Nolan's Batman movies. It's a very simple little statement but works amazingly well on the album. The motif is first heard on \\"Dream is Collapsing\\" which is pound for pound my favorite piece of music all year. I became obsessed with the track after hearing it on the movie's website and now glad I get to play it ad nauseam on my little Zune. Was blasting it today whiles driving and it's amazing to listen to when you're speeding on the highway. Makes one feel like a complete bad*** when racing down the highway with the enormous brass section just yelling right in your face then you have the strings weaving in and out and some very cool guitars to help complete the total bad*** feeling. Say what you want about Zimmer, the man knows how to do exciting music.<br /><br />\\"Radical Notion\\" is a track that walks in familiar territory in terms of the string ostinatos that we're accustomed to from \\"The Dark Knight\\" but is not just a copy and paste job. Starts off playing the main motif rather dramatically then dips into some too cool for school stuff before playing around with the little motif some more. The last moments of the track gets aggressive, which I imagine will make sense after seeing the movie.<br /><br />\\"Old Souls\\" is a long and effective track that continues the atmospheric feel of the album. A nice little break from the ridiculously large brass section. It gets busy and kinda wanders into Davy Jones territory towards the end. Tracks like \\"One Simple Idea\\" and \\"Paradox\\" contains some similar atmospheric laid back moments. \\"Dream within a Dream\\" brings back the motif heard in \\"Dream is Collapsing\\" but adds some too cool for school percussion that I dare anyone not to tap their feet or rock out like they were at a rock concert.<br /><br />\\"Mombasa\\" kinda sounds like a \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" wanna be but breaks off into it's own little groove. I can't say i'm a huge fan of the track but it is a lot of fun to listen to. If Zimmer ever gets bored with filmmusic he can try his hands at being a rock producer. The last track on the album is a nice little way to end the album. Builds up and up till it quites down to a sad little piano and the strings.<br /><br />The hierarchy and the elitist of the filmmusic world will hate this. The type that eat fried chicken with a fork, wear a top hat and a monocle I imagine, whine and complain about lack of themes and originality then turn around give \\"Avatar\\" 5 stars. Yeah they'll hate this alright. But like I told one of my favorite people on facebook the other day, my main attraction to filmmusic is the fact it's not a specific genre set in stone. Anything can be filmmusic, one day you're listening to something challenging and avant garde like \\"Planet of the Apes\\" or \\"Alien 3\\", then the next off to a whimsical fantasy world with \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" and \\"Stardust\\".<br /><br />These artist have to be good at everything, not just orchestral music, but every form of music because you never know when you might need use some electric guitars, or need to do some Asian music in a movie. So far in 2010 we've had so many great scores from a lot of great composers from the digital age that range from full blown orchestral, to something like this which uses the orchestra but uses a lot of stuff too as well. If anyonecan find a better type of music out there that offers such great range and requires the musicians to have such an expanded musical vocabulary, then good luck.<br /><br />Not sure if this movie will be as big critically or box office wise as \\"The Dark Knight\\", and I don't know if i'll be watching the movie 3 times in one day like I did with \\"The Dark Knight\\" *yes I have no life*, but so far the album especially \\"Dream is Collapsing\\" is very well done and incredibly addictive. \\"Dream is Collapsing\\" alone much like \\"Discombobulate\\" from \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" more than justifies purchasing the album.<br /><br />Recommended if you have don't have your nose in the air and think every filmmusic has to be full on orchestral.hat offers such great range and requires the musicians to have such an expanded musical vocabulary, then good luck.     Not sure if this movie will be as big critically or box office wise as \\"The Dark Knight\\", and I don't know if i'll be watching the movie 3 times in one day like I did with \\"The Dark Knight\\" *yes I have no life*, but so far the album especially \\"Dream is Collapsing\\" is very well done and incredibly addictive. \\"Dream is Collapsing\\" alone much like \\"Discombobulate\\" from \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" more than justifies purchasing the album.     Recommended if you have don't have your nose in the air and think every filmmusic has to be full on orchestral.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|This album has been rated as one of the best albums of 2010 for a reason. It's INCREDIBLE!!
1572816112|5.0|I hadn't read tarot in years, and while I still take very good care of my vast collection of cards, I must admit they've been gathering dust.  I work for a major bookstore, and for the last 6 months, I've been walking by the Deviant Moon deck.  It always seemed to draw my interest, but while I would sometimes even pick it up, I didn't buy it until yesterday, when finally the deck seemed to just insist that I get it.<br /><br />I called up my friend and asked him if I could take the cards out for a test drive with him.  Usually, what I like to do is go through the cards, and at least look through the deck and get familiar with it before I dive into a reading.  Especially because I find those 'artlsy' decks to be more advanced if you aren't already familiar w/tarot imagery.  BUT, my friend was very IMPATIENT, and insisted that I take the new cards, riffle, shuffle, cut, x amount of times for his reading...as much as it made me cringe, I did as he asked, and my reading was so amazingly clear, concise, and just really spot on.  The cards often gave me LITERAL meanings with the picture.  For example, the question was about his career in our company as we're also work colleagues.  He had worked before for Tower records, was high up and involved in the music industry.  He has many times told me, and I quote him exactly, \\"My world was turned UPSIDE DOWN when Tower went out of business, I had vested so much time in that company and I thought that was going to be my career\\".  When we did his spread, I literally laughed out loud because the card for distant past- South Card in the C.C. spread was \\"World Reversed\\".  I couldn't believe it.  It was almost freaky that the cards were so literal, and it was a testament to their accuracy and humor that they literally showed in pictures a phrase he used regularly when describing his past experience with his lay off.<br /><br />The pictures just really speak to you.  You don't necessarily need to dig deep for the answers.  I did find myself double checking in the booklet, but all of my first impressions of the cards were the intended meanings- and some of the phrases I used to describe the cards were verbatim in the booklet- which I hadn't seen beforehand.  I literally opened the deck with my friend and used them on him....and it was the clearest, best, reading I had given anyone ever.  I was able to easily go with the flow and give the reading, and didn't have to awkwardly pause and look stuff up like I usually have to do when I'm out of practice.  Even though I believe books and guides are just guidelines, every deck speaks differently to each reader, sometimes the new beautiful decks can be harder to interpret if you're unfamiliar or unpracticed.<br /><br />I am far from expert, and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND the Deviant Moon tarot to anyone, beginner to expert who admires the deck but may feel intimidated b/c of their own perceived skill level.  There was a steady flow of consciousness, it was just amazing.  I loved it so much, that I just ordered today (after buying it 18 hours ago) the Limited Edition Deviant Moon deck to keep w/my \\"collector edition\\" tarot decks.  As you can see, I was also motivated to post on this tarot forum after 3 or 4 years.<br /><br />Anxiously awaiting the next special edition trump set...checking in the booklet, but all of my first impressions of the cards were the intended meanings- and some of the phrases I used to describe the cards were verbatim in the booklet- which I hadn't seen beforehand.  I literally opened the deck with my friend and used them on him....and it was the clearest, best, reading I had given anyone ever.  I was able to easily go with the flow and give the reading, and didn't have to awkwardly pause and look stuff up like I usually have to do when I'm out of practice.  Even though I believe books and guides are just guidelines, every deck speaks differently to each reader, sometimes the new beautiful decks can be harder to interpret if you're unfamiliar or unpracticed.        I am far from expert, and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND the Deviant Moon tarot to anyone, beginner to expert who admires the deck but may feel intimidated b/c of their own perceived skill level.  There was a steady flow of consciousness, it was just amazing.  I loved it so much, that I just ordered today (after buying it 18 hours ago) the Limited Edition Deviant Moon deck to keep w/my \\"collector edition\\" tarot decks.  As you can see, I was also motivated to post on this tarot forum after 3 or 4 years.    Anxiously awaiting the next special edition trump set...
B002RV01Q8|4.0|So glad I decided to purchase this combination of CD and DVD of Enya.  WOW...What a cover!  I have not seen the DVD yet but know I will enjoy it as much as the CD which I have listened to several times since I received it a few days ago.  I have several other Enya CD's and The Very Best of Enya will not disappoint you if you are an Enya fan!  A great price from AMAZON and delivered without a scratch or dent in speedy time.
0307278255|5.0|I'm perplexed by some of the reviews calling the stories in this excellent collection from Jhumpa Lahiri 'monotonous.'  Other than the fact that the stories all start with a base of second-generation Bengalis in the US, each of tales seem fresh, new and inventive.  It's a treat to see the small worlds that Ms. Lahari can create in 40 or so pages from a standing start.  Of course, I came in with a bias: I adored [[ASIN:0618485228 The Namesake: A Novel]] - both the book and the faithful adaptation by Mira Nair.<br /><br />Speaking of movies, one can't help when reading these stories to think \\"this one would make a great movie.\\"  I was doing that with all the stories, but really raised that refrain to a ruckus upon completing the three chapter story ('Hema and Kaushik') that comprises Part Two of the book.  This beautiful, heartbreaking tale has screenplay written all over it.  I'll buy my ticket for the premiere right now.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I used to watch this when it was on M-TV but I only caught about one episode in 5 so seeing all of the episodes was a real treat! Just as funny and thought provoking as I remember - AHHH!! the young and fastidious of the M-TV generation. The box set is simple and compact with great graphics on each disc. Only a few extras such as interviews with some of the talent, pilot \\"Sealed with a kick\\" used to pitch the show and the two 'movies' ('Is it fall yet?' 'Is It college yet?') and Daria and Jane 'Intros' used for 'Daria Day' a day long tribute. I'm NOT big on extras, but these were 'Just Right'. My only complaint is the lack of any episode list or list of extras, there was a single insert sheet with a thank you from the creator Glenn Eichler which was blank on the other side. The only way to find out what is on the discs is to put them in to see the menus. Also the 'Daria Day' intros can only be seen if you play individual episodes and select the episode with the intro. They should have found a way to link them to play with or without when using continuous play.
B0036S4CTS|5.0|I try not to pick up my Kindle to read,\\"One Day\\" but I cannot resist.  I am rationing myself to a chapter now and then.  I am enjoying the life journey of Dex and Em so much that I do not want to reach the end.
6301971272|5.0|Sergio Leone's THE GOOD, THE BAD, & THE UGLY killed off the classic Hollywood pretty-boy Westerns in a hail of hideous hot lead and dragged the genre back into the dusty gutters of the back country where it belongs.  John Wayne would soil himself at the sight of Clint Eastwood's steely, unholy stare even as he was blown away by a few well-placed pistol shots.    Unlike the Westerns of previous days that went out of their way to make the West look like a fun and beautiful place, THE GOOD, THE BAD, & THE UGLY takes us to the harsh, hot, and horrific badlands of some godforsaken land where the laws of society and at times even the laws of physics don't apply.  A place where the villains are downright demonic and even the heroes are a bit morally ambiguous.  Even Clint Eastwood's \\"Blondie\\" character is really only in it for the money.    Set all of this rawness against the most fantastic score ever composed for a Western, and you're left with a three-hour mind trip of a movie that will leave you disgusted and dying to watch it again.    \\"Hey Blondie! You know what you are?! Just a dirty son of a *****!!!\\"
B0035V35P8|4.0|I enjoyed this movie.A little more graphic than I expected but still a pretty good movie.
B00009MGGI|4.0|This is another great BBC drama. The original book only covered the first part of the trilogy. That is the best, the second installment is also good, and the third installment is just milking the franchise in my view - not really worth watching<br /><br />FU, the main character, is so well played so one forgets some of the holes in the story, for instance that everything centres around him. I am not a feminist, but I couldn't avoid noticing the cardboard characterisation of all the females in this drama. I think that says more about the scriptwriter than the true nature of women. Anyway, that is a minor point. This is a fictional drama and it is good.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|I bought a new HDTV to use with Directv and purchased the cables. I had never used HDMI before so it is nice having 1 connection instead of the red-green-yellow composite. The picture and sound quality is excellent and the price reasonable. Plug it in and it works...pretty cut and dry.
B002HREKCI|5.0|Clay Jensen returns home from school to find a package with his name on it lying on his porch. Happily he tears into the package only to find that inside are cassette tapes and a letter from Hannah Baker. The girl who he's crushed on since her arrival at his school. The same girl who committed suicide two weeks earlier.<br /><br />On these seven tapes, Hannah explains are the thirteen reasons why she decided to end her life and Clay is one of them. He has to promise to pass the tapes on to the next person in the list but before that he'll have to listen in order to find out how he made the list and just how responsible he was for a girl to feel that she had nowhere left to turn.<br /><br />Please don't ask me why I've waited to so long to read this book. I think it might have been that I was avoiding the dark subject matter. I'm not entirely sure, but I can tell you that I have had it sitting in my shelves since I purchased it when it first came out.<br /><br />From the moment that I cracked this book open I could not put it down. I immediately became captivated by the dual narrative of Clay and Hannah. Mr. Asher's storytelling was done in a way where I could easily switch over from Clay's thoughts to Hannah's voice, which you could almost hear - it was that clear, precise, young, sad. I'm not sure if everyone's book came in the same packaging as mine did, but I was able to pull the jacket off my hardcover and by flipping it over I had a copy of the map that Clay was using during the narrative.<br /><br />I literally became obsessed with this book. I had to know what would cause a young woman to take her life. How a boy like Clay was somehow connected and even one of the reasons that caused the \\"snowball effect\\" that led her to end her life so abruptly. I was on an emotional roller coaster - I was going through the up's and down's of Hannah's life, through Clay's anger, frustration, doubt. I found myself wondering at how we can take people for granted, sometimes act or speak without thinking and how these same thoughtless actions can affect another person. It was very thought-provoking, to say the least. Mr. Asher did a phenomenal job of capturing the pressures, challenges and pitfalls today's kids face.<br /><br />There is no humor in these pages. It is sad and heartbreaking but one that will stay with me for a long time. There aren't words to describe how I feel for this book. All I can say is, if you own it, read it, if you don't, buy it or check out from your library, you will not be disappointed.ow these same thoughtless actions can affect another person. It was very thought-provoking, to say the least. Mr. Asher did a phenomenal job of capturing the pressures, challenges and pitfalls today's kids face.    There is no humor in these pages. It is sad and heartbreaking but one that will stay with me for a long time. There aren't words to describe how I feel for this book. All I can say is, if you own it, read it, if you don't, buy it or check out from your library, you will not be disappointed.
B0017VG69U|5.0|I was quite concerned after reading some of the negative reviews of the remastered Star Trek series.  For this reason, I only got the second season.  However, it far surpassed my expectations as to quality.  For this reason, I will get the remaining seasons.  Don't miss a trek to the final frontier.  Enjoy!!
0307454541|1.0|Okay, in all fairness, I did not even finish this book. But that is a testament to how incredibly boring and hard to follow it is. I picked it up on 3 separate occasions, thinking if it's such a hugely popular book, then there must be something I'm missing. And now after reading some of the 1 and 2 star reviews here, I thankfully see that I'm not alone. This book is truly boring in the beginning, and apparently gratuitously violent where it is not putting one to sleep. I was completely lost by page 20, trying to follow the conversations and exposition with Blomkvist (don't remember how to spell his name), and all the while wondering why I should care and what this had to do with anything. I'm sure there were some things lost in the translation of the book- maybe it was better in the original language, but my advice is to save your time and money and read something by Tana French instead.
B00000273M|5.0|This group made my 80's!  Not only could they harmonize like angels but they were an actual BAND - females playing instruments so intrigued me and I rooted for their every success.  They hit at the perfect time like most artists during this era and used the MTV video driven medium to showcase their talent & quirky videos.  I never purchased their individual albums because all of my favorite tracks are on this disc:  HAZY SHADE OF WINTER (one of my favorite covers ever, masterful update), IF SHE KNEW WHAT SHE WANTS, ETERNAL FLAME, IN YOUR ROOM, WALKING DOWN YOUR STREET, MANIC MONDAY, BE WITH YOU & WALK LIKE AN EGYPTIAN.<br /><br />I recently saw their Behind the Music episode on-line and gained more insight into the evolution, dissolution & reformation of the band.  It's good to see that they were able to grow & evolve enough to forgive past hurts and work together again.
B002VECM4A|5.0|The book \\"Precious\\" by Sapphire is about a 16 year old African American girl, who has a poor childhood and is abused by both parents. She has two children who are fathered none other than her dad. The mother of Precious was abusive towards her; she believed that her daughter had taken her man away, the man whom she loved. Despite the fact that Precious got kicked out of school, she got the opportunity to enter in a special school that helped her get the education needed. Ms. Rain was a teacher whom actually paid attention to Precious due to the potential she saw in her. She always supported and encouraged Precious to change every aspect of her life towards the best. As Precious goes on with her life through the tough times, she has learned to love her fellow classmates and become a dedicated mother.   In my opinion, this book was well descriptive. It seemed as though the reader was there and knew how she felt. Another reason why this is a great book is due to the writing process that was chosen. Sapphire expresses well Precious thoughts and emotions in her poems. You can actually feel the hatred and pain that she carried within. Sapphire whom is the author, gives the readers a sense of how Precious thought of each person. Precious is an admirable girl even though people have perceived her as mean, selfish, and judgmental. I mention this because she tries to be a better person, whether it is getting an education or being a mother to her children.
B002VISNAS|5.0|Blink is about subconscious thinking and how it can lead us to accurate conclusions within the blink of a moment. It is also about how subconcious thinking sometimes also can lead us to wrong, irrational or discriminatory behaviour without us even being aware of it.    I read Outliers and now Blink. Gladwell's likes to tell anecdotes, most of the pages are small stories that can be linked to some scientific study. Gladwell knows how to choose interesting stories and how to tell them in a kind of feel-good colorful way. If that is your cup of tea, you will not be disappointed. Just remember, the guy is a journalist, he does best what journalists usually are best at, expect to be entertained or to find some thoughts worth further investigation.
B0036S4CTS|3.0|I was really fascinated by this book- the story of two people over the course of many years, but only viewed over one day, each of those years. We get to see Emma & Dexter on July 15, every year, & yet through that one day we get a glimpse of how they've changed- or not- throughout that year & eventually, how they grow from the university students we first meet, to the people they become. They have their problems, their triumphs- and just like life, some years were much more interesting than others. Overall, I thought it was a great concept that worked and was fun to read.
1401322336|5.0|If you are looking for recipes for great food, along with great tips on cooking than this book is great. You really can't go wrong with Jamie Oliver. I have yet to see a chef as passionate about food as him and it shows through his writing and cooking style. Great buy!
B003HFFVDQ|5.0|Short review here:  I just wanted to chime in that I really like this record, a lot.  I've not been the biggest Chemical Brothers' fan, but I've kept up with their stuff over the years.  For a whole album, this one charts as my favorite of theirs.  The album works pretty well as a whole piece and focuses more on their \\"psychedelic\\" electronic sound rather than the \\"big-beat\\" style hits (there are still plenty of beats, though).    It's something I can listen to quite a lot and keep enjoying it.  Tracks 2 and 3 are my favorites as of now.  \\"Swoon\\" sounds to me a lot like Orbital, but I like Orbital.      I like the Chemical Brothers' collaborations, like with Q Tip and Noel Gallagher, but I really like just hearing them have at it on their own, which they haven't really done like this, not even on Exit Planet Dust, and the sound of this record is far advanced from those days.  Quite a nice trip.
1861085257|5.0|Exactly what I needed! Tons of great tips for making your miniature food appear extremely realistic. I've been struggling with making strawberry canes but my very first successful cane was created after following the directions in this book. Very pleased!
B001P9EQH8|5.0|well i will start off by saying,before i make a review i am the type that will try the product for at least a month before i make a review.many people review products after a few uses and that's not enough time.  this is a very very good amplifier.i previously owned the boostaroo and the radioshack version and had problems with the wire going to the device.this product here is well designed and light weight.the only bad thing about this is that the battery doesn't last as long as i figured it should.it also makes up for that for the simple fact that you can charge it with a usb car charger.that means no aa or aaa batteries you have to buy.the sound quality is very good and it boost the volume big time.i use it for my sirius radio because plugging headphones straight to the back the volume is to low.it also has a charging indicator to let you know when the amp is fully charge.i am getting at least 12 hrs of use between charges.maybe even more.i definately cosign for this product.so far it is problem free and i use it for long periods of time.another good thing i like is that it comes with a extra cord going to the amp.so if a cord does malfunction,you can always use the spare or buy another for cheap.the boostaroo and radioshack versions cost more and there cords are built into the unit.that means when the solder breaks inside the unit,it's almost useless.  i recommend this to anyone.great product Fiio.
B00005LOLD|5.0|This is a classic movie and my family considers it \\"a family movie\\". We have been watching this movie since we were kids. It's a favorite of my mother and father and we children continue to adore it.
B0013FDM7E|5.0|One of Will Smith's best movies in my opinion.  It is very much like Resident Evil and Terminator combined.  If you saw Terminator Salvation, the movie is very much identical.  Just has zombies instead of robots.  Great movie you will enjoy it.  Some parts will catch you by suprise.
B003D83DPA|4.0|I really like this concert. As already mentioned, the video is not that great but acceptable considering the source. The sound quality is outstanding. I love the fact that this concert is available on the BD in mp3 format. I didn't realize it when I purchased this that in order to get the mp3s you need to have a BD player on your computer.<br /><br />What I would really like seems to be missing from every concert I have bought so far in the BD format. That is - a digital copy that I could transfer to my computer or iPod. I've got lots of digital copies of movies which I never use. Only once have I ever watched a movie on my ipod and the experience was not very satisfying. If I had digital copies of concerts however, I would be very happy to put those on my ipod and play them since I would be caring more about the sound.<br /><br />I hope a few manufacturers read this post and take it to heart!
B000HCO840|5.0|I loved the first two X-Men so this one should be awesome.  I paid 4.30 with free shipping for the collector's edition.  It was just as much as the regular version.  Wow what a case it comes in, very cool.
0060594896|5.0|Jack Canfield really knows how to deliver the information, inspiration, and tools to help the reader make huge strides in life. The Success Principles provides so much good information, it's an absolute cornucopia of the best advice to get from where you are to where you want to be, as the sub-title says. Get it, read it, rock your world!
B0000039QA|1.0|Im a big hip hop fan, my favorites being Drake, Lil Wayne, Soulja Boy, Limp Bizkit, Vanilla Ice, and MC Hammer... but lately ive noticed alot of folks seem to dislike good musicz. Back in the 90s MC Hammer and Vanilla ice created Hip Hop & Rap. things were great before fakes started taking over the scene! Studio gangsters like NWA, Snoop Dogg, Warren G, Ice Cube, 2Pac, and Notorious BIG became famous and everyone forgot about good music like MC Hammer and Vanilla Ice.  Anywho..this Notorious BIG guy faked his death to make more money! I mean comon, its sooooooo obvious hes not dead. If he were dead than why would his album still be for sale?  Not to mention he cant rap and his beats suck!! Stupid songs like \\"Notorious Thugs\\" and \\"hypnotize\\" have STUDIO GANGSTER written all over them!  For good hip hop stick with Kid Rock, Limp Bizkit, Akon, and Lil Drake.
0061765236|4.0|One of the things that struck me was the way it was expected that Chris and Emily would become sexually intimate - with hopes that they would eventually marry.    Yet Emily was clearly uncomfortable with this expectation - partly because of her earlier sexual abuse, and partly because of how she felt her sexual relationship with Chris was incestuous.  The latter feeling apparently undid her when she became pregnant.    She had no one to talk to about this.  Chris \\"loved\\" her and would be devastated if she told him she loved him as a sister but not as a potential wife.  Her parents - and his - made it clear that they expected her to eventually marry Chris so she couldn't discuss her feelings with them either.    Her relationship with Chris was so close, she basically had no other close friends.    It seems to me that sexual relationships are emotionally dangerous for teens even without these particular circumstances and this book ought to give us all pause in encouraging teens to be active before they are truly emotionally ready.
B00006AW2M|5.0|If you really listen to this reissue remastered version ....you will hear the true talents of &quot;Brian Jones&quot; perhaps at his very best and last as well..  Why people continue comparing it to Sargent Pepper is beyond me just cause it came out about the same time? .....you may not like this due to the fact it's not commercial at all!  Please give it a fair listen there is some great sounds!  It's not pepper upside down!
0060007737|3.0|Almost all of what he wrote is very useful and good. He doesn't know what he is talking about when he talks about laws 16 and 17: The law of the shape referring to symbols and logos and the law of color.<br /><br />It seems that many of the other laws could be condensed in one or two laws about focusing on narrowing the scope and category of your brand.
0446619078|5.0|The first two in the Harry Bosch series (The Black Echo and The Black Ice) had a few flaws, but they were still very readable. The third in the series was much better: better mystery, more hard-hitting realism, and higher tension). The Last Coyote, which is the fourth in the series, is just as intense and dramatic as the last book. Harry Bosch is a Hollywood detective whose life is turning away from paradise as he loses his home (the Northridge Earthquake), his girlfriend (departure to Italy), and [nearly] his job (significant outburst against his boss). The thing that bothers him the most, though, is murder case all the way back in 1961: the murder of his mother, a prostitute. Despite his suspension, Bosch does all he can to discover who killed his mother, and soon it becomes more than a murder mystery.<br /><br />Michael Connelly has done a splendid job with The Last Coyote. The way he interlocks all the plot points together near the end is all done with superb craft. Keep in mind, it's not perfect (the story is sometimes implausible). But for a guy that admires crime thrillers like this, I have to say that it succeeds with its realism and suspense. For those who love hard-hitting crime fiction, then this (along with the first three) will certainly entice.<br /><br />Grade: A-
B002JCSWV6|5.0|Don't have any expectations and you'll enjoy this movie.  The plot is rather simplistic, but the fact that its based on history makes one appreciate the actions of Nelson Mandela to do whatever it took to unite South Africa at a time when the majority population was looking for retribution for apartheid.
B001G55JEK|5.0|Nosferatu is considered a classic horror movie and was shot in 1921 and released in 1922. The movie was influenced by the German expressionist movement and has influenced many horror movies even as of today. The leading role of Count Orlock is played by Max Schreck and he plays it with such conviction that one actually believes that he could a vampire. The movie was directed by F.W. Murnau. The music is very effective and the atmosphere is very frightening. This is a ground breaking horror movie and should be seen by fans of quality horror movies and fine cinema in general. 5/5.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|This has to be one of the best new shows on T.V. today.  It was very engaging and extremely entertaining.  I believe this show is better than lost and can't wait to get the first season on DVD!
B0029LX2LC|5.0|This album is a classic! better material more substance. The roots involve with every album...
B002HWRYJE|4.0|By now in the Star Trek world everything's been re-imagined and time-warped and saved and destroyed just so many times that anything can happen. It's interesting how the new director manages to keep on having the brash Kirk pretty much unable to outshine the creepy Spock, but who would have ever thought that Vulcans could be sexy!!! Eric Bana as a Romulan general bent on revenge has a good blend of corn, and we enjoy the entrance of each familiar player as they come (although maybe Uhuru is just a bit too sassy?). I like the idea of \\"red matter\\", and the mindless violence was really good fun. Zen and I laughed our heads off at Montgomery Scott's alien sidekick, especially in his last appearance at the end of the movie (\\"You - get down from there!!!).
B0010YSD7M|5.0|I hate to admit it, but I stopped watching the show after Season 8. Mainly because I was getting tired of the Goa'uld plot, but I had no idea at the time that they were going to introduce a new villain, one that was even better: the Ori! Lucky this DVD has a 9-minute recap of previous events both on the special features and on the movie itself. You can choose between watching the movie with the recap or without. And it's a good thing too, at least for me, or I would have been totally lost. But thanks to the recap, I was able to enjoy the movie to its full potential. So even if you haven't been keeping up with the show, you can still enjoy it.<br /><br />An epic action-packed film with a great plot. SG-1 is looking for an ancient artifact called the Ark of Truth that can help them defeat the Ori once and for all. But their mission will not be easy. Apart from facing danger from the Ori, they must also deal with a double-crossing I.O.A. operative on board the Odyssey as well as an army of lethal Replicators. But will their efforts be in vain? Even if they manage to find the Ark, will they find it in time to prevent the Ori from wiping out Earth's entire population?<br /><br />Highly recommended!
0810993139|5.0|Like all of the Wimpy Kid movies, this one is very funny, with interesting comic book artwork. the story follows the life of middle-schooler Greg Heffley through his diary and his simple illustrations. Funny tales of school and classmates (including some very strange ones, bullies, girls, etc). There's the Cheese Touch, which is like the cooties but it's acquired when someone touches a piece of cheese that has become part of the schoolyard pavement. Tricks that Greg's older brother Rodrick plays on him. Funny tales of Rowley (great knock knock jokes), playing video games, and of course the introduction of classic \\"weird kid\\" Fregley (\\"Wanna see my 'secret freckle'?\\") who howls \\"juice! juice!\\" when he needs to pee. Greg also has a sleepover with Fregley, who's also his wrestling partner. We need more Fregley. There's Rodrick's band Loded Diper, Greg running for class treasurer, Hallowe'en tales, wrestling class, weightlifting, the class play, Safety Patrol, and Greg's comic competition. Some of the \\"bad\\" comics that Greg was competing with were actually pretty good (check out Rowley's \\"Zoo-wee Mama\\". The book's not all fun - there's also a grim tale of giant snowmen that is a bit tough. But at least it ends well, when we find out what happens to the cheese.
B0017MO10U|2.0|Not for my taste. \\"Stargate: Continuum\\" has a very old plot that has been reused over and over again in both \\"Stargate SG-1\\" as well as in sci-fi stories in general. The first half is lacking in action, and you don't see much of O'Neill in this one. He shows up in the first few minutes of the film and the last few, but that's it. And the story is lacking in structure. The second half of the movie wasn't that bad, but still not worth wasting your money on.<br /><br />Not recommended!
B001UREJWM|3.0|First song has a great title - \\"Atom and Evil.\\" Is it about how nuclear weapons are bad? Can't be sure, said the spider to the fly. It's great to hear the band making original music again (Heaven & Hell, by the way, is Black Sabbath as they were with Ronnie James Dio on albums such as \\"Heaven and Hell\\", \\"The Mob Rules\\" and \\"Dehumanizer\\", except they're not allowed to be called like that due to a truce with Ozzy Osbourne over who is allowed to use the name \\"Black Sabbath\\"), and you have to wonder if this is what people felt when they got a new Black Sabbath album in the old day (I'm old enough to remember when \\"Mob Rules\\" was a new album, with hot new singles, fresh on the radio). Too bad, though, that the release has an album almost as ugly as \\"Born Again\\" (also by Black Sabbath, but with Ian Gillan singing).<br /><br />\\"Fear\\" is a raunchy rocker that soars nicely, while \\"Bible Black\\" starts off softly, with great Dio vocals grabbing the spotlight, turning quickly into a great rocker (this was also the album's hit single). The song is long, the solo withering. Amazing to think that he had been in show business for fifty years at that point, but had just more than a year left to live (the album was released April 28, 2009, and Dio died on May 16, 2010, aged 67 years old.<br /><br />\\"Double The Pain\\" is a somewhat corny ole track, while \\"Rock `n' Roll Angel\\" is a bit more anthemic. \\"Turn of the Screw\\" is noble and gigantic, while also seeming quite poppy. \\"Eating the Cannibals\\" is probably the best thing on the album, the band gets real tight and has a lot of fun with great, tight riffs and huge noise. \\"Follow the Tears\\" is one of those spooky songs, and is more Ozzy than Black Sabbath, but \\"Neverwhere\\" is more Dio-era Black Sabbath, with a real bite of venom, with one of those old Tony Iommi solos (to the extent that you wonder if he bothered to put one on any of the other songs, or if he had a stand-in). Excellent! \\"Breaking into Heaven\\" the last song on the last full-length feature album Ronnie James Dio released in his life (until I'm proven wrong) is \\"\\"Breaking into Heaven.\\" Besides being somewhat prophetic, the song is good fun and very slow (finally) and plodding through several riffs and other deas. Great; while it's not a great closer to a great album, it is nice to hear that the music is still there, and to have a Dio soundtrack for the next ten years. Thank you RJD!e album Ronnie James Dio released in his life (until I'm proven wrong) is \\"\\"Breaking into Heaven.\\" Besides being somewhat prophetic, the song is good fun and very slow (finally) and plodding through several riffs and other deas. Great; while it's not a great closer to a great album, it is nice to hear that the music is still there, and to have a Dio soundtrack for the next ten years. Thank you RJD!
B000HEWEJO|5.0|We all know the ending: a victory for the George Bailey family and a defeat for the nefarious Henry F. Potter.  But is it a lasting victory?  Check out a book that follows the history of Bedford Falls up to the 21st century--[[ASIN:0557361168 Return to Bedford Falls]].  (Full disclosure: I'm the author of that book!)
B0036TGSR6|2.0|Yet another Polanski movie about a hapless do-gooder who wants to do right, but ultimately cannot. Dig the ironic ending!
1416914307|5.0|awesome book. read it. also, they make vampires and wolverines monsters. not the mushy ones from twilight.
B001P9KR8U|3.0|Somewhat convoluted film that is told in and out of time order roughly at five levels, some levels separated by years, others separated by days, others by hours. The story is about two brothers Jamal and Salim, and their friend Latika, who are played by three teams of actors, roughly aged five, 12 and 21. The film starts when Jamal is thrown into police interrogation, suspected of cheating on a 20,000,000 rupee quiz show. No one can understand how a street kid could get so many questions right, but somehow he does. Through flashback, we understand how he does it. And the police, never having encountered someone so truthful, cannot keep him in the cell any longer. And so he goes back to the TV studios to play the final round.<br /><br />Of course, the question of luck is a bit like the story of Chance the Gardener in \\"Being There\\" - he never did anything other than be himself, and was immensely successful at it - but the story of young people who fought their way out of poverty and bad luck to finally make something of their lives, and to win the support of the population in so doing, is simply a tale that is hard to beat. Some moments of unbelievability - where did these kids learn English, anyway? But it's a great film.
B003JSU2NU|2.0|I did not like this one as well as the twlight or new moon soundtrack but it is alright. The movie on the other hand was GREAT!
B000FS9FC6|5.0|Great dystopian thriller about V and Evey on a one-year revenge- and death-trip. V chilling and cool in his Guy Fawkes mask, his heavy throwing knives, his superhuman fighting ability, his ability to pit his enemies against each other, and his conniving to throw the whole rotten country into anarchy and revolution. What an appropriate message for the mass media! Natalie Portman is not very charismatic in the film, despite getting top billing, with Hugo Weaving enchanting merely throughout the power of his voice and his body language (he's masked throughout). Great movie, really splendid. I have read the graphic novel, and now want to read it again.
0307474712|4.0|A rather sobering portrait of the passage of time, and how life continues it's see saw of up and down,David Nicholls device, to show the same day over the course of twenty years in the lives of  two friends is what makes it original,but that time span could also be the reason I didn't feel a pressing need to find out what will happen between the two characters. There's a certain momentum that's lost with each chapter recounting the prior year but it didn't lessen my enjoyment, just wasn't the page turner I thought it might be. The novel's dialogue crackles with the kind of rapid wit and repartee most people can only dream about having, so it's no surprise that the book will soon be in a multiplex near you, with attractive stars Anne Hathaway and Jim Sturgess, playing the the charming Emma and Dex.
B000M341QO|3.0|Another DiCaprio movie directed by Scorsese. This guy has worked with everyone!!! Here he is, working with Mark Wahlberg and Jack Nicholson and Matt Damon to remake the amazing Hong Kong crime drama \\"Infernal Affairs\\", where the mob has a mole in the police and the police has a mole in the mob, played by Dicaprio and Damon. But which is which? Great action and guts, but somehow Dicaprio is sleepwalking through this one, with Damon more convincing as a seedy, sleazy recruit gone bad. Jack Nicholson is cocky, but not convincing as a crook somehow (?!?!?).  The violence builds up and gets labyrinthine, as the two characters close in on each other. Great action, great guesswork, but somehow Dicaprio and Nicholson feel miscast.
B002RO76Y0|5.0|I was lucky to have found a distributor with access to this wonderful CD by Ray, Robby, and John--1971 & 1972.  Apparently it was only released in Europe, but worth the $25 or so. For serious DOORS fans, this is a must!  And the distributor responded quickly to a question I emailed him.
030726999X|4.0|This is the third book in the Millenium series by Stieg Larsson. I had a hard time finding it in Singapore at a good price, but I finally did the day before I went to Japan, so I happily bought a copy - yay. I read it on the flight and was very happy. The story picks up at the end of the cliffhanger second book. While the first book is about Lisbeth Salander slowly becoming a character to take on Mickael Blomkvist, and the second one is about drawing Lisbeth Salander out of hiding, the third one is about knowing just what will become of her life - she's been shot in the head, but is saved and is in hospital. The story is now about unfurling the secrets of her past - with no help from her - and finding out which sort of extra-judiciary surveillance department has been working to keep her down. She, of course, has her own agenda and her own ideas about how justice is supposed to be meted out. The third book is better than the second book in some ways, and once again Mickael Blomkvist labours intensively (and senselessly, in the way that he has nearly no support from Salander herself) to right the wrongs acted upon Salander, this time enlisting not just the staff of the Millennium, but also several police units. Of course, quite a while before the actual end of the book, our heroes manage to figure out how to utterly annihilate their opposition, both in court and on the streets, and we're all heading to a happy end. Somehow the book ties up too neatly, and the various superfluous passages require some explaining (presumably Larsson was writing about people he knew in real life), such as the one about the gay investment banker in Gibraltar, and the one about the theft of Erika Berger's stash of very very very personal items. There is also something about how the chairman of the biggest newspaper in Sweden has invested in a company in Vietnam that uses child labour (is this mirroring something Larsson knew about but couldn't prove?). The civilness of the good Swedes (Blomkvist and his process-driven bunch) is refreshing to follow, and these people seem fair, good and just. But ultimately it is good fun seeing the Cold War baggage that their dinosaur enemies are destroyed by their own arrogance and presumptuousness, never suspecting that their era of lawless activity was nearing an end. How they do it is somewhat clever; a masterpiece of detective fiction this ain't, but it also never pretends to be that at all. I was especially happy with the last three pages of the book which I think were very well-done. Good job, Larsson, rest in piece.mkvist and his process-driven bunch) is refreshing to follow, and these people seem fair, good and just. But ultimately it is good fun seeing the Cold War baggage that their dinosaur enemies are destroyed by their own arrogance and presumptuousness, never suspecting that their era of lawless activity was nearing an end. How they do it is somewhat clever; a masterpiece of detective fiction this ain't, but it also never pretends to be that at all. I was especially happy with the last three pages of the book which I think were very well-done. Good job, Larsson, rest in piece.
B000SQKZKG|5.0|Astonishing as much for its energy as its originality and versatility, this CD documents a mind-blowing concert tour by the legendary progressive power trio.  The band rips through the opening \\"Hoedown\\" at breakneck speed and never looks back.  \\"Jerusalem\\" is suitably inspiring, and the piece by Ginastera is totally off the hook, Palmer going crazy on the synthesized percussion.  Before you've caught your breath, they're into a complete \\"Tarkus\\" (including a much expanded \\"Aquatarkus\\") that just blows the doors off the studio version, which now seems awkward and mechanical by comparison.  After this revelation they finally downshift for an acoustic set built within the framework of \\"Take a Pebble\\" (from their debut album) and including Lake's solo performances of \\"Still... You Turn Me On\\" and \\"Lucky Man\\", this latter probably being the only real disappointment of the concert.  Emerson takes over for the piano section, doing an amazing 12 minutes of what's called \\"Piano Improvisations\\", demonstrating that much as he enjoys his toys and gimmicks, he's still a spectacular musician without them.  Then to continue in a lighter vein, the band gives us a playful \\"Jeremy Bender/The Sheriff\\" medley before settling down for the brutality of \\"Karn Evil 9\\".  Since this piece was from their current album at the time, the difference between the live and studio versions isn't as dramatic as \\"Tarkus\\" for example, but the power of their playing still carries the material to new heights.  Palmer's drum solo from the \\"1st Impression\\" is especially noteworthy, a self-contained composition evocative of a train leaving a station.  Music with this kind of grandeur and technical bravado may not be to everyone's taste - it's not called art rock for nothing - but to my mind it's ELP's intensity, the way they attack the material rather than just reciting it, that makes this the greatest live recording of the progressive era, and a legitimate contender for the best live album of all time.
B001N11EMI|3.0|I watched this film in about five sitting because I kept getting interrupted. It is about Leonardo Dicaprio as the son of Liam Neeson, who confronts Daniel Day Lewis and his gang in a turf war but is slain before his five-year-old eyes. All very Shakespearean, with revenge as the prime motivator throughout. Besides Bill \\"the Butcher\\" Cutting and his gang, there are the many other gangs, the criminals, the thieves and stealers, as well as the remnants of the Irish gang Dead Rabbits, with ghouls like Hellcat Maggie and all the rest of the filth and scum that make their living in the wickedest den of scum and villainy. People living sad, fearful lives where even the sex is frightening and traumatic. There are parallels and betrayals and regret and valour, but mostly there is a fearful loss of life, with no honour. What a crazy world. Is it still like this? The most interesting point is when the film ends with the fearsome New York Draft Riots of that year, showing a time when anti-draft sentiment was whipped up and the mobs marched on the house of the mayor, destroying everything, when they looted and raped and lynched, and when they fought against the cannons that the military had to fire on more than just the four dead in Ohio.
030726999X|5.0|Larsson once again draws you into the lives of Lisbeth Salandar and Mikael Blomkvist from the moment you open the book. This unlikely pair are drawn into murder and intrigue once again. He has Salandar lying in a hospital bed with a bullet in her head and fighting for her life which has become very public. Larsson has the courts, the press, the government and the secret service all involved in this excellent adventure. He draws you into the lives of all involved and leads you to an exciting conclusion. I am only sorry that he did not live to give the characters more situations to resolve.
B001M4YZ90|5.0|This movie is definitely in my to 5 favorite movies, along with 2 other Guy Ritchie films, \\"Snatch,\\" and \\"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.\\"  If you enjoy either of those movies, you'll absolutely love this movie.  I've literally watched it over 20 times.  I carry a copy of it in my duffel bag whenever I go on trips.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|This series was awesome. I loved it as much as I loved lost. I was crushed when i found out about it being cancelled, but that doesn't subtract from the awesomeness that was season 1. the concept, the music, the visuals, cast, story.. etc.. It was great and hopefully one day it can conclude.
B000000YBQ|5.0|This may be my first jazz review.  I give Waltz for Debby five stars and I think, all in all, it just may be my personal favorite jazz recording that I am acquainted with.  I am citing comparative recordings in the hope that some folks write me and give me suggestions for music I may like.    If I could summarize, I think the Bill Evans trio in this recording is tops for warmth and affection and I intend some subjectivity to these terms.  It is how I feel.  I also place the highest regard to this ethereal quality with perhaps only melody rating as important (of course, this all assumes the musicians can play).  My favorites on the album are My Romance and Waltz for Debby and I offer no complaints for the recording containing two versions of each.    Oh, one negative.  I do think there is sometimes an overemphasis on the bass solos.    That being said, comparisons.  Jarrett Trio tops in everything, but not in that warmth.  Evans is warmer for me.  Tord Gustavson Trio very nice and soft, but not nearly as melodic.  E.s.t. very nice, but not nearly as warm and not as melodic.  What rates for me for individual songs?  Waterwheels (Klemmer), Aubrey (Grover Washington, Jr.), The Very Thought of You (perhaps my favorite) and When I Faill In Love (Botti).    I just love that kind of sweet melody and warmth.        Tony
0446563048|2.0|Just finished reading this book, Delivering Happiness:  A Path to Profits, Passion and Purpose and was mildy entertained.  It is a very light read, and written very plainly so that a large audience might gain some value from it.  Honestly, I am still on the fence on whether Tony wrote this book in order to bring more publicity to Zappos.    However, this book is filled with the trials and tribulations that a driven entrapenauer (Tony) encounters in his many attempts at building companies and economic ventures.  At center page, is Tony's morphing someone else's company (Zappos) into the billion dollar shoe empire that it is today.      Some of the stories are funny and crazy, especially all the raves Tony claims to have gone to, and his struggles can be interpreted as inspirational.  However, about two-thirds of the way through the book, it morphs into a collection of excepts from the Zappos employee handbook, which is about as dry as sand.  Terrible decision.    Also, for the last 40 pages or so, Tony starts babbling about the psychology of happiness and starts trying to take the reader down some road that I'm not even sure he fully understands.  Let's be honest, Tony is driven, and the methods he used worked, but I think there was a lot more luck involved in his success than he let's off.  It was an ok book, nothing that blew my mind away, but not too bad either.  I guess I would say it was just \\"meh\\".
B000BSLU2S|5.0|My girlfriend's Dell M1330 laptop (refurb) started an annoying habit of the fan ramping up to maximum level.  After a lot of reading I updated the bios and video display drivers in hopes that that would rectify the issue and that the fan speed was a glitch.  That didn't work.  So I looked into making the machine cooler.  She doesn't always use the laptop on a flat surface, so that could be part of the issue.  I decided that a thermal grease change may help.  So I did a lot of research online and speaking to a few computer techs I know.  I decided to buy the Artic 5 and give it a try.<br /><br />Luckily her computer was easy to work on.  It was super-simple to get to her CPU.  I cleaned off the old, grey paste that was on the chip (and then some).  I used an alcohol pad like you would get from the hospital.  I've seen some people say to use a higher purity alcohol 90%, but I used the 70% that was on the pad.  Once all was clean on CPU and heat sink, I put a small drop of Artic 5 on the chip and spread it evenly with the tip of the product syringe (then wiped off the syringe before putting the cap back on).  Put the laptop back together and fired it up.  That was about 3 weeks ago and I have yet to hear the fan ramp up like it was doing before the grease change.  The temperature on both cores of the CPU have gone down immensely!<br /><br />I liked the performance so much, and had so much more grease left over, that I decided to do the job on my own laptop even thought I haven't had any cooling issues.  I guess you'd call it preventative maintenance.  I have a Dell Inspiron.  The job was not even CLOSE to being as easy, but I got it done and have had no problems.  My fan barely ever comes on, so I guess that's good.<br /><br />This stuff really does what they say it does!
B0037QGS0K|4.0|I enjoyed \\"Chloe\\" for a few reasons. 1) Julianne Moore's performance is spot on. 2) I liked that the story, while a bit far fetched, never dips into camp. 3) The cinematography, editing, and direction all serve the story in a stylish and effective manner. \\"Chloe\\" is not something that is entirely original but it really held my interest and I enjoyed the dynamics between the four main characters. If you like adult drama's then \\"Chloe\\" is something you should check out.
B000GCFO0S|5.0|Four years since its release in theaters and I still find this movie captivating.  I am not the type of person to buy or watch horror movies very often.  It's probably debatable to even call this horror; it's more suspense.<br /><br />Irregardless, Christophe Gans couldn't have done a better job.  The movie is artistically done in the style and substance of the video game it was derived from; they say that Gans had the video game on set and referred to it constantly.  This is the kind of director one wants to do all video game adaptions--the faithful fan that wants to pay homage to something he loves and admires.<br /><br />The casting of Jodelle Ferland was superb.  I had to pause the movie on multiple occasions in awe and mystery and remind myself that she was a child actor; she has such profound performances to solidify the viewers' suspension of disbelief when experiencing this movie.<br /><br />The story itself has enigmatic qualities; for those that aren't immediately sucked in, it may cause disinterest--but it also allows those remaining to leave with a feeling of ownership.  The sense that you experienced a kind of art that was specifically for you allows a 'replay value' that will bring you back years later to purchase this movie, as I have.
B002EA4IO8|2.0|If you want to read a book about the holocaust, go for Maus I & II.  I would bypass this one. It began with the author saying he couldn't really explain this book. Shame, if he had I wouldn't have read it.  It started off from the perspective of a 9 year old boy.  I liked that part of it.  He wasn't happy about moving away from his friends.  Both he and his sister are spoiled brats from a well off German officers family. About the middle of the book, it started to irritate me, and by the end I wanted to throw this book across the room.  I can't believe they actually made a movie.
0393072231|5.0|I was twenty years old when the stock market crash happened.  I was hanging out with this girl who worked all day in this brokerage office and would do nothing but complain about how hectic her job was.  SHe could read about a thousand page book in two hours, so she would tell me how all these things are messed up, the CDO's did this, how CDS's did that, and, okay, I'll admit, I was attracted to the girl, so I wanted to learn about the stock market.  The girl stopped showing up to class and that ended our communication, but not my fascination with the markets.  (I had worked with an independent trader through the summer and my Senior year of High School, so I wasn't completely dumb), but I realized how much was out there, and for the first time, I wanted to know as much as I could.<br /><br />Then, came the discovery, first in a couple of news reports, then in an article or two, then in the documentary House of Cards, that there were people who made a fortune shorting the housing market.  First off, I had no idea what shorting was.  I needed to learn more and more about it.  I wanted to know these people success stories.  So I didn't come at this book completely unaware of the characters he wrote about, but I couldn't wait, though I hadn't read Michael Lewis's Liar Poker at the time, I had given it a little look through and thought he was a good writer.<br /><br />This book just blew me away, it had me laughing, it had me introspective, it had me sitting on the edge of my seat.  The immediacy in which he writes about Michael Burry dealing with his Investor's revolt, to me, seemed really entetaining, and had me worried he was going to lose out on his opportunity to make the money on a trade he saw coming before probably anyone else.  Steve Eisman's absentminded phone call started me laughing--he puts Vinny on hold and never comes back, only to hire Vinny a week or so later--it sounded so eccentric, and then you find out that the nurse taking care of their newborn had rolled over on his child and killed it while she slept, and all I could do was stare at the page.  Greg Lippmann is a character and a half, and Michael Lewis draws him so vibrantly that I could see him in my head.  Cornwall Capital Management and its crew of two (then three) Jaimie May and Charles Ledley (I don't have the book in front of me), then Ben (I can't remember his last name), who turned a 110,000 dollar account into 30 million in two years using LEAPS (options are my favorite form of trading, I turned 30,000 into 110 thousand, and I'm up another seventy five thousand), this Garage Band Hedge Fund is hilarious, fun, and entertaining in their search for truth and maximum profit.<br /><br />Michael Lewis successfully shows characters that are at both what you would expect in the world of banking and what you wouldn't believe, that it's all true makes this as unbelievable as it is incredible.  Michael Lewis shines a brilliant writer of true stories.<br /><br />To the people who gave this a negative review because it wasn't on Kindle, it is now, delete your stupid review please.  To people who say that the men in this story shouldn't be celebrated, I disagree, it takes for greater will, and far greater character to go against the crowd and bet against the expectations of everyone.  As a speculator, I can tell you, when i'm selling options I'm wondering whose buying, and make sure I have all my information.  I do not fight the facts, I do not fight the tape, I do not fight what the market is telling me.  The market told everybody who was paying attention that something was wrong, no one wanted to pay attention.<br /><br />Successful People Celebrate the success of others, unsuccessful people, decry the success of others as criminal, or immoral.<br /><br />I've urged all my friends and family to get the book, and loaned my copy out already.  I think this is a book that can be enjoyed by anyone.his child and killed it while she slept, and all I could do was stare at the page.  Greg Lippmann is a character and a half, and Michael Lewis draws him so vibrantly that I could see him in my head.  Cornwall Capital Management and its crew of two (then three) Jaimie May and Charles Ledley (I don't have the book in front of me), then Ben (I can't remember his last name), who turned a 110,000 dollar account into 30 million in two years using LEAPS (options are my favorite form of trading, I turned 30,000 into 110 thousand, and I'm up another seventy five thousand), this Garage Band Hedge Fund is hilarious, fun, and entertaining in their search for truth and maximum profit.      Michael Lewis successfully shows characters that are at both what you would expect in the world of banking and what you wouldn't believe, that it's all true makes this as unbelievable as it is incredible.  Michael Lewis shines a brilliant writer of true stories.    To the people who gave this a negative review because it wasn't on Kindle, it is now, delete your stupid review please.  To people who say that the men in this story shouldn't be celebrated, I disagree, it takes for greater will, and far greater character to go against the crowd and bet against the expectations of everyone.  As a speculator, I can tell you, when i'm selling options I'm wondering whose buying, and make sure I have all my information.  I do not fight the facts, I do not fight the tape, I do not fight what the market is telling me.  The market told everybody who was paying attention that something was wrong, no one wanted to pay attention.     Successful People Celebrate the success of others, unsuccessful people, decry the success of others as criminal, or immoral.     I've urged all my friends and family to get the book, and loaned my copy out already.  I think this is a book that can be enjoyed by anyone.
B003J27WFW|4.0|After a career of 35 years, the rock band Rush collaborated with filmmakers Sam Dunn and Scot McFadyen on this very thorough documentary. Members Alex Lifeson, Geddy Lee and Neil Peart all sat down for very long interviews, the vaults were opened for a torrent of archival footage, and past producers and even the band's parents give their impression of the musicians.<br /><br />Fans will probably find the documentary most informative in its coverage of the band's early days. The account of Alex and Geddy upsetting their families by dropping out of school and touring is enriched by actual film footage of a teenage Alex arguing with his parents. It has long been said that drummer John Rutsey left the band because his health didn't permit touring, but here it is revealed that he was essentially forced out of the band against his wishes. Neil Peart's pre-Rush struggles are not discussed, but the account of his recruitment into the band is pretty entertaining. The band's sudden decline in the mid-1970s, when it seemed like it was all over until the 2112 album saved them, is frankly covered. Finally, the band's change from ambitious progressive rock to a shorter format is surprisingly linked to the struggles in the band's family lives. As we near the present day, details become more and more sparse. Geddy could have admitted that he screwed up the recording of VAPOR TRAILS and talked about the band's search for a new, competent producer for SNAKES AND ARROWS, but he doesn't. In fact, that most recent album as I write this is not mentioned at all, represented only by Neil Peart wearing a shirt with the album's logo in footage from The Colbert Report.<br /><br />The documentary also covers the band's interaction with fans. Alex and Geddy show that they don't mind signing autographs or holding meet-and-greets. Neil Peart is infamously adverse to meeting fans, and the way he spastically flails about just at the mention of this reputation suggests that it's a lot more than simple shyness. On the other hand, the documentary seems to go out of its way to portray fans as freaks you'd want to stay well away from. The band's following is mainly represented by participants of RushCon, a subculture that isn't representative of 99% of Rush fans. We get an interview with a nerdy fellow, then a rather, uh, flamboyant guy. (The Rushcon extras on the second DVD are just salt in the wound.) Some musical celebrities are brought on to show Rush has had a major influence on rock. Some, like Les Claypool and Jack Black are nice to watch, but Skid Row's Sebastian Bach and the bassist from Rage Against the Machine are repulsive slobs and just undermine Rush's reputation.<br /><br />The extras in the second DVD are mainly divided into two groups. First up are episodes cut from the documentary, such as a discussion of the band's hobbies and some explanation of the rap episode on the ROLL THE BONES album. The second group consists of archival footage of full-length performances of songs, ranging from 1974 to 2002. The sound quality of these concert performances is not great, but it's fun to see the band's appearance and playing change from era to era.<br /><br />In spite of its few flaws, the amount of detail here surpasses most musical documentaries I've seen and is sure to entertain those who have followed Rush's career.he other hand, the documentary seems to go out of its way to portray fans as freaks you'd want to stay well away from. The band's following is mainly represented by participants of RushCon, a subculture that isn't representative of 99% of Rush fans. We get an interview with a nerdy fellow, then a rather, uh, flamboyant guy. (The Rushcon extras on the second DVD are just salt in the wound.) Some musical celebrities are brought on to show Rush has had a major influence on rock. Some, like Les Claypool and Jack Black are nice to watch, but Skid Row's Sebastian Bach and the bassist from Rage Against the Machine are repulsive slobs and just undermine Rush's reputation.    The extras in the second DVD are mainly divided into two groups. First up are episodes cut from the documentary, such as a discussion of the band's hobbies and some explanation of the rap episode on the ROLL THE BONES album. The second group consists of archival footage of full-length performances of songs, ranging from 1974 to 2002. The sound quality of these concert performances is not great, but it's fun to see the band's appearance and playing change from era to era.    In spite of its few flaws, the amount of detail here surpasses most musical documentaries I've seen and is sure to entertain those who have followed Rush's career.
0393327345|5.0|Sick, twisted, dark, disturbing, funny, powerful.  A unique experience for sure.  One of those books that alter, for a time anyway, your sense of things.  Endlessly clever and incisive.  I wonder to what extent Buddhism/eastern religions influenced Chuck's ideas in FC, as much of the ideas about life and death seem to echo these influences. Lots of great, dark humor - the kind of stuff that makes you laugh nervously.  Not always a fun read, so prepare to be unsettled.    I rarely read 2 books by the same author, since there are so many great authors I want to explore, but I feel compelled to go read Survivor or Choke next.
B0015DROBO|5.0|i always loved pippi longstocking as a kid and now as an adult i love her cooler older version. an amazing book that will have you scrambling for the in the series, the girl with the dragon tattoo will be on the top seller list for a long time.
B000002MVT|5.0|Love this CD !! Really great music for a good party or just kicking back by yourself. Should be on everybodys \\"to buy list\\". Trust me!!!
B002BWP4A6|5.0|In spite of having a style that distances the viewer from his material, and his refusal to provide any answers to the questions his films raise, Michael Haneke is a deeply serious artist on the level of Bergman and Tarkovsky, one who mourns man's inhumanity to man with a compassion for the human condition. And THE WHITE RIBBON is Haneke's masterpiece.<br /><br />With its atmospheric black and white photography conveying a bleached austerity reminiscent of the great Danish filmmaker, Carl Dreyer, THE WHITE RIBBON is set in a fictitious small town in Northern Germany in 1913 and relates mysterious brutal incidents involving its inhabitants up until the outbreak of World War I.  In this film, called by one critic, \\"THE VILLAGE OF THE DAMNED as directed by Ingmar Bergman,\\" Haneke portrays an authoritarian society where children are subjected to rigid rules and harsh punishments, and adults display different types of paternal power patterns. It is told somewhat like a fairy tale peopled by village icons: the farmer, the pastor, the schoolteacher, the doctor, the baron, etc. and their families -- and we sense the beginnings of fascism in Germany that will lead to the takeover by the Nazis.<br /><br />The white ribbon of the title refers to what children are forced to wear around their upper arms as a punishment, something we can see becoming red armbands displaying swastikas twenty years later. And rather than forcing pretentious symbolism, Haneke employs concrete human emotional conflict that disturbs and moves the viewers in a way of which only the greatest art is capable.<br /><br />THE WHITE RIBBON is a film for discerning viewers, one that demands several viewings. It is an amazing magisterial work by a great filmmaker at the peak of his powers.
B002VZC9CY|5.0|This is Natalie's best work in my opinion. It arrived in time,at a great price and in perfect condition. I would buy from this seller again. Thanks! O.W. Reno
030726999X|3.0|I agree that the 3rd book is somewhat of a disappointment.  I think there are just too many side plots going on.  I didn't find it an easy read.  The sections involving the constitutionality of the actions of the government players was too drawn out, boring and unnecessary.  The story just wasn't tightly written.  A lot of the tedious explanations and character development was filler, it seemed to me.
B00159UUZA|5.0|I typically only like to buy children's books that I can read 1000 times and still enjoy, because that's how many times my kiddos are going to make me read it! The age group for this is probably about 3-7. This is an adorable story as are all the books in this series (If you give a Cat a Cupcake, Moose a Muffin, Mouse to School, etc.) Each is a silly adventure with great examples on how train of thought moves (after drinking milk the mouse wants to check in the mirror to see if he has a milk mustache and then notices he needs a hair cut). All of the crazy run around tangents lead him right back at the beginning, with him asking for a cookie once again. The art is whimsical, detailed, with wonderful expressions and some of the books contain large environment pages with which to play find it games in them (Moose a Muffin and Cat a Cupcake are great ones for preschoolers). The effect is hilarious for both you and your kids making it an entertaining read whether it's the 1st or 100th time you read it together.
0307474712|4.0|I enjoyed this book.  When I started reading it I found that it took me a little bit of time to get in to it and connect with the characters.  Once I got in to it I could not wait to get to the parts when they saw each other again.  This was a pretty easy read and I would recommend it.
1441866868|5.0|(NOTE: This is for the audio book version of The Windup Girl.)    Paolo Bacigalupi's The Windup Girl has gotten heaps of praise in the science fiction community for being a heady, original, thoughtful and dense work unlike anything we've seen before.    And they're right. Combining the so-called \\"New Weird\\" with elements of dystopia, steampunk, and more, The Windup Girl imagines a future Thailand where calories are currency, the world's oceans threaten to consume entire cities, and genetic mutation runs rampant. Enter the titular character, an artificial girl shunned by society.    Those are the elements of the premise, but it barely scratches the surface of this dense, bobbing and weaving story featuring dozens of characters, sudden shifts in viewpoint and narrative leaps, and heady, thoughtful introspection.    This isn't a story you take in idly. It requires your focus, attention, and commitment. For many readers it will be too much; for others, they'll delight in lingering in this strange world.    When it comes to the audio version, Jonathan Davis helps bring life to the heavy prose. His reading is clear and lively, never ponderous, and varies in approach depending on the viewpoint character. This is an unabridged version, so you have a LOT of listening ahead of you. Be forewarned, each disc is 99 tracks long, making importing them to your iPod a potentially tedious task.    Though I enjoyed the reading (I've listened to other David readings, notably his work on the audio version of [[ASIN:0060083824 Don't Know Much About History: Everything You Need to Know About American History but Never Learned (Don't Know Much About...)]] ), I feel like The Windup Girl is better experienced in text, where you can luxuriate in the prose and make your way through a complex world at your own pace.    That said, if audio is your preferred way to go, you won't be disappointed with this.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|This has to be 'your kind of movie' to appreciate it. My husband watched it with me and he was luke warm over it (at best). But I loved it. Emily Blunt did a fantastic acting job and the story line was very interesting. There wasn't a lot of action in the movie and you had to pay attention because there was a real story of English history behind it. For me it was wonderful.
0385737947|4.0|James Dashner's The Maze Runner paints a vivid picture of a bleak future in which young boys must survive on their own in a massive maze -- but of course, there is hope for something more.    Despite the interesting premise, The Maze Runner is driven largely by brisk action, ongoing mystery, and rapid-fire plot twists, making it a fun way to deal with larger themes without those themes being shoved down our throats. Imagine it as Lost for tweens, filtered through dreary science fiction, Lord of the Flies, George Orwell, and pulp adventure novels.    Dashner \\"cheats\\" here and there, giving the reader only partial information and teasing them along with promises of finding out more. This is very similar to recent hit City of Ember or, again, television's Lost. But it largely works thanks to the frantic action.    Fun, enjoyable, and based on a good premise without ever being heavy, heady or preachy, for younger readers The Maze Runner is a great entry into the dystopian genre
0765348276|4.0|Very interesting read.  Enough so that I sought out and read the sequels.  The universe created by the author held your attention and made logical sense.  The characters are well developed and people about whom the reader will care.  Well worth your time if you like science fiction of a military bent.
B002VPE1X4|4.0|AmazonBasics Camera Case for Digital Cameras (black) is a nice, lightweight and compact bag for your favorite digital camera.  It's perfect for when you're on the go and if you want a quick way to pull out your camera a take a few snaps.  There's a also a velco clip that you can use to strap to your belt strap for an even more faster access.  I really enjoyed using this camera case.  I know you will too so pick one up today.
B003ME15CS|5.0|I have to say, Rihanna remixes are some of my favorite ones. She has amazing music and it can be changed, sped up, slowed down, put to a different beat, and still sound unbelievable.<br /><br />All the songs sound amazing! Faster with more energy!?!? ...This is how her album should have been made in the first place!! (I have both versions but tend to listen to this a lot more ;)<br /><br />The length of songs are also decent. It's not a bunch of short 3 minute radio edits which I appreciate. Time was put into making these and it is definitely worth it to purchase this album as well. It won't disappoint remix-loving Rihanna fans :)<br /><br />*I was however, a little sad that \\"Te Amo\\" wasn't on here, I think they could have done some cool stuff to that song.<br /><br />*Stand outs: Russian Roulette, Rude Boy, Hard, and Fire Bomb* (&lt;-- my favvv), make the album so worth it!<br /><br />Enjoy!
0399156577|2.0|Which for a Nora Robert's book is highly unusual.  I agree with the other critical reviewers.  I actually had to stop and pop into my local library for Tribute and reread that in the middle of The Search to remind myself why I love Nora Roberts.  There was w-a-y too much dog training information and Simon was a unappealing character.  Who would want to spend the day with him much less become romantically involved?  If only she had cut back a bit on the dog training information and added more details on how and why Simon made furniture.  Also there was almost no suspense.  It made me long for the next Eve Dallas book.  I'm not a dog person but the most interesting and likeable character in the book was Jaws.
B0009FU0ZQ|5.0|Tom Selleck is excellent as Jesse Stone.  This is a thoughtful, well written and well-acted movie. I have enjoyed the entire series but this movie stands out.
0743289692|5.0|Many memoirs are published every year by people who are famous and powerful and who can drop many names of other famous and powerful people; these books often wind up on the remainder bin of history.<br /><br />This memoir is different. It is written with passion and clarity by a relatively young woman who began life far from the centers of power in the industrialized world. The events of her life touch on the defining moments and thorny issues of our time: refugees and their burgeoning numbers, radical Islam:its roots and attractions for young people, 9/11 emotions and aftermath and the continuing temptation for the West to lose the struggle it now faces by engaging in self-censorship.<br /><br />Ayann Hirsi Ali writes of growing up caught between the tribal traditions of her family and the urban environments in her family found itself. She tells of fervently embracing radical Islam and then being torn by doubt. Her journey to spiritual awareness starts with the stories she finds in Western romance novels: the mere notion of a woman choosing who to marry is revolutionary in her milieu. Fleeing an arranged marriage, she becomes a refugee in Holland. Her drive to become independent and earn her own living leads to work as a translator--which brings her into contact with stories of other refugees. She becomes politically aware.<br /><br />She wants to study political science; she enters Dutch politics and is elected to parliament. With Theo van Gogh, she makes a short film protesting the traditional subjugation of women in Muslim countries. Theo van Gogh was murdered by a Muslim extremist and Ayaan is forced into hiding. Political events and compromises mean that a close colleague of Aayan's decides to revoke her Dutch citizenship so Ayaan Hirsi Ali now starts over in America.<br /><br />She brings with her a trumpet call and a reminder that no struggle can be won by being less than what we are at our best. This is riveting reading. It sets events in Somalia, in Saudi Arabia, in Africa right on our doorstep in the form of a passionate and compelling narrative. By learning how this struggle played out in the mind of one young African woman, one understands the larger issues with more clarity. The most potent moral I take away from her work is that the individual liberties that are the basis of American thought still resonate. They are what make us the target of extremists and they are also our most potent weapon against them.doorstep in the form of a passionate and compelling narrative. By learning how this struggle played out in the mind of one young African woman, one understands the larger issues with more clarity. The most potent moral I take away from her work is that the individual liberties that are the basis of American thought still resonate. They are what make us the target of extremists and they are also our most potent weapon against them.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|What an EXCELLENT film!  I named my first Akita \\"Hachiko\\" based on the legend.  After seeing the movie, there were so many similarities that I wasn't even aware of between my Hachiko and the Legend.  This film was lovingly made, to show the true spirit of the bond between man and animal.  Truly a touching story!
B00009XITP|5.0|Bought this DVD for my wife and she loves it! The product came in great condition and quality, she was very happy with it!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|start a grass root movement to bring the bad practices to a stop. show this movie to any church group and club that you can.
B001AJVR5M|1.0|this album is garbage from begining to the very end the jonas brothers are destroying todays society with their music all i know about the jonas brothers is that they got fired from a real record label hollywood put them on the map for no reason because the jonas brothers truly are fakes frauds and of couse hacks lets hope they will be lost and forgotten in the next 300 years
1400064287|5.0|Just finished reading this book. One suggestion - Audio Books sticks better than hardcover books. Part of the reason why I choose audio-books is that I find very little time to read at home.     The book contains good anecdotes which simply sticks. It contains practical tips, advice and explanation regarding how to make your idea stick.     Must read/listen.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|I was listening to this album pretty heavy last year. Definitely was an improvement over the last few albums. Then I got a taste of Megadeth's \\"Endgame\\", and now I realize how average this album is. Metallica has gone commercial, and therefore has lost their reign. You wanna hear a mind blowing thrash album with great lyrics, get a copy of Endgame.................nuff said.
B002ZG97RY|4.0|Set in the recent past, Matt Damon stars as Chief Warrant Officer Roy Miller who, assigned to follow intelligence he's been given, travels across war-torn Iraq in search of Weapons of Mass Destruction only to be caught in a vice of deception and ambition.  Hand-held camera work gives this action drama an urgency that conveys a sense of verisimilitude, especially in the well-staged combat and action sequences.  The film was not a hit in theaters, and some who saw it felt it was anti-American, but this is a very American story of honesty and truth prevailing against the powers-that-be.  This is a solid action thriller.  Paul Greengrass directed. Brian Helgeland adapted the screenplay based on the book by Rajiv Chandrasekaran.
B001GCUNW6|4.0|I am not a movie reviewer, however, that said, I enjoyed this little Disney romp immensely, mainly because I think I'm a kid at heart.Blu Ray doesn't hurt, either. I'm too old for 3D...it would be more like 2 1/2D. I have always liked Raymond Ramano, so naturally, I enjoyed the movie due in large part to his characterization of the male mammoth. Queen Latifa was delightful also, but they both paled next to the portrayal of Sid, their friend. I would recommend this movie to just about anyone who enjoys fun stories.
B002ZG997M|5.0|Denzel Washington is Eli.  He wanders a post-apocalyptic America with the last copy of a book that has the power to revive a society, a culture and a people for good or, if it falls into the wrong hands, for evil.  Eli wanders ever westward on a quest guided by dreams and visions.  It's a mission he does not fully understand but he knows it requires use of deadly force when necessary and Eli is superbly skilled at exercising his swift, lethal skills.  Here's a remarkable film with a strong, stark, visual style.  So much better than the empty, pretentious and similarly set The Road.  Gary Oldman is the despot who seeks the book for power.  Mila Kunis is a naïve waif who discovers something greater. Fine direction from the Hughes Brothers and Washington is memorable as Eli - a righteous warrior who \\"walks by faith, not sight.\\"
1423113381|5.0|This was a great adventure story. It reminded me a bit of the 39 Clues series in that there are two main characters who are brother and sister. In this case, Carter is two years older than his sister Sadie. A unique feature is that while both children have an African-American father and a white mother, the children don't look like brother and sister. Carter takes after their father and Sadie their mother. They also don't really know each other very well when the adventure begins. They haven't lived together since their mother died six years ago.<br /><br />They get sucked into an adventure when their father does magic at the British Museum and disappears but not before unleashing ancient Egyptian gods and putting the children in the sights of the House of Life (a band of magicians). Carter and Sadie learn about the ancient Egyptian gods as they try to get their father back, elude the magicians from the House of Light, and defeat Set who wants to rule the Earth. This is where the book reminds me of the Percy Jackson series but with Egyptian gods rather than Greek gods.<br /><br />Both Carter and Sadie have magical abilities that they didn't know about. The also find that they are hosts for Egyptian gods. In personality, Sadie is the louder and more reckless child. Carter has a lot of knowledge about ancient Egypt and is more cautious. His main skill is being a warrior while Sadie is a better magician.<br /><br />I thought that there were a number of interesting side characters including an intelligent baboon and a god who had been posing as Sadie's cat. Bast, the cat, has been charged by Sadie's father with protecting her. I liked that even when she was in human form she was still very much like a cat. The children also meet their Uncle Amos who is determined to protect them from the magicians of the House of Light. Carter is befriended by Zia who is a young magician and Sadie makes friends with Anubis.<br /><br />The book was filled with adventure and lots of information about the Egyptian gods. I recommend it to middle graders and young adult readers who want adventure and magic in their books. I will be looking forward to more books in this series.I recommend it to middle graders and young adult readers who want adventure and magic in their books. I will be looking forward to more books in this series.
B00386OWUC|5.0|Michael Haneke's striking black and white film won the Palme d'Or at Cannes last year.  Disturbing and beautiful in its stark composition, the restrained drama takes place in a German village as World War I begins.<br /><br />The village seems safe enough under the stern authoritarian rule of the town's elders.  But when a doctor's horse falls victim to a cruel prank -- or is it something much worse? -- subtle changes are manifest in the village.  Suspicions generate fear and fear triggers severe actions that suggest a pathology that will eventually grow into a nation that embraces Hitler.  Here is a bold look at the seeds of familial rules, rituals and punishments that infect a community to blindly committing to great evil.<br /><br />Much is implied in this brilliant film that leaves a lot up to the viewer.  Most the action takes place off screen but the repercussions are in full view.  Allegorical certainly and rich in the metaphors of what we have come to know as European cinema, I think it compares favorably with Ingmar Bergman's best work. I was also reminded of VILLAGE OF THE DAMNED.<br /><br />This is an important film that works first and foremost as a kind of horror story.  The embedded implications of trying explain the nature and process of evil energize the often-understated scenes with an aura of impending doom.  The extraordinary cast of mostly unknowns, especially the children, is pitch perfect.  I can't imagine how they were chosen or the audition process.  Their amazing faces tell the story when words cannot.  The Austrian director is best known for FUNNY GAMES and CACHE.  This film experience will linger in the mind long after the final fade out.
B0018P4L8I|1.0|Nothing similar to a \\"language version\\" - over Italian language there is a monotonous voice of a Russian speaking person, same for all male or female characters. I suggeste everybody to abstain from purchase of this DVD.
B00005U11Z|5.0|Different Band Members and Differant Lead Singer but it was as good as or better than their Houston,Texas Concert.In my Opinion of the Premier Musical Performing Groups of last 40 years!!THIS IS MUST SEE for EVERYONE THAT FOLLOWS JOURNEY!! AWESOME!!!
0812550706|3.0|It is really mind-boggling that this book is on the top of most Sci-Fi book lists. It is an okay book, but there is really nothing special. I think this is really a children's book (and not because of the style, see below). I realize that I have not read a sci-fi book in some years (the last one I read was Solaris), maybe I really should not venture into that genre anymore if this is the best it can offer :-)<br /><br />The language is succinct and clear, which I am okay with (the author detests the \\"unapproachability\\" of other writers' playing with words -- OK), and it is probably one of its strength. But the plot is thin and predictable, and the characters are very much single-minded and one-dimensional, like cardboard cutouts. As other reviewed have commented, the main character, Ender, thinks and acts not like a 6-year old kid at all, genius or otherwise. The author went great length in the Introduction to justify this, but still, at the end of the day, some kids are smart and mature, sure; but they are still kids. Those kids in the book are mini-adults, some even more sophisticated than that. There are supposed to be two \\"twists\\" at the end, but as you read, you pretty much see them coming.<br /><br />The \\"battle room\\" part is presumably the author's proudest creation. But is it really relevant? The description of the battle games occupies a very large part of the book, yet, when our heroes eventually fight the \\"buggers\\", there is no short-range, face-to-face combats at all. The decisive battle was won in some \\"space invader\\" kind of arcade games, and it took merely a couple of pages to narrate it. Sure, you can justify that by saying that the battle games are also used to let the commanders and soldiers to learn the tactics, but the irrelevancy of the actual skills acquired still stands.<br /><br />One highlight of the book is that the author anticipated the advent of the internet (he calls them \\"the nets\\"). I give it 3 stars and I am really being generous.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|I can't get enough of this show! So gonna buy it! Hope they have a second season! :)
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|i love this movie. it's about a guy that goes undiagnosed with schizophrenia for years. it's more of a love story than anything.. thought provoking and emotionally raw at same time. definitely a tear jerker.
B003BOUKRU|1.0|I can not think of this article that I never got my purchase and I am totally disappointed with AMAZON!
0670034711|2.0|It has never taken me 2 months to read a book before.  I never thought I would ever get through this book, but I was determined to finish.  I liked Italy and parts of Indonesia.  I think anyone can write a book on their life.  Everyone has fallen on hard times.  We just do not write books about it.  Maybe we should.  I didn't feel sorry for her at all.  I found her annoying and self-absorbed.  She ran away for a year, because she couldn't bare to face her life that she made a mess of.  I am glad I finished it, but I am not glad I read it.
B00006JIA4|5.0|I bought this for my wife as a surprise because I knew how much she loved  Queen! She can definitely get her rock on with her favorite band.  Great price for a great cd package for a great band.  I would definitely recommend this to everyone.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|I just love Lost.    We've got all the DVDs, but want to buy the complete blu-ray collection, eventually from amazon.org (USA).    Can someone tell me if the complete Lost blu-ray collection includes the french language?    I know french doesn't belong to the spoken languages in the item desprition, but it was the same with some bluerays I bought from amazon.com , allthough french was inclued...    Thanks a  lot for your help.
0783240236|4.0|This 1963 Alfred Hitchcock thriller has all the retro elements of the time - cigarettes, a beautiful blond with a sculptured hairdo and a tiny waistline and a male-female flirtation that has the male insulting the female which now makes him look attractive to her. It also has a scary premise - what if birds took over a town, terrifying people and leaving some of them dead?<br /><br />This is the first time I've seen this film and I must say that the special effects were as effective as some of the more sophisticated ones used today.  My eyes were focused on the screen, terrified at the carnage and wondering what would happen next.<br /><br />The plot is centered on a romance between the beautiful Tippi Hedron and the handsome Rod Taylor.  He spends his weekends with his mother, played by Jessica Tandy, and his younger sister in a small California town.  Hedron is enamored with him because he insults her in a bird shop and so she purchases a pair of lovebirds to ostensibly give to his younger sister, but really to pursue this man who is playing \\"hard-to-get\\".  When she gets to the town she meets an old girlfriend of his played by Suzanne Pleshette and they soon become friends.  By then we know that bad things are happening.  Birds are attacking humans.  The attacks get more and more intense.  People die.  It is very frightening.  It is all visually stunning and a pleasure to watch.<br /><br />However, in spite of all this, the ending left me with unanswered questions and I yearned for closure.  Why did this happen?  What is the prognosis for the future?  What kind of a statement is the film making?  Perhaps it is about how terrible it is to put birds in cages, but that was not really clear.<br /><br />Yes.  I really did enjoy the film.  There's suspense, strong story line and memorable characters to keep me interested and at the edge of my seat.  I just wish there was a more satisfactory conclusion.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|BBC does not disappoint!  Absolutely beautiful.  My only complaint is that the music gets a little cutesy at times.  I felt like the Planet Earth videos did a nice job of using a neutral soundtrack, but Life's music bed was slightly distracting at times.    All in all, it's just as visually mind-blowing as Planet Earth was, and I highly recommend this.    For those of you who care - definitely make sure you pick up the BBC version (narrated by Sir David Attenborough).  Otherwise, you're going to be very disappointed by the US version that's narrated by Oprah.  (yes, Oprah)    The best improvement here over the Planet Earth blu-ray set is that the little \\"making-of\\" vignettes are included at the end of each episode.  I was extremely disappointed that these were not included with Planet Earth on blu-ray, so I was very pleased to see that they are included with the Life discs.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|I loved the video for \\"This Is It\\" and had to own the soundtrack as well.  I have listened to it again and again.  It is great music for motivation, working out, cycling, dancing!  MJ was a genius, and his early demise is all of our loss.
B0001I561E|5.0|THe DVD arrived much faster than expected and my daughter was thrilled with the DVD. The item was exactly as described and would definitely purchase from this seller again. Thank you!
B003HO5ULA|5.0|Neil van Niekirk's book is an excellent read for many reasons.    If you are a beginner, there is no better place to start to understand the interrelationship between aperture and shutter speed in order to produce very pleasing on-camera flash.  For those who understand the basic principles of zone photography, Neil's book fleshes out the importance of placing the most relevant tone in the photograph in the correct zone, in an appropriate position on the histogram.  As well, once finished with the book, and using Neil van Niekirk's methods of metering and flash exposure, the quality of the images made with on-camera bounce flash is nothing short of remarkable.  It certainly frees one up from carting around gear and in this regard, the techniques used in the book are very liberating.  The book is not at all gear oriented, and the principles therein will apply to any camera/flash DSLR.  I have already tried out his suggestions and they work a treat.  This is a very good book for enthusiasts to buy to learn professional on-camera flash techniques, or a book to buy as a professional if you want to make consistent flash exposures with the minimum of gear to cart around on location portraiture and weddings.  Neil van Niekirk is very generous with his knowledge, and the book contains absolutely no padding; just solid detailed information about the techniques of producing saleable professional images.  I am currently waiting on his forthcoming book on off-camera flash photography!!
B003KNDMXG|5.0|God bless you all for your support. We hope this album moves each and every one of your hearts.
B001CTDH76|5.0|The Mentalist is the best Drama on TV due to the people in it and the humor that is ever so slight.  Normally I never watch shows like this but I really love this show!
B003CFBQBW|5.0|At first, I wasn't sure what type of songs were going to be featured since it's collaborative to the novel, but the songs listed are really good. The Twilight soundtrack had a rocker vibe, while the New Moon Soundtrack had a more [I hate to say it] emo feel to it, but in a shockingly good way. Eclipse is definitely more indie, which is more my sound. I personal favorites are the first 4 songs. I could listen to it on repeat.
B000007ODX|5.0|Daniel Barenboim never dissapoints his audience. Having seen Barenboim live is a great musical experience. Although he is one of the finest Beethoven interpreters rivaling Schnabel, his Chopin interpretations are among the finest.    Barenboims musical pallette is always fresh, displaying deep feeling and emotion. I believe his playing to be different than Horowitz but equally exciting. Another concert pianist that is passionate and uses a beautiful musical pallette is a relatively new artist by the name of Roy Imperio. I believe his interpretation of Chopin's Scherzo # 1 is one of the finest sounding recordings I have ever heard.    Amazon carries his album[[ASIN:B003PIUDEC Chopin Life of Passion Bicentennial Celebration]a real treat for the serious Chopin afficionado.
0143038419|5.0|From beginning to end, I felt like I was there with Gilbert's journey. Starting with the marriage that ended terribly to the relationship that did even more damage than good. To Italy with it's luscious food and diverse accounts of people. India and discovering the depths of one's spirituality and emotional balance. Where it ends in Indonesia, also known as paradise to some folks. The culture, the people, and ultimately one's happiness with themselves is what made the book so great.
0634022296|4.0|The book is very good, however there's something could be better. It doesn't have the Beatles's covers in it, like Please Mr.Postman and Twist and Shout.
B00129JSMY|4.0|This movie is very quick,clever, and darkly funny. It has a satiric hollywood insider view of people making films and of private detectives. It features Robert Downey Jr. playing a petty smartalec thief who is mistaken for both an actor and a P.I.,helped by a real gumshoe(played gay by Val Kilmer),it's a hoot! To emphasis it's debt to film noir books and films, each chapter of the fiim has a title taken from titles of Raymond Chandler type novels. My used copy played and looked good.
B003JYOFIW|3.0|Let's be real here people.  I'm a serious DEVO fan but there is no way this thing gets 5 stars.  DEVO's first 3 albums are 5 star efforts.  How can this be equal to those masterpieces?  Maybe everyone is so excited about the new CD that their enthusiasm has clouded their judgment. I did not judge this CD in a void.  My judging criteria is based upon prior DEVO work and this criteria results in the rating.
B002RI9O9G|5.0|I really loved reading this book. It caught my attention by winning the Costa best book of 2009 award, and I have to say, rightfully so.<br />It begins a little slowly, with the young Irish girl's coming to America, but from the middle on, it gets all the more interesting. From that part, it's pretty difficult to put it down, as you are eager to find out how the story ends. I really liked the ending, did not see it coming.<br />All in all, it was an excellent read.
0307454541|5.0|I had read the last 2 of the series when I ordered the first book.  It was extremely well written and engrossing all the way through.  Mr. Larsson was a great wordsmith; and I am very saddened by his death and loss of his talent.
0679746323|4.0|What more can someone ask of in a book about a dictator whose past must be murky as sin? This book was well written, and full of information about the most horrific mass murderer in the 20th Century. He killed over 70 MILLION of his countrymen and deserves to be written of harshly. I found this book to be great in its sources and history. Make sure to get one for yourself and a good gift for anyone you know interested in recent history.
B00275EGWY|2.0|I waited some time for the hype around this to die down so as to be able to go into it with a completely clear mind, not that my analysis of a film is weighed down too heavily by reviews and comments of friends, but it just seemed the right path to take.    She's a versatile director to say the least; Near Dark, Strange Days, Point Break and now the multiple Academy Award winner the Hurt Locker.    Jeremy Renner plays some dude who is uber addicted to the rush of disarming bombs because he doesn't love anything in the normal mundane life of the people who don't want to waste their time trying to fix an unsolvable problem like the assbackwards folk in the middle east. He's not a particularly good leading man, he's fantastic in Dominik's 2007 the Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford, so perhaps he should stick to side characters, or he's still honing his skills for a superb breakout performance. His character treats each mission like a cheap whore after having gone sexless for about a month; there's that over excitement at the beginning, the actual event, and then the afterwards where he seems completely detached from everything that happened.    I won't go so far as to say that the film is apolitical, but as far as war movies go this is probably the closest a fictionalized account of events has gotten to *ahem* fair and balanced.    There are some genuinely interesting moments, and some genuinely stupid ones; the good would be the first few bomb missions, the moments that made me roll my eyes was the shower scene, (really? one of those? \\"oh no, I need to cleanse myself of the horror, weehhh.\\"), the specialist, while playing Gears of WAR (get it?) going on his little pissfit about \\"now he's dead, now he's alive.\\" and the absolute worst moment of the film: the last few minutes.    All I could think to myself at that point was: \\"here we had an okay film nearly ruined by an ending that makes it seem like the directorial reigns were handed over to Michael Bay.\\"
B003HLM2QO|5.0|There is a rule of thumb: all [OZZY] albums must be played at least 3 times before judging!    Don't read the negative reviews - it's not worth your time. Just get the album and the 4th time you listen to it - you will understand what I was talking about. OZZY rocks!    People complaining about sound quality - buy yourselves a pair of nice cans or real floor standing speakers, not the desktop cr@p.    Those who say OZZY has no memorable songs - just go back to listening the \\"GA-GA\\" radio stations.    Those who want to see Zakk back: he's got his own project and ambitions, let him do what HE wants, not what others want him to do.    Long live OZZY!
B003LAH7MU|2.0|UPDATE: For what it's worth, I've had a very friendly and interesting conversation with the project's arranger via his review post on Amazon. If you're interested, you can see our exchange at this link (copy and paste):    http://www.amazon.com/review/R2HD97MAQRJQ07/ref=cm_cr_rev_detmd_pl?ie=UTF8&cdMsgNo=2&cdPage=1&asin=B003LAH7MU&store=music&cdSort=oldest&cdMsgID=Mx1NQMHAE84OF9P#Mx1NQMHAE84OF9P     ---------------    Since 2004's \\"Sacred Love\\", Sting seems to have hit a creative dry spell, alternating between touring his back catalog (first with his Broken Music tour then the Police reunion) and the cover album route (although to his credit, his selections and instrumentation have been anything but traditional). Now the two paths intersect with Symphonicities, a collection of Sting's music rearranged for and performed with an orchestra.    Does it work? Not entirely.    \\"Next To You\\"  The album \\"explodes\\" out of the gate with strings sawing away at the chords and an arrangement that parallels the original song. I say \\"explode\\" in quotes because I found the effect to be a bit baffling. The thin-sounding auxiliary percussion is no substitute for the pounding drums of the original, and ends up emphasizing  what's missing as opposed to opening your ears to a new aspect of the song. It ends up sounding like a parody, almost like the cheap \\"Vitamin String Quartet tribute\\" CDs that were knocked out a few years ago. The intent may have been to have some fun (\\"Look! The Royal Philharmonic is doing something CRAZY!\\"), but it seems more self-congratulatory than anything. In any case, given the generally slower mood of the album, this is a strange way to get the listener's attention before immediately slowing down the pace. It sounds completely ridiculous, and is an arrangement that sheds no new light on the song. I'm glad they had fun doing it (and there's no denying the technical skill involved), but as a listener, I can't imagine ever wanting to intentionally put this on. Fortunately, it's brief.    \\"Englishman In New York\\"  This song lends itself very well to orchestral arrangement, because there wasn't much to do in terms of building upon it. Swap out the keyboards and bring in some plucked strings, replace Branford Marsalis with a clarinet, and there you have it. There are some very lovely variations and fills from the pizzicato strings as Sting moves through the verses, but otherwise it's a gently enhanced variation on the original. It has a charming movie soundtrack quality and is pleasant enough to listen to. This song has a fixed ending (no fadeouts here!).    \\"Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic\\"  Radically rearranged for orchestra, to the point where it sounds like an excerpt from a musical. The harp and strings that lead the build during the verses are gradually augmented by brass, giving a sense of joy to the proceedings. It's a thoughtful and competent arrangement, the vocals are fine, but it does nothing for me. It's fine as a novelty (perhaps even as a souvenir of the concert, but like Next To You, I can't imagine wanting to deliberately listen to this. The original version is great, the Strontium 90 [[ASIN:B000001YOP Police Academy]] version is charming, but I can't personally see the point of this version. It's like a pops concert - perhaps entertaining to observe an orchestra \\"lighten up\\" for an evening, but not something you'd necessarily want to hear repeatedly. I normally don't like dismissing something as \\"elevator music\\", but this is something you'd hear in a waiting room (or in my case, over a plane's PA system while boarding).    \\"I Hung My Head\\"  This has a beautiful orchestra intro that runs through a series of descending variations on the original's introductory guitar line, suggesting the gradual dawning of a new day. A wistful harmonica solo emerges to dance around the original's Memphis Horns line, and the stage is set to retell this sad story in a truly cinematic fashion. This song is where I realize this album's strengths (and weaknesses). The arrangements are more interesting and engaging when tackling lesser-played material. The \\"hits\\" have been re-imagined countless times, but song choices like this stand out because they don't generally get radio airplay or make the live setlist. Interesting to hear an electric guitar in one channel and an acoustic guitar (playing the same part) in the other channel.    \\"You Will Be My Ain True Love\\"  A bold and dark brass statement of the main melody quickly settles into a dark, solemn, and sparse arrangement. This version is all about the vocals, and with good reason. The harmonies are gorgeous and captivating. Again, this is a song that the average listener doesn't get to hear, and it's truly rewarding. This more than makes up for the nonsense that opened this album.  Two solid tracks in a row - perhaps this project is not as pointless as I'd originally thought...?    \\"Roxanne\\"  Oh, wait. Her again. This song has been \\"reimagined\\" countless times, making it difficult to find something interesting about it. \\"Roxanne\\" backed by a wash of strings, Verse, chorus, verse, chorus, no \\"extended jam\\" (heh). Over and Out. I don't mean to sound cynical, and can see the possible appeal for the average listener, but even then, it veers close to self-parody.    \\"When We Dance\\"  Like \\"Englishman\\", this is simply the original arrangement with the orchestra fleshing out the instrumentation. Simple, tasteful, pleasant, completely disposable.    \\"The End of the Game\\"  Now we're back in business. This beautiful and epic song from the Brand New Day album was inexplicably relegated to b-side obscurity.  It got a brief outing during the Broken Music tour, but here it's finally free to be discovered by the general public. This is another \\"gently enhanced\\" version from the original and elevated even further by Jo Lawry's supporting vocals. Nothing revolutionary in terms of its new arrangement, but the song itself is strong and a highlight of Sting's catalog. It's a treat to (re)discover, and is essential listening here.    \\"I Burn For You\\"  This is a rare Police song that I'd first heard on Sting's Bring On The Night album (as I suspect was the case for many people). Sting has promised (and failed) to return it to his setlist for years, but it's finally reborn at last in all of its dark and dangerous beauty. Waves of strings continually wash over the familiar brooding keyboard loop melody, drenching the song in mood and atmosphere. The haunting vocal refrain is taken at the end...only to be brought to a fade!!! What the?!? It's incredibly disappointing to have something so promising end before it has time to breathe (especially -from the fan perspective- after waiting so long to hear it again). It was going so well, too. What a botched opportunity.    \\"We Work The Black Seam\\"  This opens with a bold brass and percussion statement of the chorus and repeating melodic line, and is almost driven entirely by this instrumentation. I like this song, but found the arrangement (especially at 7 minutes) to grow monotonous quickly. Why sit through this?    \\"She's Too Good For Me\\"  Suddenly the orchestra wakes up and performs a frenetic take on this classic jam from Ten Summoner's Tales. Like Next To You, it sounds completely ridiculous and wildly out of place in terms of track sequence (maybe even the overall collection). I barely got through this track and was left asking one question:  Why?    \\"The Pirate's Bride\\"  I personally found the Mercury Falling album and b-sides to be Sting at his most creative musically and lyrically. For some unfathomable reason, this sad beautiful song did not make the final cut, and like \\"End of the Game\\", gets another chance to reach a greater audience. The great surprise is the theatrical presentation of the song. Jo Lawry takes on the \\"role\\" of the title character by singing the second verse on her own. The effect is startling, and you're pulled further into the story. Unfortunately,someone decided that it would be better to fade out on this song instead of drawing the arrangement to a close. The original might have faded out, but here it makes the whole thing seem like an afterthought and is an insult to an otherwise beautiful performance of a nice arrangement of a wonderful song. Frustrating.    If you are a completist, and absolutely HAVE to own this, then do yourself a favor and **wait**. This is a vanity project that will be in the bargain bins in no time. You should have no trouble picking up a cheap used copy right here on Amazon in a few months. Don't spend more on this wildly uneven set than you have to. It is absolutely not worth it. There is nothing here that you NEED to hear, certainly nothing that can't wait a few months.    If you're okay with the idea of purchasing individual digital tracks, then go for these and consider it a bonus EP:    \\"You Will Be My Ain True Love\\"  \\"End of the Game\\"  \\"I Burn For You\\"  \\"The Pirate's Bride\\"    You won't be missing anything by skipping out on the others. Check out live performances on YouTube and see(hear) for yourself.    To his credit, Sting has chosen an interesting song selection. This set could have easily included the usual suspects such as Fields of Gold, Every Breath You Take, even Message in a Bottle. To bring out surprises like The Pirate's Bride shows an effort to take advantage of the opportunity, even if tracks like Next To You come off as embarrassingly misguided attempts to be cute or clever.    I'm all for the reinterpretation of familiar songs and find the process rewarding and interesting (I loved the [[ASIN:B00005RIKD ...all this time]] concert CD).  However, there are only so many times you can go to the well before fatigue sets in. Perhaps Sting's album days are behind him? He toured the hits under \\"Broken Music\\", then again with the Police, a few one-off shows, and now this project. Who knows if he has another album's worth of original material? Symphonicities is a confusing listen, and is hardly essential. I truly hate to say this as a fan, but don't waste your money by spending full price on this. As much as I've enjoy these songs over the years, there's too much other new and exciting original music from other artists to discover instead of continually treading water in the past.
B003ODL004|3.0|I have to say up front that the amazing music used in the trailer for \\"Inception\\" really raised my expectations for this score. Sadly, that great 2-minute track (\\"Mind Heist\\" by Zack Hemsey) is head and shoulders above the score that Hans Zimmer composed for the movie.    I did end up enjoying pieces of the \\"Inception\\" score though. I wasn't sure what to expect, whether it would hew closer to \\"The Dark Knight\\" or to \\"Sherlock Holmes\\", or if it would branch out into new territory for Zimmer. And after having listened through the whole thing 4 times now, I can say that it's a little of all the above. It's very much an atmospheric score, with very little thematic development. But it also has a few exquisite moments that really stand out. Unfortunately, these moments are confined by some rather tedious, unimaginative writing on Zimmer's part. For a film that takes place in the unlimited world of dreams, Zimmer seems to have gone the opposite route, preferring subdued atmosphere over melodic grandeur.     Having said that, there are some very good tracks. \\"Dream Is Collapsing\\" is an exciting, aggressive motif that feels like a build-up to something huge. It is referenced again in \\"528491\\" (which sounds very similar to the thunderous drone from the film's trailers), \\"Dream Within A Dream\\" and \\"Waiting For A Train\\". The opening track \\"Half-Remembered Dream\\" hints at a simple, sad piano motif that finally gets to shine in the closing track, \\"Time\\". In fact, \\"Time\\" might become one of Zimmer's defining moments in film scoring. The way it ends is so sad and sudden, and also brings it full circle to \\"Half-Remembered Dream\\". Excellent.    There are a few things I have problems with on this CD though; the first being that it seemed rather short for a Hans Zimmer album, clocking in at less than 50 minutes. Considering that the movie is a 2 & 1/2 hour film with several big action set-pieces, there is very little exciting \\"action music\\" to be found. \\"Mombasa\\" starts out very cool and exciting, but eventually grows tiring as it doesn't really evolve or grow beyond it's basic repetitive rhythm. It could've definitely used a driving thematic motif as counterpoint, a la the action scenes in the \\"Batman\\" films.     This brings me to another nitpick. For such a short album, much of it is crammed with rather meandering, repetitive tracks. The biggest offender is the 9 minute+ \\"Waiting For A Train\\". Upon seeing that it was going to be a long track near the end of the album, I fully expected an exciting, epic climactic piece of action music. Instead, it's nearly 7 minutes of bland trance/New Age-type droning, with an jarring, out-of-place musical quote from an Edith Piaf song, before a somewhat anti-climactic return of the aggressive motif from \\"Dream Is Collapsing\\". I can definitely say I was disappointed in that track.     My other gripe is how the 12 tracks on the album are really just 7 tracks, since several of the tracks are long suites that have been split up. The first 4 tracks (\\"Half-Remembered Dream\\", \\"We Built Our Own World\\", \\"Dream Is Collapsing\\", and \\"Radical Notion\\") comprise one epic suite; same goes for \\"Old Souls\\"/\\"528491\\" & \\"Dream Within A Dream\\"/\\"Waiting For A Train\\".  I get slightly annoyed when pieces of music are broken up like that on album; I'd rather it just be one long track.    To me the album feels strangely incomplete. In fact it's one of the few albums where I definitely felt like there are several big pieces not included on the album and that makes it somewhat disappointing. Anyway, I have heard that the score works wonders in the film, and hopefully one day we'll get a more complete release, as I'm sure Hans Zimmer composed more than 50 minutes of score for a 150 minute film. (I guess I'll have to wait till the film comes out to be sure about that, though.)     If you're a Hans Zimmer or Christopher Nolan fan, it's definitely worth picking up. There are some great moments in the score, and the finale track, \\"Time\\", is worth buying, but personally I was kind of hoping for something a bit more epic and exciting.
B0036EBARO|3.0|\\"Satire is a form of homage,\\" is what I told someone who commented on the video for the first track from Goldfrapp's latest album, Head First. \\"Rocket\\" is the story of a scorned woman set to mid-80s synths straight out of Van Halen's 1984. It's a fun beginning to an album reminiscent of Supernature in its glam party attitude, but living in the throwaway pop history of the mid-80s. Alison Goldfrapp and Will Gregory have created an album filled with fun -- but ultimately disposable -- songs that pay homage to a time when Thatcher was Prime Minister and the rich were living in open extravagance. Goldfrapp is a band known for change and doing it well, but they may have gone a little too far in paying homage to the music of the era this time around.    Must Hear: \\"I Wanna Life\\" where they nick \\"Too Much, Too Little, Too Late\\" and make it a rainbow happy dance anthem.
B002TZS5GU|3.0|Carriers follows a small group of youngsters as they tear through the American Southwest in search of refuge from a particularly virulent global pandemic. It eschews much in the way of an exploration of the condition that has decimated humanity, simply sketching out the scenario as background to the smaller scale human drama at its heart.  The four leads are all excellent--notably Chris Pine who plays Brian with much of the same bravado that he brought to the young Kirk in what was to be his next role--which is just as well given this is mostly a character piece.  As such it plays out its themes of compassion, euthanasia, responsibility and coming-of-age and explores just what kinds of actions and decisions it might take to survive in a post-apocalyptic society in which all the comforts and niceties of day-to-day life as we know it have gone to hell.  It's this approach to the drama and its unyielding execution that sets the movie apart from its otherwise familiar set-up of the road trip in flight from the end of the world, and as such makes it a worthwhile watch.<br /><br />--Adam Chamberlain<br />Revelation Magazine
B0001UL7RY|5.0|If there ever were an album that included all the feelings humanity ever had in a collection of songs, it would be \\"Under My Skin\\" by the divine Avril Lavigne. This beautiful pop star produces such incredible stories in her songs that one cannot help but sob hardly, letting a myriad of tears flow, as she sings of past hurt and betrayel. Why must Avril be without her happy ending, one must ask themselves throughout listening. Why must Avril be in a relationship that has grown ever so complicated? We may never know if her Sk8ter-boi wanted to take it to the next level too soon or just floudered off in something much less obvious.    As the album continues the listener is forced to answer a very deep and personal question, how many ear-gasms can I obtain by the vocal talent of this angel? How much beauty can my heart hold from this beautiful princesses orgasmic stories?    I want this album played at my funeral because it expresses everything that I hold dear and believe in. Avril Lavigne, I love you for your talent and your ability to make me break down in tears.    Buy it now, people. Buy it now.
030745455X|3.0|I accidentally read this one before reading the first one in the series, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.  I don't think it adversely affected my understanding of the characters or plot.  I just started Dragon Tattoo (about 100 pages in) and I don't find it as scintillating as Fire.  I enjoyed reading Fire.  I am a part-time working, part-time stay at home mom of a 2 year old.  I read during his naps and before bed.  These Larsson books are nice because they are broken into short sections about varying intersecting plot lines.  I wonder who the person from Newsweek is who wrote the review on the dust jacket - \\"a stay up all night-read.\\"  I don't think I could stay up all night to read a 712 page book even if I were 20 and had no kids, job, or life.  I am determined to read all 3 of these, and so far, they have simply been enjoyable and entertaining.  Not great literature, but great summer novels.
1423113381|2.0|Well...I did not like this nearly as much as I did the Percy Jackson series. Not even close. Much as I hate to rate this a two, I can't say I actually LIKED it at all. I just had a LOT of issues with it, unfortunately.      I did not love the back and forth between Carson and Sadie, the two main characters. They don't sound significantly different enough for me not to have CONSTANTLY gotten confused about who was currently telling the story. Sadie throws in an unconvincing British word or two now and then, and definitely more sarcasm, but other than that, it's pretty easy to get mixed up. And they were together practically the whole time, so I'm not sure why we needed two characters going back and forth to tell the same story, other than Riordan thought girls needed a female character to identify with or something? It didn't work for me at all. I didn't find either of them terribly interesting or likable until close to the end of the book.    Also, my gosh, this is long! And at times frustratingly so. There's just so much traveling and then fighting and then traveling and then fighting and then traveling and then fighting and then...you get the picture. It got old real fast. And there are just too many similarities between this book and the Percy Jackson series, which bothered me. I was hoping it wouldn't be pretty much the same story, only with Egyptian gods and goddesses instead of Greek, but nope, that's almost exactly what it is. Only much less enjoyable. In the end I really had to force myself to finish it.    I wanted to like this, I really did. But I think I'm going to hold out hope for the new Camp Half Blood series he's putting out instead and go ahead and ignore the rest of this one. It just really didn't do it for me.
B0039TD7RC|5.0|Not much can be added! The Stones are one of my favorites. You can't go wrong with this CD. Get the video, too.
0545123283|4.0|I was hooked on Linger before the prologue ended. I immediately needed to know what would become of Grace and couldn't put the book down until I found out. Linger continues in the same format was Shiver, with alternating character points of view for each chapter. Differing from the previous book was the addition of both Isabel and Cole's points of view. I loved the look into Isabel's thoughts but wasn't too sure of Cole needing his own point of view until later in the book. My concern was unfounded and Cole proved to be a wonderful addition.<br /><br />I loved the growing turbulence between Grace and her parents. It felt very real and even as a parent, I could see that Grace was on the right side of the argument. Further insight was provided into the werewolves changing due to temperature making things on the werewolf front come together and start making more sense. There was a lot more Rachel in Linger and I have to admit not being a fan of her. She's rather annoying. Isabel's dad makes an appearance that fully emphasizes his horrendousness.<br /><br />Almost everything that happens in Linger is unexpected. I could never get a hold on where the story was headed, making for an exciting ride. Grace's illness was scary for both the characters and those reading the book. Sam and Grace's romance was at the forefront of the book, once again showing Steifvater's wonderful talent for portraying emotions that deeply impact the reader. In my opinion, Linger was even better than Shiver.
044022425X|5.0|This book came a lot faster than I expected it to, was in excellent condition.
B002S9DRAG|5.0|I have been listening to the cd for the last three weeks at home, in my car, and wherever else I can.  It has grown on me because of Tharaud's great color and sense of lyricism.  His closing of the Fantasie-Impromptu is a great example of this aspect, as are the g minor ballad and the small posthumous nocturne.  Perhaps in the bigger pieces, he doesn't have the same \\"from above\\" aspect as Pollini, as in the third ballade, but it has been wonderful to hear a different perspective on these pieces and to hear such lyricism in the smaller ones.
0321647440|3.0|This book is fine to get a step by step overview for learning Apreture but is not layed out in the way that I learn to use software. It teaches key stroke commands and I prefer using my mouse for doing things. For some key strokes work best but not for me, I am a mouse clicker. I tend to learn new software by trial and error and like a book that is more of a  reference manual for that which I don't understand.     Based on my way of learning, If I was a software manual writer I would give a quick overview of software In one chapter then detail reference each major function under separate chapter titles. Just the way I learn from books. Not that this book might be fine for others.
B003LAH7MU|5.0|A symphony orchestra recording pop classics by Sting and the Police. Sounds like one of those records from the 1980s or 1990s, right? Like [[ASIN:B000002SLJ this one]]. Except this time it's the Bard of Newcastle himself doing the honors. Backed by chamber orchestras with about 45 players, Sting takes us through a collection of some of this greatest hits in orchestral format. He is backed on the various tracks by the New York Chamber Consort, the London Players, and the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra -- as well as many members of his usual rock band.<br /><br />This is a really enjoyable record. Some of the orchestral covers are surprisingly literal recreations of the original music. Even the Police's hard-rocking \\"Next to You\\", which kicks off the album (as it used to kick off many early Police concerts), follows the original's music very closely, transcribed into orchestral format. The result is, surprisingly, very successful. And \\"Englishman in New York\\" may be hard for the casual listener to distinguish from the original.<br /><br />But there are some big changes here too. \\"Roxanne\\" is de-reggaefied, and goes into more of a love ballad feel. The songs are often slower than the originals -- several times while listening to it, I recalled an earlier quote by Stewart Copeland: \\"Sting thought everything was too fast.\\"<br /><br />\\"We Work the Black Seam\\" is the one track that doesn't have full orchestral accompaniment, instead relying on a brass section alone to carry the familiar synthesizer riff of the original track. \\"She's Too Good For Me\\", like \\"Next to You\\" is a rocker where the string section gets a workout.<br /><br />A lesser-known Police track, \\"I Burn for You\\", has always been one of my favorites. It gets a nice dreamlike treatment here, with suitably funky but restrained percussion at the end -- the only problem being that the ending comes far too soon. On this track, and many others, the general approach has been to pay respect and make references to the originals, without being bound by them. The results are successful overall.<br /><br />Note that the music is not purely orchestral -- there are still electric and acoustic guitars, bass, and drums on many tracks, though not all.<br /><br />If you are interested in an MP3 version, look for the \\"Amazon Exclusive\\" version that has \\"Whenever I Say Your Name\\" as a bonus track plus a digital booklet in PDF format. This looks basically like it must be the CD booklet in digital form, with changes to reflect the bonus track. The album, like Sting's other forays into classical and faux classical music, has been released on the Deutsche Grammophon label.<br /><br />A very good album overall that deserves a listen. This one will be a regular on my stereo for a while. Highly recommended for Sting and Police fans.ng bound by them. The results are successful overall.    Note that the music is not purely orchestral -- there are still electric and acoustic guitars, bass, and drums on many tracks, though not all.     If you are interested in an MP3 version, look for the \\"Amazon Exclusive\\" version that has \\"Whenever I Say Your Name\\" as a bonus track plus a digital booklet in PDF format. This looks basically like it must be the CD booklet in digital form, with changes to reflect the bonus track. The album, like Sting's other forays into classical and faux classical music, has been released on the Deutsche Grammophon label.     A very good album overall that deserves a listen. This one will be a regular on my stereo for a while. Highly recommended for Sting and Police fans.
B002ZG997C|5.0|This is a very powerful movie that gives a representation of the power of God.  This movie shows an example of what the world would be like without the word of God in our lives.  It shows what life would be like with no law and with people pursuing unquenchable desires.  I believe that this movie is something that everyone should watch, in order to keep us on track.  People should live by God's word and not take for granted everything we have now.  There are some scenes in the movie that are disturbing with regards to violence.  However, in the world that is portrayed in the movie, Eli has to defend himself from these situations (understandably so).  Luke Chapter 22 verses 35-38 may give us insight into arming yourself for defense in this world.
B002ZG997C|4.0|Denzel Washington does a great job heading West on a post Apocalyptic road. He reads the Bible daily and although he may have to kill others to survive, he keeps his faith true. Gary Oldman is an unscrupulous man that desires the last King James Bible in Washington's possession no matter how he has to get it. He sends gang after gang to retrieve it to no avail. When he finally joins in the hunt he finally obtains it, but sometimes even a well read person can not read what's coming in the way of God's ironic retribution. My only objection to the movie is Washington kills a cat with the same lack of remorse that he dispatches the vultures of society. That scene did not improve the movie except for cat haters which I fully expect to give me negative votes. Basic extras and good quality picture and sound. If you enjoyed this catch [[ASIN:B0013FDM7E I Am Legend (Widescreen Single-Disc Edition)]]<br /><br />CA Luster
B000ETQR3Q|4.0|We could not put the toy together. I thought it was a bad part. We returned it at the local Target and they gave us a giftcard for Target. We went to another Target and they finally had it there (300 miles away-couldn't find it anywhere else near me). We had  a problem putting that together. My sister finally came and jammed it really hard and it popped into place. I was afraid to do it that hard because it felt like it would break. Fortunately it didn't. Now we are all happy. After my son went through some heartbreak becasue we had to return the first one. The part that was difficult to put in place was the handle to the smaller gun that attaches to the front of it. You'll know what I'm talking about if you try to put it together.
B0031SCV46|5.0|I am not a professional musician, but I know what I am doing when it comes to keyboards. This is a great MIDI controller and works perfectly with Ableton (both the included Lite version and full-on Live version). Knobs and sliders have a solid feel to them. Keys are quick and responsive. This is a meat and potatoes keyboard for those who know what they need and for the money, it can't be beat! Caveat: if you are a pianist, you may want a more expensive hammer-action keyboard or else you'll find this keyboard way too fast.
B003MX5P20|5.0|Love this CD !  Great collaborations.  Faves are Cuano Me Enamoro, No Me Digas Que No and Ayer.  Great music!
B002ZG977Y|2.0|It seems that the trend in Hollywood is along as you have special effects, an actual story is not necessary. Doing a remake is not bad if you can still retain the elements that made the original good. In this remake, the movie lacked a consistent story, the acting was not good, and the Kraken looked like the Godzilla 2000's cousin. Say what you want about the original, but for its time, it was a damn good movie; good effects, excellent story, and brilliant acting (Laurence Olivier and Maggie Smith were divine). Hopefully they will follow one thing from the original and not make a sequel. Please DO NOT release the Kraken again!
B000002KCC|5.0|The first listen to this rock-n-roll classic, \\"Tonight's The Night\\", my first reaction was, really, I didn't know what to think, I had previously read a few reviews here on Amazon - Neil was intoxicated, off key, the sound is off balance, distorted etc...now listening and observing, the listener starts to feel the pain and absorb the message Neil Young is trying to get across. The recording is in some ways identical to an old blues recording, not the music within itself, just an uneasy \\"real\\" feeling. Tonight's The Night is repeated twice on here, a good example of \\"real\\",...Bruce Berry the roadie, used to pick up my guitar and sing...in a shaky voice...he would sleep 'til afternoon... he died out on the mainline, of course Berry overdosed as so did Crazy Horse member David Whitten, Whitten is singing lead on \\"Come On Baby Let's Go Downtown\\". A memorial album you say?, it's more than that, the recording paints a vivid picture in the listeners mind, listen real close, take it for what it is, Young is reaching out on this one folks, so, before you condemn this album pay real close attention to this \\"rough and tumbled\\" masterpiece, it just gets better and better with every spin.
6305907145|1.0|I recently read Mansfield Park, and loved the story so I couldn't wait to get the movie home and watch my favorite characters come to life....what a disappointment.<br />  Fannie price is supposed to be a quiet, mild mannered, sweet tempered young lady, she had opinion's but she didn't share them. I didn't care for the way Hollywood portrayed her character at all.<br />  Hollywood also got Sir Thomas's character wrong, they portray him as mean hearted and vile, while in Jane Austen's Novel he is quiet and distant but he loves his family and you get a clear sense of that...<br />  And where is William Price, Fannie's brother. He is such an important part of Fannie's life, and yet they dicided to cut the character from the movie....really!<br />  There is no love making or graphic pictures spoken of in the novel, why did they feel the need to put it in the movie...There are still people in this world that will watch movies without filth!<br />  I had no idea, Mrs. Betram was a opium junkie. Maybe I misunderstood her character in the novel....but I doubt it.<br />  Mrs. Norris, Edmond Bertram, Miss Crawford and Mr. Crawford's characters were spot on.<br />  But as for the movie as a whole, the lighting was bad, the screenplay questionable....I just didn't get it.  I'm hoping some better qualified director and screenwriter will come along and give it another try...
B002VPE1OS|5.0|I love the way this feels when I slide my finger over it. Unlike on the screen itself if my finger is slightly moist I don't have a hard time gliding my finger over the screen. The application was only kind of tricky, but I did it... it isn't impossible, just takes a little patients. The anti-glare part is good, I like to sit outside in my yard with my dog and the glare was definitely cut with this film. The only thing that was kind of weird was that it was shipped in a box that could have easily accommodated a large DVD/Blu-Ray player when the actual product comes in a 6 by 5 inch flat envelope. I have already recommended this to my husband and friend who both have iPhones.
B000NVIXFK|2.0|I've recently been on a huge Rush kick, due to the release of their new documentary. For me, the best Rush is from Permanent Waves through to Presto. I had Roll The Bones when it was new, but only liked one song so it eventually ended up in my local used CD store. I didn't pursue anything from that point forward.    Now comes the new documentary, 'Beyond the Lighted Stage'. With the anticipation for its release, and being teased by the various snippets on youtube, I decided to start pursuing Rush's music from Roll The Bones (again) onward. Well, it's spotty for sure. RTB is still a terrible album, and Counterparts only managed three good songs. Test For Echo was better with a 50/50 split. Vapor Trails was excellent. Even though I prefer the 'New Wave' influence on the 80's albums, I love a good melody. Vapor Trails had a lot of great songs, though the worst sound quality in both mixing an mastering.    Now on to Snakes and Arrows. I purchased and listened to this album at the peek of my newfound reinterest..., and was terribly disappointed. Where Vapor Trails had great melodies and strong hooks, Snakes and Arrows has very few melodies and virtually no hooks anywhere. After repeated listenings, I managed to pull out two worthwhile tracks. 'Far Cry' was a good choice for release, especially since it's the only rock track worth more than a single listen. But the highlight for me is the beautiful and strong melodic hook of the somber 'The Larger Bowl'. This sounds not unlike the Avant-Folk style of the more recent work by one of my favorite bands, Eyeless in Gaza. This song will go down as one of my all time favorite Rush songs, but it's unfortunate that the rest of the album has little else to offer. Because of this weak latest effort, I'm indifferent to future album releases. I'll be sure to listen to lots of sound samples before any future purchases are made.
0553381687|3.0|I just read this book and its sequel, A Clash of Kings.  I got hooked and spent too much time reading them non-stop.  So I guess I must have liked them.<br /><br />What I liked about them was the writing; it is very good.  The descriptive passages are well done, the characters are mostly interesting, as are the plots.<br /><br />There is a downside, though, and that is there is just too much writing.  It becomes tedious.  There are too many characters, too many plots, and too little resolution to the stories.  I feel like I need to get a legal pad and pencil and write down all of the characters and what happens in each chapter because I sure can't keep it all in my head.<br /><br />And then there's the 'Lost' syndrome (the TV series) where they kept throwing all those intriguing little plots and subplots, but never really resolved them until the final episodes.  This is what Martin is doing. The plots aren't resolved.  One book follows the next, but they could just as well be one huge book.  He never finishes a story; he just leaves things hanging.  Maybe by the time the last book is written, it will be like the last 'Lost\\" episode and he'll wrap things up.  Or maybe not. :)<br /><br />So I'm not sure how to rank this so I gave it 3 stars.  It is very good in many respects, but it has flaws.  Check out the one star reviews and you'll see other complaints similar to mine.
B0014BQQYS|3.0|Such a shame that such a near-perfect movie is given such poor attention in the area of remastering. The Blu-Ray version is unbelievably grainy, and even the most SIMPLE touch-ups were left alone. For example, with many old films you'll often see a little thread or fiber on the corner of the camera lens; an antiquated, distracting imperfection, which could be EASILY buffed out with modern editing technology (literally, a 6th grader could remove it in seconds). But, wouldn't you know it, FOX was too lazy to do anything to it. Definitely wait for a \\"remaster.\\" I bought this film on Blu-Ray when it was at $[...], and I wouldn't even say this version was worth that amount. Now that Amazon moved the price up to [...], don't even think about wasting your money on this excuse for a high definition transfer.
B001DSNF8C|5.0|Amazing version of Casino Royale , i am a big home theater buff and this one is the better version of the 2 since it includes Dolby Digital true HD track instead of the other version PCM multichannel sound.It also include a bonus disc , this movie is awesome prepare to test your home theather and be dazzled by an amazing story , WAY better than the  second one (QUANTUM OF CRAP) , which i don't like and will never buy...
B000VXLC3K|3.0|Yes, yes, it's the famous Tapestry album.  OK.  But honestly, it doesn't age all that well.  The extra CD with some live performances was just OK.  Save yourself some coin and download the particular songs you liked on this album, believe me, the others are not worth it.  And I would not call it a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination.
B000ESSTKQ|4.0|So this is where it all began. Speak and Spell certainly has a lot a really good material, mixed with some fairly embarrassing songs. Naggingly tedious tracks like 'Boys Say Go' and 'What's Your Name?', as well as the boys' attire in the 'Just Can't Get Enough' video, gave a (possibly??) misleading impression that Depeche Mode were an openly gay synth group. It must have just been a phase.    Aside from the aforementioned songs, there were elements of the dark edge that Martin Gore would hone when he became chief song writer after Vince Clark's departure. This darker and whispered rendition of 'Photographic' is far more satisfying than the earlier schizo-disco version released on the Some Bizzare compilation album. 'Puppets' is another along the same dark sound, but retains and attractive melody. Bridging both worlds is the excellent 'Nodisco'. Some of the the aggressively bouncy tracks have retained appeal over these years, including the big hit 'New Life', as well as the misleadingly titled 'I Sometimes Wish I Was Dead'. That song is full of twee keyboards with no talk of death, and may have been an in-joke contradiction between song and title. And I have to say that I just CAN get enough of 'Just Can't Get Enough'. I cannot stand this song in any manner, and it's does not deserve the longevity that it has received. Awful, simply awful. A couple of the best songs from this period were left for B sides, and stuck on the DVD. 'Ice Machine' may be my favorite song from this era, but 'Shout' comes close.    The remastering on this CD is excellent. It is not too loud or compressed, and had not been tweaked in any way that causes unwanted results. An excellent sounding product.
B0018O4YSQ|2.0|Ok, I have an excellent system, new Sony Blu Ray, Onkyo amplifier and a Vizio TV.  However, when playing this disc the audio has this unbearable noise that makes it impossible to enjoy. Plot?? who cares, I can't hear it.
B000NTPDSW|3.0|Dont get me wrong. I love the godfather! I owned all 3 on VHS and DVD.  When I went from VHS to DVD, there was a HUGE difference in picture and sound quality. I loved it! So I decided, well since I got the blu-ray, let me get the blu-ray version of one of my all time favorite trilogies! Heck it is the The Godfather - The Coppola Restoration set, so the picture has to be UNREAL. Popped it in and the title menu was pretty grainey. So that was disappointing but I figure, just the title, no big deal. So I site back, get ready to experience my godfather flick in Blu-Ray, hit play and......WOW! STILL GRAINEY!! So really I was not sure why I just got rid of the DVD version to get the Blu-ray version!? But it is still the Godfather, I love the flick and can never get enough. If you have the DVD version, dont waist your money to get the blu-ray. There is not much of a change in picture quality.
B002VPE1XY|3.0|This is a basic leather camera case for compact digital cameras. My [[ASIN:B00385XYUW Sony Cyber-shot DSC-TX5 10.2MP CMOS Digital Camera with 4x Wide Angle Zoom with SteadyShot Image Stabilization and 3.0 Inch Touch Screen LCD (Pink)]] ultra-compact digicam fits in there fine, although the camera is so thin that it wiggles in this case. The case is made in China and while the leather materials seems good-quality, after just 3 weeks it looks kind of old. (Maybe that's the way leather is supposed to look after breaking-in? I don't know, since I don't own many leather items.)
B0010ZR160|5.0|If there is any doubt about Ben Affleck's talent or ability, his film, \\"Gone Baby Gone\\" erases that doubt. In his directorial debut, he shows he still has the stuff we first saw in his joint work with Matt Damon in their Academy Award winning \\"Good Will Hunting.\\"<br /><br />Now add Casey Affleck to this list of talented guys from Boston, for he shines in this, his brother's loose adaptation of Dennis Lehane's book of the same title.<br /><br />The basic premise: A young girl is taken from her mother, people want to exchange the young girl for money, money gets shuffled around, and only a few really know what's going on. You, viewer, are not the privileged few. You must hang with Casey Affleck's private detective, first-person narrative to learn anything. This performance, although much lower-keyed and diametrically opposite, is as perfectly rendered as the role of serial killer he plays in the recently-released  [[ASIN:B003U6SJY0 The Killer Inside Me]]. The two years between roles wrought subtle, yet incredible changes in Affleck's appearance.  In \\"Baby\\" he had a softer look, a much gentler nature that reeks of sincerity. In \\"Killer\\" he looks taller, more wired, and, although affable, like a conductor coil about to be fired. The biggest difference, however, is that his \\"Baby\\" character follows not only the law, but the letter of the law! No moral dilemmas with his mindset. In \\"Killer\\" Affleck's character does what he wants. He is his own moral law. What the two roles do have in common is the narrative line. However, to hear a killer devoid of a moral compass wax on is quite different from hearing the voice of a person committed to truth, justice, and the American Way. In fact, it's this tight connection to Right that determines the painful and just or unjust ending to \\"Baby.\\"<br /><br />A fine cast of actors fleshes out this convoluted, morally twisted story: Ed Harris, Morgan Freeman, Michelle Monaghan, each contributing or part of the dilemma at movie's end.<br /><br />In fact, this movie raises as much controversy in its conclusion as did [[ASIN:0767821718 The Deep End of the Ocean]]. What IS the right thing to do? I do not want to say anything more except: Let the story lead where the story leads.es as much controversy in its conclusion as did [[ASIN:0767821718 The Deep End of the Ocean]]. What IS the right thing to do? I do not want to say anything more except: Let the story lead where the story leads.
B00285K1EK|1.0|\\"Don't make me, Ang Lee.  You wouldn't like me when I'm (directed by) Ang Lee.
B003PGNBO8|5.0|I have never seen a show with so many plot twists. Each episode ends with a cliffhanger, and makes you crave to watch the next episode. This is a sign of excellent story writing. I highly recommend this show to anyone.
0812973992|4.0|Yes, it's a good choice for an interesting and philosophical story about happenings at the Twin Towers and about interplay of people from Park Avenue to the bowels of the city. Life continues , people struggle with what life throws their way and tragedy happens along with the everyday happenings of the daring and everyday life choices. A good read that seems to start out slow but soon grabs your attention.
B002OG5GT8|5.0|I really like this little device.  It does add some depth and bass to my HTC Incredible Smartphone.  I use the phone as an MP3 player and the E5 provide a bit more Bass Boost.  Don't expect too much from the unit, but it does help.  Overall worth the $20 price.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|My brother in law talked me into trying this albun. On the first listen I wasn't impressed and actually hated a few of the tracks. But I gave it a second listen and paid more attention to the words and what was being said. I started asking questions about who he was talking about and why(I missed the news about Proof dieing, so that news made alot of what he said make more sence). Then I listened again and found myself understanding so much more and actually loving the album now as one of my all time favorites.     It is definately a little more serious than his last couple albums and lacks the raw rage of his first couple albums. But he's not a teen anymore, he is a grown man and a father and this album reflects the turmoil and pains he deals with now. This is an artist maturing and this album might just be his best.
B000HZD08M|1.0|I remember watching the shorts of this on Liquid Television years ago.. and watching the half hour animated show as well.  The shorts made little sense.  The half hour show even less.  From there to this abomination of a movie it was basically a really flashy, sexy, somewhat interesting concept that was simply never fleshed out into something actually interesting.  When the whole thing was teetering, about to topple from its own weight it was buttressed and supported with a bunch of post-apocalyptic scifi movie cliches.. and then the creators called it a day.  Thus was this movie born, and thus did it die.  A name without a personality... a concept without a purpose.  What a waste that this couldn't have been handled by people who weren't complete hacks so that something interesting at least to those who like dystopian sci-fi would be made.
B0000541VQ|5.0|I love this movie and planned on buying it on DVD.  After reading the reviews of the poor quality reproduction on DVD (and then recalling that I noticed how dark the DVD was when renting) I chose to get the \\"archaic\\" VHS copy.  This copy is very good quality and so I enjoyed the movie fully!  I recommend the movie and the VHS copy.  VHS was sent quickly.
B001FB4VZS|5.0|This is one of the best shows I've seen since 1949 ............ when we got our first TV(RCA) ........ An original/new depiction of the superman saga and it gets better every year ............ the only problem: it has to end after ONLY! ten seasons ......... congratulations to the actors, creators, producers, writers and everyone associated with the show.
006056251X|5.0|I expected to be blown away, given how many people have told me how good this book is, but the book itself wasn't amazing. It was one of the better of historical romances, but I really just enjoyed the characters the most. They were realistic and funny and I wouldn't mind seeing them star in another book, maybe an alternate universe one set in space.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I had already rented the movie before I bought it. The movie(DVD)touched my heart and soul. A movie that I could watch over and over again. It brought back memories of our special dog named \\"Ollie\\" that had passed away last yr in July. The movie was terrific with Richard Gere in it;a family movie. I wish I would've known that it was such a tear jerker. It doesn't matter either way; I would've bought it. I bought two DVD's because one was a gift for my neighbor that had just lost one of her dogs.    Anna M. Smith  Saylorsburg  Amazon.com customer
006145205X|5.0|I'm the type of guy who doesn't lay awake at night worrying about the fate of the universe, however, I'm susceptible to bouts of controlled thought where I have a tendency to veer toward the depressing and morbid. What if greenhouse gases will cause the ice caps to melt and alter civilization, and geography, forever? What if we do run out of oil? What if population growth in the third world does continue unabated? What if technology turns us all into a network of lazy, credit-dependent people, consuming more than we earn until the day we die? Like I said, maybe not worth worrying about, but concerning nonetheless.<br /><br />Matt Ridley, in this carefully thought out, extremely thorough, and clearly written book pursues an elegant path that few others, if any, have tried to tread: what if we're going in the right direction? What if all these trends we suppose we are seeing are really for the better? Can you really be an optimist in this negativistic environment without having to \\"drink the Kool-aid\\" all the time? Amazingly, Ridley's conclusion is, sure you can. Think positive and be happy and let the naysayers wear themselves out. Among some of the arguments that Ridley puts forth - and readily succeeds in proving - are: there's nothing wrong with taking fossil fuel from the earth to supply modern industry and technology with the energy it needs to operate; population will not grow indefinitely until the resources of the earth collapse and doom the planet; technology is not the cause of trans-fat loving, TV-watching idiots; and (most convincingly) would you rather be where you are today, with running water, electricity, horseless carriages, health care, obesity, depression, Prozac, and all the rest, or would you rather be plowing your own wheat for 14 hours a day and then going down to the river to haul your own water back to the cabin so you can make dinner for your eight children, who you leave in the field for one more hour to get that much more work done. (You get the idea.) In short, Mr. Ridley makes you feel good to think positive, and when somebody asks you why you aren't worried about the latest hot button issue that is going to change our way of life for the worse, he gives you the information and rationale for defending your (solidly sensible) thought process. This book should be required reading in all circles of government. Casual readers and conscientious citizens could do far worse than this for summer reading material. It is an interesting, sensible, and meaningful book.et the idea.) In short, Mr. Ridley makes you feel good to think positive, and when somebody asks you why you aren't worried about the latest hot button issue that is going to change our way of life for the worse, he gives you the information and rationale for defending your (solidly sensible) thought process. This book should be required reading in all circles of government. Casual readers and conscientious citizens could do far worse than this for summer reading material. It is an interesting, sensible, and meaningful book.
B0026127Y8|5.0|If you like the Splinter Cell books or games you will love this movie.  Even though there has not yet been a Splinter Cell movie out yet, but Taken does take the charts in that aspect.  A ex-cell uses his skills to retrieve his daughter from a dirty underground ring of sex slaves.  It sort of makes you fill like Sam Fisher would of done the same thing, but yeah, way awesome, 5 stars.
1594202559|5.0|It can become a guily pleasure reading about Hedge Fund managers success and extrodinary wealth.  Mallaby's book does something bold in that is stands up for what is often a villified segment of the investment world.  Mallaby humanizes characters like George Soros and Julian Robertson but also gives tremendous insight into their strategies, why those strategies worked, and how they occasionally failed.  Whether you work in finance or are just a casual follower of the markets this book has a narrative flair that makes it an easy read but the depth to leave you with some important lessons and views.
B00005JPUN|5.0|I would really like to give this movie a 4 1/2, but seems I can't I will give it a 5. I enjoyed watching the movie, but felt more effort should have been put into the ending of the movie. The movie made you think, what would I do if this really happened? And how would I protect my children? The scariest part is that if we were ever faced with something like this, it WOULD spread like wildfire. Both Nicole Kidman and and Daniel Craig deliver great performances. I really liked the chemistry between them and Nicole's portrayal of fighting to stay awake was great. If you like Sci Fi movies, and do not require a lot of special effects or gore, then you will want to watch this one.
1572816295|5.0|If you're looking for a deck that is whimsical and soft then this deck is perfect.  Every single card is gorgeous and the artist does not sacrifice symbolism for beauty.  The pictures incorporate all the significance and strong imagery of a traditional deck and when coupled Paulina Cassidy's gorgeous style the effect is truly magical.  Highly recommended.
B00164GDD2|3.0|A hilarious film with a great cast as we all know.Many memorable lines that we can still quote to this day.Just an over all classic movie.I was afraid this movie would not hold up to the times.As a kid I thought it was great but I had not seen it in a long time.However it holds up very well and still is one of the funniest films ever made.The effects do not hold up over time but I'm fine with that.My main complaint is simply the blu ray transfer.It just wasn't given the treatment it deserves.Is it better then DVD yes but I have seen older movies that have been cleaned up better than this.I hope for and expect another much better looking transfer to be released on blu ray around the time Ghostbusters 3 hits the theaters.So I would say hold off but if this ends up being the only option grab it because it is still a great film and to date the best looking that you can get.The movie gets a 4 star but this item gets a 3 star.
0399156577|5.0|I'm so glad each one of is different and weren't made in cookie cutter molds.  I read through the other reviews and it seemed readers either loved \\"The Search\\" or disliked it for a myriad of reasons.  That is as it should be, at least in my opinion, especially with a strongly romance-based novel.  We all don't like the same things in our love lives so why should we in the books about romance.  Yes, this is a mystery, too, and a thriller but when it comes down to it, it's a romance.<br /><br />I loved the book.  I loved the very strong female protagonist, Fiona.  She wasn't the shy, retiring type at all.  And because of that, she was able to stand up for herself with the male protagonist, Simon.  Yes, he is egotistical, selfish, rude but NOT always.  And the rare moments of tenderness are that much more appreciated because they are hard won.<br /><br />I loved the dogs in the book.  Warning:  If you are simply not a dog person, you really might have a problem liking this book.  But I enjoy the companionship and loyalty of the canine species and enjoyed all the doggish characters in the book.  Fiona is a dog trainer so that is a strong component of the book but Roberts is knowledgeable and handled the training sequences well; I even learned some tidbits to use in the future.  Fiona is also part of a K-9 Search-and-Rescue team and I truly enjoyed the different SAR adventures.<br /><br />This actually turned out to be one of my favorite Roberts novels and I am sure I will read it again in the future (which is my standard for a good book - I read SO many books that rarely do I go back and reread one).
0399156577|4.0|This book s is deeply formulaic. But it is good Nora formula. At this point, if you don't want to see what she has done so many times before and done well, why read her? More recently I've been irritated by bad Nora formula, but this has everything she does well. Appealing characters with chemistry, a heroine with a truly hard past you can root for, a great community, good suspense, and a discussion of an interesting world (search and rescue using dogs). Best yet--cute dogs! And we don't have to see the world from the animal's point of view (which has been happening with alarming regularity in some fiction). While I've not been happy with her trilogies lately (or the recent wedding quartet), the last couple of suspense books have been good old fashioned NR. Predictable? Yes? But enjoyable if that's what you're looking for? Absolutely!
0981951244|5.0|I love Darren Hardy for one reason more than others;  his no bs, action based writing style.  I've seen Darren speak in person and let me tell you, this book is as close to being front row at one of his seminars as you can get.  If you listen to him and follow his guide, you will see results!!!
0375836675|5.0|Markus Zusak is an amazing author who fills every page with beautiful words! The book is captivating and deep, with the charaters so real I felt as if I knew them. The Jurney of Ed Kennedy and the messages he must deliver, are true and simple but with complex backgrounds. All i have to say is to read this book and any other of Markus's books. they are all phenomenal !
0439023483|5.0|I believe I first read about \\"The Hunger Games\\" in a book review newspaper at the library.  It sounded intriguing even though written for young adults.  I have always liked post-apocalyptic fiction so I thought I'd give this a try.  I am so glad I did.  I liked everything about this book and book two of the trilogy [[ASIN:0439023491 Catching Fire]].  The characters are exceptionally well drawn with a strong female protagonist; it has an absolutely fabulous plot; AND I've been able to share the books with my teenage granddaughter and she has liked them as much as I do.  Book three of the trilogy [[ASIN:0439023513 Mockingjay]] is coming out August 24, 2010 and both my granddaughter and I are waiting impatiently.<br /><br />I did feel that \\"Catching Fire\\" was a little slower than \\"The Hunger Games\\" but still exceptionally well written.<br /><br />Both \\"The Hunger Games\\" and \\"Catching Fire\\" were fairly violent in spots. There were some slight hints at sexual references.  If you are a parent reading this, you know your child the best.  Either read the books yourself and decide if content is appropriate - I think you will be surprised on how well the different situations are handled.  Or if I was making a decision for my own children, I would have probably read the books, discussed a couple of the areas with them, and then let them read and ask me questions if they wanted.  I did discuss the books beforehand with my son to get his okay to send to my granddaughter and then she and I have discussed since.<br /><br />Young adult fiction is changing since I was a teen.  It's not Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys any more but then the world has changed, too.  There's a lot of really great YA fiction out there.  Another set my granddaughter and I have read is [[ASIN:1435248244 Uglies]], [[ASIN:0689865392 Pretties]], [[ASIN:1416947957 Specials]], and [[ASIN:1416971211 Extras]]; or the boxed set [[ASIN:1416971203 Uglies, The Collector's Set: Uglies, Pretties, Specials, Extras]].  Another great plot line with memorable characters.<br /><br />ADDED COMMENTS:  I just reread both \\"The Hunger Games\\" and \\"Catching Fire\\" to jog my poor old feeble memory before I started on the last book of the trilogy [[ASIN:0439023513 Mockingjay]].  I enjoyed both books just as much the second time around and discovered details and nuances I missed the first time.  I'm about 100 pages into \\"Mockingjay\\" and will review it separately when I finish.  But this trilogy is right at the top of my list of all-time favorites - of any genre.h memorable characters.    ADDED COMMENTS:  I just reread both \\"The Hunger Games\\" and \\"Catching Fire\\" to jog my poor old feeble memory before I started on the last book of the trilogy [[ASIN:0439023513 Mockingjay]].  I enjoyed both books just as much the second time around and discovered details and nuances I missed the first time.  I'm about 100 pages into \\"Mockingjay\\" and will review it separately when I finish.  But this trilogy is right at the top of my list of all-time favorites - of any genre.
B0039TD7RC|4.0|I'm not going to extensively review the original \\"Exile on Main Street.\\"  It's without a doubt a five star record...a classic.  But the buzz on this one is the remastering and the extra tracks.  In terms of the remastering, though I didn't do a side by side comparison, I don't sonically notice much that is different.  So, on to the extra tracks:  There are a few good ones as well as an embryonic version of Tumbling Dice with alternate lyrics and a couple of other throw-aways.  Do I regret the purchase?  Not at all.  Do I think it's just a way to suck more money out of Stones fans?  Again, no.  It's a worthwhile addition for those who want a complete collection, or for those who for some insane reason don't already own this album, a necessity.
B002JCSWV6|3.0|A somewhat interesting tale that focuses way too much on rugby.  Guess I'm not a sports fiend, eh?  Morgan Freeman and Matt Damon keep this movie at a respectable level.  South Africans and fans of Mandela are more likely to find this film enjoyable so; MY GRADE: B minus to B; FANS OF MANDELA: B to A minus; WHEN WATCHED: 07/12/2010.
B002M2T1UO|1.0|I would have given it 5 stars for the series, but I am rating the product.  Though I had read the reviews about the glue spot issue, there were many saying that the problem was fixed, so I took a chance. Oh well, still glue spots on almost every disk.  Return went well and hassle free. I will keep an eye on this and maybe order it again later.
0783219733|4.0|sorry that it took so long to review this my computer has been down for awhile. my daughter really likes this
B002VPE1YS|3.0|My first comment about this product is about the box it arrived in. The product's small packaging itself definitely fit within Amazon's hassle-free packaging, but the BOX it arrived in was gigantic. For a small case like this, I was extremely surprised to receive the product in a box that could hold 8 2 liter soda bottles. It was amazing...    That being said, the product itself was a pretty big disappointment. While the overall design and functionality is fine, I was especially disappointed in the quality of the item. It just felt cheap. Seeing the $4.99 price tag, I can't complain, really, but I was amazed at how cheap it felt. I'd probably buy something else, myself, and pass on this product. It is definitely functional, however. Just a simple case that you can throw pretty much anything in, synch it up, throw it in a larger bag, and you're on your way. For an iPod Nano, this would be great for protecting it if it was dropped. For something larger, like a small digital camera, you'll most likely see some damage. I doubt it's sufficiently padded to fully protect a larger item.     For $5 though, give it a try. If cheap material doesn't bother you, then this is a great case for you...
B003JLA4KS|5.0|The creators of this documentary has made others where, either, they told the story of the subject; the content focused entirely on one person. (Flight 666 could have been called the \\"Bruce Dickenson Show, but I digress.) In this tale, we are introduced to two high school kids, Geddy and Alex, who, in the hope of escaping from some troubling aspect of their respective youths, founded a blues/prog-rock band that would go on to iconic status equal to the biggest of rock's acts. What we are introduced to is the three members of Rush looking back on their lives and careers from the wisdom of middle-age and explaining it all to their devoted fans. The tale is funny and filled with the usual, but vividly told, road-warrior tales of a young rock band starting out and pressing for success. All the accounts of the great shows, (and the bad ones) the amazing people (a special place is reserved for KISS here) they encountered on their path to world-wide success, the battles with short-sighted record company types, the critics, and the very heart-felt moments that their careers and friendships were built on. The addition of devoted famous-fan comments from Billy Corgan, Sebastien Bach, Les Claypool, Kirk Hammett, Trent Reznor, Jack Black, and many more just add to the power of Rush's influence over so many. This is the story of a band that brought their show to the people and won them over. Rush is truly the people's band.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|Great Album.  Takes you on a lyrical roller coaster.  \\"I gave bruce wayne a valium, cause I'm ready for combat man, get it, calm bat-man\\"  This line exemplifies his creativity.  Toss in Em's rejuvenated honesty, some excellent beats and of course his, easily forgotten, natural gifts and you've got an incredible cd.  Eager for more.
1400034205|5.0|This book is quite inspiring because of the unconventional nature of the main character.  It has stood the test of time as it takes place during WWI (and beyond)and it is contrasting materialism vs. minimalism.  The book is the perfect length and because it is based on real life events of the characters involved, it is not wrapped up in a shiny bow at the end.  It is about a man searching to find out, in a too simple summary, the meaning of life.  He is a minimalist but he is not simplistic.  He is inspiring because he is unconventional.  I feel like it has an awesome message especially in this tumultuous time we are experiencing as a nation (and world).  Because life has been uprooted for many people, this book may be the inspiration that you need.  Enjoy
B002ZFQD0O|1.0|Hmm...only two reviews here.  I guess I'll say what everyone if afraid to.  This CD is horrible.  Sorry fans, sorry Serj.  His voice is jarring over the softness of the symphony.  It is far better suited to his band and SOAD.  Although his voice hovered between metal and \\"opera?\\" this output clearly says leave the cellos and flutes to others.  In fact, leave it to 'Within Temptation' who does it justice.
B001B51B9M|5.0|This movie is a good view.  Love the music in it and it is just a feel good movie.
B00004YRQA|1.0|This is absurd.  8 MB for $20?  I just got an 8 GB flash drive for the same price.  That's 1000 times more data storage.  Which means, not including the production cost, this card costs 1000x more than it should.  Besides, why didn't they just include a couple hundred megabytes of internal storage when they redesigned the PS2?  What the hell?
030745455X|5.0|Simply put, this novel was the most fun and engaging mystery/thriller that I have read in many years. This is a sequel to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, which I liked a lot, but The Girl Who Played With Fire is so much better. This novel stands on its own, and so don't feel that you have to read the first in the sequence. This story grabbed me from the start, and was full of great characters (Lisbeth is the best) and great twists and turns, and amazing action, too. I have read hundreds of mysteries in my life, and this may be the best. With so many great reviews, I won't say more. Just read this novel!
076790592X|5.0|This book allows you to bond with both the author and the characters. Be prepared to laugh and cry. I recommend that everyone read this book!
1594202249|3.0|The book was slow moving until i got to the end. If you can follow tons of story lines, this is the book for you.
B002RKRTGO|5.0|i love this book. sir arthur conan doyle is a wonderful writer and i would recomend this book and many other writings to anyone.it is full of suspence and is just thriling.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|The PX21's are the best head set to wear for playing with friends on-line.  They are for both Playstation and XBox.  Great sound I will not play Call of Duty with out them.  Product arived on time and in great condition.
B0032FPVKE|4.0|The camcorder bag from AmazonBasics is the first product I have gotten from the AmazonBasic line that was what most people think of when they think \\"product.\\"  I have gotten cabling and such from AmazonBasics before, but this is the first item that I could comfortably put into the \\"goods\\" category of \\"goods and services.\\"<br /><br />The item comes packaged in Amazon's \\"Frustration-Free\\" packaging.  That basically means: cardboard boxes, with no tape, and no plastic bubble wrap or blister packs.  The material is standard padded fabric.  And the zippers and straps are all decent quality.<br /><br />However, it is rather small.  The bag is clearly labeled as measuring 7.9 x 4 x 5.7 inches.  And it seems even smaller than that.  It is labeled as a camcorder bag, and I have to say that it is going to be too small for anything more bulky than the modern (tiny) camcorders they make these days.  Add in: extra batteries, a microphone, a tripod mount (or several), cords, lens covers, memory cards, and cables for displaying/working on your videos remotely, and quite frankly they are not all going to fit in the bag.<br /><br />I can barely squeeze my Canon HG10 HD camcorder in there, and that thing is rather small.  In all, I was able to squeeze the camcorder + strap, its power cord, the battery charger in one outside external pocket, and the detachable lamp light in the other along with 1 usb cable, and 1 component viewing cable.  In the front pocket under the flap, I am storing the case for the SD memory card the camcorder uses for pictures, and an extra card.  That is it, and it is a tight fit.<br /><br />So, there is nothing wrong with the bag, it is just more of a \\"day bag\\" instead of a carry-all.  Use it to bring your camcorder to the beach or an amusement park, just to keep it padded and shielded.  If you just want to stick the camcorder itself in there plus some extra batteries, and maybe the cable, you will be golden.
B0021L8UPS|5.0|don't wanna spoil for ya but this is a good movie with an unexpected twist.  reminds me of the Demon Seed.  For those thinking of adoptions, ya might wanna reconsider unless you get ALL the facts.  Husbands, listen to your wives when they tell you something just ain't quite right with a child.  Too bad the husband in the movie didn't listen.
B0036EH3X4|5.0|one of the best shows ever. as a whole LOST will go down in history as one of the greatest TV achievments of all time.
B002ZG997C|5.0|This is one of the most wonderful post apocalyptic stories I've ever seen. It tells the story in a simple manner yet leaves it riveted to the mind. The story of a man on a mission and how he encounters the many obstacles along the way. The setting and scenery seem grim but as the story unfurls it grabs your attention and you can even manage some laughs. As usual Denzel Washington plays the role to the T.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|This also was a birthday gift for our daughter in law. She was also thrilled to receive this DVD. She highly recommends this series.
B000S6LT42|4.0|I enjoy the Stones and ANY DVD of them is worth owing and watching. For 2007, the 5.1 audio is good but not as good as compared to the 2009 digital remaster of \\"Live at the Max\\"). The filming was great, high quality, The Stones as usual played great engergetic shows, no complaints.  I just wish using 6 speakers they would have re-mixed the songs for better separation, it sounds almost like a straight to video sound board recording, but is still good to listen too.
0812979656|5.0|I bought this book a little over two weeks ago and it is, without a doubt, one of THE best books I've ever read. This is a story of betrayal, love, and the lengths that some people are willing to go to. Richly detailed in a style thoroughly unconventional, ricocheting back and forth between 1960's India and the 1990's, it tells the story of \\"two-egg-twins\\" separated from childhood due to one woman's pride, only to spend one day together after 20 years of longing for each other.<br /><br />Rahel and Estha are characters unlike any others, forced from a young age to feel the harsher realities of life, starting with Estha's sex abuse, then the Sophie Mol's death, the murder of their friend and their mother's lover, Velutha and their eventual parting of paths, Estha's silence and Rahel's empty eyes unwittingly reflect this harsh chain of event.<br /><br />I originally planned on getting \\"The Satanic Verses\\" by Salman Rushdie and bought this instead. It's certainly one mistake I don't regret. This fairly recent novel presents previously unseen perspectives of life hidden by the utmost fantasy-ish books of romantics and sugary endings. A true work of art.
B001GCUER0|5.0|This was a birthday gift for my daughter in law's 30th birthday, and she was delighted. She would highly recommend this video
B002VPE1B6|3.0|The \\"special\\" Avatar package contains two disc's.  Not a good deal.  One is Blue Ray and one is standard DVD.  I thought I was getting a \\"features\\" disc, which would show some of the production that went into making the movie.  Nope, just got two movies.  Not a good deal.  The movie was OK, if you like the \\"evil white man, trampling on the poor natives\\" concept.  Didn't think much of the story line, just standard crap coming out of hollywood these days.
031606792X|3.0|I am in love with the Twilight series.  I have read all of the books atleast 4 times with the exception of this one.  It is not a bad book.  The story is still very interesting.  I just feel like it could have been more; could have been better in some ways but this doesnt make it a bad book.    I have no problem with the story line itself.  I just wish that parts of the book could have given us more.  For example - the wedding went by so quickly.  Stephanie is usually so detailed about everything and every conversation but it was lacking here.  We did not see just how happy Bella was to be getting married and how she felt about becoming a part of the family now that her wedding day was actually here.  In the other books Bella was so against marriage.  Stephanie showed in detail her dislike for the institution.  But on the actual day we dont get the other side.  Should we assume that she is ok with it now or just ready to get busy with Edward.    Speaking about getting busy, no discription at all; not even a kiss.  What happened.  I dont care for detailed sex scenes, but she really gave us nothing on this one.  I also thought that while on the honey moon maybe Edward and Bella could have a conversation about how far they have come or about him changing her and what that would mean to him for her to want to be with him forever.  But they really had no conversations.  Just a lot of Edward distracting her so that she would not want to have sex.    I thought Jacobs part of the story was funny and very well written.  I think it kind of carried the story.  Bella as  a mom is fine, Bella as a vampire is fine too but still, where are Edwards thoughts now that she is actually a vampire.  She completely gave up her life for him and they dont even have a conversation about it.    The voltouri portion was fine.  I am glad that no one got killed but it would have been nice for Bella to get to fight since she wanted to opportunity to fight with Edward like Alice and Jasper.    So,the book is worth reading.  I am sad to see the series end.  This is their story it was a great love story I just wish there had been more.
B000FC10WU|5.0|Agatha is the best at what she does and this book is a prime demonstration of that fact.  I love the quaint style and vivid (but not boring) descriptions.<br /><br />A first time Christie reader would do well with this one.
B003QNXPUK|3.0|Just like the InvisibleSHIELD for the iPad, this one isn't cut right either. In this case, both the front and back film panels are too small - the back more noticeably so.  \\"Maximum coverage\\" is something of a misnomer as well, but is perhaps as best as you can get for this particular device. Unlike the iPhone 3G and 3GS, the iPhone 4's design makes it difficult (impossible?) to make this type of film protection that would cover the entire device. So you have to be satisfied with little strips of protection film to cover the majority of areas. Parts of the phone left unprotected: slide switch and volume controls, areas next to speakers and dock connector, power button, glass between front camera and earpiece, SIM card door.  Since the side protection is made up of little strips, it is possible to attach them so that they cover the antennae, which may provide protection against the current signal loss fiasco.  The protection film itself picks up grease and crud quite well, though it is easy to remove.  This is the first time I've tried Zagg products, having used a cheaper alternative for my 3G and 3GS. I'm not seeing the value in paying Zagg's premium prices. For the other iPhone 4 in my family, I will be trying the lower priced alternative.
B001UV4XWY|5.0|BEAUTIFUL AND DEADLY<br /><br />I love this film. For me as a viewer of this film , this movie has given Frank Langella god - like powers as an actor. Understandeably , that means bad news for big government and big bussiness who don't like people to have any ideas about the possibility of acquiering god - like powers as a result of encountering totally unforseeable events whom they have no control over. The film deals with three versions of Earth as they exist seperately and yet fully connected with each other in the year 1976. The film provides the ultimate counterargument against why people like to live in little boxes - and shatters any potential box the senses of it's viewer may have encountered in their lives , including and most specifically the box of conspiracy reality. Since I am very used to have my now circle - shaped world - views shattered by the minute , I welcomed this film so much that I watched it two times. The film portrays the possibility that humanity has evolved into a very powerful series of advanced species and civilizations which can possess such powers as the ability to move themselves between planets in the form of lightning. People think it's impossible but H.G.Wells encountered this concept of travel in the form of lightning when he wrote the War of the Worlds. In the War of the Worlds the Martians visited the Earth in the form of lightning as it was seen by Steven Spielberg. Spielberg tried unsuccessfully due to his political views to present his extraterrestrial visitors in a convincing manner but Morgan Freeman saved the day and for me , sort of led the team on that one. In the Box , Frank Langella proves ultimately his enormous success as an actor since his seriously , albeit totally unintentionally , shamanistic approax to interpreting Richard Nixon in the film Nixon /Frost. That was a movie I loved to watch as well. I have watched several other Frank Langella films but until this time I realized that he is seriously interested in playing in only really good movies. So this film will be a kind of Clockwork Orange like cult classic after about 10 years from now. It has already generated some highly politically incorrect ideas on travel in the minds of many. Imagine how easy it'd be once having perfected the technology and skills to create wormholes by the use of your mind and to use them to travel between dimensions in the form of lightning. On the outside you appear as lightning but in front of you is a wormhole. Goodness knows how many visitors from elsewhere may have visited this planet in such a manner. Imagine how easy it'd be for them to possess someone really aware , such as quite terrifyingly , mr. Langella or myself , and use our bodies and ourselves as vehicles without our knowledge. I have a far more terrifying theory as to how such a communication could take place - for example , astrally just as Langella tries to portray somewhere in the middle of the film. 1976 has a particularly significant importance from a symbolic perspective for me for some reason. I have often used this year to express myself artistically to get more people to read my other internet apart from amazon.com views and pay some attention to my art in my country and occasionally to make fun out of new age thought and maoism.<br />What if we could be struck not only by physical lightning such as that portrayed in this film but astral lightning? That'd be seriously politically incorrect for the one or two star reviewers of this film. But perhaps moderate for the three star reviewers. We five star reviewers love and honour and appreciate this movie , Langella for who he is , and Cameron Diaz for who she is , and the director , producers and other actors for who they are , without giving a damn about the consequences. We have no idea as to exactly why we love films like the Box , Solaris , etc. , we just do. Thus , we operate outside of the mainstream to the one and two star reviewers , learn from them , move about our bussiness numinously , and continue to strive toward greatness in the pursuit of our limitless potential. I love how the director of this movie and the Donnie Darko plays with water. I have never seen anybody do it as well as he does since Leonardo Da Vinci. Leonardo would have loved to watch his films. Interestingly like in Leonardo's works , water often has a somewhat apocalyptic message to tell in the film , and also very beautiful - beautiful and deadly. If you who are reading this view happen to be an nsa employee , do not try this at home - if you do , consider yourself warned!! That was of course a joke by the way. Thank you so much , Langella , Diaz and all for having brought me the opportunity to see this film. Without you , I would never have!! Hitchcock would have loved the Box. I wonder if there'll be a sequel in where the main character chooses to destroy the box and present it to Stewart in ruins. Stewart's gonna be soo mad.........or not since he likes mystery.ssiness numinously , and continue to strive toward greatness in the pursuit of our limitless potential. I love how the director of this movie and the Donnie Darko plays with water. I have never seen anybody do it as well as he does since Leonardo Da Vinci. Leonardo would have loved to watch his films. Interestingly like in Leonardo´s works , water often has a somewhat apocalyptic message to tell in the film , and also very beautiful - beautiful and deadly. If you who are reading this view happen to be an nsa employee , do not try this at home - if you do , consider yourself warned!! That was of course a joke by the way. Thank you so much , Langella , Diaz and all for having brought me the opportunity to see this film. Without you , I would never have!! Hitchcock would have loved the Box. I wonder if there´ll be a sequel in where the main character chooses to destroy the box and present it to Stewart in ruins. Stewart´s gonna be soo mad.........or not since he likes mystery.
0143118420|5.0|I'm very happy to have finished listening to this audiobook (in the case of this book I highly recommend this format) before reading some of the negative reviews.  This book is about one woman's journey to find pleasure, devotion and a balance between the two.  And to me it is beautifully written and read by the author.  Maybe others would've embarked on that journey differently, but to judge her defeats the message.  This is HER story of healing and finding HER self.  No, it's not about a life-threatening disease, raising children alone, taking care of an elderly parent or struggling with poverty.  But those are not the only circumstances that cause internal pain and suffering.  If you feel that you \\"have it all\\" but are still searching for something more or feel there is something missing in your life, then maybe this book is for you.  For me, this book was inspirational and renewed my spirit after recently experiencing some difficulties.  It helped me to better appreciate my life.
B00003CXDD|5.0|One hero of this drama is a dwarf, another is an old lady, the romance at its heart is between a bad guy and bad girl, who both end up on the good guy side, and comic relief is provided by a couple of pint-sized, rascally brownies .... and the Amazon review calls this a \\"routine fantasy plot\\"???     This wonderful movie (which does, indeed, engage the viewer's emotions!) is wryly humorous, and filled with action and pathos. There are too many great scenes to mention them all, but the drunken brownies arguing about who is the leader is unforgettable, as are Willow's desperate flubs at transforming Fin Razeal, their \\"good witch\\" back into her own form, and Fin Razeal's (Patricia Hayes) tart comments on his lack of skill. There is the hilarious spectacle of Val Kilmer poorly disguised as a girl, turning down a barbarian's advances (\\"Wanna breed?\\" \\"Um, no!\\").  There is also the excellent climactic match  between Fin Razeal (Patricia Hayes) and the evil sorceror queen BavMorda (Jean Marsh), which degrades from a classic sorceror's battle into an out and out cat fight between these two excellent actresses... I could go on and on. Sorry - I guess I have...    This movie is still gathering new fans, and continuing to satisfy its old fans, year after year. I just watched it one more time...
B0030IIYWA|5.0|[[ASIN:B0030IIYWA Toy Story (Two-Disc Special Edition Blu-ray/DVD Combo w/ Blu-ray Packaging)]]    I've never seen the Toy Story movies.  First awesome thing about this movie was the price: $30 for this movie AND Toy Story 2 on Blu.      The movie itself is pure gold and I have no idea how I missed out on watching this.  Having went so long before watching it, the best part for me was guessing the voice actors - John Ratzenberger, Annie Potts, Jim Varney and the greatest drill sergeant ever, R. Lee Ermey amongst others.  I think there's a little Sid (sp?) in all of us men when we were young...come on who didn't want to blow up something of ours at one time or another?  If you ever wondered what your toys were up to when you weren't looking...well your questions will be answered and then some.  The mangled toys were definitely creepy but cute in their own weird way, especially when saving the day for Andy's toys.  The picture quality is crystal clear and if you have an optimum Hi-Def setup, the sights and sounds are breathtaking.  The ending skate chase in particular is reference material for the ages.    As an added bonus, registering this Blu-ray (and Toy Story 2 on Blu) with Disney rewards netted me 2 tickets for Toy Story 3 which was icing on the cake.  I easily recommend this movie if you're the last person on this planet who hasn't seen it.
B00008GKEG|5.0|A must have for any fan of the Fab Four. This anthology is entertaining, informative, definitive. It's worth every penny of the cost and then some. If you enjoyed the Beatles in the least bit, then run - don't walk - to your compu and get this wonderful DVD set ordered. You'll thank yourself a million times over later on.
B002TZS5GU|4.0|This movie wasn't the best movie I have ever seen, but it definitely kept me entertained throughout. Like other reviewers have said, this isn't a happy story, but did you really expect for a story about a virus killing everyone to be happy? A very interesting story and a worth while watch!
B0038P59A0|5.0|As a student of film, I am coming to appreciate the combination of excellent acting, excellent story line and superb cinematography.  This is a classic as far as I am concerned.
B00129H7VS|5.0|Loved the series first time around on HBO, ended up buying Blu-ray version for my father. Good concept and good cast, great directing, if you like WWII stories, this one will definitely capture and hold your attention.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I originally purchased this CD after attending Wicked in Chicago. Since than my CD has seen a lot of use in my car. I recently purchased another copy from Amazon (much cheaper) because my first one was starting to get a bit worn.<br /><br />If you have seen the play you will enjoy this CD a good deal - it's filled with the songs but none of the conversations (well, the bits that are in the middle of songs are in there).<br /><br />If you haven't seen the play this may be a little confusing but the songs are good by themselves, just you may not be able to follow the plot as well as someone that has seen the play.<br /><br />The songs vary slightly from the live versions, but that's only because it seems, at least to me, that each location, Chicago or SF (the two places I've seen it) perform the scores just slightly differently based on the musically abilities of the leads.<br /><br />All and all it's a great CD and well worth having, more so if you enjoyed the play.
B002VPE1X4|5.0|Unfortunately, I don't have a small camera or other device (other than my cell phone) to test this with for its designed use, though it does seem like it would work great for a nice small camera or maybe a 3-ish inch GPS.<br /><br />I can tell you, however, that this works great for filling with nearly 6 pounds of lead shot to use as a small weight bag for a video DSLR shoulder rig.  I filled this bag fairly tightly with nice heavy lead shot in order to give my shoulder rig better balance with a camera and other equipment mounted up front.  The bag stretched to accept the load, but even after many hours of use bouncing around, attached via the nylon belt loop to my shoulder rig (also used to weigh down a tripod, and a light stand), the seams are still as tight as they day this came in the mail, with no permanent stretching or malformation.  The materials are also of very good quality, a nice thick neoprene (or at least neoprene-like material) will easily provide protection from minor bumps and scratches.<br /><br />This bag definitely won't let you down...unless maybe you try to cram 7+lb of lead shot in it!
1563898586|3.0|The idea is fantastic.<br />Take noticeable characters from other novels and smash them into a single novel, as a SWAT team.<br />To really appreciate the content, I think that the reader must have read the actual books (novels) Dracula, Captain Nemo, Jekyll and Hyde, and Sherlock Holmes, at the very minimum.<br />However, we are no longer in the age of weekly of monthly magazines.<br />If I am buying a GRAPHIC NOVEL (not a comic book) I expect to buy the whole novel that brings the story line to closure.<br />This volume 1 really does nothing else than introduce the characters, and not even all of them.<br />Unless you have read Bram Stoker's Dracula, you would not know why the lady character in the book is so important and special. Or even who she is! (Jonathan Harker's wife) I would have liked this volume 1 to have more content, because I have no patience to hope to buy 7 or 8 volumes to get the whole story.
0307269981|4.0|After reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo I was eager to begin The Girl who Played with Fire, Unfortunately as soon as the book began I was a little put off by Stieg Larsson's lack of knowledge in his attempt to illustrate the \\"hurricane\\" hitting Grenada. As a native Floridian, and a survivor of my fare share of hurricanes... some of the material was way off base. Number one, in case of a hurricane you NEVER go to a cellar. All of the houses in the Caribbean (and FL) are most of the time barley above sea level...and usually have foundation of coquina stone (a very hard material almost impossible to dig through). During a hurricane the last thing you would want to do would be go even further below sea level. The chance of drowning would be very high. Second, there is absolutely NO lightning during a hurricane. Any light source would be possibly from power lines tearing apart, and nothing else. Just thought I would clarify this information and see if anyone else questioned this as they were reading... But nevertheless I can't be too harsh on the guy...he is from Sweden.
B002FOQY2M|5.0|I love fun.  They are such a peppy band that you cannot help but enjoy listening to them.  They do a fantastic job of making the 80's relevant once again.  The vinyl edition just makes it all the better.  Buy this...right now.
0143034901|5.0|This is one of those books that leaves you staring at the last page for a while when you're done, just trying to process everything you've read.  I'll definitely need to read it again!
B001LF3YQK|5.0|I first purchased a \\"fancy\\" travel wipes holder and spent more than you'd like to know on it. In the end, it didn't hold enough wipes for a day's poops, and made everything it touched in my diaper bag wet from the wipes (it leaked). Then I smartened-up and purchased this Skip Hop travel wipes case, what a difference!!!  It holds more than double the amount of wipes than my old case, and does not leak! It's very easy to use with one hand, and best of all, you can attach it right to your stroller and use your wipes for spills and messes without digging through your diaper bag! I wish I had bought this item in the first place.
B003BKF696|5.0|I never really got into The National. Until now. I am almost finished listening to this album for the first time, and it is an incredible masterpiece of music. If you like alternative rock or good music of any variation, you must check out this album. 5 stars for The National. Can't wait to see them live at ACL 2010!
B002GY9F9K|5.0|My daughter & I have read all of the books in the Sword of Truth series. I bought two copies of this series of dvds for us both. We really enjoyed them and are both waiting patiently here in Australia for season 2 to be released.    The cast has played the characters in the books really well- Richard learning his skills as the adventure progresses, Kahlan as Richard's confessor & protector, Zedd the wizard with his wicked sense of humour, Chase as boundry warden & good friend, the Mordsith with the ability to torture unmercifully and of course Darken Rahl the ruthless Lord of the Midlands & Dhara.    If you are a fan of fantasy with magic,strange creatures,heroes & villians I would suggest to give this series  a \\"crack\\". ( In Australia this means \\"Give it a chance & you might enjoy it.)
B003PGNBO8|5.0|I watched Flashforward from day 1 and i have to say what a amazing show, The show is one of the best shows for many years, It keeps you on the edge of your seat so many twists and turns, This show has been wrongly cancelled it was stung by taking a break, It really does deserve a 2nd and more series, Fingers cross this will sell well and ABC come to there senses,     Buy it you wont be dissapointed
B0000AQS0F|4.0|Enjoyed this series very much. After only ever seeing 'Serenity' the movie, I was recommended by my daughter to  watch the series. It was very good, I enjoyed watching this cast of characters again and was dissapointed to find   only the one series was made.  Would recommend this series to all who enjoyed 'Serenity'.
B003FMTZOM|4.0|Christina's new album is fresh with attitude and great beats. She also has her ballads on there. A must have for any Christina Aguilera fan. Don't miss out on the bonus track from the deluxe version called \\"Bobblehead\\".
0385504225|4.0|Overall I liked this book. It started very quickly, and built to a fast paced finish. Saddly I found the revelations at the end overly predictable. However I found this to do little to detract from my overall enjoyment of the story. Whether you are a fan or first time reader of this author I highly recommend the book.
B00006L90T|4.0|As a lifelong devotee of the horror film, I can unequivocably state that this is one of the most creepy films I have ever seen. For sheer atmosphere, perhaps only the original Night of the Living Dead comes close. The fact that it is shot in black and white adds much to its power.<br /><br />Unlike today's horror, which relies overmuchly on depictions of limbs being torn off, bare-midriffed female protagonists, fountaining gore and everyone using four-letter-words several times per sentence, this film here strips things down to the bare bone and gives one a dose of pure psychological horror completely devoid of so much of one frame of cheesy CGI! Amazing! This, my friends, is HOW IT IS DONE. The \\"it\\" in question being, scaring you to death.<br /><br />Images from this film will stay with you after it is over. Long before the end of the film it is obvious that the protagonist is doomed; all that remain are the details and they are upsetting indeed. Eerie, sad, and yet subtle... the essence of alienation. And oh yeah... a great example of why looking out of windows after dark is a REALLY bad idea >:-) I am rating four stars only because of some minor flaws such as too much screen time being devoted to stuff like people packing suitcases and driving, etc. I hope they never seriously remake this; a classic should not be messed with unless it can be done better, and I seriously doubt that it can. This is a must-see for fans of the horror genre.
0553381407|5.0|This is a very good book to read if you had parents like these in the book.  It has helped me a lot.  I wish I had read it a long time ago.
B003QNXPUK|3.0|I've purchased many of Zagg's shields for various devices, such as PSP, iPod Touch, and Garmin navigation.  They make a great product, even though install can be difficult the first time you install one of their screen protectors.  At this point, it's old hat to me and I have no problems installing them.    Let me just say that I was not pleased with this iPhone 4 cover.  Installation is on par with other Zagg shields.  I got a perfect install on mine, but the shield actually started shrinking after a few days.  Gaps of 2-3 millimeters began appearing on all sides of the shield, leaving the iPhone exposed.  Then one day I reached into my pocket to pull out the phone and half of the back shield just pulled off, distorting the shield and making it completely unusable.      For the price, this shouldn't happen AT ALL, and especially not when the the install was perfect.  The actual protection for these shields is great; you can scrap keys and other sharp objects across the shield and you won't have to worry about the device being damaged.    It's possible I just got a dud, but I'd be wary nonetheless.
0307454541|5.0|Mikael Blomkvist was a financial investigative reporter, and publisher, for Millennium magazine. That was until he was convicted of libel after he published an article on Swedish businessman Hans-Erik Wennerstr&ouml;m. For that, he is to spend three months in prison and pay a hefty fine. His career as a journalist is in serious doubt and he resigns from his position of publisher of Millennium. However, a Swedish industialist, Henrick Vanger commissions him to write his biography and that of his company Vanger Corporation. The commission will provide him with a substantial payday. Henrick, however, has an ulterior motive; years ago, his grand niece, Harriet Vanger, went missing and is presumed dead. He would like Mikael to turn his investigative eye on that incident, to determine who in his family murdered her.<br /><br />The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, by Stieg Larsson, is much like a locked room murder mystery. On the day Harriet went missing, an accident tied up traffic on the only access point from the island where the Vanger family was holding a meeting. All of the Vanger clan was present and there was no way on or off the island for several hours. Yet, Harriet's body was never found. As he writes the biography, Mikael discovers he has a need for a very good research assistant, and is recommended to contact Lisabeth Salander, a \\"strange\\" twenty-four year old, more at home in front of her computer than dealing with others. The relationship starts on rocky ground, as it is revealed that Lisabeth performed a very thorough background check of Mikael for Henrick Vanger. It is an interesting pairing, one that begins to uncover a truth that may turn deadly.<br /><br />Stieg Larsson crafted a complex, well executed mystery with excellent characters. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo starts slowly, which may tax some readers. It is also rather complex, especially when dealing with the extended Vanger family. To alleviate some confusion, a Vanger family tree is included, thankfully, and will be used many times during reading. For some readers, dealing with Swedish names and places may also pose some challenges. However, after the first 100 pages, or so, it gets much easier. And much more rewarding. Mikael and Lisabeth are excellent characters; complex, interesting, unforgettable, and one's with which the reader empathize. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo keeps your interest, and keeps you reading long past a normal hour, due to the story arcs; the history of the Vanger family, Mikael's resurrection as an investigative journalist, Lisabeth's attitudes and maturation, and the mystery of Harriet Vanger. Highly recommended.<br /><br />Disclosure:<br />Obtained from: Book store<br />Payment: Purchasedbe used many times during reading. For some readers, dealing with Swedish names and places may also pose some challenges. However, after the first 100 pages, or so, it gets much easier. And much more rewarding. Mikael and Lisabeth are excellent characters; complex, interesting, unforgettable, and one's with which the reader empathize. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo keeps your interest, and keeps you reading long past a normal hour, due to the story arcs; the history of the Vanger family, Mikael's resurrection as an investigative journalist, Lisabeth's attitudes and maturation, and the mystery of Harriet Vanger. Highly recommended.    Disclosure:   Obtained from: Book store  Payment: Purchased
B003C1QIO6|4.0|This music is great! I love Jack Johnson, and though this music is a bit different, I really like it. I've had it going in my car stereo for more than a week, and because of the various tunes, it doesn't get boring! :-)
1423113381|1.0|Well looks like I am writing the minority report here but I found this to be one of the most boring children's literature books I've read in a long, long time.  It felt like a grad student simply grabbed a book on Egyptian mythology and mechanically retold every story while trying to make it hip for a modern day audience. And frankly, I didn't even follow most of the myths since the action was so overdone it just got in the way of the author's meager attempt at having a plot.  The myths were just a random list of names and fights.     The book drags on and on and on.  I mean every chapter was the exact same formula: two kids face a monster and to escape it they have to morph into some other life form.  Along the way they meet some god or other who might be good or might be evil. Then they wake up tired in a new city and do it all over again. And again.  Who are these kids to show no range of emotion or intellect?  Very odd.    There is no depth to this book whatsoever.  No coming of age, no passion for anything, no personal growth, no life lessons, nothing other then endless, pointless monster fighting. For 528 long pages.  Almost felt like a computer-generated book.  Not something a real author would write.    My 9-year old daughter read it for her book club.  The majority of her friends thought it was boring, as did the parents.  If we hadn't had to read it for book club, we would never have bothered to finish it.    Life's short.  Read something that will feed your soul.  Not this drivel.
B000AM4PBS|5.0|Have not been sorry one minute that I bought this.  I can't say how many times I have watched all ten seasons.  This collector's edition is a must for any true \\"Friends\\" fan.
0545123283|5.0|If you haven't read SHIVER then I very much recommend you do so. The sequel to SHIVER, LINGER, did not disappoint and it even went beyond my expectations. This isn't a story to swallow up but rather to savor. This story isn't about the action (although there is some pretty climatic stuff going on but I'll just leave that out so you can find out on your own) but more about the details. The small details of everyday life (including cutting one's toenails) are portrayed in a beautiful way to make the characters feel more real. I loved having more insight and seeing what happens to Sam and Grace as their relationship grows, and I was pleasantly surprised to have fallen in love with Cole and Isabel's perspective too. I love their moodiness and angst, what with Cole's suicidal tendencies and Isabel agonizing with guilt. These four characters have an incredible dynamic on the page and I'm already excited to see what happens to them in FOREVER. The only bummer I felt when reading this book was the knowledge that I was going to have to wait too long for my liking for the third book. So when I say hurry up and go read this book...well, maybe you don't want to hurry too much...
159102594X|5.0|I've read all the books in this series and highly recommend them if you are looking for a great action series.  This book and the next two in the series have great pacing that will keep you turning pages.  What impressed me about Abercrombie's writing was his willingness to continually write the shock factor into his characters.  Just when you think you have a character figured out, they throw you for a loop and you have to rethink your opinion of the character.  Can't recall another series that did this so well.  So far I have enjoyed all his books look forward to future projects.
B000002J6H|4.0|Who the heck is Gavin McNett?   Neil Young may be untouchable.  And as much as I like Crosby and Nash.  Let's see, Suite Judy Blue Eyes, Helplessly Hoping versus Long Time Gone and Lady of the Island?
B003NX76BM|1.0|Probably my least favorite Nora Roberts book ever. I did not like Simon.  I thought he was rude and at times just mean,  the story line was good but the characters just were not fun to know.  Only read this if you have to read everything Nora Roberts writes.
B000026CZJ|4.0|There are few pianist with such a vast recording catalogue as the sympathetic Russian pianist Vladimir Ashkenazy. The problem I have with many of these recordings, is that although they are all very well played, for many of the recorded works better versions by others pianists are available. Don't get me wrong, I value Vladimir Ashkenazy very highly, and I still remember an unforgettable live concerts some years ago, but well, I have to be honest.  Back to this recording: although these beautiful Tchaikovsky pieces are very well played, I am missing some (Russian?) character, some muscial \\"storytelling\\",  as found in for example Gilels, Richter, Berman.   Also, I found the piano used for this recording rather metallic when playing above forte.   Well, quite a lot of (soft) criticism, so why four stars? That's because, it's still a very good recording. So I just save a star for the better recordings.    You might not agree with the above, so why not buy and decide for yourself?
030726999X|5.0|Loved \\"The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.\\"  Was my favorite book of the year or maybe 10 years until I read this one.  Now \\"Hornet's Nest\\" is.<br /><br />Think page turner, up till all hours of the night trying to squeeze in one more page, twists and turns that surprise you time and time again, and multiple stories going on that you just don't want to end.<br /><br />The characters are now all good friends of mine having lived life with them.  That is how real they become thanks to Stieg's amazing talents.<br /><br />I have now read the trilogy and am at a loss as to what to read next.  Every book I have started since pales in comparison to these for me.  Stieg's trilogy is as entertaining as reading can get IMO.<br /><br />*******Just realized that I had \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\"  in mind when I wrote this.  Fact is this review describes my experience with all three books.  Loved them all but of the three, this one was my favorite by a hair.*******
B00159UUZA|4.0|This was a huge hit with my daughter, in good condition and she loves it!
B003ODL004|5.0|Director Chris Nolan tells, in the CD booklet, of the night he received a phone call from Zimmer, and how Zimmer played for him, for the first time, his concept of the theme for this film. After demonstrating his work, Nolan recalls that Zimmer picked the phone back up and commented: \\"That's all I got. And I can't figure out where it goes from here.\\" Nolan thought to himself: \\"It doesn't go anywhere. It's already there.\\" Indeed, this work is \\"there.\\"    Hans Zimmer has been scoring films for nearly twenty-five years, yet his style and technique continue to mature; his work never grows stale, and there is always something new to offer with each new score. This work is a wide-ranging one. There is quite a bit of slow, almost relaxing music (particularly the beginning of track 10, \\"Waiting For A Train). There is also a great deal of pulse-pounding action music. One of the most incredible, stunning pieces on the disc is track 3, \\"Dream Is Collapsing,\\" which subtly builds upon itself from a simple 3/4 rhythm into a full-on, hair-raising, spine-tingling action piece. The composition ends, all too soon, with track 12, \\"Time,\\" which at the end retreats to the piano and strings until it sounds very much like a lullaby -- a concept that is absolutely profound when one considers the film's subject.    I tend to compare all of Zimmer's post-2000 work with his score for \\"Gladiator,\\" which was to me his bench-mark score. I always wonder, when opening the wrapper on a \\"my new Zimmer,\\" as I refer to the discs: \\"Is it going to be better than 'Gladiator'?\\" The depth of his score for \\"Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End\\" may have done just that; \\"Sherlock Holmes,\\" although bearing a very different sound, also hit the nail on the end. This score certainly comes close to \\"Gladiator\\" in its originality, style, and execution. (There are times when I wish Zimmer would again collaborate with and employ haunting Lisa Gerrard or Lisbeth Scott-style vocals, as those pieces in his earlierwork 'take the cake,' but that is simply a \\"wish-list\\" thought.)    This score does not disappoint... it inspires, it drives, it lives a life all its own. This is one of Zimmer's finest works (on a long list of fine works).
B001E45XT4|4.0|These headphones were amazing for the price that they are at! 24 dollars for nice over the ear headphones. But it is not really noise canceling but when you turn the sound on all the noise goes away. But for the price they are a great deal!
B002R0F3Q2|4.0|Love the album!<br />Alicia Keys has always looked to push the envelope as an artist and she does her thing with The Element of Freedom.  Mostly bought the CD for the song Empire State of Mind Pt. 2, which is a bit different from the Jay-Z version, a bit more powerful in my honest opinion.  Not a bad buy.
B0030IIZ1A|5.0|Fast shipping and item was exactly as described.  Price was much better than big box retailers.
B001UV4XFG|4.0|First of all it is the best twilight movie ever. The action was on target, the characters were more believable this time.  This movie can almost make up for the last two.    The Cullens - you can clearly see the different styles of directing in each movie.  I believe the director gave them(the actors) a bit more freedom to have fun with their character case and point Jasper.  This character is so much more cooler now than in the last two movies. He is isn't so stiff any more.  Edward is much cooler now too, the last two movies never showed much of his humor and his emotions..yes he has emotions...    Bella - much much  better, she seems more human now....    Hats off to the production team and the cast..   It is worth every penny.
B00005R24G|5.0|Saw this film so many years ago and was entranced by it then coming as it does from a remarkably well crafted stage play,by one of our best playwrights,Anthony Shaffer.What really draws you in is the battle of wits between the older,more erudite,class conscious gentleman Andrew Wyke(Olivier),whose games-playing hides his snobbery against those like Milo Tyndale(Michael Caine),from poorer back grounds,who betray their non-Englishness,and lack of ability to match Wyke in gamesmanship.Tyndale is perceived as a social-climbing, wop hairdresser,who steals other men's wives. Olivier plays a famous author of detective stories who plans to out wit his wife's lover by inviting him to his country house where he emulates his own fictional hero.He appeals to his vanity by roping him into a plausible scheme of a robbery from his house safe to enrich them both.He really wants to humiliate him.    What really had me watching was the contrast in acting styles between Olivier and Caine.Olivier coming from a great tradition of stage acting, playing Henry V,Othello,Richard III,Hamlet and Lear,transferring them to film and then going on to do parts in cinema like Heathcliffe,act in Marathon Man as a Nazi or a detective in Bunny Lake is Missing.Caine,the young new talent in British cinema with Zulu,Alfie,Harry Palmer ,The Italian Job and Get Carter. His acting was hard-boiled,down-to-earth,suave,well tailored to an inarticulate,yet good-looking modernity.Caine's acting was basically playing himself,a form of non-acting.A contrast then between the verbose,athletic and animated Olivier,with all his capacity for nuance,subtlety,emotion,and Caine's taciturnity,playing shallow, aggressive,hedonists.Caine was put on his guard straight away,pitting his acting chops against the man most ennobled in his professionalism.The film lives up to this with Olivier playing with all the animus and bile of Richard III,condescending to Caine's apprentice learner,whose previous greatest lines-\\"You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off!\\"-do not prepare for him turning the tables on the Master,especially his Inspector Doppler.     I loved the energetic use of the stage set,the moving puppets, the swirling toys,the laughing man who seems to make his victim laugh on the wrong side of their face.That these two hold one's attention for the best part of 2.5 hours is remarkable.The directing extraordinary by Mankeiwitz and the screenplay by Shaffer.These two actors were made to play opposite each other in a way never done before and never seen since.Brilliant fun in a stage house full of props,costumes,eccentric toys and stuffed animals,not forgetting the maze.An ingenious detective thriller combines suspense and surprise with a witty burlesque of the genre itself.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Jillian is an evil woman because she kills you in this workout! But it really is good for you. I recommend it.
B002XMGGK6|5.0|This movie was amazing, keep my attention the whole time.  Definitely worth watching over and over again.
B001OQCV6A|3.0|I expected a bit more from Downey and Law, but the movie was a fun experience for a one-time ride. I think Downey does for Sherlock Holmes what Johnny Depp did for Pirates of the Caribbean...just not as well. You tend to notice his little mannerisms and quirks in this movie so he resembles Depp. Interestingly enough though, Jude Law's Watson keeps him in check when he goes too far. There's a bit of whimsical idiocy here, which keeps you laughing just when you think there's a dull moment to be had. The plot is pretty simple and I won't give anything away, but I feel that this is one of those movies that you either watch in the theater once, or you buy the dvd and watch it on occasion. Not great but not bad.
0061703257|5.0|Now I don't generally read a lot of mystery/suspense thriller type stories unless they are heavy on the psychodrama, so I wasn't entirely sure what I was getting into with this one. I heard the movie was lousy, and to me, the trailers almost made it seem like it had some paranormal aspect to the story. I wasn't sure if it was a horror, a mystery, or what, but, as a general rule, I always like to read a book before I see a movie. I found the ebook price to be reasonable, so I decided to give it a shot. I was familiar with Lehane by way of Mystic River, which I enjoyed immensely, so I thought it was a safe bet that I wouldn't be too disappointed.<br /><br />What I found was a plot so tight and so tense you could bounce a coin off of it. What started out feeling like a detective story turned into one of the most frightening psych dramas I have read in a while, and I didn't see the end coming: it just slams into you out of nowhere. But what was even more frightening was the very up close and personal look we get at the psychiatric field in the 1950s, back when lobotomies were standard practice and homosexuality was treated with shock therapy, which they innocuously termed \\"conversion therapy.\\"<br /><br />Our book starts it's tangled rather deceptive plotline as a Detective Story. It's 1954 and US Marshals Teddy Daniels and Chuck Aule are assigned to Ashcliffe -- a small island Mental Hospital in the Massachusetts outer harbour -- to investigate the issue of a missing patient. Actually, Ashcliffe is more of a federal prison for the criminally insane. During the course of the investigation, it becomes apparent that the staff of Aschcliffe are hiding something and that the lives of Marshals Daniels and Aule are very much in danger.<br /><br />There is a lot going on in this story. Teddy Daniels is suffering over the loss of his wife to a house fire, and his ulterior motive for getting himself assigned to the island is that he heard the pyromaniac/arsonist who burned his house down currently resides at the facility. Also, after much covert investigation, Teddy has come to conclusion they the staff at the hospital are using their patients for experimental research reminiscent of the Nazi regime. However, everything is mere illusion, when the real story comes slamming into you about two-thirds of the way into the book, you will stand up and shout, \\"No freakin' way!!!\\" like I did. The critics called it a mind-bending plot twist, and I have to agree with them on that.<br /><br />Lehane's writing is typical for the genre. It's about storytelling, so most of the mainstream writing you find in this genre can't be considered great prose styling, but then again, it isn't meant to be. Shutter Island is a plot-driven thriller for most of the book. Even so, it adequately explores a wide range of emotion: fear, obsession, paranoia, and so the  complex plotline plays into those emotions. It's very disorienting, and there is a solid reason why, but I won't spoil it for those who have not read it.<br /><br />Beyond the psychology, what really stood out for me was how the story explored the social attitudes of the time. It was Cold War USA, and there was a lot of prejudice against minorities, more specifically, the mentally ill. There is a scene in which Teddy finally runs into the elusive Warden for the first time and the conversation they have is so truly frightening I got the chills. For those who are sensitive to the \\"N\\" word, in this scene we get a rather graphic view of humanity's less than compassionate attitudes with regards to race, poverty, and the mentally ill, so be prepared for it. Some of America's historical attitudes are not pleasant. Unpleasantness aside, there is something insightful and telling on just about every page.<br /><br />Even after reaching the end of the book where all the \\"realities\\" of the story are exposed, the author still draws the reader back into the delusion in the final pages. The intricate plotting was quite brilliant. You will think you know what's going on, and then, just like our main character Teddy, you will find your entire world turned around on you.<br /><br />There were some spots where the writing felt a bit clunky to read, mostly in the dialog, but it was easily overlooked, and I actually loved how Lehane worked in the rather lengthy exposition in the end. I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes psychodramas, cop stories, and thrillers. It hits all the marks.ing on, and then, just like our main character Teddy, you will find your entire world turned around on you.     There were some spots where the writing felt a bit clunky to read, mostly in the dialog, but it was easily overlooked, and I actually loved how Lehane worked in the rather lengthy exposition in the end. I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes psychodramas, cop stories, and thrillers. It hits all the marks.
B000002LRX|5.0|Perfection. Period. If you don't know what I'm talking about then you're here by accident.
B00005JN4H|3.0|\\"Taxi\\" is a ridiculous movie based on a series of ridiculous French films by Luc \\"Transporter\\" Besson.  I don't know what aspect of the story is the most bizarre: that the New York banks are being robbed by Portuguese bikini models, Queen Latifah having bike skills that'll pounce Mat Hoffman, a taxicab that acts like a transformer, or Jimmy Fallon as a cop?  My money's on Jimmy Fallon.  In fact, if there's one thing that would ruin an otherwise run-of-the-mill popcorn flick, it would be that guy.  His attempt at comedy is about as effective at tickling my funny bone as a sledgehammer, and it's just as painful.  His character does nothing but cause problems instead of solving them: he can't drive a car, he charges into enemy headquarters, and he patronizing with armed criminals.  He's an insignificant nuisance, and even if he does grow out of these problems with the help of a Natalie Cole song, he's still a humorless character with no trace of charm; I sorta wished Jennifer Esposito's character (wearing a low-cut top for a lieutenant) would just fire him at his first offense.<br /><br />Why couldn't this movie be all about Queen Latifah?  Her wisecracks need to be diminished, but she's more than capable in getting the job done on her own.  She knows where she had to go, she has her people to scout the area, she understands the mind of a criminal, and she drives like Nascar; that woman's a better cop that Fallon is, and she's just a cabbie.  I know this set-up of the incompetant/competent pair is deliberate, but all this incompetent fellow did was look at a map.  If the movie has to be another ebony-and-ivory buddy cop flick, why couldn't she team up with Mel Gibson?  He may be controversial in recent times, but I can trust that psycho over this comedian.<br /><br />As far as \\"Taxi\\" goes, the sensual nature of the villains and the cast made it too silly, and too much of its humor is about two leads arguing; they're not funny, and they go on like clockwork.  But the car chases were entertaining, even if they are absurdly planned.  But as absurd as the movie is, it's a fun distraction of an absurdity, same as \\"Hudson Hawk\\".tertaining, even if they are absurdly planned.  But as absurd as the movie is, it's a fun distraction of an absurdity, same as \\"Hudson Hawk\\".
0439023483|3.0|I find the theme of violence as a form of mass entertainment most interesting and poignant feature of this book.  This is a relevant reflection on our modern culture where public excessive/dramatic/blatant confrontations and exposures seem to have been replacing analyses and dialogues, evidenced by the populatiry of certain shows and radio programs, and so called Dr. programs where professional credits of the hosts are not as important as their ability to bark loud and dismiss dramatically.  It is also evidenced by increasingly violent computer games--grandauto theft (?), and all the war games--It has been a rather speedy progression from Pac Man, Centipedes eating dots, don't you think? (I don't know who to thank for this progressive evolution of humanity and useful application of resources and technology)  I am giving only 3 stars because although I agree that the violence is an absolute necessity of the story,  it is rather ironic that the author of this book also seems to use violence excessviely as a focal interest of this book, which I find problematic and decreases the poignancy of the characters.  I also felt that some turns in the story (I won't spoil) seem a bit too Hollywood, meaning, put in there to force (manipulate) rollercoaster emotions in the reader.(I heard that this may be made into a movie, surprise, surprise! how brilliantly ironic if true!)  This wasn't a bad book, but I think there are better books on dystopia--The Giver, The Handamaid's Tale, for example.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|James Cameron has done it again! Not only did this movie entertain me, but it  left me craving for more. This special effects were absolutely stunning making people think they were actually on pandora! The lush vegetation and wildlife really drew me into the whole pandora theme.            James Cameron really hit the bullseye with this film, since it made 2.7 billion worldwide. I can't wait for the sequel, \\"Avatar: Into the Deep\\" which Cameron will start making after Battle Angels. Hope he can capture my mind the way he did the first one!
B00362DRQS|4.0|If you're a fan of the Notorious band Duran Duran, then this box set of Seven And The Ragged Tiger is a must-have! The re-released and re-mastered audio CDs along with bonus tracks and tons of near remixes sound amazing and clean. The DVD with videos from the era of this album plus a few before and after to fill the space make a great collector's item as well and are a fun watch if you want to be transported right back to the 80's to relive the bizarre era of concept videos and DD's specific anthem-style videography. Also includes some interesting throwbacks like individual mini-posters of each of the band members which came with a rare edition of the original LP album, includes the jewel case booklet from the original CD case as well. The box is well produced, neatly printed, and conveniently fits into any CD rack. Excellent buy!
B000E1YVZU|4.0|I was a big fan of Rent on Broadway, and so when the movie was in theaters, I felt compelled to go see it. I love the film, and the motion picture soundtrack, but I feel like an element is still lost if it's not viewed on a huge screen.
030745455X|5.0|This is a great book.  I recommend reading the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo first.  You should also be ready to read the Girl who kicked the Hornets Nest, because Fire ends with a bit of a cliff hanger.
0316017922|3.0|Interesting read with many studies and examples to prove a simple point. \\"You have to be very lucky to be successful\\".  The author proves through many examples and studies that lot of factors totally out of your control need to come together to make you successful.  Once these factors come together then the next factor that is in your control is the amount of hard work that you put in.  The story of Bill Gates is used as a backdrop to explain that all the factors that provided Bill Gates the opportunity to program code for thousand of hours at a very early age were completely out of Bill Gates' control.  This book definitely gives a different perspective to personal success and if you get the concept with Bill Gates' example then you can pretty much skip the entire book.
0399156577|2.0|I believe this book is around 488 pages which, in my opinion, was 400 pages too long.  Waaaaaay too much of this book was about dog training.  I love dogs.  I even have a few of my own.  That said, if I wanted to read about dog training I would have picked up an appropriate manual.  I just really felt that overall there was too much filler.  The relationship between the main characters was eh, not enough for me to recommend this book to someone.
0545123283|4.0|Warning: This review will contain spoilers for the previous book, Shiver. There's simply no good way to discuss Linger without them. There may be a few mild spoilers for this book as well.<br /><br />You could stop with Shiver. You really could. It ends on a tentative note of happiness, and it's easy to imagine that everything worked out OK after that. Sure, there are a few loose ends: Isabel's dad is still itching to shoot some wolves, the lycanthropy cure is incredibly dangerous and might have unintended consequences, and Grace and Sam have developed a relationship that they're still considered too young to have. But you could turn the last page of Shiver and be satisfied, and hopeful for Grace and Sam's future.<br /><br />In Linger, Maggie Stiefvater takes all those loose ends and unravels them further. This is a darker book, and a messier one. By that, I don't mean the writing is messy. I mean the characters' lives are messy, and in ways that won't be easily resolved. As I finished reading Linger, I found myself wondering how Stiefvater will write her way out of the situation she has set up -- and there's always the possibility that she *won't*, and that it will end tragically for our protagonists.<br /><br />The story picks up a few months after Shiver ends. Stiefvater, as usual, does a stellar job of immersing us in the season. Shiver is a winter book; the faerie novel Ballad is an autumn book, and Linger is set in the first, muddy days of spring. Nature is almost a character in its own right in Stiefvater's books, and the reader can never forget what time of year the events are taking place.<br /><br />Grace and Sam have settled into a comfortable relationship, but Sam is still trying to wrap his mind around the idea of being cured, of actually having a future as a human being. Meanwhile, Grace is experiencing strange symptoms of illness, and Isabel has found a dead wolf at the edge of her family's property, cause of death unknown. Into this mix comes a new character, Cole, who in his late teens is already a washed-up rock star. He rose to fame rapidly, then crashed and burned just as spectacularly, and would have died of an overdose if he hadn't been bitten and turned into a werewolf.<br /><br />Stiefvater's plots tend to be of the slow-burn variety, and this is no exception. There's a lot of talking and a lot of introspection, but this is how Stiefvater builds up her characters so that the reader is fully invested in them by the time all hell breaks loose. It took me a little while to warm to Cole; he's been an arrogant, self-pitying SOB for years and doesn't change overnight. He does become more palatable once he meets Isabel. She has just the right type of personality to stand up to him, and by the end, he becomes a character worth rooting for.<br /><br />It does get a little frustrating watching the characters make mistake after mistake. There were times I wanted to shout through the pages at the characters. Even Isabel, who's usually the sensible one in this bunch, is still feeding wolves on her family's land even though she knows her dad wants some more heads for his trophy room. Yet the characters' mistakes are understandable, even when the reader can see what the consequences will likely be.<br /><br />The plot gathers steam slowly but inexorably, finally building to a moment when an impossible choice must be made. Stiefvater is so good at these moments! I'll admit, though, I liked Shiver a little bit better. Part of that is that, well, I'm a sap. I liked the ending of that book. If Shiver is a fairy tale of sorts, Linger has more of the untidiness of real life (despite the fantasy elements). I also liked that Shiver, unlike Linger, could be read as a stand-alone. Linger is clearly setting up at least one more sequel and possibly more. I hope Olivia comes back for the next one!teens is already a washed-up rock star. He rose to fame rapidly, then crashed and burned just as spectacularly, and would have died of an overdose if he hadn't been bitten and turned into a werewolf.    Stiefvater's plots tend to be of the slow-burn variety, and this is no exception. There's a lot of talking and a lot of introspection, but this is how Stiefvater builds up her characters so that the reader is fully invested in them by the time all hell breaks loose. It took me a little while to warm to Cole; he's been an arrogant, self-pitying SOB for years and doesn't change overnight. He does become more palatable once he meets Isabel. She has just the right type of personality to stand up to him, and by the end, he becomes a character worth rooting for.    It does get a little frustrating watching the characters make mistake after mistake. There were times I wanted to shout through the pages at the characters. Even Isabel, who's usually the sensible one in this bunch, is still feeding wolves on her family's land even though she knows her dad wants some more heads for his trophy room. Yet the characters' mistakes are understandable, even when the reader can see what the consequences will likely be.    The plot gathers steam slowly but inexorably, finally building to a moment when an impossible choice must be made. Stiefvater is so good at these moments! I'll admit, though, I liked Shiver a little bit better. Part of that is that, well, I'm a sap. I liked the ending of that book. If Shiver is a fairy tale of sorts, Linger has more of the untidiness of real life (despite the fantasy elements). I also liked that Shiver, unlike Linger, could be read as a stand-alone. Linger is clearly setting up at least one more sequel and possibly more. I hope Olivia comes back for the next one!
B000YAA68C|5.0|Which usually I'm not into despite being a chick. However, I do like Butler. Be sure to watch the scene they cut of him at the travel agency. He's hilarious. It made up for the crying I did every ten minutes during the movie. Oh year, you'll need a box of tissues. And I'm not even the emotional type! The supporting cast is awesome, especially Kathy Bates. Harry Connick Jr. is adorable as always.
B000056IKS|5.0|There's definitely a reason Neu! isn't more well-known and has in fact remained a cult band for all these years- simply put, this kind of music isn't for everyone.  We're talking about repetitive and minimalistic drum beats that never seem to end.  They just keep going and going for several minutes without letting up.  Now here's the thing that makes Neu! interesting and a distinct step above the rest.    It's completely true you could probably bore yourself to tears focusing on JUST the rhythm section alone (which loses its appeal after a couple minutes when you realize it's not changing any, and if the rhythm *does* eventually change, it's not a particularly radical one).   It's the way the band constantly implements extraordinary ideas over top of a steady rhythm that makes the music of Neu so appealing.  At least, to me personally that's why I enjoy this record.  Perhaps someone else has another reason why they like it so much.    These \\"ideas\\" are not really guitar solos or anything normal that you've been exposed to several times by other bands- it's a constant neverending display of hypnotic sound effects.  It seems to work -at least for this particular outing- every single time.    This is definitely a perfect description of \\"mind trip\\" music.  As you let the drums and the rhythm section absorb into your brain, you begin to focus on some of the other things taking place.  Those \\"other things\\" is quite the unique question.  What ARE you hearing?    Well, for me, in a song like \\"Negativland\\", I'm hearing what sounds like a combination of highly unusual metal clanging sounds one minute, and soaring airplane noises the next.    Now what's cool about the whole experience is how it's not actually noise at all.  Okay, maybe if you remove the drums and focus exclusively on the sounds taking place in the background, it'd qualify as nothing but noise.  Somehow, these effects work extremely well.    I don't know if maybe the band members just had a lot of talent and knew exactly what they were doing, or maybe they didn't have a clue that people would remember this stuff years later.    Maybe Neu was secretly well aware that in order to guarantee their music would succeed, they needed to take a rhythm section that any common person would be able to enjoy, and add adventurous experimentation over top of it.  It just so happens that what they were doing hadn't been done before (at least, up to that point in time).    Whatever the case, this is most definitely a fascinating listen.  It's NOT noise for the sake of noise.    It's obvious flaw however, is that it's hard to really differentiate one song from the next.  You're exposed to so many similar or downright identical drum beats and noises, that it's easy to get one confused with another.  You can probably fix this problem over the course of several listens, however doing so is a tougher task in this particular case compared to more normal music.  Do you *feel* like being challenged in this particular way?  It's your call.  The bottom line- this is the kind of music where it's incredibly important to focus on other things besides the drums all the time.  Otherwise you'd go crazy!
B003BZXHX8|2.0|I think Barbra has a GREAT singing voice. And that's what I wanted in this concert. Sad part was, it's about an hour and a half long and she only does 13 songs, with LOTS of talk between each song. Not my idea of a great concert.    The \\"concert\\" takes place in the Village at a small place where she got her start. Only a little more than 130 people can even fit in the place. Oh, it's filled all right, but mostly with her friends (including ex-President Clinton, his wife Hillary, and their daughter Chelsea). It's as though everyone attending is \\"honored\\" to be in the audience just to see her.    I'm sure there are much better \\"concert DVDs\\" featuring MS. Streisand on them. I strongly suggest saving your money on this one.
030726999X|4.0|Started off very slow, but gains steam after the halfway point. I really liked how Larsson wrapped up the series.
B002SSUQFG|4.0|This is a nice little entry level automatic watch. Upon opening the box it came in the first thing I noticed was the size of the watch itself and the band. The watch itself is somewhat small but not too bad. its slightly larger than a quarter. The band however is much smaller than I expected. I have tiny wrists so It doesn't bother me too much but someone with a larger wrist may find it odd looking; it's really just preference and shouldn't make or break the deal as the band can easily be swapped out. The watch has a nice heavy weight to it and doesn't feel cheap like some other larger automatics I have. One strange thing I noticed right away when I picked up my watch was that the weight that spins the mainspring slides against the interior of the watch as I move it. So I can feel the weight as it moves around. This doesn't bother me but I hope its normal and doesn't mean I got a faulty watch. Everything is working fine at the moment (I've only been wearing it for a day) and I see no other problems or peeves about the watch. I'll break down the pros and cons here:<br /><br />(PROS)<br />+ Overall nice looking watch. As most watches; the picture online just doesn't do it justice.<br />+ Watch has a nice weight to it.<br />+ It's an automatic for under $100; thats a bargain, especially for a Seiko.<br />+ The luminous hands are pretty good and last for a good 20 minutes. (Not as good as a Seiko Monster but what do  you expect)<br />+ Comes with a 3 year warranty (although the retailer warranty card I received was not filled out by Amazon, not sure if this matters)<br /><br />(Cons)<br />- Both the watch's body and strap were smaller than I expected.<br />- Hardlex glass is not exactly the best material, it suffices but Mineral would've been better. Sapphire is good too but thats a little too much to ask for in a watch of this caliber.<br />- Grindy mainspring weight.<br />- Malaysian movement. Although it says this watch has a Japanese movement in the specs; There is a Malaysian movement in them. I believe these are designed in Japan and built or assembled in Malaysia; either way the movement is definitely not made & assembled in Japan. If this was already common knowledge I apologize.<br />- Water resistance is sub-par. This watch should at least have the ability to withstand swimming and not just be resistant to minor splashes.<br /><br />All in all it seems like a nice watch. As long as that weight isn't defective and its normal everything should be fine. I'll post an update eventually to let you know how its held up over time.<br /><br />*** Update<br />I've been wearing the watch almost everyday for a few weeks now. It's kept time perfectly only gaining a couple seconds a day. It's by far the most accurate automatic I own; even more than some of my Swiss ETA movements. As far as the quality of the watch it seems almost perfect. I love the size and look of it. The Hardlex has held up and I still have no scratches on the dial or caseback (More time will tell how well it really holds up) The only problem I have with this watch is that it seems theres still some friction between the weight and the inside of the watch body. This has been causing it to sometimes keep the weight stationary at some points rather than spin around as it should. It still spins with enough force but some normal hand movements have not been enough to keep the weight moving. That being said it hasn't been a big enough problem to cause the watch to stop on me. It still keeps ticking long after ive put it down. After some research I realized this watch uses the same movement as the famous Seiko Monster & is a bit of a workhorse for seiko.a Malaysian movement in them. I believe these are designed in Japan and built or assembled in Malaysia; either way the movement is definitely not made & assembled in Japan. If this was already common knowledge I apologize.<br />- Water resistance is sub-par. This watch should at least have the ability to withstand swimming and not just be resistant to minor splashes.<br /><br />All in all it seems like a nice watch. As long as that weight isn't defective and its normal everything should be fine. I'll post an update eventually to let you know how its held up over time.<br /><br />*** Update<br />I've been wearing the watch almost everyday for a few weeks now. It's kept time perfectly only gaining a couple seconds a day. It's by far the most accurate automatic I own; even more than some of my Swiss ETA movements. As far as the quality of the watch it seems almost perfect. I love the size and look of it. The Hardlex has held up and I still have no scratches on the dial or caseback (More time will tell how well it really holds up) The only problem I have with this watch is that it seems theres still some friction between the weight and the inside of the watch body. This has been causing it to sometimes keep the weight stationary at some points rather than spin around as it should. It still spins with enough force but some normal hand movements have not been enough to keep the weight moving. That being said it hasn't been a big enough problem to cause the watch to stop on me. It still keeps ticking long after ive put it down. After some research I realized this watch uses the same movement as the famous Seiko Monster & is a bit of a workhorse for seiko.
0307346617|1.0|I got this book with high hopes because of all the positive reviews. When I first started reading the book I was immediately addicted. But half way through the book I lost interest in it very quickly. It is just a collection of characters telling their story with the living dead(I actually fell asleep on some of the stories). Could have been a lot better. I don't recommend it, don't waste your money.
030745455X|5.0|I enjoyed this book tremendously.  It has been a long time since I read a book that I couldn't put down.  I have now finished all three and this was the best.  It is a shame that Larsson's talent was cut short.  The potential was so great.
159562015X|5.0|I highly recommend the book StrengthsFinders 2.0 to help your leadership team work towards their full potential and not merely improve upon those things they innately struggle to do in their daily work life.
1932100660|1.0|An amazing deconstruction of the flawed use of statistics and the scientific method found in this book is here<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />How in could the funders of this project allow such a slip shod product to be constructed from the data I'll never know.<br /><br />the data should be released for all to see and run there own statistical correlations , by crowd sourcing the data we will limit the bias that can be present in the researchers
B003G4W49C|5.0|a great read with enough going on to pull you into the next book. thanks to kindle i dont have to wait to start reading it.
B00003CXB4|5.0|From an adult audience perspective: Highly entertaining, funny, and<br />ultimately quite moving. It manages to be digestible for kids, but meaty enough<br />for anyone older.<br /><br />Some great voicing -- especially by Jeremy Irons.<br /><br />The songs are good, and most of the animation is quite beautiful.<br /><br />It has its occasional sappy moments, and the basic plot is old as the<br />hills, but its all done very, very well. Not as sophisticated as some<br />of the Pixar films, but I not ashamed to admit it made me it made me<br />laugh and cry - both times I've seen it. How many current Hollywood<br />films, animated or not, can you say that about?<br /><br />The DVD is top notch, both for image and sound, and the extras are a lot<br />of fun. The image quality is near blu-ray on my set up.<br /><br />That said the blu-ray adds even a little more vibrancy to the image.<br />But either way you can't go wrong.  I'm just glad it's available once more.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|This cd came so fast that I ordered another one for Fathers Day.  Very pleased.
B001IBIQU6|5.0|Admittedly I am a DM fan.  I like most of their music (but not everything).  This new album has a good edginess that is fresh mixed in with some of the tones and sentiment that is reminiscent of  early days.  Another album I can put on and listen to it play through.
B001NP8PQW|5.0|My wife and I have seen The Cure in concert several times since we started dating in 1989, and I have to say, this video brought back a lot of great memories! The production quality is probably the best I've seen on any concert video, and the audio was flawless. I cranked my new Onkyo receiver to +10Db and shook the house during most of the Disintigration portion of this 3 concert disc. It felt like we were in the crowd! If you're a Cure fan, you MUST MUST MUST own this Blu-ray!
B003ODL004|5.0|I normally don't praise products enough to where I would actually write a review about one. That being said this one deserves a comment or two. The score overall is brilliant, since I got the CD earlier today I have been listening to it through out the day. The best is without a doubt \\"Time\\" which for me is hard to describe. You just have to listen to it yourself and you might find yourself like me sitting with a couple of tracks on repeat. Which for me is unusual especially with movie scores. I am actively looking for other music by Hans Zimmer after giving this one a try. If the soundtrack is any indication of the film, this will probably be the best film this year. The overall sound goes from somber to epic with some tracks using a lot of percussion that it makes it sound almost like a variation of techno music mixed with brass and classical instruments. Just click a couple samples and check it out!
B003JLA4KS|5.0|If you have even the smallest speck of interest in RUSH you will love this movie. That should be enough to tell everyone who truly appreciates this band how much of a solid DvD this is. Its a must buy! God I love RUSH!!
B00024I2Z4|5.0|The first DVD that was sent did not play correctly. But as soon as I sent a message, this seller sent a new one right away, and it works great! Would recommend doing business with, and would do business again.
067101756X|5.0|Any person that is a whistle-blower or truth teller and has acquired any notoriety at all will be required to discredit their story in one way or another. Watch this pattern over and over as credible people give a coherent story then talk about something off the wall. This is to protect them and lend doubt to their story, learn to see through this ploy. Either they do it, or they stop breathing.
0316779237|3.0|I love David Sedaris, but honestly this particular compilation of short stories was beyond dark.<br /><br />(1) \\"SantaLand Diaries.\\" By far the funniest of the bunch. This is an extremely comical recollection of time spent working as a Macy's Santa elf. The essay has a rather abrupt ending, but it'll make you laugh out loud.<br />(2) \\"Season's Greetings to Our Friends and Family!!!!\\" Here the collection already starts to take a toll for the morbid and frightening. Written in a holiday-letter form by a desperate, murderous housewife this story stretches the limits of dark humor to places that are just wrong. Infanticide + attempt at humor = bad, not funny.<br />(3) Dinah, the Christmas Whore. Sedaris almost redeemed himself. Almost. The story was okay. It wasn't a laugh-out-loud tale like \\"SantaLand,\\" but it was decent.<br />(4) \\"Front Row Center.\\" At least it's short. In this short story, a \\"reporter\\" gives reviews for all the Christmas-themed school pageants. Kinda creepy that someone would go to all of them, and there's only so much kid-acting-bashing one can take. Guess that's why it was short<br />(5) \\"Based Upon a True Story.\\" This was absolutely criminal. A TV producer pays the local town preacher off in order to give one of the most insulting, degrading, soul-less \\"sermons\\" in history.<br />(6) \\"Christmas Means Giving.\\" This one had potential. Sedaris at least was creative in his exaggerations. However, it did seem once again to go a little over the line.<br /><br />These essays had potential. The biggest problem was that Sedaris frequently confused sarcasm with humor. It won't exactly put you in the Christmas spirit, but if you like Sedaris, you'll probably still manage to find ways to like the book.
B003NX76BM|1.0|After reading books by Nora Roberts for more than two decades, it has become clear that Nora Roberts has lost her touch.  Her latest work, The Search, is more than disappointing.  The book was slow to capture the reader's attention and I found myself putting the book down time and again.  The plot was predictable and did not really entertain.  It appears as if Roberts is too involved in trilogies with formulaic plots.    The book is not worth the Kindle price.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|First off I would like to state that I am an avid Jane Austen fan, her novels are my favourites. Secondly i would declare that I am not a person who expects a movie adaptation of a book to exceed the book itself. I believe it to be impossible to ever do a book justice on film (which is why i would always reccomend reading books before watching the films). As to this particular adaptation of Pride and Predjudice I found it to be a beautifully made film and the performances where outstanding by all. I could not help as always to love Elizabeth Bennett and could neither help but fall completely in love with Mr Darcy. At first glance Mr Darcy seems not at all as proud as expected but on further viewing I believe it to have simply been subtly done. I would reccomend this film to anyone as it is a real heart opener. Reguardless of opinions and comparisons I found that the film told the story of Pride and Predjudice most respectfully.   I loved it from start to finish!
006145205X|5.0|Differentiation of individual activity, specialization and trade are the activities that have enabled humankind to overcome obstacles in the past and advance at a rapid pace. The future should be no different.    According to Matt Ridley, trade was and is the essential element in human progress. He suggests that the first farmers were already traders and used their static location and accumulated inventory to meet hunter-gatherer demand. He also credits the farmer as the creator of property rights. Hunter-gatherer societies are egalitarian sharing the hunt and enforcing non-compliance. A farmer who plants a field expects to harvest it and store or trade the surplus. This, Ridley posits was the origin of private wealth.     Ridley maintains that progress is dependent on idea sharing. As population density increases, the availability of new ideas and differentiation of occupation allows those with extra time to make use of these ideas.    Twentieth century collectivist bias leads one to ask \\"who was in charge\\" looking for a central initiator of policy. Ridley suggests that the world is a complex adaptive system, where trade and progress emerged from the interaction of individuals. It was an evolutionary rather than a planned process.    He recounts historical examples of institutional and industrial stagnation from the Bronze Age to British Rail and the U.S. Postal Service. What Ridley says they have in common is an attitude that rewards caution and discourages experiment. A planned economy requires perfect knowledge. The possibility of new knowledge makes a steady state or economic equilibrium model invalid.    He says the Dark Ages were a massive back to the land hippie movement minus the trust funds, similarly the Maoist Cultural Revolution.      Ridley thinks that governments tend to be good initially, but increasingly bad the longer they last. `Government brings inefficiency and stagnation to most things it runs.' Governments `employ ambitious elites who capturean increasingly greater share of the society's income by interfering in peoples lives and creating rules to enforce until they kill the goose that lays the golden eggs'    African poverty, hunger, climate change, resource depletion, and disease are all challenges that an intellectually evolving human race will conquer.   Individual creativity within a bottom-up political structure and a free-market economy will increase our individual wealth, health, and longevity according to Matt Ridley.
2070612368|4.0|I'm going to be entering college in the fall, and I really wanted to read a book in french beforehand. I've had 4 years of french in high school and consider myself an intermediate student. I've always enjoyed the Harry Potter series, and since I'm so familiar with the story, I figured this would be a great book to read in a foreign language. From an educational standpoint, I would say that the grammar is great for students since it's simple enough to understand without being so simplistic that there is no value in it educationally. The reason I gave it 4/5 stars is for those who aren't as familiar with the story. Some of the names are altered in this text, so one may get hung up on a seemingly unknown word that is just an alternate name. if you are well-versed in Harry Potter, I would definitely recommend this as a great starter novel. But remember, keep a dictionary with you while reading just in case!
0316044938|4.0|The \\"Lovely Bones\\", written by Alice Sebold, is a book about how difficult it was for a family to cope with the loss of a child due to a violent crime. Susie Salmon was a 14- year-old girl who was raped and killed by her neighbor, a serial killer of young girls, who moves from town to town after each of his crimes. Susie ascends to heaven where she struggles to accept her death while she is still clinging on to the life that she had on earth by following her family's dramas over the years. She watches and comments how her family and close ones are affected by her death, and how they are moving on with their lives and her death.   The first part of the book had more of a mysterious tone to it. Susie's dad knows that their creepy neighbor, Mr. Harvey killed his daughter, but he doesn't have proof to prove to the police that he did it. His obsession of him knowing for a fact that his neighbor did it causes his wife to move out. While this is happening the father is getting closer to finding the truth of his daughter's murder. Meanwhile, Susie is living in her perfect heaven, playing on swings and hanging out with a little girl named Holly.   The second half of this book becomes more of a pure ghost story, where Susie watches all her loved ones grow older and she observes the different turns and paths that they take in their life. Susie is also replaying her own murder in her mind to try to match the puzzle pieces together of why it happened. Susie also recalls the missed opportunities and random acts that she had throughout the whole book. She recalled her kiss with a boy back on earth as \\"an accent - a beautiful gasoline rainbow. \\"  Alice Sebold does a marvelous job of writing a story that is both tragic and full of much light and grace but also full of suspense and delight. She shows how a tragedy can truly tear a family apart, but also brings them back together again.  Alice really captured both the ordinary little ideas and the extraordinary, horrific scenes that happened throughout the book.   Some of the weaknesses that I noticed that book had was how it sometimes got really confusing to understand what they were talking about because you didn't know if it was present tense or past tense, since the book moves back and forward the whole time. Another weakness that I saw was how the author tries to make things more than they need to be. Sehold goes far in depth to describe something when in really doesn't have to be described in depth.  Overall the strengths outweigh the weaknesses, because the Lovely Bones was such a beautiful and touching book even though it was a really sad. This book teaches how usually people can overcome anything, even though it does not happen easily or even the way we might expect it.  I really recommend this book to anyone because it is such a unique and meaningful book.
B003GDYN24|5.0|If you understand this type of music...this is BRILLIANT. I am a firm believer that ALL music has a time and place....  This is what Euro-dance is all about poeple.  Wow and what a great album...every song is excellent...and flows perfectly into the next.  It is a DANCE album folks....no ballads needed to SLOW it down...um...DUH!   Great fun summer album thanks Kelis.
030726999X|5.0|Great reading but now what do I do?!....maybe there are other Larssen books to translate.... sure enjoyed the Trilogy.
0307454541|5.0|I realize different strokes for diff. folks and all that but I cannot imagine not loving the whole girl...collection - from the 1st page I was hooked - I am in the middle of the second novel - the girl who played with fire and am very saddened that there will only be three in this series - I don't go for hype - harry potter - blah, I usually go for the most unpopular books - but this one I read about in EW magazine so I decided to try it - it's superb in every sense of the word and I can't get all technical - I just love it - I can't even understand NOT loving it - so that being said - for anyone looking for a more technical review read elsewhere but these books are in my top 10 of all time definitely...masterfully written - I thought the suspense was beautiful - not to fast not to slow - I love all of the characters....wonderful....
0060751967|3.0|This was my first book by this author, and I really wanted to like it since I love reading series.  I thought the first half was funny and interesting, but it went down hill from there.  The heroine is a dentist who has developed a phobia of blood after witnessing a gruesome murder.  That right there threw me off.  How was she still working? The hero needs a dentist and rescues her from the hit men that are out to get her so that she can fix his tooth before it heals.  The hero was ammusing at first, but once he had \\"vampire sex\\" with the heroine I didn't really like much else and wanted it to end.  I don't want to ruin it for others, so I won't go into what \\"vampire sex\\" is, but you probably won't like the idea any more than I did.  I also did not like that he kept a harem and did not come to terms with getting rid of it if he wanted a relationship until towards the end.  Duh! The book is mostly about the heroine trying to stay alive while fighting against her attraction to a vampire. On a good note, I liked that he wanted to make all her normal dreams come true.  I just felt like the relationship progressed a little too fast to be realistic. This book may be just ok because the author is setting us up for the rest of the series by building the world too much.  I am not sure.  If I read any more in the series, I will get them from the library.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I recently produced five CDs for the Yale Whiffenpoofs and spent many hours listening to singing.  The most difficult task was working with a recording engineer in Florida while I was in Connecticut.  He would put the transcribed music on the server for me to listen to, and I would send back my comments and suggestions.  It was important that I hear the music as clearly as possible, and after trying 8 different pairs of headphones, I am convinced the Sony MDR-7506 headphones are the best available.  The only other phones that were comparable were the Sennheiser HD650s, but these cost roughly  three times more.  But I prefer the Sony's for their realism and sound stage.<br /><br />Sound stage is an abstract concept that is difficult to explain.  When earphones provide a good sound stage, the listener feels both left-right differential but forward-back depth.  This capability is a perception, not a reality, and has a lot to do with how well the music has been engineered in the sound studio.  But some headphones present a full sound stage and others do not.  I have always appreciated the Sennheisers for doing this well, but the Sony MDR-7506 headphones do it the best.  This gives the music a depth beyond that generated by stereo, and allows one to listen for extended periods of time without fatigue.<br /><br />I even recommend these headphones if all you are going to do is listen to rock.  The bass response is flat, not enhanced, however.  But I have listened to some well engineered rock with these and it comes alive.  The midrange is alive and crystal clear.  Vocals are so realistic that you are transported.  Sometimes it takes my breath away.  I love these headphones.
0316789720|5.0|Ed Emberley is one of the most amazing children's drawing book authors.  His simple, yet dynamic and very recognizable illustrations, encourage the most inhibited children to dive in and draw.  In my opinion, this book could be used by art instructors in combination with DRAWING WITH CHILDREN, by Mona Brookes, to provide warm-up exercises.  They are both very compatible, since they break drawings into lines and shapes as the foundation to drawing.  It could also be used by any child interested in learning how to draw and create a world of his/her own independently.
0316069906|3.0|Perhaps I've read to much in the genre, but this book felt a little old. Rehashings of Food Inc and Skinny Bitch. The beginning was solid. I was intrigued that he bounced back and forth on diets until he had a child and then looked at everything differently. Then came chapter after chapter of what I like to call STIAK, Stuff I Already Knew. Chickens are boiled alive, cows are slaughtered while still aware of it, people who do this slaughtering and torturing are mean and ruthless. Activists try hard to save, protest, and fix this industry. None of this is new information to me, but if this is the first book you read on this topic he does do a good job. Finally he ended it back where he started with humor and thought provoking ideas. It's not a bad book, just beware if you've already read many books on this topic.
1400032717|4.0|STORY BRIEF:<br />Fifteen-year-old Christopher Boone has autism and is gifted mathematically.  He screams if someone touches him.  He groans and withdraws when he's around too many people.  He refuses to eat yellow or brown food.  The story is being told by Christopher in his own words of his experiences after he finds his neighbor's dead dog.  The dog Wellington was killed with a gardening fork.  Christopher wants to know who killed Wellington, and Christopher begins talking to people he normally would not talk to - to ask questions.  He writes this book about his investigation.<br /><br />REVIEWER'S OPINION:<br />Christopher does not really change in the story, but he learns some things.  Don't expect any emotional relationship development between Christopher and others.  It's different.  It's a pleasant escape.  The ending is satisfying.<br /><br />DATA:<br />Story length: I listened to the audio version which was 6 hours.  Swearing language: strong, including religious swear words.  Sexual content: none.  Setting: current day England.  Copyright: 2003.  Genre: pleasant autism mystery.
B002VECLVO|3.0|First let me clarify I adore Colin Firth and Julianne Moore, two actors so good that everyone recognizes their quality except Hollywood (see her in \\"The Hours\\").<br />Second: if there has ever been a boy angel face on screen, it must be Nicholas Hoult's.<br />Third, Firth and Hoult's bodies, as per Tom Ford's magisterial direction and caressing cinematography, have been immortalized as poetry in motion.<br />And then: when grieving is almost over and love is about to reappear, the protagonist croaks! Romantically, but definitely.  Was it required by the literary source, like in \\"Brokeback\\"?<br />I was so angry. Both Ang Lee and Tom Ford are gay. Christopher Isherwood was gay--and had no guts, unlike E. M. Forster. If it is necessary to change the ending, do it!  Some of us live long, satisfying lives.  This movie could have been a 5 stars.  The professor should have risen--literally and metaphor-ically-- to the challenge posed by his adoring student.  A heart attack is a convenient soggy ending and a cop-out.<br />The fault is Isherwood's--then, as a gay director I would not have chosen his material.<br />And by the way, I'm buying the utterly mesmerizing musical score. And I will watch it again, for the performances.
B002ZNJWI6|5.0|This is one of Reynolds' best books. The prose is well done, the plot moves along quickly and the galaxy he has created seems real. It is very reminiscent of Chasm City, though in House of Suns, the narrative feels much tighter.     A fantastic and quick read.
B002UXRGLG|5.0|Better than Planet Earth with excellent narrative and overall content.  Also, excellent picture quality and DTS HD Master quality sound.      You will not be disappointed if nature documentaries are of interest to you.  A highly recommended production! A masterpiece!     However, there's one caveat.  Buy the edition narrated by David Attenborough.
0439023483|5.0|[[ASIN:0439023483 The Hunger Games]]  [[ASIN:0439023491 Catching Fire (The Second Book of the Hunger Games)]]    This is a book I never would have picked up unless a friend insisted.  It was a slow start for me but once I got to the third or fourth chapter I could not put it down!!  Catching Fire (Second Book) was equally captivating and I can't wait until the third book comes out next month.     I even had my book club members read it and they all LOVED it as well, even those extremely reluctant to do so.    Worth stepping outside my normal genre!
0385504225|5.0|My husband and I both read \\"The Lost Symbol\\" pretty much simultaneously.    What we both loved particularly about \\"The DaVinci Code\\" and \\"The Lost Symbol\\" were its incentive and desire to think beyond 'the box' and look deeply.  One novel focusing primarily in Italy, and 'The Lost Symbol', set in Washington, D.C....our forefathers and the history which proceded them.    Near the end, the novel tends to be wordy, but one needs to set it down, pick it up again, with no interuptions etc. from the 'outside' world.  This introspective time becomes the catalyst for how we leave the book and move on in our personal direction.    The plot for this substantial novel takes place in less than 24 hours, in short chapters, that go from one character and scene to the other.  Seeking the symbol, the word, which would ultimately grant power or enlightenment, or create chaos and upheaval....    Extraordinarily, one can follow easily.    The most astounding research prompts the reader to examine individual background, particularly religious...which in turn, leads to what lies ahead for the future.    How much of our paths are controlled, can be altered, or mysteriously join forces to change???  Still the biggest mystery of a lifetime...and what can we change of our lifetime????
B002ZIAC26|5.0|I've been intimidated to even begin to analyze Teen Dream, let alone disect and injest it in a way I can put into words. In a sense, Teen Dream is a perfect album. This is not a delusional statement. This is a statment based upon months exposure, not knee-jerk reactions, honeymoon period statements, drunken elitism, and the like. The album is a modern masterpiece, not unlike Radiohead's Kid A or Joanna Newsom's Ys. And much like the aforementioned albums, it is a pleasent aural trip for headphone fanatics. It is, in the words of OutKast, an \\"eargasm\\".<br /><br />The album's title is perfectly selected; its themes range from love, loss, betrayal and joy, all wrapped up in a dream-like landscape of the jangle-pop kind: a bittersweet adolescence, so to speak. Beach House has truly found themselves by fattening up their sound, while hanging onto those simple, lovable lead guitar and processed beats.<br /><br />The band manages to hold onto the intimacy of their self-titled while building up a towering mountain of sound that'd make Mr. Spector dribble in his pants. Whether it's running rampant with striped animal or singing about Scandinavian countries, Victoria Legrand is haunting, albeit absolutely stunning in her vocal performances; her words flow like sweet honey and stick to you just the same.
0399156577|4.0|Just finished this book had to stay up until midnight to find out the ending.  I love the details about dog training and the relationships that are built through out the book.  Can't wait until her next book.
0525423842|4.0|John Grisham has written another highly enjoyable and entertaining novel with a different spin not many others would be as creative and able to pull off.  I strongly recommend the book to all and as soon as I completed my reading I shared it with my daughter.  As with all of Mr. Grisham's work, there are twists and turns that keeps your attention from start to end.
031606792X|5.0|Book was in great shape and shipped in a relatively timely manner!! Thanks so much, great seller!!
1934030554|5.0|If you are  planning to get a power meter or you already have 1 this book is totally for anybody. The book totaly guide you through all the concept of training with a power meter I highly recomended it
B00004XMTJ|5.0|The most wonderful musical,great cast,something you can watch over and over again and NEVER get sick of.
B003UCPEJ2|5.0|Tracks<br />1 Various Living Stereo Sampler<br />2 MUNCH, CHARLES/Saint-Sans: Symphony No. 3; Debussy: La Mer; Ibert: Escales<br />3 MUNCH, CHARLES/Ravel: Daphnis et Chlo<br />4 REINER, FRITZ/ Strauss: Also sprach Zarathustra; Ein Heldenleben<br />5 REINER, FRITZ/Bartk: Concerto for Orchestra;Music for Strings, Percussion & Celesta; Hungarian Sketches<br />6 HEIFETZ, JASCHA /Beethoven: Violin Concerto; Mendelssohn: Violin Concerto<br />7 CLIBURN, VAN /Tchaikovsky: Piano Concerto No. 1; Rachmaninoff: Piano Concerto No. 2<br />8 FIEDLER, ARTHUR/Gershwin: Rhapsody in Blue; Concerto in F; An American in Paris; Variations..<br />9 REINER, FRITZ /Mussorgsky: Pictures at an Exhibition<br />10 PRICE, LEONTYNE/Leontyne Price: Arias<br />11 RUBINSTEIN, ARTHUR Chopin: Ballades & Scherzos<br />12 MONTEUX, PIERRE/Tchaikovsky: Symphony No. 6 Pathtique<br />13 GOULD, MORTON/Brass & Percussion<br />14 HEIFETZ, JASCHA/Sibelius, Prokofiev, Glazunov: Violin Concertos<br />15 MUNCH, CHARLES/Berlioz: Requiem 2CD<br />17 MUNCH, CHARLES/Ravel: Bolro; La Valse; Rapsodie espagnole; Debussy: Images for Orchestra<br />18 PIATIGORSKY, GREGOR/Dvork; Walton: Cello Concertos<br />19 REINER, FRITZ/ Dvork: New World Symphony<br />20 REINER, FRITZ/Rimsky-Korsakov: Scheherazade<br />21 RUBINSTEIN, ARTHUR /Brahms: Piano Concerto No. 1<br />22 FIEDLER, ARTHUR/ Offenbach: Gat parisienne<br />23 CLIBURN, VAN/Rachmaninoff: Piano Concerto No. 3; Prokofiev: Piano Concerto No. 3<br />24 FIEDLER, ARTHUR/Hi-Fi Fiedler<br />25 HEIFETZ, JASCHA/Brahms; Tchaikovsky: Violin Concertos<br />26 MONTEUX, PIERRE/Franck:Symphony in D Minor;Stravinsky: Petrouchka<br />27 MUNCH, CHARLES/Beethoven: Symphonies Nos. 5 & 6<br />28 MUNCH, CHARLES/Berlioz: Symphonie Fantastique; Love Scene From Romeo & Juliet<br />29 REINER, FRITZ/Strauss: Scenes from Elektra & Salome<br />30 REINER, FRITZ/ Mahler: Symphony No. 4<br />31 RUBINSTEIN, ARTHUR Chopin: Piano Concertos<br />32 STOKOWSKI, LEOPOLD/ Rhapsodies<br />33 GOULD, MORTON/Copland: Billy The Kid & Rodeo; Grofe: Grand Canyon Suite<br />34 MOFFO, ANNA/Arias from Faust; La Bohme; Dinorah; Carmen; Turandot; Semiramide; Lakm<br />35 REINER, FRITZ/ Respighi: Pines Of Rome; Fountains Of Rome & Debussy: La Mer<br />36 REINER, FRITZ/Vienna<br />37 MUNCH, CHARLES/Mendelssohn: Symphonies Nos. 4 & 5; Octet: Scherzo<br />38 FIEDLER, ARTHUR/Pops Caviar<br />39 RUBINSTEIN, ARTHUR/Beethoven: Sonatas (Moonlight; Les Adieux; Pathetique; Appassionata)<br />40 HEIFETZ, JASCHA/Bruch: Violin Concerto No. 1; Scottish Fantasy & Vieuxtemps: Violin Concerto No. 5<br />41 LANZA, MARIO Mario! Lanza At His Best; Vagabond King Highlights<br />42 FOX, VIRGIL/ Encores<br />43 LEINSDORF, ERICH/Puccini: La Bohme 2CD<br />45 LEINSDORF, ERICH/Puccini: Madama Butterfly<br />47 MOFFO, ANNA/Verdi: La Traviata 2CD<br />49 BJORLING, JUSSI/Puccini: Turandot 2CD<br />51 MUNCH, CHARLES/Schubert: Symphonies \\"The Great\\" & \\"Unfinished\\"<br />52 REINER, FRITZ/ Strauss: Don Quixote & Don Juan<br />53 HEIFETZ, JASCHA /Bach: Concerto for Two Violins in D Minor<br />54 BREAM, JULIAN/Popular Classics for Spanish Guitar<br />55 PRICE, LEONTYNE/Albeniz: Navarra, Iberia; Falla: El amor<br />56 RUBINSTEIN, ARTHUR/Saint-Saens: Piano Concerto No. 2; Franck: Symphonic Variations;<br />57 MUNCH, CHARLES/Berlioz: Harold In Italy; The Roman Carnival Overture; Benvenuto Cellini Overture<br />58 REINER, FRITZ/Mahler: Das Lied Von Der Erde<br />59 REINER, FRITZ/Strauss: Symphonia Domestica; Suite From Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme<br />60 CLIBURN, VAN/Schumann: Piano Concerto In A minor; Beethoven: Piano Concerto No. 5, Op. 73 \\"Emperor\\"me; Dinorah; Carmen; Turandot; Semiramide; Lakm   35 REINER, FRITZ/ Respighi: Pines Of Rome; Fountains Of Rome & Debussy: La Mer   36 REINER, FRITZ/Vienna   37 MUNCH, CHARLES/Mendelssohn: Symphonies Nos. 4 & 5; Octet: Scherzo   38 FIEDLER, ARTHUR/Pops Caviar   39 RUBINSTEIN, ARTHUR/Beethoven: Sonatas (Moonlight; Les Adieux; Pathetique; Appassionata)   40 HEIFETZ, JASCHA/Bruch: Violin Concerto No. 1; Scottish Fantasy & Vieuxtemps: Violin Concerto No. 5   41 LANZA, MARIO Mario! Lanza At His Best; Vagabond King Highlights   42 FOX, VIRGIL/ Encores   43 LEINSDORF, ERICH/Puccini: La Bohme 2CD   45 LEINSDORF, ERICH/Puccini: Madama Butterfly   47 MOFFO, ANNA/Verdi: La Traviata 2CD   49 BJORLING, JUSSI/Puccini: Turandot 2CD   51 MUNCH, CHARLES/Schubert: Symphonies \\"The Great\\" & \\"Unfinished\\"   52 REINER, FRITZ/ Strauss: Don Quixote & Don Juan   53 HEIFETZ, JASCHA /Bach: Concerto for Two Violins in D Minor   54 BREAM, JULIAN/Popular Classics for Spanish Guitar   55 PRICE, LEONTYNE/Albeniz: Navarra, Iberia; Falla: El amor   56 RUBINSTEIN, ARTHUR/Saint-Saens: Piano Concerto No. 2; Franck: Symphonic Variations;   57 MUNCH, CHARLES/Berlioz: Harold In Italy; The Roman Carnival Overture; Benvenuto Cellini Overture   58 REINER, FRITZ/Mahler: Das Lied Von Der Erde   59 REINER, FRITZ/Strauss: Symphonia Domestica; Suite From Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme   60 CLIBURN, VAN/Schumann: Piano Concerto In A minor; Beethoven: Piano Concerto No. 5, Op. 73 \\"Emperor\\"
0061703257|2.0|The whole novel is completely given away very early on.<br /><br />It really isn't a mystery at all for those of you who enjoy a good Who-dunnit.<br /><br />If you've ever completed a simple anagram puzzle in your life, please save your $7.99 and read something else.
B001675SOY|5.0|Its a wonder while there's so little reviews on here. This album easily deserves 5 stars... nuff said
0307346617|5.0|Let's face it: Zombies are not exactly intellectual.     We all love George Romero's work and the way zombie-apocalypse stories play to our basest fears and survival instincts. We all love how zombies are the one enemy we may slaughter wholesale with no remorse whatsoever. We all love how easily zombie stories swing from horror to comedy and back.     But it's not something you can easily talk about and feel proud of with people outside this marvelous sub-genre.     Max Brooks has laid the foundations for a bridge across that divide with this book.    If you love the survivalist nature of zombie apocalypse stories, if you come up with your own plans on how you would secure food, protect yourself and your family, and make your home defensible, this is your book!    Told from the perspective of survivors with all the rich, marvelous, glowing detail and backstory that we hunger for in movies and video games, Brooks takes us through the near-fall of humans to their undead brethren, how it started, how we reacted, how we survived, and how we triumphed. Virtually no question is left unanswered in Brooks' smoothly written and fiercely entertaining \\"history\\" of the war.     Buy it. Read it. Memorize it. Afterward, if you hear warning sirens outside and raspy moaning noises from the yard, you'll know what to do.
B001P5Q6F2|5.0|I'm quite an avid Lamb of God fan; however, I found Sacrament to be a bit too slow and mainstream. Oh yes, it's a great album... but the ferociousness of Ashes of the Wake and As the Palaces Burn was lacking. This album, while a little different, returns to the fast, and viscous crawl that the earlier albums had (excluding American Gospel, which is another beast in its own right). It also begins the best. Anyone who listens to metal will easily be reminded of Metallica's Fight Fire With Fire... the beginning of Ride the Lightning. Like the previously mentioned  track, this album begins with acoustic bliss that is slammed into your face at the coming of \\"In Your Words.\\" All in all, while not their greatest achievement, \\"Wrath\\" is surely worth your time and money. A must-have!
B00127RAJY|5.0|With the workouts only lasting approximately 20 minutes, I can workout while my son is still sleeping or watching Dora or Diego on my computer in the morning before school. I realized that if I didn't workout in the morning and get it over with, I wasn't working out at all! I really appreciate that Jillian created such challenging exercise routines so you don't feel bad working out for only 20 minutes. This is a great way to keep fitness in one's life even if time is a very valuable commodity. I highly recommend this DVD to anyone looking to keep physically active while having a hectic lifestyle. To vary the workouts, I do a different routine every day so I cycle from Level 1 to Level 3 a couple times a week. This keeps me from getting bored... which means there's less chance I'll quit! I've been using 3lbs hand weights so far, but I'm considering buying 5lbs hand weights to give me a little more resistance on less challenging strength moves. I started this workout program with my semi-vegetarian lifestyle (only eating fish as my meat). Tracking what I eat with MyFitnessPal.com has also helped me on my health plan. I have lost approximately 1.5-2 lbs per week, have gained energy, and sleep better. I feel very confident in how my body is feeling and looking. You can't beat a $10.00 DVD with strength, cardio, AND abs! Thanks Jillian!
B001DXEK18|4.0|No this is not a recipe for making or eating humble pie. Despite the title, there is no reference to the humble pie anywhere in the text!    Despite this disconnect \\"Humble Pie: My Autobiography\\" offers the reader insights into the cursing, angry, belligerent guy we see on Hells Kitchen and Kitchen Nightmares. Yes - he is all that. But that he has had the drive and ambition to reach the success he has is testament to the fact that hard work does pay and that a difficult childhood with a menacing father isn't an automatic sentence to a life of poverty and hopelessness. I have new respect for the guy, but still dont uderstand the obsession with the Michelin stars which is the holy grail for all chefs and especially for Gordon, the final indication that he has arrived.    A little self-congratulatory at times, too defensive of all the run-ins he has had with various other cooking personalities, and laced with the language of his cooking shows, this is still an interesting read.
B0036EH3X4|5.0|I first wrote a review for season 6 of Lost right after it came out on TV.  The review was titled \\"A Literary Work of Art\\".  Looking back after many months, I see that I embellished many parts of the season in that review, so now I'm giving it another try.<br /><br />Looking back on all six seasons of Lost, some of my favorite memories come from season 6. Ab Aeterno, a Richard episode in the sixth season, is one of the most unique Lost episodes ever, using cinematic elements to tell a dramatic love story from Richard's past. My favorite acting performance in all of Lost comes in the seventh episode of season 6, Dr. Linus, as Ben (Michael Emerson) gives his reason for killing Jacob. One of the death scenes in season six made me cry (though I won't spoil it for you). In short, the writers didn't get too lazy on season 6. They can still create incredibly dramatic, memorable moments.<br /><br />Perhaps my favorite element of season 6 is the juxtaposition between the \\"flash sideways\\" and the current timeline on the island. Even if you don't like what the \\"flash sideways\\" turn out to be (which I don't), I can't imagine that you could dislike all the perfect moments that come from these flashes. As life on the island is going horribly wrong, the flashes will show that life in the sideways reality is nearly perfect. Locke and Jack shake hands. Charles Widmore serves Desmond 60 year old MacCutcheon Whiskey, a whiskey he refused to serve Desmond in season 3. So many references to seasons past are made in the sideways timeline, making the sixth season an incredible walk down memory lane while wrapping up the series at the same time.<br /><br />Of course, everyone's biggest complaint about season 6 is that it failed to answer the questions they've had for all the other seasons; that it didn't actually wrap up the series.  I don't think that's completely true.  However, it's also not true that all or even most of viewers' questions were fully answered.  The vast majority of questions were partially answered.  After all six seasons, what is the island?  Well, we know it's \\"a place where miracles happen\\" and apparently it's keeping evil at bay somehow.  Does that really do justice to the viewers who have watched the show all six years?  I think so.<br /><br />Most die hard viewers will tell you that for five years they enjoyed making predictions and putting together theories about the questions that were brought up on the island.  They grabbed a clue from here or there and put together a theory to answer their question.  Then they waited for the sixth season to confirm or deny their theory.  And that confirmation never came.  They were left with a theory that may or may not be true.  One of my favorite short stories is \\"The Lady or the Tiger\\".  At the end of the story, a woman is left with a choice: will she make the love of her life be mauled to death by a tiger before her eyes, or will she have him marry another beautiful lady.  Then the story ends.  It never tells what the woman's choice was.  I feel like this is what Lost did (though I'm not sure that was the writers' intention).  It left viewers with questions that they would have to answer for themselves, and for the most part, it leaves room for the viewer to find those answers.  You just have to be willing to look.nswered.  After all six seasons, what is the island?  Well, we know it's \\"a place where miracles happen\\" and apparently it's keeping evil at bay somehow.  Does that really do justice to the viewers who have watched the show all six years?  I think so.    Most die hard viewers will tell you that for five years they enjoyed making predictions and putting together theories about the questions that were brought up on the island.  They grabbed a clue from here or there and put together a theory to answer their question.  Then they waited for the sixth season to confirm or deny their theory.  And that confirmation never came.  They were left with a theory that may or may not be true.  One of my favorite short stories is \\"The Lady or the Tiger\\".  At the end of the story, a woman is left with a choice: will she make the love of her life be mauled to death by a tiger before her eyes, or will she have him marry another beautiful lady.  Then the story ends.  It never tells what the woman's choice was.  I feel like this is what Lost did (though I'm not sure that was the writers' intention).  It left viewers with questions that they would have to answer for themselves, and for the most part, it leaves room for the viewer to find those answers.  You just have to be willing to look.
B003UHH64S|5.0|An interesting story and so well written of a New York lady's quest for understanding and acceptance of herself which takes her across three countries (Italy, India and Indonesia) over the period of a year. Her experiences and the insights she gains over the year are not just entertaining, but enlightening as well. Highly recommended.
030726999X|4.0|The trilogy as a whole is a beautiful one. This last book introduces a few more characters while retaining some of the old ones. There are not many action scenes as in the previous books, and the book seems to be more focused on the crime solving of the whole affair. The middle section of the book gets a bit draggy and boring. But things start to look more lively towards the end when Lisbeth goes to court.
0316017922|3.0|Malcolm Gladwell is a Canadian journalist who has three best selling books. He is a \\"pop sociologist\\" explaining and exploring social phenomena.    Outliers is about what makes people succeed - his premise is that it is their circumstances and legacy.  Individual success is determined much more by these factors than by any characteristics of the individual themselves. While the anecdotes and examples are interesting, and the book is a relatively quick read, I am not sure whether he could prove his theories using more scientific research.
B00164EAC8|5.0|This movie is a little silly in places, but it's Godzilla, it should be a little silly.<br /><br />The picture and sound are great on Blu-ray, best version to buy and it's a great price.
0740748475|5.0|It has perfect presentation, every strip and story that Bill Waterson created for Calvin and Hobbes, definitely a must have.
B0035WTJFW|5.0|I really like this movie and on Blu-ray it looks awesome.  Picture and sound are awesome.
