B00003CXV4|4.0|I have got to say-I am a big fan of Keanu-san, and romance movies. I thought &quot;Sweet November&quot; was a great combination. Charlize Theron was great, and she makes great chemistry with Keanu-sama, just like Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan. The story was awfully cute, and sad. The message the movie brings is touching: It's better to love someone for a short while, then not love them at all. Great acting. Great Screenplay. I am sure the old version is as good as this one. So if you have chocie of watching &quot;Here on Earth&quot; and &quot;Sweet November&quot;, pick &quot;Sweet November&quot;, both movies have the sam moral, but &quot;Sweet November&quot; is more romantic and cuter than &quot;Here on Earth&quot;.
B00004Y6Q5|4.0|First of all, you need to have seen the movie to truly appreciate and understand the soundtrack.  All the songs have an eerie type of feel that only heightens as you listen.  Really abstract, if you ask me.<br />Unfortunately, the entire thing is compiled by where it occured in the movie.  I bought this cd mainly because of the overture, and it's dissected and cut on and off throughout the cd.  Hardly like a complete piece.  Some parts of the soundtrack are quiet and repetitive, whereas others are completely out of context (that is, if you're listening without track-skipping).<br />If you liked EVERY piece of music composed for 'Requiem For a Dream' and you don't mind hearing bits and pieces of each at a time, then this cd is for you.  Don't get me wrong, the music is good... I just never felt like I could really get into the mood its trying to convey since the soundtrack switches constantly and abruptly.
B00005JKES|5.0|The Twin Peaks series is the best television I've ever seen, and I am glad to be the 52d of 52 Amazonians to give it a five star rating.  I hope the DVD publisher takes note:  a Twin Peaks DVD would be in a very small category of essential DVDs with _Apocalypse Now_, _Blade Runner_, and _The Matrix_.  The acting is superb, the filming is superb, the soundtrack -- always important in a Lynch production -- is superb, but what overwhelms and delights and satisfies are the characters.  McLachlan as Cooper shines above all and provides a center and shape to the dozen or more of the most prominent others.  The medium of a series seems to me the right and only one to realize best Lynch's vision of a world of intense delight floating on a quicksand of darkness among swamp creatures of the soul, a world of fragile pleasures not quite overcome by a churning id underneath, a vision in which we confront with humor and humility a reality that is dark and mysterious, more complicated, subterranean, humbling, and intimidating than we are normally prepared to admit and confront.  We experience a wild and exhilarating vertigo as Lynch guides us to confront it.  His invitation is sensual, spiritual, intellectual, and emotional, and the show's technical brilliance delivers all the goods intact.  Dramatically, each character is also in the same process of discovery.   The heroes we like the most are the ones most humble in this respect, no matter how different in other respects, whether youthfully rebellious or conservative and civic-minded or down and out or....  A marvelous unity in a marvelous diversity.  Agent Cooper leads the way, a Sherlock Holmes of the soul as well as of the crime scene, but there are many others we love for this reason -- the Colonel, Sheriff Truman, Deputy Hawk, Pete (with whom the series begins), and the list goes on, including not least Leland and Mrs Palmer.  Even the characters we despise and who lack the virtues of courage or humility are aglow with Lynch's respect for individual persons.<br />I do not go so far as to say, as one reviewer does above, that each episode was perfect.  Like any extended work, it varied, and the final shows written after the series was cancelled have an understandable dramatic desperation and sloppiness.  But my estimation of it would be no less if it didn't.  All great longer works of imagination that I know are similar.<br />_The X-Files_ is a pretty good show, which also invites us to confront a world fundamentally more complex than we typically dare believe, but _The X-Files_ is a stuttering, childish, empty show compared to _Twin Peaks_, which is so much richer sensually and dramatically.  _The X-Files_'s recent adopting of a more sustained central storyline brings it a step up from its episodic beginnings, but from its pilot (which I do concur *is* perfect), _Twin Peaks_ aims much higher and achieves much more.  I think Lynch belongs with Kurosawa and Kubrick, and I hope that before he follows them to the grave he will give us something as fully realized as the best of their films.  I'm not sure anything Lynch has done is more fuly realized than the _Twin Peaks_ series, even though it is not entirely his own.  The feature film version is very strong, but there is something about the medium of the series -- perhaps its intrinsic state of unresolvedness -- that makes me give the palm(er) to the series.
0140283587|4.0|Great fun.  Those who didn't like it probably fall into two catgories: people who expect to see fully fleshed out characters in every novel they read, and those who recongize the stereotypes a little TOO well.  The story is largely based on characature, but it's satire - what do you expect?
B000002HPV|5.0|I have already had a chance to hear snippets of her new one and I don't that she has hit as high as she did with Homogenic. It's a wonderful album that once under your skin, will remain there. Even the &quot;unlistenable&quot; track, serves a purpose,... to set up the finale &quot;All is full of love&quot; which is perfect,...  Sure the first two have easy hits but this one is where she really does her own thing.
B000002UJQ|5.0|My 16 year old daughter constantly listened to OK Computer by Radiohead, on her headphones so I never had a chance to hear it.  Then, she purchased a tape for me to play in my truck.  Being a Led Zeppelin fan myself, I never thought I'd like this 'new' type of music but I was pleasantly surprised!  Tom York has graciously blessed us with the most deep music sound I've ever heard since the days of Pink Floyd.  Being a big Floyd fan, maybe that's why I enjoy OK so much.  It reminds me a lot of Floyd.  Nearly every song starts out slow then surrounds us with a sudden thrust of guitar, drums and Johnny's special effects.  This is a fantastic album and if you enjoy well written and performed music, then you really should hear this!
B00004SCX6|4.0|&quot;... Baby One More Time&quot; was a shocking infusion of pop into culture's mainly rap music. Britney shook up the entire world with her bubblegum tracks that will stay in your head all day. Her sophomore album, &quot;Oops ... I Did It Again&quot; is a more mature followup to her first album. With such tracks as the title &quot;Oops ... I Did It Again&quot;, &quot;Lucky&quot;, and &quot;Stronger&quot;, you'll hear a unique sound that, much as she tries, cannot be duplicated by Christina Aguilera. Ms. Spears is a grown woman, and although her music appeals to little girls, she's definitely branching out. &quot;Stronger&quot; is of particular appeal, because of the message she is sending. &quot;I'm stronger than yesterday / Now, it ain't nothing but my way / My loneliness ain't killing me no more / I, I am stronger ...&quot; shows young girls that you don't need a man to be you. Britney is a controversial figure in culture because of the way she dresses, but she insists she's just being herself, and if parents don't like that, that's a burden on their shoulders. Her music may not be the most awe inspiring, and she may not be the most talented songstress out there, but she's definitely the one with the most charisma.
B000002MY3|5.0|Wow!  What a great first album!  My earphones were attached to my head for a year after this came out.  Her voice just takes you away from life's daily grind for the hour plus that you listen to her music.  And if you watched Alanis on the Grammy's, you'll know that her voice is just as good live as it is recorded.  When I think back to her bubble gum records from years ago and then listen to her new style, it's like chalk and cheese!  She's definately grown up and her music style has changed for the better.  I recommend this CD to anyone who likes the sound of a strong womans voice.  Someone who's not scared to say it as she see's it.  Alanis lets it all hang out on this CD so mum's, you might want to listen to the words before buying it as a gift for young kids.  Great music.  I fully recommend it.
B00003CXN4|1.0|I went to this movie thinking it would be more of an action packed thriller dealing with the drug smuggling problem of the US.  My first surprise was that this movie has 3 plots intertwined together and all jumbled flowing from one into the next with seemingly no connection at all besides of course the drug issue.  As if this wasnt confusing enough, the movie ended basically in the middle of all three story lines.  The action in this movie was dull at best and the graphic scenes of teenagers doing drugs made it very disturbing.  I finished the movie wishing I had never seen it and felt as if it was a waste of time.
B0000025CP|5.0|This is the single best heavy metal record of all time. BOTTOM LINE! Every single song on Stained Class rocks hard from start to finish. The twin guitar attack of Glenn Tipton and KK Downing and the soaring vocals of the metal god himself, Rob Halford, will leave you speechless. This album influenced an enormous variety of artistts, not to mention it pioneering thrash and speed metal. It still has the power to melt any record that you put next to it just like it did more than 20 years ago when it was first released in 1978. This record will destroy any of your Metallica or Iron Maiden records. You will throw your Korn and Limp Bizkit records out the window after you give Stained Class a listen. Buy this record and hear the most influental metal band of all time, Judas Priest, in their prime. You will not be dissapointed.
B00005BL2A|5.0|This band is astonishing.  They just get better with every CD they release.  20 years later and they're still just as hot as ever, but with more sophistication and depth.  One of the greatest bands of our lifetime!  I hope they keep up the astonishing work for years to come - bring on the pot bellies and crows feet - we don't care!
0790729369|4.0|Clint Eastwood's film, &quot;The Bridges of Madison County&quot; will break your heart for a number of reasons:  Eastwood is woefully miscast and does his best to ruin this film with his wooden, stoic portrayal of Robert, the  &quot;wrap-around story&quot; is ridiculous and the actors in it are amateurish at best and Meryl Streep is achingly, beautifully effective as Francesca.  There are very few scenes in the movies that are as effective as Streep in her husband's old pick-up truck her hand sqeezing the door handle, tears running down her cheeks, rain pouring down outside wondering whether she should make a run for it into Robert's rain drenched arms.  Corny? Melodramatic? Effective? Yes Yes Yes.  This is first class Melodrama done as well as it ever has been.  Did my rugby buds and I embarass ourselves by almost sobbing out loud? Yes.  What were we doing watching this film in the first place? Good Question.  But seriously this is a first rate adaptation of a third rate &quot;weepie&quot; novella and I loved every minute of it.
B0000508U6|5.0|so i'd admit it - the first time i listened to 'parachutes', i was only vaguely impressed. i've always been a fan of music of heavier sound...loud guitar riffs, banging drums and all that. so the soft, melodic sound of coldplay basically didn't cut it. then i started REALLY listening to it. play it over and over again while doing your homework, on the way to school, and you'll find how beautiful each and every song in this album is. the lyrics are excellent, its a pity they aren't printed in the cd booklet. this has become one of my most treasured cds in my collection. and if you have a chance, be sure to catch Coldplay live. they sound, (in my opinion) better live. a truely dynamic and talented band, i can't wait to hear their next album.
6301969588|4.0|This is a &quot;must see&quot; for anyone who's never viewed it before. A weird lesson in tolerance via Tod Browning with a cast of true &quot;freaks&quot; (no make-up needed!) giving the class. Gabba-Goo-Gabba-Goo!!!!!
B00005B1EX|5.0|Somehow I recall reading a review somewhere of Bruce Dickinson's solo effort &quot;Accident Of Birth,&quot; calling it &quot;The best Iron Maiden album since Powerslave.&quot;<br />This dual disc reminds me of that...it's the live album Judas Priest never made.<br />First the bad points: The intro sample is a little on the ridiculous side (with the &quot;panning&quot; back and forth from side to side).  And the inclusion of &quot;The One You Love To Hate&quot; is a minor mistake...not because it's not a great song, but because it sounds like it was overdubbed in the studio.  Maybe I'm crazy, but I swear during one part of that song I hear THREE separate vocal tracks.<br />Now for the good parts: Everything else.  Great production, excellent audience participation, a brilliant song selection with the best tracks from the &quot;Resurrection&quot; release (plus live versions of the two tracks that were not on the U.S. version), a couple excellent tunes from the first Fight album, &quot;Light Comes Out Of Black,&quot; and a ton of Priest classics (though I really would've loved to have seen &quot;The Sentinel&quot; included, as it is STILL my all-time favorite Priest tune)  PLUS a couple &quot;new&quot; studio tracks at the end (the &quot;new&quot; is in quotes because of the presence of previously-unreleased Priest material)<br />Credit must go to Halford's band for pulling off Priest classics in their own inimitable style.  In terms of guitar solos, the renditions of certain Downing-spawned leads aren't quite on the money, but the interpretations are good nonetheless.  The Tipton-original leads, however, are stellar, especially on &quot;Beyond The Realms Of Death&quot; (any metal fan worthy of the title, even if he or she doesn't play guitar, should know that solo note-for-note.)<br />A truly superb live release!
0792842723|5.0|This is one of my very favorite Bond films, up there with &quot;From Russia With Love&quot;. It's visually stunning, and the cast is great. There's no stunt, car chase or special effect I like more than the tank ride through the streets of St. Petersburg. I'ts planned out to perfection, and our man James even gets to straighten his tie at the end of it.<br />This is Pierce Brosnan's first Bond film, and I think he's fabulous in the part. He brings a sleek finesse to the role and maybe even a touch of depth and sensitivity for these &quot;post women's lib neo politically correct&quot; times we live in...looks mighty fine in a tux too.<br />It has a feisty collection of characters, from Alan Cumming as Boris the hacker to the wonderful Judi Dench as &quot;M&quot;. The &quot;Bond girls&quot; are good too. Izabela Scorupco is lovely, and Framke Janssen, as a vicious vixen who gets her kicks from killing, makes quite a match for the invincible 007. You also get a little of Minnie Driver, in a funny bit as she &quot;sings&quot;.<br />Having the usual vastly entertaining plot of bad guys, foreign intrigue, double agents, and bombs and bullets, it's worth owning for repeated viewing, and once is not enough to see the details in that incredible tank chase.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Some people call Princess Mononoke the Star Wars of Anime, and it is for a very good reason. This movie is one of the favorite animes in Japan and it will probably become in the Western Hemisphere. It is full of magic, adventure, action, mythology, and a great humanistic and environmentalist message. The animation is incredible, and I put this one at the levels of Akira, Ghost in the Shell, and Ninja Scroll.  Its definitely a must have in every Anime fans DVD shelf. (I recomend you to watch it in Japanese,which is 5.1 and it has an excellent sound. Even though the translations are very well done by a very big and famous American cast, the rythm and expression of the original language gives the movie a special touch.)
0380788624|5.0|This book flies with speed and intensity. At times, there are so many simultaneous storylines that it is difficult to keep up. The stories wind around each other so artfully, that they support each other and eventually become one. This is the best book I've read in years.
B00003CX5P|5.0|What did you expected from a Star Wars movie? Something less than 5 stars? These movies are the reason why movies were invented people. And specially this one is the reason why DVDs and Surround Sound Systems were created!! Since the moment I saw Episode 1 on a movie theater I imagined the day in which I could feel the excitement of the Podracing, the tension of the jedi vs.Sith battle, the space sequences, all of them in the comfort of my living room. And the extras...THE EXTRAS!  Two critiques: 1)Where are the original movies on DVD? Where is the Indiana Jones thrilogy!?  2)Do I have to wait until October?! Oh man!!!
B00001PE4D|5.0|I love this movie. I may be only 14 or so, but I saw the movie in the movie theatres(I'm a naughty girl .) and absolutely fell in love. I reccomend the movie to anyone who wants to see a Manhattan soap opera on a high school level. The language used was far beyond most &quot;high schoolers&quot; reach and I was quite impressed. I have shown most of my friends, and they all fell in love. Who couldn't remember the &quot;escalator scene&quot;? The one where Annette is riding the escalator and sees Sebastian at the top. Pure true blue romance. I don't know what else to say. Watch the movie, and if you get grossed out, don't stop watching it. It's like Little Boy Blue (with Ryan Phillipee also), you can't stop watching it, otherwise you'll miss out on what's really there.
B00005JG6Q|5.0|I dare anybody to tell me a japanese animation better than AKIRA! Ill buy him/her a free movie...! The animation is superv, the plot is smart and well adapted from the long thousand+ manga with the same name. The sound must be excellent, and I cant hardly wait to get it on DVD.  If you really enjoy this movie I recommend you to buy the paperback versions ( They are 6 or 7 I think, but they have just released the first 3), which you can buy here too. Come on, get yourself into some really smart, sofisticated, high-tech, action packed movie!!
B00005JKES|5.0|If the rumors of a DVD release are true, then I'll gladly pay virtually any price to own this great TV series on DVD. From the premier episode over 10 years ago, I was hooked on this show. Kyle McLaughlin was only one of a great ensemble cast that provided a look into the dark underside of an idyllic northwestern town. A place of many secrets. The series thrived on it's eccentricities and even though it lost its audience over time, it continues to be one of the strongest TV shows ever made.
B00003CXS4|5.0|This movie is magnificent. It has all the elements I like in a movie. The &quot;pikey subtitles&quot; are something really really helpfull. This DVD is full of extras, a must have for all the people who like good movies, and specially &quot;bad guys&quot; movies in the line of Pulp Fiction and Fight Club. I even had to watch it like 3 times in the same week, because all my friends and relatives wanted to see what was all the fuzz about this movie.
B00005IBGQ|4.0|Wainwright is akin to someone like Tori Amos.  Both are phenomenal artists, both will be virtually ignored by popular radio.<br />*** The album title track has the most quoted (in print reviews) and evocative lyrics in which Wainwright confesses to being &quot;drunk and wearing flip-flops on 5th Avenue.&quot;  However, other songs are equally poignant as in &quot;Rebel Prince&quot; when he laments &quot;where is my master, the rebel prince/ who will shut all of these windows... these windows who are telling me/ to rid my dirty mind of all its preciousness.&quot;<br />*** Wainwright is a modern torch singer, like a solemn and clever School House Rock balladeer.  You either dig his voice or you don't.  But if you do, you're very, very lucky.
0812505085|5.0|I first read this book nearly twenty years ago (when I was eight, translated in Bengali), and I didn't realise when I had started to see the world more through the eyes of Jim Hawkins than my own, so much so that I never wanted to come out of my day-dreams of adventure. Then I bought the English edition and used to read it as often as possible, each time the last words (Long John Silver's parrot Cap'n Flint shouting &quot;Pieces of eight! Pieces of eight!&quot;) of the novel making me squirm because it has come to an end. The title of the book is enough to suggest the content matter, and nothing more need be told. Only one suggestion, don't let any boy miss this book, and if you have grown without reading it then get into your shorts of boyhood and read it, you'll grow up again, more likely enjoying the process of growing up more.
0783228457|5.0|This film, like many of Cronenberg's, was way ahead its time.  I think the other reviews give it plenty of credit, however I wish to warn any potential buyers that there are more &quot;complete&quot; versions of this film in circulation.  Like many of Cronenberg's celluloid, it fell under the knife.  This is the re-released &quot;uncut&quot; version, but there is almost 30 minutes of additional footage out there, much of which has been seen on cable TV and foreign bootlegs.  There are scenes which take the storyline even farther into madness/TV un-reality, which enhance the perceived confusion immensely.  This film really deserves Criterion treatment.
0812505085|5.0|I first read this book nearly twenty years ago (when I was eight, transalted in Bengali), and I didn't realise when I had started to see the world more from the eyes of Jim Hawkins than my own, so much so that I never wanted to come out of my day-dreams of adventure. Then I bought the English edition and used to read it as often as possible, each time the last words (Long John Silver's parrot Cap'n Flint shouting \\"Pieces of eight! Pieces of eight!\\") of the novel making me squirm because it has come to an end. The title of the book is enough to suggest the content matter, and nothing more need be told. Only one suggestion, don't let any boy miss this book, and if you have grown without reading it then get into your shorts of boyhood and read it, you'll grow up again, more likely enjoying the process of growing up more.
B000000H3Z|5.0|This is, in my humble opinion, the second most intense thrash/speed metal album after Slayer's Reign in Blood. This is early Sepultura, blazing along at ungodly speeds (the title track, after a brief acoustic intro, takes off at 240 beats per minute) and keeping up this incredible, pummeling pace for about forty minutes. The songs are skillfully put together with enough surprises and variation to maintain interest, and the production is good. Simply put, this disc is essential for fans of classic thrash (and, at times, bordering on death metal) music.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie is wonderful. The suprise ending is realy suprise. Thae actings great and the plot one very unexpected. So I will not ruin it. If you haven't seen it, SEE IT!
B000000H3W|5.0|Arise continues on in essentially the same style as their earlier success Beneath the Remains; that is, hard, fast and seemingly tireless death-thrash. This is the last time they would attempt such constant destruction, as the next record (Chaos A.D.) proved more varied and experimental. Suffice it to say that tracks like 'Dead Embryonic Cells' and the brutal title track are welcome treats for fans of this type of music. The re-release includes a cover of Motorhead's 'Orgasmatron' which is quite amusing. As one of the last big true thrash albums to come out, Arise is essential.
B000000LZV|5.0|This is one of the most amazing punk--or for that matter, rock--albums ever. It (stinks) that D. Boon went when he did, but at least he (and Watt and Hurley, can't forget them) left all of this behind for us. One minor problem, though, is that not all of the tracks are here. (Only a minor problem because there's 45 songs and this version has 43, which is plenty for anyone.) From the tracks to the booklet design--a great album cover as well. Buy this before it goes out of print.
B000002KO3|5.0|This album is amazing right from &quot;Born Under Punches&quot; to &quot;The Overload.&quot; The fabulous foursome teams up once again with Brian Eno to produce an unbelievable musical nirvana. How could anybody pass up a CD with &quot;Once in a Lifetime&quot; on it? You don't have to be a Talking Heads fan to enjoy this one.
B00003CXB2|5.0|It clearly would have been the movie to end all movies were it not for its lack of any female character. It is probably not well known today simply because it puts everything else to shame. Especially embarrassing to todays filmmakers is it visceral superiority, the images, the light and in fact the resolution (due to it being shot in the 3.5 times larger per frame 70mm format that Hollywood has since deemed us viewers too undiscerning for). As astoundingly IMAX like as its sweeping desert Vistas are, it is the cerebral that makes this movie the masterpiece it is. Based on an entirely true story (well as much as we can believe Lawrence himself) it depicts many cultural as well as psychological issues. In particular that of the genius Lawrence and his inability to cope with his new-found power and the fake morality or the English juxtaposed with the simpler yet ultimately more moral Bedouin.  Take your time to watch this movie, it is of a different pace than the modern action thriller.
B000001GXC|5.0|I know that is a bold statement but I believe it sincerely!  This was the first piece of classical I ever heard and all my dozens of cd's have been measured against it since!  These symphonies have it all.  Just like the ocean that Mendelsohn was sitting by as he wrote there is an obvious rhythm.  The music drifts slowly until there is an explosion and a crashing wave of sound that stirs something inside.  Then it relaxes...only to crash down again.  A very exciting and enjoyable piece of music that never loses its flavor.  Just like each individual wave that we ride in surfing is different, so each experience with this piece will be different...check it out, you won't be sorry...(and the berlin orchestra does a spectacular job!)
0679745653|4.0|I read this book because I absolutely LOVE the movie, Breakfast at Tiffany's with Audrey Hepburn.  The book is excellent and there are distinct differences between the book and the movie, of course, but neither the book or the movie is harmed by these differences.  Audrey Hepburn was a brilliant Holly Golightly!  The story, Breakfast at Tiffany's is very interesting and very well written.  (of course, Hollywood had to change the ending!!)<br />Also in this book are three short stories that are very interesting and a bonus to the reader.<br />I highly recommend this book.  It is excellent!
B000056K04|4.0|This album is better than what people give it credit for. A few stupid songs but all in all pretty good. The saxophone and violin seem to have dissapeared completley except for a couple of minutes.<br />I Did It: The reason I bought this album. I Like the new guitar on this song but on this song only.<br />When the World Ends: Hate this song, way too slow (good chorus though)<br />The Space Between: Almost a good song but a little too slow<br />Dreams of our Fathers: There are two songs on here that have something to do with fathers and they are both great!<br />So Right: Like the begining but the chorus is not so great<br />If I Had it All: Sort of a good song but not the  really<br />What you Are: I Love this song from the slow begining to the fast beat middle and end<br />Angel: Least favorite song This album could be without this song and be replaced with someting a little faster in beat<br />Fool to Think: This song is great eventhough it could use a little more of Boyd's Violin<br />Sleep to Dream Her: Good song even if there is not much rythym to it.<br />Mother Father: My favorite song on this album From Carlos Santana's guitar to Dave's questioning<br />Everyday: The only song that actually sounds like a Dave Matthews song good Song
0671027344|1.0|For the first 50 pages I thought this book was great. The character was well built and easy to like and the situations he got into weren't that absurd and weren't over dramatized. After that however it became the single worst book i have ever read outside of school. I was actually insulted by the idea that someone wrote this book for teens. The character of charlie finds himself in every single situation, if you think this book might relate to you, don't worry it will. The author made sure to touch on every single problem confronting teens today, destroying the books integrity in the process. The only thing worse than the two hundred and six pages of this book were the six pages of eppilouge which absolutely disgusted me.      I can't tell you what happened in the eppilouge as it might ruin the book for you, surely reading it demolished the minimal respect I almost had for the book. If your looking for a coming of age story, then I will suggest catcher in the rye. I'm guessing this author really liked it because that's the book from which he (...) anything in perks of being a wallflower that might hold any truth on the lives of teenagers. In short I hate this book, I just finished it about a half hour ago.                                            love always,                                            charlie
B000002IPZ|5.0|Testament is one of my favorite band (although I'm not too keen on their new stuff they have put out).  All of their cd's up through &quot;Low&quot; is great.  This is great thrash metal and I STRONGLY suggest their best cd (and my favorite cd of all time) 1989's &quot;Practice What You Preach.&quot;  If you like older style thrash metal, you CAN NOT GO WRONG WITH THAT CD.
B00000J2PH|4.0|While a bit insipid for my &quot;mature(?)&quot; taste, Tapestry was and is a classic.  I bought this at the request of my 13 year old neighbor and she loves it (as I did when it first came out). Carole King's voice and words are a bit melancholy, but definitely had and have an appeal.
B00004RYZT|5.0|There's not much more I can say about this that hasn't been said in the other reviews.  The DVD is the best way to go because of the quality and the special features.  It contains a hidden video for the song &quot;Stripped&quot;.  Kinda hard to find, so have fun.  The only downside of owning the DVD rather than the video is that the video has an extra song in it.  The DVD isn't edited, but just doesn't contain that one song.  I haven't seen it yet and know that I'd never watch the video, so I'm not going to buy it, but it would be nice to see that one song performed some time.
B00005M989|1.0|this is not the best, not the worst, just the most popular.  I can't believe the Purple One would even bother okaying this &quot;project&quot;.  Who cares?
B000000OA6|5.0|Queen had quite an unusual career. They never really 'evolved'; their changes in style were hardly gradual. They did something, then they did something else. It shows in New Of The World; it shows in The Game; it shows in Hot Space. Of course Hot Space was a disaster, but that's just the point: they were never afraid to take chances. I, for instance, am a big fan of Queen's early opera-rock; but they stopped doing it exactly when they should have. Another opera-rock album after A Day At The Races would have been really too much, so they went off and did a heavy rock album instead (News Of The World).<br />In the same way, Innuendo came totally out of nowhere. Over the 80s Queen made various attempts at contemporary music styles, doing music much lighter and easier than their heavy 70s prog-rock. Most of their big hits were catchy pop-rock tunes like 'A Kind Of Magic' and 'Breakthru'; their more thoughtful, more powerful songs were only released on albums ('Was It All Worth It', 'Is This The World We Created'). 1989's The Miracle is the peak of that style, not only musically but lyrically as well - Almost every song on that album is happy, optimistic and cheerful, with lovely, cheerful titles like 'The Miracle', 'Breakthru' or 'The Invisible Man'. Now listen to Innuendo.<br />From the very first notes of the epic title track, Innuendo has a different mood altogether. Very heavy, very sad, very, very cynical, with minoric harmonies and heavy bass lines. Freddie Mercury's vocals, already very ill, are at their very best, and are absolutely heart-tearing. He sings with genuine pain, despair and rage - at whom? The world, perhaps. Brian May gives his guitar his whole, and drummer Roger Taylor and bassist John Deacon also do a marvelous job. &quot;Peter Pan&quot; Taylor shows unusual maturity in his songwriting ('These Are The Days Of Our Lives' is his work, and he also wrote quite a lot of 'Innuendo'. His other song on the album, 'Ride The Wild Wind', is closer to his usual style, but also a good song.) Deacon offers the beautiful 'Don't Try So Hard', on which Freddy gives one of his finest vocal performances ever. And Mercury, whose writing deteriorated greatly during the 80s, supplies one of his most ingenious, superb pieces - 'I'm Going Slightly Mad' - doing a wonderful vocal job. He also contributes the less notable but excellent 'All God's People' (with Mike Moran, who also co-wrote many of the songs on Barcelona) and 'Delilah' (It's about his favorite cat, in case you haven't figured it out yet.)<br />Brian is the backbone of the album, supplying heavy rockers which stop the album short of becoming a bit too soppy - 'I Can't Leave With You', 'The Hitman' and the superb 'Headlong' - traditional heavy metal tracks with great guitars, drums and bass. His real contribution, however, is the last two tracks. Bijou is a beautiful number, being, basically, a three minute guitar solo, showcasing his amazing skills and giving him a chance to expand beyond the short, precise, excellent solos he supplies on nearly every Queen track - a truly moving piece. The vocal bit is short, but precisely placed and flawlessly performed by Freddie. The final track, though, is easily the best on the album. It's also, possibly, Brian's all time best, matched only by 'The Prophet's Song'. Brilliant lyrics, beautiful music. All band members gave this one their whole, especially Freddie. 'The Show Must Go On' is a farewell as wonderful as the Beatles' 'The End', and its finale is simply brilliant (go on... go on... go on...). A perfect ending to the album - and to Queen's career. A beatiful album, not only for Queen fans but for all music lovers.<br />'...Inside my heart is breaking, my make-up my be flaking but my smile still stays on...'
6300271439|5.0|&quot;Who's that Girl&quot; is one of a few movies that Madonna made that are actually good.  This movie was ignored by critics and audiences during the summer of 1987.  Had they bothered to view the film, they would have seen that YES Madonna can act and YES she can be funny and make a good film.  &quot;Who's that Girl&quot; is a really funny movie.  Madonna does a great job acting the part of Nikki Finn a recently paroled prisoner. She enters the life of a conservative attorney and takes him on a wild ride.  I'm telling you. If you like Madonna at all, or, even if you don't like her, this movie is not to be missed.  An added plus is the awesome soundtrack which featured 4 new songs by madonna.
B00005M989|4.0|The Songs that were big for Prince back in the day are 5's.there are some weaker tracks on here.anyway the downer between Prince&Warner Brothers this is where things get Ugly.all the issues involving Prince&Warners makes this Package cheap.the bad is the Edit versions many missed jams.but The Good out of this could be a Newer Era of Music Fans checking into a Very Important Artist.at this stage in the Game any Exposure for Prince that focus on His Music is a Welcome Sign.The Music that is making this Set is a 4 Warner Brothers Cheapness&Considering the the Box Set that came out back in 93 makes them a Zero.the last Track \\"Money don't matter 2 Night\\" Speaks Volumes on both Prince&Warner Brothers.Prince is a Better Artist than this but I Don't Know what will happen next???
B000002UJQ|5.0|The concensus is practically unanimous: this is one of the best and most important albums of all times, and, in my opinion, the best rock album of the 90's. A dense, complex, melancholy-full masterpiece about humans and machines, and that deals deeply not only with our future, but our past and present as well. I can't put on pen the excitement I feel everytime I listen to this Radiohead jewel. Yet the best thing was to know that after &quot;Ok Computer&quot; they could prove to the whole world they could go far away and beyond and reinvent themselves with the admirable &quot;Kid A&quot; and the fabulous &quot;Amnesiac&quot;.
B00004XQ83|3.0|I really got a kick out of the &quot;Constant Sorrow&quot; song featured in the movie.  It was a fresh, innovative and catchy tune that seemed to cut across style genres.  I had hoped that the rest of the soundtrack album would be similarly interesting, but I'm a little disappointed.  The rest of the material isn't nearly as enjoyable.  Some of the &quot;covers&quot; to old standards add nothing to the traditional interpretations.  So I just click around to the few songs I like, then move on to another disk.
B000002UAR|5.0|If I were to tell you that the best song of all time was \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\", you would probably snigger.  But TECHNICALLY it is the best song, if only because it is (only just) the best song on the best album by the best band ever. I shan't even bother to start to talk about the album itself, words cannot even begin to think about describing the experience that awaits you if this album is in your hand.<br />It moves, it rocks, it probes, it thinks, it shrugs - it does every human emotion.  Not to mention the fact that it was the most diverse and groundbreaking albums of it's time in terms of genre and style.  Even more insane - it was all recorded on a 4-track recorder!  I can't comprehend, neither will you, but you will enjoy, you will be amazed - and to think that each band member has significant moments in the album, points more toward the fact that The Beatles were the best band ever, and if one thing made me proud to be english it is this album.<br />This is Sheer Genius, you are not allowed to have a musical opinion if you haven't listened to this, the bible of music.
B00004RFFU|5.0|I have this movie memorized word for word, scene for scene! Minus the full nudity, movie can't get better then then this. I love how the vamires aren't really monsters, they're people, immortal people. Tom Cruise did a masterly job, Brad pitt/Kirsten Dunst too. I read all of Anne Rices books after watching this movie, became a hardcore Tom Cruise fan, critisize a lot of vampire movies I used to like, for example; John Carpenters: Vampires, (I really like James Woods too) Blade, Dracula 2000, Pale blood...I now think the crosses, Garlic and stakes are retarded or as Louis would say, it's &quot;Nonsense.&quot; I must say that I still like Bram Stokers: Dracula, just because. So go out and buy thie movie! it's too good not to buy!!!!
B000001GPW|5.0|This recording captures all the excitement of these three wonderful, perfectly distinct one from another, and yet all unmistakeably Bartkian, pieces.  All the excitement, the musicality, the dance, the lyricism, the enchanting night-music, the muscular folk-rhythms.  I have long loved these three pieces;  all the recordings I heard before fell short in some way, though some were very fine indeed.  In this recording, the soloist and the orchestra work together, breathe together, dance together ... which testifies to the harmony between soloist and conductor, and the unity of intent between conductor and orchestra ... all the more remarkable with such demanding scores as these.  This recording is a monument in the art of the concerto.
0783226063|3.0|The first time I saw this film in the theatres back in 1984 I was totally impressed. When it later was released on TV I was surprised by some of the changes but still liked it.  But now after many years and having reread Frank Herbert's book I find that this version of Dune was way off the beam.<br />Yes it had many of the elements of the story(totally out of order in their occurence in the book), but in fact was fully rewriten having only the basic air of the original story.  Certain parts of this movie were only part of the movie and never appeared in the orginal story and parts that should have been included were'nt.<br />The movie should have been released as an adaptation of Frank Herbert's Dune.  The version made by the Sci_Fi Channel actually followed the original story more closely with only a few alterations(order of some scenes).  The more recent version was far better.  Still as a movie with some interesting special effects the 1984 version of Dune is okay but not great.  If there is a way to bring parts of the longer television version togather with the theatrical version and release it again on dvd you may have something.  Also to do this they need to use the more recent Sci-Fi Channel version as a model when doing this.
6305363668|3.0|Sales of the original uncut version would exceed sales of the director's cut.
B000002KKD|5.0|I bought this album(note that I didn't say CD)many years ago when I first started college.  Since then, I have added the cd version to my collection so that I could play it more often.  It has the classics Rock Lobster and Planet Claire plus many others.  There isn't a bad tune on the disc.
0345409671|2.0|I have to start by stating that I am a huge Anne Rice fan.  I read the first four books of this series and thought them to be incredible moving, insightful, and a pleasure to read.<br />Memnoch, the Devil was a true disappointment.  Perhaps it was my high expectations, given the previous four books. What appealed to be about Anne Rice was her incredible insight into the human psyche and her ability to capture the depths of human emotions.  In Memnoch, Rice goes off on a very strange tangent by focusing on religious issues of God and the devil.  Although her ideas of good and evil [and heaven and hell] were mildly interesting, this novel had very little to do with the human experience.  I found myself painstaking having to &quot;finish&quot; the book [I always have to finish a book, no matter how bad it is].  I still haven't given up on Anne Rice and hope Vampire Armand will redeem her.
B00004XOWM|1.0|his old stuff was good but now he just tried to over do it and just plain ... this may be very short but there is not much to describe when the cd is PLAIN JUNK.
B000002ADT|5.0|Why is this fruit of a singular recording session still so highly touted and such a consistent seller, still such a monster going on half a century later? The short answer is \\"Virtuosity and Revolution (read, Innovation).\\" Oh, and let me not forget the root cause, contained in Duke Ellington's adjuration (as valid today as when my parents were pups), \\"It don't mean a thing if it ain't got that swing!\\"<br />Coming up, I was advised that jazz is an acquired taste, like caviar (which, however, I liked the first I tried it, and I still don't care for much fishy). Jazz appreciation was considered an emblem of sophistication and maturity. I knew I was grown when I finally \\"discovered\\" Lady Day. (My parents had been playing her records for years and my callow ears couldn't stand the sound of her voice!)<br />Likewise Miles. My father had albums like BALLADS and QUIET NIGHTS, QUIET STARS in his collection, but I didn't want to hear it. Coming out of college in 1970, though, I was getting into LIVE/EVIL (mostly due to the influence of peers, ..., and rock crossovers like Sly, Hendrix, the Isley Brothers, and Parliament/Fundadelic.) I became a freak for ON THE CORNER. But when an older dude chided me for stating JACK JOHNSON was my absolute favorite Miles album--\\"What? That's all the Miles you've heard?!\\"--I had to step back and take stock. I mean, I wanted to be down with the down musical crowd I was hanging with.<br />Epiphany came during a weekend at my parents' house. Late one night, up by myself, I slipped MY FUNNY VALENTINE--a record of a live 1964 concert at Carnegie Hall--onto the quad deck and tripped out. Hmm, I said to myself, this is deep! I smuggled the album out of my father's house and into my collection. (Two years later I did 'fess up. \\"I wondered what happened to that record,\\" he said. He smiled. His boy! I never gave the record back.)<br />Maybe it's true that we're addicted for life, taste-wise, to the music we heard as kids; that becomes the yardstick bywhich we measure \\"good music.\\" Miles' music began to make an impression on me in my early 20s. To this day--from vinyl to cassettes to CDs--KIND OF BLUE and SKETCHES OF SPAIN, particularly, have formed the bedrock of my music collection. Fundamental. So why?<br />One, I respect the creative effort. Miles' KIND OF BLUE ensemble was one of what he considered his two all-time great bands. (The other is the early 60s Herbie Hancock/Ron Carter/teenaged Tony Williams rhythm section, with first George Coleman, then later Wayne Shorter on sax.) Everyone could flat out play! Then, consider the legendary circumstances: Miles walks into the studio not with arrangements, but ideas jotted on scraps of paper. \\"You play this . . . You play this . . .\\" They proceed to play and four of the five tunes are recorded in one take; the fifth tune in two takes. Unheard of! Not to mention stuff like all the musicians being in the same room at the same time, within sight of each other--no multitracking, no overdubs, no electronic manipulation of the \\"product\\" by imperious producers and engineers. Think about the extraordinary rapport, even trust, that had to exist among this group of musicians . . .<br />Then, there's the musical revolution thing. In his autobiography, Miles boasts, \\"I've changed the direction of music five or six times!\\" Well, in this session--basing his tunes on a modal rather than traditional harmonic chord structure--Miles was working on change #2 or so. A very different sound. Miles (bless his Geminian heart!) periodically liked to shake things up, push the musical envelope. But the key lies in the album title. Again, in his autobiography, he confesses his life and career long obsession has been the pursuit of the blues--his earliest and most enduring musical influence. You can hear it so clearly in his last albums (especially STAR PEOPLE!) But what's going on here is kinds of blues--Miles transcending and extending \\"classic\\" ... big band style blues, with other influences seasoning the mix. I mean, \\"Flamenco Blues\\"? What would an Iberian inflected blues sound like? Miles gives it a try--THAT'S revolutionary!<br />And then, like I said, the whole brew swings. The tempos, the moods may vary--that's the nature of the blues, no matter how hard core--but the attitude is there. And, fact is, the music doesn't have to THUMP to have pulse. (But for sheer wicked pulse, \\"Freddie Freeloader\\" is and has always been my favorite cut.) On the other hand, it has power to soothe--\\"balm of hurt minds . . . sore labor's bath . . .\\"<br />OK, you can tell I love the album and that's not likely to change in this life. I've been grooving to it for 25 years. Remarkable thing is, I nearly always hear something different; even when I don't, it doesn't fail to move me somehow. My toes  tap, my face gives way to a wicked pleasure grin--I feel alive! As the word used to be back in the day, the music is \\"sayin' somethin'!\\" Now that is good music . . .
B000002U82|5.0|There is something so deeply beautiful and satisfying about this album that cannot be put into words. It is a symphony on life, time and insanity, precluded and followed by the eerie echoing of heart beats. The lyrics themselves are stunningly relevant in their commentary and seem to communicate the truths of life directly to your subconscious. You can relate to every syllable.  Technically it is perfection itself. There are no highs or lows, it is a rollercoaster ride of emotion and melancholy that will sweep you away and be over before you even realise. It is almost impossible to differentiate between each song such is the completeness of this album, they fit together so well like a seamless jigsaw puzzle.  I cannot stress the depth and importance of this album enough. Listen to it all on a cold, rainy night and the experience will change you.
0446677450|5.0|Alas!!  Finally, a book that expressed in simple and understandable words the evident: our children won't be able to survive these technological and sociological changes without the guidance of well-informed parents.  Our education system has proven to be obsolete once and once again.  Mr. Robert T. Kiyosaki nailed it!!  Just as it is important to talk to our kids about drugs (or the streets will), it is vital to advice them financially (or the bankers and credit cards will).  Finally, I have a structured instrument of learning the arid financial lingo that also helps me to pass it on to my children. An absolute must!
B00005LLK8|5.0|For all you skeptics, this is a must see movie.  I had read so many good thing about Billy Elliot in publications I wanted so see what all the buzz was about.  I talked my wife into going and we were both blown away.  It was one of the best feel good movies we had seen in ages.  We loved Jamie Bell and can't wait to see him in something else.  He is a delight as well as the rest of the cast.  We both think this was lost in the shuffle at the Oscars.  If you haven't seen it yet take the time to do so!
B00005ATQC|4.0|I kept looking for her.  Of course all the guests were wearing masks... but... somehow I thought that was the whole point of the film.  That the Tom Cruise character (as the surrogate for all of us) has lived with certain notions of *how things are*.  This film is about the unraveling of those notions.  Yes, Doctor, your rich friends have secret parties that you can not imagine.  Oh and yes, your wife has been involved all along.
B000059R8Y|4.0|I am really a newcomer to Eric Clapton, this is the first album that I have purchased.  I was really pleasantly surprised at the easy listening capability of this album.  It is an excellent way to unwind after a long day.  Tracks like &quot;I Want a Little Girl&quot; and &quot;Don't let me be Lonely Tonight&quot; will definitely put a smile on your face.  It also has songs to pick you up like &quot;Come back, baby&quot;, and &quot;Superman Inside&quot;.  If it is instrumentals you like you should know that the best in the business are Eric Clapton, with Bruce Hornsby coming in a close second.  There is evidence of this in the uplifting &quot;Reptile&quot; and the truly soulful &quot;Son &amp; Sylvia.&quot;  So whether you need to be picked up or wound down this is a perfect CD for almost any occasion. You'll find out soon enough, enjoy.
6302035074|1.0|I was SOOOOO disappointed in this movie. I'm a HUGE Wes Craven fan, and I was so excited to get this early work. However, it really does not measure up to nearly what I expected. I wouldn't waste the time watching it again. Once was more than enough. TERRIBLE! Sorry Wes.
0790730960|5.0|This is my favorite Batman movie, The Penguin isn't as interesting and entertaining as The Joker but every scene in which Catwoman and Batman are together is great, especially the mistletoe lines. This movie is darker and more serious than the first Batman movie, I'm waiting for the guys at WB to release some kind of Special Edition, because I bought the first Batman movie and it's extra-free nothing, not even the trailers, only dated biographical pages for you to read about the main people involved in the movie. I sure hope for Burton to come back with Michael Keaton and do one more Batman, probably with Michael Keaton kind of realizing that he's getting old for the job but will have to wear the black cape one more time against his ultimate foe! Ha, ha, ha, I know that that's not gonna happen, but hey one can always dream.
0375703861|5.0|This is a wonderfully engrossing book.  With each chapter the characters take on depth and oddities that make them feel like you know them like you know yourself or closest friends.  I am not finished yet, (finished up page 257 last night) and I don't want it to end.   And this is from a 25 year old author!  What an incredible talent.  I can't wait to see what she does next!
0790729628|5.0|This movie is not one of the greatest sci-fi movies ever done, it's one of the greatest movies ever done, movies like this should be topping all time box office charts, (this movie barely gave any profit when originally released). Harrison Ford chose wisely when commiting to this project another great movie, director Ridley Scott transports us to the future, I wish so badly that time could be changed and this movie would have made lots of money and spawned a couple of good quality sequels. K.W. Jeter wrote three novels that are sequels to this movie, check the first novel Blade Runner 2: The Edge Of Human.
B0000520SK|5.0|these are 2 great movies, both incredibly funny. forget the new super duper deluxe american pie, stick to this one, it is perfectly fine.
B00005LQ25|5.0|This is a wonderful movie! I try to introduce it to everyone I know,-it is that good. Julie Andrews stars as a young woman of the 20's fresh out of business school, and in the big city. She becomes roommate with fresh-face Mary Tyler Moore. It is very funny, and entertaining. The two break into dance at any given moment. For example, during an arguement,the two young women step onto the elevator. The elevator is jammed, and the only way to get it to go is to dance. So here they are, dancing and arguing.--For twenty floors up. It is also a romance, but very clean. My girls first watched it at age 5 and 9 and they still love it! Great for a snowy day! I get this video as a gift for people of all ages. This is well worth the money!-I promise!
B000000I0G|4.0|I first bought this album in the mid 80s and then it was on vinyl.  Since then I have moved a zillion times and I really don't know where all those old vinyls are anymore.  I have listened to a lot of weird music before, but this has to be one of the best.  Family man is incredible, and so is five miles out.  Buy it, if you are like me and not totally sold on the tubular bells concept, but actually like the synthesis of pop/oldfield (can't think of a more suitable description of this genre).
B00003XB8K|5.0|I love ALL of Enigma's cd's.  Can't wait for the next one!
B000007OY0|5.0|RObbins and Freeman deliver the goods here. ITs a example for those guys that think that Stephen King can only write about horror. He proved more than once that is an amazing and versatile writer. This one is an example, APT PUPIL another . This movies here is majestic, nearing  perfection, a pleasant surprise in this age of imbecile and mediocre films like MISSION IMPOSSIBLE II.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Where do I begin?  &quot;OK Computer&quot; is the alpha and omega of art rock, quite possibly the greatest album ever made.  Every sound that emerges from its 53:29 running length is a gorgeous revelation, a helpful guide that takes the listener one step closer to aural nirvana with every spin.<br />After the dust has settled between one's ears and the music on the disc has become familiar (and all the better for it), one becomes aware of stunningly new ideas floating beneath the surface--primarily the belief that the modern things that we may see as old (airbags, computers, motorways, etc.) lost the shock of their intital impression on society through simple overexposure (unfortunately, the same thing has happened to Radiohead as a band, but that's nitpicking).  The band carefully combines familiar ideas like airports and buzzing fridges with fantastic ones like alien abductions and paranoid androids, driving home the awe that we all should feel in the wonders of modern life.  The music itself reflects this balancing act, sounding simultaneously joyful and depressing, fitting every possible mood (which only adds to its 'favorite album' potential).  Even the title of the album is futuristic, combining a common phrase one would never expect to see on an album cover with the archetypal symbol of the late 20th century.  The high concept at the heart of &quot;OK Computer&quot; is imbedded in every fiber of its being--but don't worry, you can rock out to it, too.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Since this is the 765th review of this album, there is not much to say that undoubtedly has not been said already. The songwriting and epic sweep of this album make it many people's idea of one of the greatest rock albums of all time. <br />I have a friend who is a classical violinist with a Masters in Composition who nonetheless is interested in popular music and admitted he liked Kate Bush.  In order to learn more, he enrolled in a class at the (extensive) music dept. of a local university where they were teaching some sort of popular music appreciation class. When I asked him what bands they were exploring, he said Radiohead.  He said of this album that it &quot;had good harmonies but was apocalyptic.&quot;  I think it's telling even a major music dept. in a university here in New York City recognizes this as a landmark album and Radiohead as the band to watch.<br />I've been listening to and collecting music ever since the Beatles' first invasion of the U.S. and that means almost 4 decades of trends--there have been many bands I've loved, many albums I have bought and adored. I'd have to say this is definitely in my top ten.
0789723107|5.0|A very good and truly common sense guide to the all-important subject of usability. The author has good humour, and a good sense for the essential things. This is not a 1000-page bible, but a 200-page full-color guide for you and me, that you will 1. understand perfectly, 2. enjoy reading, 3. remember every time you see (or design) a website. It has the essentials laid down without any unnecessary funfair.<br />I enjoyed it very much and I think I would send one to a couple of very experienced web designers who just don't \\"get\\" that websites are designed for real people to be used in everyday life and not to be some sort of experimental work of art that noone has access to. Great job, Mr. Krug!
B00000IPAX|2.0|Blink 182 must've been threatened with an enema by their record company to have pumped out this perfect pop disc. From beginning to end they pleased both teeny boppers and MCA record executives. They've proved themselves not much better than n'sync where money matters are concerned. Another classic case of money poisoning a band's music. It's a shame since they seemed more promising on their previous three albums. <br />Maybe Scott Raynor had the right idea when he left to attend college?
B00003CX5P|3.0|I think the DVD will make up for the bad quality of the movie.  I have a feeling that the next movie will be better than EP1.  Someone said why not have it on DTS, I don't think this would be a good idea as for the low take up on DTS compared to DD5.1.  But a separate DVD for DTS users would be a good idea.  I myself am looking forward to it, and have read a strong rumor that a TRAILER FOR EP2 may be on it!<br />Thanks Mark
B000002N2P|4.0|Despite the SEVERE disappointment of Warning, I can't help but give positive reviews to Insomniac. Insomniac is the angriest, darkest Green Day album thus far. I doubt anything this punk will ever be put out by Green Day again. Because of this album, Green Day has to be respected as a very talented punk band, regardless of future releases. No matter their status as sell-outs, this is a highly regarded album by many who choose to be open minded about Green Day's decisions so many years after they were made. It's a mistake to judge this album based solely on personal opinions of the band.
B000002C25|5.0|To all of the critics that helped cripple the album sales of this wonderful album, I shun you. This LP isn't like Morning Glory, but -to me- it has much more class. Not all the sounds feed a tad off the other, and you recieve yer whole dose of classic Oasis, from &quot;D'yer know what I mean?&quot; to &quot;All around the world (reprise)&quot;. there is everything in this LP, sadness, pure joy, lots of emotions and situations, and every song means something special to Noel and Liam- which is why so many love them the way they do. <br />If you are the fan that is all for that new Champagne Supernova- like hit, you wont get that, but you will get over 10 songs with pure emotion and feeling, which, my friend, is all that you need in a wonderful album.
B00000064G|5.0|&quot;Pink Moon&quot; is one of the saddest--and most beautiful--albums put to tape. <br />&quot;Road&quot;, &quot;Horn&quot;, &quot;Things Behind the Sun&quot; and &quot;Parasite&quot; are the sad songs. Otherwise, I think the album has more of a bittersweet feel to it. Sure, Nick Drake was melancholy and depressed, but he was able to find beauty in it and make pure art out of it all. <br />This is my favorite Nick Drake album because it is so pure with no strings attached--literally. Just his voice and his guitar, and a little twinkle of piano in &quot;Pink Moon&quot;. And the brevity of it all is so amazing--Drake says all he needs to say, and I wasn't thirsting for more. Sure, I would have loved to hear more of Nick's songs, but I don't think the album would have had as much of an impact on me. More songs and albums should be this way--it seems so many albums now and even back then thrived on excess.<br />And Nick's guitar playing really shines through. He was an exceptionally skilled guitarist, and he uses unique tuning on most of the songs on this record. His way of guitar playing has also shown influence on some of today's folk troubadours like Elliott Smith--another disciple of despair, misery and heartbreak.<br />As far as the Volkswagen Cabrio commercial goes, I don't look on it as a bad thing at all, so everybody should just stop their whining. It's bringing Nick's music to a wider audience, and I hadn't heard of him until a year and a half ago, so I feel VERY grateful. Nick Drake was one of the most talented singer/songwriters, and his music is a true work of art.
B000002JNJ|5.0|Pantera, the kings of heavy metal.  I can't emphasize the point enough.  They have such melodic riffs and just excellent drumming by Vinnie Paul.  Phil Anselmo growls and screams like 87 percent of the time, but he really has one of the best voices in hard rock, which is showcased in Cemetery Gates.  The &quot;debut&quot; of Pantera with Phil Anselmo is a great metal record and either IS owned by any fan or SHOULD BE owned.  Highly reccommended.  Heavy, melodic, fantastic lyrics, great sound quality, and just fun to listen to.  The four Panthers rule!!!
B00005LB50|4.0|Plus side: 1.) 22 demos! 2.) 6 remixes!  Minus side: 1.) NO extended bluebird! 2.) 21 songs REPEATED TWICE! 3.) 3 songs off the last LP NOT EVEN INCLUDED! 4.) NO LIVE CUTS ! (I don't care how lousy they sound to Neil!)<br />It doesn't take much to figure out what could have been...
B000003S09|5.0|&quot;Genius&quot; is without a doubt the most overused word when it comes to describing anyone involved in rock music(or some forms of music miscalled &quot;rock&quot; - Madonna comes instantly to mind).  But in the case of King Crimson, &quot;genius&quot; may be an understatement.  If any one album epitomizes their brilliance, it is ITCOTCK.  Unlike so many progressive rock albums, ITCOTCK places more focus on atmosphere than displaying technical ability - don't get me wrong, I love the technical stuff.  It may only have five songs, but the emphasis is on QUALITY and not quantity.  What better songs songs could you have than:<br />1.  21st-Century Schizoid Man - This song is so far ahead of its time it's scary.  It is at its heart a jazz number, but it has loud metallic guitar riffs and industrial distortion.  Contained within this song is one of the greatest guitar solos ever recorded. Bands like Rush got their inspiration from this masterpiece.  Not to mention it has amazing bass playing and drumming.<br />2.  I Talk to the Wind - It is hard to believe this song and &quot;21st Century...&quot; are on the same album.  Both songs may seem like polar opposites, but both songs equally brilliant along with the remaining three.  This is a beautiful song that has soft vocals, hypnotic flute, and great drumming.<br />3.  Epitaph - A powerful, bombastic 9 minute epic that builds in emotion as the song progresses.  The lyrics and music convey an apocalyptic feel.  The mellotron is put to good use here.<br />4.  Moonchild - The first few minutes of this song sound pretty much normal if not a little eerie with its usual verse-chorus-verse structure.  However, the next eight or nine minutes are a different story.  A lot of people think that KC were amateurishly puttering around with their instruments while recording.  I disagree.  This part of the song works best with the imagination.  Give it enough time, you'll be floored by it.<br />5.  The Court of the Crimson King - How great can a song get?  Not much better than this one.  The final track is pure magic with its medieval atmosphere, swirling flutes, and fantastic lyrics.  A great song until it ends, or does it?<br />Each of these five songs seem to have been created in their own different universe.  Yet, this album has so much scope that the songs fit in perfectly.ow great can a song get?  Not much better than this one.  The final track is pure magic with its medieval atmosphere, swirling flutes, and fantastic lyrics.  A great song until it ends, or does it?<br />Each of these five songs seem to have been created in their own different universe.  Yet, this album has so much scope that the songs fit in perfectly.
B00004XONN|5.0|First of all, I just want to advise you- don't listen to all the critics jumping on band-wagons saying that Kid A is &quot;Whiny&quot; , &quot;monotonous&quot; and simply &quot;too weird&quot;. For this album is none of the above. It is in fact a modern masterpiece, a 'soundtrack' to 21st century life if you like. in decades to come, people will realise how definitive this record will be in future music- just look at the new directions being taken by Blur (Music is my Radar), Muse (see Origin of Symmetry) and a whole number of typically indie bands using synthesisers,etc.        I'm 14 and I see this as the perfect soundtrack to accompany all the changes going on in a teenager's body, all the chaos in our minds, the un-certaintity and doubt in life, and the overall transition from child to adult. This is what I think of each individual track:<br />Everything in it's Right Place: Menacing, and intimidating,                                  Despite reassurance in the                                  vocals. This was written about                                 Thom's need for order.<br />                         Kid A: Beautiful, Dreamy &amp; Surreal.                                 Seemingly like a music box at                                 first, but the percussion kicks                                 in and it sounds like the                                 Soundtrack to an alien's life-                                  distorted vocals.<br />           The National Anthem: Similar to 'I Might be Wrong'                                 from 'Amnesiac', and similar                                 percussion to 'Take a Look                                  Around' by Limp Bizkit.                                 (Which was recorded after Kid A)                                 One of the standout tracks-                                  Begins with a simple riff, and                                 escalates into an awesome sax                                  solo,and eventually a full                                  Brass Band/Orchestra.<br />   How to Dissppear Completely: Second best track on the album.                                 Almost reminiscant of The Verve.                                 Tear inducing. In my opinion the                                  world NEEDS this song as                                 something we can all relate to:                                 wanting to &quot;Dissapear Completely&quot;                                 Beautiful, Haunting lyric- &quot;I'm                                  not here/this isn't happening&quot;.<br />                  Treefingers:  Seems very old- like you're                                  wandering around an ancient                                 castle- could be used in a                                  Survival/Horror video game like                                  Resi Evil or a horror film. No                                  Vocals.<br />                   Optimistic:  Would have been at home on 'OK                                 Computer'- &quot;normal&quot; guitar and                                  vocals. Coinsidently, this is                                 probably the poorest track on the                                 album and seems repetitive.<br />                      In Limbo: Similar to 'Knives Out', The new                                  single (again, from 'Amnesiac').                                 A nice guitar song, and another                                 one everyone can relate to-                                 being unsure of what to do,                                  insecurity, and helplesness.<br />                     Idioteque: The BEST song on the album.                                 Despite Kid A being publicity-                                 free and having no singles,                                  Idioteque had airplay on a number                                 of alternative radio stationsin the UK.                                 It contains a very uneven beat-                                 think garage/ drum &amp; bass, but                                 10,000 better. Beautiful synth                                  sounds. Debated lyrics.                                 nice lyrics (when desiphered !)                                 - &quot;Here I'm alive/ Everything                                 all of the time&quot;.                                 This song seems to have all the                                 elements of Radiohead's change                                 in direction. Chilling ending.                                 Thom's vocals suit this track                                 perfectly.<br />                 Morning Bell:  Not as good as the Amnesiac                                 version- more chaotic and forced                                 vocals. In a strange way this                                 song makes me think of 'Muscle                                 Museum' by Muse.<br />     Motion Picture Sondtrack:  Another very Chilling,                                 emotive, thought provoking track                                 (Radiohead seem to be getting                                 good at those !). The                                  Instrumental sounds like                                 accordian or harmonica but is                                 most likely to be synthesised.                                 Dreamy &amp; Surreal towards the end.                                 (The band couldn't have chosen                                  a better end to this record).<br />Whatever style of music you normally buy (Metal, Indie, Electronica, Techno), I'd recommend you buy this album. It's becoming gradually so influential. It makes you think so much about the meaning of each track, and the subject matters. Forget the Manic's attempts at projecting Political opinionsin their music- This album makes them seem ignorant, and &quot;Wannabes&quot; (to quote a little known girl band of a few years ago). So forget these fools saying that Radiohead have forgotten how to make music and got worse with Kid A &amp; Amnesiac. Believe me, they've got a whole lot better.
0316776963|5.0|David Sedaris is just plain silly and that's the beauty of him.  I just know if I was at a dinner party and he was seated next to me, I'd have a great evening.  His essay on Big John, the leftover in the bathroom, had me in stitches.  This is a very funny book and I will make it a point to read everything he's written.  What a gas!
B00005BJPO|5.0|I have been waiting forever for this to come out on dvd. I almost bought a laserdisc player just so i could watch this without the previous cheesy voiceovers.  In japanese with subtitles was better than the different and confusing story told in the previous english dubbing. I think the story would now make sense to someone who has only watched it once.  The characters themselves even changed in the previous english version. This version changes the characters to something much closer to how they are intended to be, at least how they are in the comics and japanese version.  They actually speak full sentances now! No doubt, I will miss the &quot;C'mon, ... dammit&quot;, but i guess you can't have everything.  I think the new version is better, in almost all aspects.  There is little debate that the colors are brighter and clearer.  There is less dirt on this cut.  The sound is remixed in dolby 5.1 . And you can hear the difference, I have heard better mixes, but this is one of the best.  Too bad it wasn't done in DST, which in my opinion is considerably better.If you haven't seen this movie, you should.  If you have any interest in anime at all, you should own this movie.
B00005BJPO|3.0|The movie Akira is awesome, at least the original (VHS) is.  This review covers the DVD release of it, so if you dont know the movie, look for another review. I was very dissappointed by the DVD edition.  While I do like the picture cleanup done for this release they totally ruined the audio.  It is done in 5.1 (i'm not complaining about that), but I have several complaints: 1)  the new voiceover is aweful in two regards: different dialog, in some cases it changes the whole meaning of the scene; and new voices (the tones) of certain characters just sound awful for the respective characters. 2) the music has been cut down!  the music is a big part of this picture and in alot of places it has been remixed down to total silence (music) in quite a few scenes.  because of this the whole mood of the movie has been cut down<br />For these reasons, I am keeping my VHS copy of Akira; the DVD just doesn't do it.  They should have put it on dvd as is, it did not need new voiceovers.
B000059MEK|5.0|I first heard these guys on Toonami.com where they have 3 out of four music videos ready to view at the time of this writing.  If you liked the show Star Blazers, then you will like these videos, because the director for the videos is the same guy who did Star Blazers.
B00005BF9Z|1.0|What a disappointment after the first great album but I have to believe this a record company hoodwink. These sound like rejected outakes from the original session and not new Manu material. Please stick with the first and wait for the real new stuff.
B00001MXWX|5.0|This movie has some really great moments.  I especially enjoyed the rekindling of the romance between Riker and Troi - now if they'll just explore that further in the next one (maybe a wedding?  It's about time for Riker to settle down a bit).  The thing I didn't like was the fact that Data had removed his emotion chip (despite the fact that it was fused into his positronic system in \\"Generations\\" and therefore impossible to remove), so we didn't get ANY exploration further into his dealing with emotions like we did in the previous two films.  It was VERY nice to see the Enterprise E in action, since she was little more than a Borg hive in the last one.  The special effects were great!  One question though: since the Federation obviously have cloaking technology (as is evidenced in one of the ships in this film), why don't they outfit all of their starships with it - or at least the Enterprise?  Still, despite these few odd points, this is a great entry into the franchise.  I think it escaped the \\"odd number curse\\".  Yes, it IS little more than an ... episode of the series, but it's good storytelling.  Hey, how about bringing back Q for the next film??
B00003CY5K|5.0|This movie is tha bomb and when it comes out on dvd, i'm gona buy it!
0783225881|5.0|I am not a huge Kevin Costner fan, but this movie goes way beyond the actors. As a avid baseball fan, this movie stirs the imagination! What baseball fan doesn't dream of being Ray and have this miracle happen to them? I can't say enough about how special this movie is, it's about baseball, family, love, trust and most importantly - the love of the greatest game and it's heros!  A must see!
6300263673|5.0|I first saw bits and pieces of the movie but i fell in love with the movie.  Then i could not figure out what the movie was called.  So i spent about 6 months trying to figure out what it was called.  So i finally figured it out and i went out and bought it. When i  got home i put it in and watched the whole thing for the first time. It made me feel kind of mushy inside. Then i watched it over and over again.  I must have watched it about 40 times that night.  I think that it is the best movie i have ever watched in my life i havent yet found a better movie.  I think that is the best movie in my whole house.
B000005HN6|5.0|Well, I do agree with most people saying Opeth is neither Black, nor Death, nor Gothic, nor whatever genre of Metal there is. But I say this, Opeth is metal. It may be Classical Metal, if there's such thing, however it would be really close minded to try to classify Opeth to one single genre. Metal predominates, this is heavy music. But you can see jazz, blues, 70s, etc influences. The accoustic passages are nothing short of beautiful. Opeth did nothing more and nothing less than to create its own niche in (metal) music, where it fits perfectly.<br />The first Opeth album I heard was Morningrise. After years, I still believe that it's their best. However, I haven't heard Orchid until I've gotten My Arms Your Hearse, and Still Life. I thought, aw well, usually debuts are half baked, nothing good. Man, was I wrong. I was so wrong, and I can't forgive myself that I willingly deprived myself of discovery of this gem for such a long time. <br />It's hard to describe Orchid. It's hard to describe Opeth'ian music (if not impossible). I'm very biased towards Opeth, I really can't see anything wrong in any, I repeat, any song. Orchid is beautiful. The soft side of Orchid is stunning. Akerfeldt delivers astonishing clean vocals, not to mention his Death growl. If I hadn't known this is a debut album, I wouldn't ever guess/think it is. The song structure is so mature, composition is awesome, the instruments are played with such musicmanship its hard to understand how is it possible to coordinate and such flawless flowing melodies. Every time I listen to Opeth, I find something new that I didn't disover before. <br />The only downside to Opeth is that it takes a few listens to become addicted to their music. It's like peeling an onion, first it seems like a rugged, strange surface, but after each layer (listen) you can see the beauty. Only, onions aren't beautiful, but its the best analogy I could find :)<br />Off topic: I find it very sad that Johan DeFarfalla (bass on Orchid,Morningrise) and Anders Nordin (drums on Orchid, Morningrise) left the band after their sophomore release. I know that Martin Mendez (bass replacement for DeFarfalla), and Martin Lopez (drums replacement for Nordin) are both excellent musicians, but I miss that bass sound, which is so predominant with DeFarfalla, I've never heard bass be so elegant before, just listen to Morningrise, and you'll see what I mean. And the drums are _excellent_ on both albums where Nordin participated, while the &quot;new&quot; drummer can replicate it flawlessly, there was still a different touch before. Opeth never released another 2 albums that could equate to Orchid and Morningrise. The sequence for best Opeth albums for me is: Morningrise, Orchid, MAYH, Blackwater Park, Still Life. But Opeth is Opeth, everything they do, shines.<br />In short, buy Orchid. Stunning work. There won't be another, so don't waste time, get it and immerge yourself in Opethian world of sorrow, death, beauty, sadness and tears. Long live Opeth.
B00004XMV6|5.0|This is a movie for all of you who like films like Wild Orchid and The Lover. It is a deep look into the lives of two manhattanites who fall into a lust driven affair. There is more than enough glimpses of Kim Basingers body and Mickey Rourke plays John Grey whom I believe to be one of the coolest characters to hit the silver screen.A definate, must have for your collection.
B00005JHAD|3.0|Three small-time hoods (Robbie Gee, Ade, Lennie James) walk into a bar and pull guns, pointing them straight-armed and trembling at a big-time hit man (Vinnie Jones), seated. Slowly, he reaches into his shirt, pulls out a much larger, cooler looking gun than theirs, and sets it on the table. He proceeds to point out that the word &#8220;Replica&#8221; is inscribed on the sides of their guns. Switch to close-up: beads of sweat forming on the brows of the three hoods.<br />This is the type of methodical, tension filled yet droll scene that can be so effective in a film like this, because the outcome is unpredictable. There are no heroes. Anyone could die, on purpose or from a stray bullet--and anyone could end up with a big bag of cash in their hand, only to lose it again and subsequently be chopped up and devoured by pigs. ... <br />Like Ritchie&#8217;s debut project, &#8220;Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels,&#8221; &#8220;Snatch&#8221; has enough twists and turns to choke a man-eating hog. But &#8220;Lock, Stock&#8230;&#8221; also had a charismatic character in the lead, missing in &#8220;Snatch.&#8221; Here, the character we latch to is One Punch&#8217; Mickey ONeal (Brad Pitt), who we end up wishing had some lines we could understand without translation (although a subtitle feature is available with the DVD).<br /> &#8220;Snatch&#8221; is a fast-paced, clever film with some definite gems. Benicio Del Toro&#8217;s brief appearance as Franky Four Fingers, Jones&#8217; reprisal of his tough-guy persona as Bullet Tooth Tony, and of course Brad Pitt&#8217;s mean Right Cross are all worth a second look.
0385501005|4.0|This book plays tremendously on personal experience, refering to instances so many people could relate to. The reality of &quot;Mr Commitment&quot; makes the humour, makes the frustration, makes the charm, makes it work! <br />The Duffy (Mr Commitment himself!) whom we meet at the beginning of the novel encapsulates the frustration, and yet the charm, suffered by every girl in love with a man terrified of committing himself. The accuracy of the character portrayal makes the humour of the work that much more acute, whilst Mike Gayle's insights into human relationships provide stimulating food for thought, alongside the gradual maturity and development of Duffy as the novel progresses. Experience reconciles him with his true desires and teaches him the value of what he could lose in a light and softly philosophical way. A refreshingly male perspective after the &quot;Bridget Jones&quot; trend and a genuine pleasure to read.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|What a spectacular, spectacular!  It is obvious why some just could not handle the bold expressiveness of this movie.  It is so overwhelming!  Quite an emotional rollercoaster ride.  I love it!!!  One moment, you're in party land, headbanging, high in absinthe...and the next, you are taken dancing in the sky, in love...I can go on and on, but I don't want to give out the whole movie.  I had to drag my boyfriend to see it...but in the end he loved it too and even said that it's the best movie he has seen this year!  His favorite scene was during the Hindi Sad Diamonds performance...the choreography was excellent.  Baz Luhrmann again shows off his genius...who would've thought of that version of Like a Virgin?!  Moulin Rouge may not have done well in terms of box office success, but it has a lot of creativity and life, and it shouts \\"BAM!\\" and sends a shockwave into your veins and stays in you for a long time...not many movies can do that!
630575070X|3.0|Forgive me for treading on holy ground.  I have, indeed, been one to hold the whole Star Wars saga near and dear to my heart.  This movie is awonderful spectacle that, I think, tried to please too many people at once. A victim of it's own popularity, I suppose. Don't get me wrong, I like the movie... hell, I LOVE the movie. I was just aware of too many things that seemed to be meant to &quot;hook&quot; a particular audience. Episode four drew it's strength from mythological archetypes (The young hero on a quest, the mystical mentor, the &quot;rogue samurai&quot;, etc.) while this one... well.. marketing surveys. (the adorable high energy star-struck kid, the goofy comic relief side-kick... etc). Also, I'm not sure it's wise to mess around with that whole &quot;virgin birth&quot; (or similar idea therein) thing with Anakin. Lots of little plot and character inconsistencies, and... *ahem... certain cast members who just bugged the hell out of me.  Not to slight it too much. I'm really not writing this to bash Lucas. Some of my favorite action sequences of the decade are in this film. There's plenty of high-octane Star Wars fun. The visuals are, of course, spectacular... first rate!  And I do not, as some maintain, believe that the movie became an excuse to spotlight ILM's capability.  What did you want?  a Star Wars movie with &quot;subtle&quot; special effects? Natalie Portman is particularly good in her role. Oh, and just the IDEA of Darth Maul had me drooling to see this movie (And I was so NOT dissapointed with him when he arrived). Also, we see some of the basic premises defined (well, defined for those of us who didn't get around to reading the books)  Things like:  We know what the Jedi can do, but WHO are they and what is their role in the grand scheme of things?  Similar issues with the Sith.  Looking forward to the next one.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This is a great CD!  A must have for any fan of musicals, especially of Moulin Rouge...how can you love the movie, and not have this CD?!  However, upon listening to the whole CD, it gives a sense that it is not complete.  I heard that a second soundtrack is in the works.  If there is a second soundtrack, I hope it includes: Come What May (the version that Nicole and Ewan sang near the end of the movie...I love how Ewan hit that high note!  Very powerful!), Spectacular, Spectacular (so fun), Like A Virgin (of course!!!  that got me sliding of my seat, laughing so hard!),  and Zidler's Rap (outside it may be raining, but here it's entertaining!).  I'm keeping my fingers crossed!!!
B00004WLXZ|3.0|There are some irritations involved with spending a deal of money on a DVD which contains a classic film, and then finding out once it is in your possession that the ultimate which might have been done to restore it to full satisfaction, has not been done.<br />   After having watched the restoration and resulting clarity and pristine quality of the film &quot;L'Avventura&quot; using the MTI Digital Restoration System, I have become a fanatic in advocating that those who release a classic film should submit it to that process first. I looked at a DVD version of &quot;Frankenstein,&quot; a short time ago...and the blotches and streaks which appear even more irritatingly because of the nature of the DVD make the viewer wonder why they cannot give us an excellent, restored print of every classic film.<br />    While the visual nature of this film is enhanced by the DVD process, still there are the white blotches here and there.  And the SOUND on this (Special Edition) version is tinny and wobbly...very irritating.  <br />   I do not know if the more expensive version has better visual and sound quality, or not.<br />   As for the nature of the film itself, I do not find it to be &quot;an assault on the senses&quot; as the add-on audio commentator claims.  It is too often static, slow-moving pageantry.  It does not excite or thrill or fill with awe...it simply is huge, and ponderous, and long.<br />   The best thing about this edition, though, is the add-on audio commentary.  It is interesting, informative, and in synch with what one is watching on the screen.  <br />   What they really need to put on DVD, after they clean up the print with the Digital Restoration Process, is Reifenstahl's  &quot;Olympia&quot; -- now that is a work of grandeur and sheer visual poetry, beauty, and power.
0140288503|5.0|I've been a big fan of military fiction, and must admit that when I first got Black Hawk Down, I thought that I had to push myself to focus, not get bored, and to keep reading it.  However, what happened was just the opposite.  I could not put the book down!  I have given up many hours of sleep to read just one more chapter, and one more chapter.  It is full of excitement and action, yet I would become awestruck as I remember over and over again that this is not fiction.   These \\"page-turning\\" events really happened.  Real men suffered the atrocities of war, and faced death alongside their brothers.  And 18 of their brothers were indeed taken away from them and their families.<br />I was also a bit worried that this book would be a one-sided story of war, but soon my worries were immediately put away, as I read chapters written through the eyes of many Somalis as well.  All I remembered from the media coverage of the 1993 battle was CNN showing footage of a body of a US soldier being dragged all over the streets of Mogadishu, and the media's put downs of the military's \\"blunder\\".  I'm grateful for this book, it has opened my eyes to what really happened that fateful day.<br />Praise goes to Mark Bowden who has successfully put together the stories of these extraordinary men and their families, and much admiration and sympathy to those (the soldiers and their families) who suffered through it.
B00003CWRX|5.0|&quot;The Insider,&quot; based on the actual story of a big-tobacco whistle-blower, is one of those movies that must to be seen to be believed.  Director Michael Mann creates a film whose sense of urgency crescendos as the picture goes on.  The tense atmosphere created in this film is simply incredible, considering there is no violence, only innuendo.  <br />While the factual aspects of this picture are in dispute, there can be no denying the incredible attention to great story telling that Mann displays.  Al Pacino is, as is usually the case, an impressive force on the screen.  His character is powerful and convincing, but never over-the-top.  Russell Crowe, however, absolutely steels the show as an overly aggressive tobacco executive who goes to the national media to tell of the industry's crimes.  His performance shows amazing humanity and vulnerability (It's amazing this is the same, nearly-immortal General Maximus of &quot;Gladiator.&quot;).  Crowe acts the part of the typical Shakespearean tragic figure; giving up everything he is just to do the right thing.  <br />&quot;The Insider&quot; is an intriguing dramatic thriller that is not to be missed
0425180638|5.0|I was totally shocked when I saw the average review for this book (only three stars)!  Jeez, I loved it!  I can never get enough of Kay, Pete, or Lucy (even though she is still a childish brat).  Ms. Cornwell has done a wonderful job of breathing life into these characters, and devising plot lines that keep me interested and on the edge of my seat.  I do recommend that if you haven't read Black Notice yet, go read it now before you start The Last Precinct.  TLP starts right up where Black Notice ends.  As a matter of fact, if you haven't read any of the previous Kay Scarpetta books, I really, really, really advise you to buy them from Amazon.com (or check them out at your local library) and make some time for some serious reading!
0345357116|5.0|This is a compilation of the tales that will answer most if not all your questions regarding Middle Earth.  For example how it came to be that Gamndalf thought of Bilbo when discusing the quest to Erebor with Thorin, and the Hunt for the ring through the eyes of the dreaded Nazgul.   You get a good deal of background on Wizards and the Palantiri along with information on the sea god Ulmo.  My favorite tale would have to be the disaster at Gladden Fields, where Isulder was slain by a host of Orcs, it filled in a much needed gap and provided alot of information regarding the events that followed.  I think it would be better to have read Tolkien's Hobbit, Lord of the rings and Simarillion first(since all the tales revolve around these).  Another reason to buy this is that it includes the only known map of Numenor that Tolkien ever drew(or maybe the only one we're aware of).  No less magical than any other of Tolikien's books, might be a little had to understand for the newcomer.
B000002HRE|5.0|This album is great esspeacially if you hate metallica.  my favs on this album are \\"low man's lyric\\",\\"fuel\\",\\"better than you\\",\\"unforgiven 2\\",\\"memory remains\\". james voice is better on this album then on \\"load\\" even though \\"king nothing\\" should have been placed on this album since it seems to fit this album more than load. i love the riffs and james' voice is great in almost every single song.<br />great album metallica!...
B00005B36H|5.0|P>   this album is clearly a true piece of a human's creative capability. it takes intelligence to know intelligence. tool arent gods but they sure know how to make some good music. i cant help but say that this has got to be the best album i've purchased in my lifetime....the first and last review of mine as well. THIS ALBUM ROCKS DUDE!! ITS LIKE SUPER DEEP ACID TRANCE PINK FLOYD OF THE WALL SUPERNATURAL
B00003CXSP|2.0|Maybe Anthony Hopkins doesn't need to try in order to scare us. He certainly makes it LOOK easy. His performance as Hannibal Lecter is again riveting and chilling. Thus ends the movie's good traits.<br />Much has been made of this movie being relatively gory compared to the first. I frankly think people don't remember the first if they think so, but I understand. Hannibal is much more PSYCHOLOGICALLY horrifying the aesthically horrifying. But the fact is the this horror does nothing to advance the plot. It is purely there to horrify. Without a sensible plot, Hannibal is only debatably worth your time.
0060207051|5.0|When we had a baby, one of the first things we knew we needed to get was a copy of Goodnight Moon.  I remembered it from my own childhood, and we'vc given it as a birthday gift more than once.  Sure enough, our daughter loves it; we're on our second copy since the original hardback we got has been read to death.  It was one of the first bedtime stories we read to her, and she still picks it from her shelf at night.
B000001IPL|5.0|Let me start by saying that the Offspring are an amazing band and you should own all of their CDs (with the possible exception of Americana).  However, they hit their peak with this one.  3 of the songs are radio classics (Come Out And Play, Self Esteem, Gotta Get Away) and the rest are just as good if not better.  This is the Offspring's hardest and fastest album too.  If you love speed punk then you will worship Bad Habit.  Get this one now!
B00003CXP0|5.0|I have to agree with the other reviews I have read. This movie is so disturbing and upseting, yet you keep watching it because of its powerful hold it has on you. All the performances were great, and whether you do drugs or not, it shows the reality of it all. And this movie is not only about illegal drugs, but it shows the effects of popping pills that doctors prescribe also. I have to admit, after the movie was over, I was in complete shock as the credits started rolling. The ending is so powerful in itself that there really is no way of explaining it. You just have to watch it. I sat there, trying to decide whether I actually liked the movie or not, and regretting not having watched the movie with others. But in the end, this is definitely a movie worth seeing, but only if you would consider a movie like this in the first place. My only advice is that you may want others around you while you watch it, especially if you are very emotional and get emotionally involved in movies, like me.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|ok, ok, so I'm a stupid 'cause i couldnt stop laughing , especially in the Stoned-Scream sequence and the WaZZup sequences!!!....... this title is the prototipical parodie movie, but a nice one!!... if u hated scream... u will luv more Scary Movie, all the actor got great roles, especially the... football player wich is unique!!!...... carmen electra... look great by the way.......
6302732875|5.0|I was initially interested in this film because it featured Al Pacino. His performance, as the most successful of the group of real estate agents, is assured and confident. The other cast members help make this adaptation of David Mamet's play into a classic film, one which almost equals Goodfellas in its quotability. Alec Baldwin's short but memorable scene as the firm's troubleshooter, sent to the agents' office to motivate/threaten the failing salesmen (minus the absent Pacino), is a career highpoint for the actor. Jack Lemmon is outstanding as over-the-hill and desperate Shelly Levine. Kevin Spacey gives evidence of his star quality in a minor role. The strong language is another feature that invites comparisons with Goodfellas. This is a film that I never tire of - everything about it is quality.
1556154844|5.0|Should be required reading for all beginning programmers.  I have 15 years experience and I still got something out of it. Very well written, very interesting.  I read 800 pages in 2 days, it was that good.  Hell, he made discussion of for loops interesting!  He backs his points with industry studies, rather than just offering opinions.  There was nothing in the book I disagreed with, and many points where I agreed.<br />Some parts of the book are a little out dated and he doesn't cover OO programming, but its still very valuable even today.
0767903854|5.0|Bill Bryson's books usually make me laugh out loud.  This one I found particularly funny, because I have spent time &quot;Down Under&quot; and could relate to many of his stories.  But even if you haven't visited, this book will bring a smile to your face and laughter to your lips.<br />This is basically a travel narrative on laughing gas.  It is accurate and interesting enough to make you want to visit the places Bryson writes about and, as a bonus, is immensely entertaining.  Any of Bryson's books are worth their asking price.  (One word of warning: if you are easily offended by sharp-witted attacks on hapless bystanders, stay away.  I sometimes found his remarks a bit off-putting and mean-spirited, but then realize he uses the same humor to refer to himself and really does demonstrate a love for all humankind.)
B000002GXX|5.0|The same year (1975) that their former benefactor and longtime supporter Linda Ronstadt made her big splash, so too did the Eagles with ONE OF THESE NIGHTS.  All three of their previous albums were well crafted but not overwhelmingly successful, commercially speaking.  This changed everything.<br />The title track, like &quot;Witchy Woman&quot; from the debut album, has a somewhat sinister and macabre feeling to it.  Bernie Leadon's own intergalactic bluegrass number &quot;Journey Of The Sorcerer&quot; is an underrated piece.  So too is Glenn Frey's classic &quot;Lyin' Eyes&quot; (which Linda herself should record).  The album is topped off by Randy Meisner's &quot;Take It To The Limit&quot; and Leadon's &quot;I Wish You Peace.&quot;  Leadon was to leave the Eagles shortly thereafter; he would have very little contact with them again until they were all inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998.<br />It's no secret why ONE OF THESE NIGHTS went to #1 on the charts.  It was one of the best albums released during a year in which they and Linda were among the only rock barriers against the disco onslaught.  Buy it; you won't be sorry that you did.
B00005MG2Y|4.0|Whether rock-rap or rapcore is going to live on for awhile or die off and fly into history next to other music genres that were short-lived remains speculated over constantly. I, personally, think that rock-rap will live on as long as it wants if talented artists like Linkin Park stay behind the wheel of it's driving force. Before anyone dares to stereotype this and throw it on the shelf next to their dust-growing albums of the same type, or their &quot;got way too old, way too fast&quot; Limp Bizkit CD's, this album DEFINITELY deserves several listens, although just one spin should get you hooked. How, you might ask? It's as simple as the fact that this is one of those rare albums where there simply is not a bad song on the entire thing. One can spin the entire CD without coming across a skippable track or a gut-wretching, space-filling interlude, which can't be said about too many groups in this style of music. Strictly no-BS here.<br />Leading the front of the group are Chester Bennington, with an amazing voice that would make Maynard James Keenan of Tool jealous, but with enough ferocity to scream his heart out on the level of some of today's loudest metal bands. Such a contrast is rare. Putting forth just as much contribution, and an equal frontman along Chester, is Mike Shinoda, strictly in charge of rap lyrics, who has the flowing ability, if not better, of most hip-hop artists. The crunching guitars of Brad Delson bring the rock part of the album to life, while Rob Bourdon's steady and fast-paced drums keep the beats so in check and so hip-hop oriented that one would swear it is a drum machine at points. However, the most bragging rights go to Joseph Hahn, the band's DJ. He can mix sound effects, cut records, and tear into his turntables with the same level of skill as DJ Lethal, among numerous others, all of which is gloriously reflected in the song &quot;Cure For The Itch&quot;, performed only by Mr. Hahn. Strangely, the band didn't even have a permanent bass player during the recording, and had to hire a bassist for each song, but now, thankfully, a permanent bassist by the name of Phoenix has solved those problems.<br />But that's just where the band lies. The music itself is no typical rapcore. The emotionally charged lyrics on all the songs take the music to a level that Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst can't even dream of achieving. Adrenaline-pumping hard rock songs such as &quot;Papercut&quot;, &quot;With You&quot;, &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, &quot;Crawling&quot; and &quot;Runaway&quot; will silence the skeptical on the heavy metal matter. Mike Shinoda gets a chance to show off his flowing skills on &quot;Points Of Authority&quot;, &quot;By Myself&quot;, and co-operates on the rock vocals on &quot;Forgotten&quot;. More melodic, but by no means quieter or calmer songs include &quot;In The End&quot;, &quot;A Place For My Head&quot;, and the album's finale &quot;Pushing Me Away&quot;. The band's sound itself has influences from A Perfect Circle, Deftones, House Of Pain, Nine Inch Nails, Papa Roach, Videodrone, and numerous others.<br />Fortunately, this version of the album has two added tracks attached to it. &quot;My December&quot; and &quot;High Voltage&quot;, which were originally released on the band's no-longer-available EP, are gracefully added onto here for some extra touch. Although &quot;High Voltage&quot; doesn't exactly fit the mood of the rest of the album, &quot;My December&quot; should have made it onto &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot;'s final cut, ranging as one of the groups best songs, amazingly moving and talented. The implemation of the keyboards in the tune are something not seen very often in Linkin Park's work, aside from &quot;In The End&quot;. This is not to mention that Chester Bennington's voice is absolutely beautiful and amazing on &quot;My December&quot;. &quot;High Voltage&quot; in itself is a decent song, although it is completely hip-hop and un-parallelled with the rest of the album. Definitely deserves a listen though, especially for the added DJ effects and whatnot.<br />In my opinion, the best songs on the album are &quot;In The End&quot;, &quot;Papercut&quot;, &quot;My December&quot;, and &quot;Pushing Me Away&quot;, although it's next to impossible to choose favorites, as every track is equally amazing. Don't stereotype this album with the rest of it's genre and forget about it. This is a must-have.
630382790X|5.0|Perhaps no single event in the history of spaceflight (save for the horrible \\"Challenger\\" tragedy) was as humbling as the near-catastrophic saga of Apollo 13. When an oxygen tank ruptured and exploded in the service module as the three-man crew of Jim Lovell, Fred Haise, and Jack Swigert were within 50,000 miles of a touchdown on the surface of the Moon, not only was the lunar landing scrubbed, but there was the strong possibility that neither they nor their ship would last long enough until re-entry.<br />Ron Howard's gripping 1995 epic shows us how the tragedy unfolded before an America that had become complacent, and also how some very sharp minds at Mission Control ensured that this most perilous spaceflight had a triumphant conclusion. Based on the book \\"Lost Moon\\" by Lovell and Jeffrey Kluger, APOLLO 13 gets great performances from the three-man team of Tom Hanks, Bill Paxton, and Kevin Bacon, as well as first-rate support from Gary Sinise (as Ken Mattingly, the initial command module pilot who was beached because of a feared rubella infection that never materialized), Kathleen Quinlan (as Marilyn Lovell), and Ed Harris as flight director Gene Kranz who urges his Mission Control team on by telling them \\"Failure is not an option.\\"<br />APOLLO 13 gives credit to both the crew and the entire Mission Control staff for having made the flight come to a successful conclusion when it could have ended in irreversable tragedy. Scientifically accurate special effects and James Horner's Copland-influenced music score are the icing on this, one of the best movies of the Nineties.
B000002UB6|5.0|Let It Be is often attacked as a weak ending to a fantastic career.  The thing is, it wasn't the end.  Abbey Road was the final album and the Beatles combined to end their career mastefully.  Let It Be on the other hand is far from being as good as that album...however, it still has important qualities.  It was intended as a return to roots and parts of it (those not &quot;re-produced&quot; by Spector) are the rawest music since Please Please Me.  Also, the songs, for the most part, are great...some of them showing the Beatles in a slightly different light.  Besides, it's a welcome change from studio experimentation (not that there's anything wrong with that).  And for those Beatle fans out there who haven't bought this yet, do you really want to be without the album which (kind of) united two of the most important music acts of the 60s (i.e. the Beatles and Phil Spector)?  But what really impresses me abou this album is how it predicts the future.  By combining a return to the roots with Spectors over the top production, the album sums up the following half-decades country music boom combining with pop-fluff in the same category such as Desperado and Born to Run (supposedly roots based music).  Any time an album can accurately predict the music that follows it for a decade or so you know it's important.
0312932081|5.0|Who would have thought.... The whole book is incredible. Card did a great thing when he wrote this one. The whole idea is amazing. I've read this book twice... When it first came out and again recently. Both times I thought it was great... Even when I knew what the ending was going to be.<br />Kids fighting a war light years away vis instant communication and virtual reality. <br />This is a must read! It's very fast!
0425170349|5.0|This book was awsome. It has lots of action. The only real bad part about it was the that the story ended.
0812550757|3.0|Coming on the heels of Ender's Game, this book is a little bit of a let down. The story is interesting, but no where near as intense as Ender's Game. Lot's of politics and philosophy here...  Kinda' makes you stop and think about your own values and the values of our society.<br />If I had not already read Ender's Game and I had just picked this one up, I probably would not have finished it. My respect for Card is so great that I finished it up even though I was not very interested.<br />If you have already read Ender's Game, this one will be ok. If not, steer away. Card has better books that you can read.
0060245867|5.0|This is a classic kid's story of a mouse that seems to want to do everything! I remember hearing this when I was younger and loving it! It's so much fun to read and the illustrations are adorable. If you are considering this book, buy it for your kids! You'll be glad you did!
B00003CX95|5.0|Wow! What an epic. Most people have no idea what it was like in the 13th century, let alone in remote Scotland.<br />I saw Rob Roy, but it does not compare to this film. The DVD is great. Plenty of additional information about the difficulties of filming in Scotland. <br />I don't care what people say about Mel being on an ego trip with this film. It's a great adventure! Mel did fine in his part. Everyone did.<br />The scenes, backdrops, countryside, weather....   Everything fit perfectly.
0446608955|5.0|This is the first Sparks' book that I've ever read.  I read the book twice in one week.  I absolutely loved it, from prologue to the end.  Sparks has successfully created characters that we can relate to.  The story is very moving.  There are pages that made me smile and laugh and pages that made me wanted to cry.  I highly recommand this book to everyone whether you are a romantic or not.  Can't wait till the movie comes out in early next year or later this year.
B0000026VZ|4.0|4 stars is really too low for this great collection, but to me giving 5 stars to a greatest hits collection denotes that most every notable or defining hit is included.  The most notable absence was &quot;Stranger In Town&quot;--which is a very underrated rocker from Toto's &quot;Isolation&quot; album--the follow-up release to the huge &quot;Toto IV&quot;.  I would have also liked to see &quot;Without Your Love&quot; off of &quot;Fahrenheit&quot; included, not to mention maybe a rock track or two from their earliest stuff.  Also, the new songs with singer Jean-Michel Byron--while I like the ballad &quot;Out Of Love&quot;--overall don't measure up to the rest of the music this band has put out (both before and since, by the way).  <br />Wow--this sounds too negative.  How can you possibly go wrong with a disk that includes such classic hits as &quot;Hold The Line&quot;, &quot;Rosanna&quot;, and &quot;Africa&quot;?  &quot;I Won't Hold You Back&quot;, &quot;I'll Be Over You&quot;, and the underrated &quot;99&quot; are wonderful Steve Lukather-sung ballads.  The musicianship of this band has always been nearly flawless.  For sure, mostly great songs.
B00005BCPC|3.0|Mansfield Park follows a classic chick-flick formula and is based on a novel by the ultimate chick-book author, Jane Austen.  I will not lie; I fell into its chick-flick trap, and believe me it's DAMN entertaining.  I mostly credit my enjoyment to the lead performance of the nice-looking and appealing Australian actress, Frances O'Connor, who glowed with both humanity and humanness in this year's superintellectual A.I. (while at the same time pulling off a flawless American accent).  As the Austen heroine Fanny Price, O'Connors charismatic performance wins our sympathy, and that's pretty important for a film that doesn't have much else going for it except its stars' charm and attractiveness.  <br />Taking place in early 1800's England, the film follows the romantic entanglements of Fanny Price, who was a writer and dreamer when it was not cool for a woman to be a writer and dreamer. Fanny at age twelve, (Hannah Taylor Gordon, whose Holocaust films have earned her notoriety and success: Diary of Anne Frank and Jakob the Liar) is sent away from her impoverished home for unknown reasons to her Auntie Bertram's enoromous and lavish estate, Mansfield Park.  Her cousins treat her with forced respect, but don't fully accept her poor background, for Fanny, as Sir Thomas Betram (Fanny's uncle) explains, will always be less than them.  Just when the situation seems hopeless for our heroine, her same-aged sensitive male cousin, Edmund befriends her.  Imediately sparks fly which is kinda freaky since their moms are sisters, but what the heck! (this film tells us) this is the olden days; it's okay to marry our cousins!  Through a cliched camera trick I like to call &quot;through the years&quot; it shows Fanny develop right before our eyes in a matter of minutes, using multiple actresses until finally Fanny (Frances O'Connor) get to be in her twenties, the time frame in which the film will now take place.<br />At this point, Fanny is living a quiet decent life at Mansfield Park,writing short stories for her beloved sister Suzie back at home, and endlessly flirting with the now adult Edmund (Jonny Lee Miller).  However, the quietness of her life is shattered with the arrival of the Crawford siblings, Mary (Embeth Davidtz) and Henry (Alessandro Nivalo) a pair of schemers who plan to marry into the Bertram household.  To Fanny's devastation, her beloved Edmund and not-so-beloved Mary become engaged, while Henry sets his eye on Fanny, who he seeks out because she is the only female in the household who plays hard-to-get.  But despite the Crawford's cold, business-like view of marriage, they are not despicable people.  Henry, at one point, seems genuinely in love with Fanny, and Mary offers comfort to Fanny when she is in despair.  To take this point a step further, there are a couple of steamy scenes of Mary helping Fanny undress to hint at some sort of homosexual attraction.  All of this is very entertaining, but not very deep and here's why:<br />Mansfield Park as a whole never rises to the high quality of Frances O'Connor's performance.  Beautiful-yet-ordinary-looking, smart-but-not-brainy, O'Connor just might become the next Annette Benning; she dominates the screen with similar passion and charisma.  Sadly, Mansfield Park is more cheap than O'Connor's layered peformance deserves.  It does not develop its characters and plot as thoroughly as it should; it relies too much on the considerable charm of its actors.  In other words, underneath the likability, there ain't much brewing.  Amy Heckerling's Clueless, based on Austen's Emma, is a much better film, creating subtler complexities in its characters and somehow making a predictable story less predictable, not to mention being a heck of a lot funnier.  Back to the chick-flick thing, I definitely enjoyed Mansfield Park, but it spurs the same type of enjoyment I feel while viewing a Lifetime movie, and I'm pretty sure that's not a good thing from an artistic standpoint.
B00004XOWM|4.0|When \\"Chocolate Starfish\\" first came out I did not rush out immediately to buy it.  I was filled with many preconceived notions about Limp Bizkit and their music.  A bunch of foul-mouthed, second-rate, talentless rap-rockers, I thought.  <br />My attitude gradually changed when I began hearing three cuts from this album on a new rock radio station in town, they were \\"Take a Look Around\\", \\"Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)\\", and \\"My Way\\".  Each time I heard these songs on the radio, the more they grew on me. Hence, I wound up buying this CD. <br />And I have to admit, it rocks.  Besides the three tracks (the hits)that I have already mentioned, there are some other good ones as well: \\"Livin' It Up\\", \\"The One\\" and \\"Full Nelson\\".<br />One thing Little Freddie Durst needs to work on: cut back on his use of the word [....]  Using the word less would give it greater weight.  Kind of a less-is-more thing. I am not looking at his use of the word from a moral standpoint, but from more of an artistic one.    <br />And you know what, Wes Borland is a pretty good guitarist.  He is actually schooled in Jazz guitar as well.  Fred Durst is not a bad frontman, but he is still a foul-mouthed little punk.     <br />Not bad boys, not bad.
B000002U9W|2.0|Even Roger Waters himself suggested this to the worst Floyd album by calling it \\"rubbish\\". The only redeeming factors are the Atom Heart Mother Suit was some solid points and the song \\"If\\" which gives hints of Waters' future song writing potential. Who idea has it to put a microphone to somebody's face while chewing and dub it on the last track? It is terrible! Please don't base your judgements of Floyd on this rubbish!  This was an experiment that failed.
B00005B3Z6|4.0|One has to be thankful to the Brits for starting these series. Their tone is more pervasively working class and mercifully less psychobabbly. The acting is, in the main, fine. It is a modest effort that succeeds modestly. However, I find the casting significantly flawed to the point that it detracts from believability..... and one cannot suspend disbelief in a show so &quot;realistically&quot; accesorised. Stuart, the character at the center of things, the UK's original for our Brian, just isn't &quot;drop dead gorgeous&quot; nor does he pair well with Nathan (the Brit version of our principal twink). Physicality intrudes..... Nathan, young Charlie Hunnam, is tall and Aiden Gillen is medium to short ..... Their Brian just does not seem written as comanding or interesting as ours, and has been cast small ... whatever possessed them? Mr. Gillen's  size and demeanor detract from an already palely-written central character.... no hint of the force or magnetism such central character is attributed by everyone else. Thus there is a fatal weakness at the core (note: Mr. Gillen may be a fine actor, but I think he is totally, and for the series, fatally miscast). If the American series had not come along, I probably would have viewed this one differently..... I am grateful the Brits did it. But now it truly deserves gratitude and most definitely second place. Good DVD to have as a kind of relic. If you don't believe in relics, wait for the USA version (filmed in Canada) which is bound to come.
B00003CY5K|5.0|This is a very funny movie and Reese is very good in the part.  She has that innocent look about her that makes you believe she does not know what she has just done. Very funny and very entertaining.
6305922756|5.0|The movie is great as the other reviews will tell you, but the best part of this DVD was the audio commentary by Nigel, Derek, and David. They were outraged at Marty DiBergo's portrayal of the band (he makes fun of them), so they decided to use this as an opportunity to tell their side of the story. The end result is a much-needed continuation of the story, with some hilarious moments resembling Mystery Science Theater 3000. You can tell they were just winging it, and it doesn't give a complete update on the bad, which i would have liked, but it's great nonetheless. An included interview with Dibergo is also funny and informative, but the audio commentary is better.  This is a first for DVDs as far as I know. I would like to see an MST treatment extra included with all DVDs. It's boring when the director drones on about how great it was to work with all the loser actors or whatever. A &quot;pop-up&quot; option would be cool too, and much more fun than the above-mentioned droning.<br />in conclusion just go buy the damn thing!
0767805712|5.0|Perhaps too conceptualized for some tastes, but it is that cold conceptual feel that is the emotion that the film attempts and i feel succeeds at making you feel.  This is the film that earns Ethan Hawke my respects as an actor, and casts Uma Thurman in a role that so very subtly fits her natural style and appearance.  Jude Law is fast becoming a personal favorite actor of mine as well (as he &amp; 'teddy' are the only 2 memorable characters in the oddly boring &quot;A.I.&quot; released this summer).  This movie wants you to think about genetics and humans infecting the genepool with supposed persons with higher potential.  While it does suggest that a system fully reliant on genetics is a poor choice for the future, it doesn't tell you specifically that it is something we should stop--or morever, that we can stop at all.  to me, there are two classic scenes, one that is a finishing metaphor for the natural born brother vs. the genetically engineered brother, where Ethan says while swimming &quot;i never saved anything for the swim back,&quot; as he again shows he can outswim genetics.  Also, i love the scene of Ethan &amp; Uma walking between the solar panals, for this love scene is backdropped by Ethan's inability to see even her face clearly, let alone the sunrise.  Very accessable plot for all--something occasionally refreshing.  You will certainly enjoy the film!
0312979479|5.0|This was the first Agatha Christie book that I ever read and after that I was hooked. There is a reason why they call her Queen of Crime. She is absolutly genius!  I loved the plot. I loved Indian Island. The characters were fabulous. This is a book that I've read to my 8th grade class for the past couple of years and every year they all learn about the wonderful world of Agatha Christie.  If you are looking for a really good book with a swift and astounding ending then I highly, highly recommend this book, you won't be disapoinnted.
0380973650|3.0|The Bad: The characters are mostly dull, the plot (in some parts) is almost entirely predictable, and the story tends to wander where it doesn't need to.<br />Now for the good: Some interesting ideas about Gods and their origins. The &quot;Spook Show&quot; for instance, so many people believe in the men-in-black and black helicopter mythos that they actually come into existence in the story. That was fun reading. And there is an entire sub-plot about disappearing children that just plain gave me the willies!!<br />It was a decent book, but it was by no means excellent.
0789302691|5.0|Pearl Jam has made a career of hiding from the press and keeping a deliberately low profile. But they are known for giving goodies to their hardcore fans. I would have thought that PJ never allowed anyone to take pictures of them, but apparently Mercer and Peterson have had free range to take any pictures they wanted with the band on tour. There are only a few &quot;publicity&quot; shots where the band is clearly posing for the camera. The majority are onstage action shots and candid moments which provide a lot of insight into the band's personalities. There are also many great shots of the fans. Each of the four core members seems to be showcased equally, with some shots of their various temporary drummers. The funnest aspect of the book is watching the guys' image change over time - from overdressed, long-haired alt-rockers in the early days to their current scruffy low-maintenance &quot;regular guy&quot; look.
B000059ZLH|5.0|It took me almost a year to realize what a masterpiece Scenes was, and this DVD, complete with a hilarious hidden feature, extra songs, and commentary, just takes the cake. If you are a Dream Theater fan, it's a SIN not to own this.
0553278223|5.0|After reading Fahrenheit 451 in my high school English class, I was quick to ask my teacher what other books by Bradbury that he would reccomend. He told me to check out the Martian Chronicles...and so I did. When I started reading the book, I thought nothing could touch the breath taking sci-fi epic that I had just read by Bradbury...but I was wrong. The Martian Chronicles starts out with a bang and ends with an unusually happy ending. In between, you are taken on a roller coaster ride of climactic events; and although the book is broken up into several separate mini-stories, all of them intertwine with each other brilliantly. <br />What puts Bradbury's work above other science fiction writers is that although his books are fictional, they have a great deal of real life meaning. Several parts of this book depict how the ignorant humans are so quick to ravage a vast world's ancient history and land. &quot;The rockets set the bony meadows afire, turned rock to lava, turned wood to charcoal, transmitted water to steam, made sand and silica into green glass which lay like shattered mirrors reflecting the invasion, all about. The rockets came like drums, beating in the night. The rockets came like locusts, swarming and settling in blooms of rosy smoke. And from the rockets ran men with hammers in their hands to beat the strange world into a shape that was familiar to the eye, to bludgeon away all the strangeness.&quot; (Page 78-'The Locusts')<br />Bradbury uses his excellent way with words to artistically describe the futuristic destruction of a world, which all relate to one common principle, the same principle many of his books relate to: We are afraid of what we don't understand. Bradbury paints an eerily familiar picture in this book and reminds us how eager humans are to destroy anything that is strange to us. The way that he explains the human condition is way ahead of his time. <br />In summary, The Martian Chronicles is nothing short of incredible. There are nodull parts in it; you will want to keep reading it until you're done...then you will want to read it again and again. Bradbury uses language extremely well to convey to us the flaws in human thinking. This book is a must read for anyone in high school or older, whether you're a fan of science fiction or not. It's my all time favorite book, and if you spend a measly 6 bucks, you will see why.
068485015X|5.0|It's now creeping up on 25 years since this book first came out, but the subtitle still seems as valid as it would have been then... a NEW psychology of love, traditional values and spiritual growth. Because Peck speaks so deeply of the needs and longings that cut to the very fundamental elements of human nature, a post-millennial reader (perhaps as yet unborn in the 70's) can still find Peck's &quot;new&quot; insights relevant and even revolutionary. So many of the truths found here along The Road Less Travelled are timelessly true. For instance, how &quot;timely&quot; would be a new worldwide appreciation of Peck's definition of love, which is &quot;the will to extend one's self for the purpose of nurturing one's own or another's spiritual growth.&quot; The pages that follow that definition, along with his explanation of how &quot;falling in love is invariably temporary&quot; are in themselves worth the purchase of the book.<br />What kind of reader will NOT like this book? My answer would be, one who needs to think simplistically, and is in denial of the paradox that makes up nearly every day of normal adult life. This reader needs a formula, tends to think one-dimensionally... perhaps when he reads the opening sentence &quot;Life is difficult&quot; this type of person will think &quot;Really? I had no idea!&quot;<br />What kind of reader WILL like this book? One that knows his present day problems may require something beyond &quot;that one thing Grandpa once told me&quot; and someone who is willing to be attentive, to learn, to think multidimensionally. Rather than ramming his head into the sand, this person will respond to the opening sentence &quot;Life is difficult&quot; with something like &quot;No kidding! Tell me about it!&quot; The Road Less Travelled  will not disappoint this second type of reader.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Being born in the early seventies and being non-american, I have never been fond to Bruce Springsteen and the E st. band. recently, I watched the hbo concert aired at madison square garden. I have not seen a performer give his soul like that for quite a long time. I suddenly remembered that rock and roll is basically a religion.
0790729628|1.0|What does Ridley think he is doing here, besides ruining one of the few 'serious' Sci-fi movies ever made. The original Blade Runner, with voiceover, creates an incredible vision of a future world in a classic Gumshoe format. The Director's cut creates a much blacker and, unfortunately, incomprehensible future where people stumble from scene to scene with little explainable detail for the viewer to pin a story to. Try watching it as if you have never seen the movie before, and then try to work out whats going on, you probably won't. It's not often that movie studios are right about artistic content, but boy did they get it right with the original Blade Runner. The Directors ending and extra scenes are better suited to the movie, it should not have had a happy ending, but the look and feel of the original have gone to be replaced by brooding silence. Unless the studio releases the original in DVD, however, this great work will be lost forever, &quot;like tears in the rain&quot;, what a waste! If you are a Rutger fan you should also watch &quot;Salute Of the Jugger&quot;, another apocalyptic Sci-Fi classic with a black story-line, the best game scenes since Rollerball and absolutely NO Director's Cut.
006092988X|5.0|When i first bought the book, i had heard what a great book it was and how it was one the best books out there. As i began to read i wasnt sure if i was gonna like it as much as others had but i read on anyway. After the starting the second chapter, the book had literally absorbed almost all of my attention. While reading it i felt as though the characters were living next door and i knew them for my whole life. Its a complicated book about a girl living in brooklyn scrounching for money, learning about life, and basically growing up. I would have to say that no words i write can describe the book to its best. It is one of the best books i've ever read in my life and i recommend it.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|I've only recently discovered Rufus Wainwright, and &quot;Poses&quot; was my first Rufus album. It is far and away the best album of the year. Lyrically and musically, &quot;Poses&quot; is more of a journey than a CD, and by the time you get to the finale reprise of &quot;Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk,&quot; you realize that you have been on an enriching journey that you can look back on and know it was time well spent.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have seen, not just anime-wise, but movie-wise.  I rented this right after Ghost in the Shell, and this is close to 300 times better.  This movie does not get boring at all, unlike Ghost in the Shell, which is boring except for about ten sprawled out minutes.  If you're looking for some high quality anime this is one title you'll want to check out.
B00005MAM2|5.0|Hey I loved this special edition of Akira I got mine last night in the metal case. I love seeing it without the dirt and lines I bought my copy in 1995 and already much damage. The laserdisk got chewed on by my dog so you can just see me buring rubber when I heard about this and I think it was worth every penny. The second cd has a whole lot of great info and the glossary rules. Peace out.
B000002UEB|5.0|This concept album can be considered a mini-opera, and for me it's the most elevated expression of fine art in heavy metal music. This is THE metal album that I would pick up to take with me to that desert island that everybody talks about. &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot; is coherent, beautiful, magnificent, refined, well-crafted, perfect! Its music is mature, clever, sincere, well-composed, well-arranged, well-produced... What a work of art! Equilibrium, balance, heart... I don't have enough positive phrases to qualify this release. I will mention those moments of this album that I enjoy the most, but before doing so I'd like to say that the entire album is a monumental MASTERPIECE. Now my preferred moments:<br />- The overture &quot;Anarchy-X&quot;: Symphonic, majestic, &quot;Pinkfloydesque&quot;, powerful.<br />- &quot;Revolution Calling&quot;: A radio hit of the highest possible quality, with great vocal melodies, great (though simple) riffs and a very smart songwriting.<br />- The guitar solo of &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot;: excels in expressiveness and dynamic. <br />- The choruses of &quot;The Mission&quot;, &quot;Speak&quot; and &quot;Eyes Of Stranger&quot;: chilling, threatening...<br />- &quot;Suite Sister Mary&quot;: A complete masterpiece from the beginning to the end. Geoff Tate at his best.<br />- &quot;The Needle Lies&quot;: Aggressive, explosive, a little bit of pepper to the recipe!<br />- &quot;I don't believe in Love&quot;: How can a pretty commercial song can be so good?<br />...but anything else in this album is also as good as (or better than!) those moments that I mentioned above. Actually, I prefer them today, but tomorrow I'll surely change my mind! So that's why this CD is so GREAT: it mutes for your ears, and it is full of details and feeling for making you to enjoy it everyday, differently. Highly recommended as one of your preferred albums for the rest of your life: Seven stars!
B00005B36H|5.0|This CD is one of the most amazing pieces of music created in the last five years. From the first drum beats of The Grudge to the final buzzing of Faaip De Oiad, this CD packs an artsy, yet anger-ridden sound that raises the bar even higher for metal bands.
0380796090|5.0|Fabulous, frothy, fun read. This heroine is sharp as a tack and funny to boot.
0064407667|4.0|This is a really good read.  Contrary to what most people say, I don't think the humor is too dark at all.  It might not be good for children under the age of eight or nine, but you can tell by the way it is written that it is definitely aimed at ten or eleven year olds.  If you people think that kids don't already read about children getting orphaned and terrible things like that, then you're in for a big suprise.  Anywayz, its really, really funny.  Most writers concentrate on developing the characters and the plot, but &quot;Mr. Snicket&quot; has a very interesting voice and technique of writing, so you often find yourself laughing at some very serious parts of the story.  Okay, I'm done.  Don't hate me because I speak my mind.
0380973650|5.0|My first focused experience of Neil Gaiman's work was (like a lot of people) The Sandman series. This was the first time I picked up one of his full fledged non-graphic novels. I was in no way disappointed. I'm not going to re-summarize the plot here. That's already elsewhere on this page, but I do want to say that I was extremely impressed with the amount of intelligence and research that went into this book. It was extremely entertaining, it didn't drag at any parts, and it was filled with enough little and major mysteries that I was able to figure out a good number of them and still get floored by the rest (some of these mysteries I even missed when the set-up was occuring... made me feel like a schmuck later, but literary-wise, that was a good thing). 'American Gods' was depressing (when it was meant to be), uplifting (when it was meant to be), exciting, well paced, and a bunch of other adjectives that should be inserted here as a compliment to the book.<br />I also want to personally thank Neil Gaiman for the one page rant by the character named Sam on her personal beliefs. That in and of itself was worth the book's price.
B00000DI06|4.0|All things considered, this is a great recording for the money, if you like John Rutter.  His music on this disc is, as always, quite beautiful; just don't expect it to be particularly deep, as is also often the case with Rutter.  So the guy's not Mozart, Faure, or even Cherubini, but so what - who is?  This is a fine recording, beautifully sung, and (considering the price) it gets a strong recommendation from me.  That said, my only real gripe is the singing of soprano Caroline Ashton.  While her voice is pretty and she conveys the spirit of the music well, she sounds like a boy soprano, and her phrasing and breath control could have been better.  These are small gripes, however, and no reason not to buy this fine disc.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Well...when I got \\"Starfish\\", I was tired out of \\"Rollin\\" and \\"My Generation\\". Fred should never have released them as a double single. But when I did buy it, being a long-time Limp fan, I was wowed! \\"Significant Other\\" remains my favroite, but \\"Chocolate\\" is tied with \\"Bills\\" for second. I liked Limp in their hard-rock beginnings, but I am sad when people rip on him for selling out. There is a difference between selling out and maturing. \\"Rearranged\\", \\"No Sex\\", and \\"Don't Go Off Wandering\\" were my three favroites off of \\"Other\\", and I was surprised at this being an angry teen listening to \\"Bills\\" and yelling along with it. Fred has real talent, and those who rip on him selling out just do not want to admit that you can be angry and tell it in a different way, instead of yelling and screaching. Just listen to \\"Boiler\\" or the very powerful \\"My Way\\" off of this album...NO ONE can say it is poppy or sell-out. It is very powerful, but you can see the rawness and passion from their first album in both songs. This album is great. \\"The One\\" is incredible, as is all the hard stuff, like \\"Full Nelson\\" and \\"Livin It Up\\". Fred has not sold out; he has grown. Listen to this album, and you see songs mixed with mature beats and music, ALONG with anger and power!...
0380796090|5.0|Fabulous, frothy, fun read. This heroine is sharp as a tack and funny to boot.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Cameron Crowe creates a delightful film about an up-and-coming band that tries to survive its own publicity and a young journalist who is given the oppurtunity of a lifetime that may land him a story on the cover of Rollingstones Magazine.  This film has a great story and some brilliant acting to back it up.  <br />Newcomer Patrick Fugit plays William Miller, a 15-year old  music-lover who happens to have a nose for journalism. While trying to do an assignment for Creem Magazine, William comes across the new band Stillwater. Kate Hudson does a excellent performance as Penny Lane, a groupie William befriends who helps him get inside of Stillwater. Soon William is asked by Rollingstones Magazine to write a story about Stillwater that could make the cover. So William joins the band on a tour to end all tours.  Billy Crudup plays the lead guitarist of Stillwater (another excellent performance) who refuses to give an interview to William but soon begins to like William.  Philip Seymour Hoffman does a classic performance as Lester Bangs, the editor of Creem Magazine who shows William the ropes to rock and roll journalism.  Almost Famous has some great scenes that include a charming &quot;Tiny Dancer&quot; bus ride that will make you smile.  <br />What makes this film so great is that it is true to what the film is all about... the music.  All of the characters, no-matter how different, share one thing...the love of music.  With a soundtrack that includes Led Zepplin, The Who, Lynyrd Skynyrd, and Elton John, the music truly adds to the mood of the film.  The film is done wonderfully from the beginning credits to the subtle yet surprising ending.  Almost Famous is a great film that is destined to be a classic.
B000001FI7|5.0|&quot;Dummy&quot; Is one of those Albums that you this reviewer would definitely choose if stranded on a desert island with only 10 or so Cd's to pick from. Of course nobody ever mentions if you have a CD Player..or water for that matter. Anyway, This CD is emotional, depressing, Jazzy, sexy, smart, hip  and mellow. One listen, and I guarantee it'll transcend your mindset into a 40's-ish Jazz club, with a modern, sample induced bleep-blurp twist. Not bad, for an MTV Buzz-Clip artist from 1994. True, there is the all-to familiar &quot;Nobody loves Me&quot; song...but Sour Times is hardly the CD's best track. Check out the Sadness and sexy overtones of Roads, or the Bass-heavy Pedestal. These grooves fester in your subconscious. I've probably heard this Album more times than any other, and I never tire of giving it a listen, for I always find something to appreciate.
B000002HMH|1.0|Load is an attempt to stray away from a style that made Metallica famous amongst those of us who were nobody, those of us who fought through High School as nobodies but had this great band, and the few of us that were nobodies fought together, with old school Metallica, it meant so much to us.<br />Albums like Master of Puppets and Ride the Lightning are untoppable; I think the worst thing a band can do is press forward with mainstream garbage.  A collection of poorly designed rythms, and while the lyrics might be pretty good, who cares.  The lust is gone.  <br />I thank Metallica for the tough years they helped myslf and my friends through, its payed off.  But Im in complete disgust with their last ten years and I learn a new lesson from it:  STICK TO YOUR GUNS.
B00003CXQY|5.0|I hesitated when I first heard of this movie. The commercials and trailers didn't look interesting to me at all and the fact that David Spade does the &quot;lead&quot; voice wasn't exactly enticing. After much debate, I ended up renting it. To my surprise, what I thought was going to be a disaster ended up being one of my favorite Disney films! David Spade is perfect because he just OOZES sarcasm and this movie has plenty of it. Definitely made me laugh more than any other Disney film, ever. I urge you to buy it on DVD and check out the special features. Disney has done it again, in a WHOLE NEW WAY. Just give it a chance, you won't regret it. :)
6305910103|5.0|&quot;The Wrath of Khan&quot; remains the best of the Star Trek movies. Yes, &quot;The Voyage Home&quot; was more fun, but the franchise is never going to be able to top the emotional impact of Spock's death. &quot;The Wrath of Khan&quot; is what we would have called a first-rate &quot;B&quot; movie in the old days. This is William Shatner's finest performance, helped by the fact that there is a telling subplot about Kirk worrying that he is growing old. Consequently, the character is given some significant depth whether he is dealing with having to put his spectacles on in front of the bridge crew or trying to come to terms with suddenly confronting a son who wants nothing to do with him. I also think Shatner's performance is helped by the fact that Kirk has to solve problems by thinking rather than by slugging anyone. In fact, Shatner won the Saturn Award from the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films, USA for his performance (director Nicholas Meyer won as well).<br />The emotional impact of the death of Spock is something that was set up from early on in the Star Trek television series where it became clear that despite their vast differences the Captain and his First Officer had become friends. This is a theme that has been touched upon by various television episodes as well as in some of the better Star Trek novels that have dealt with the formation of that friendship. The symbolism of the plastic shielding that separates them at the end, a physical manifestation of the psychological barriers required by the Vulcan part of Spock, is certainly not lost on us. With all the &quot;Buddy&quot; movies Hollywood has produced, I cannot think of a more emotional declaration that &quot;I have been and always shall be your friend.&quot; Yes, it was something that was so well understood that it never needed to be said, but it was still worth hearing.<br />Both the direction and the score are first rate and I am especially fond of the sequences where the bridge crew is waiting helplessly for Genesis to detonate. The camera moves in on each character as they discuss their impending deaths and the music matches the pace only to turn ominously when the scene cuts back to the dying Khan. However, I must note that director Nicholas Meyer used the same series of jump cuts to pull away from the Reliant before Genesis detonates that he did with Kansas City when the nuclear missiles hit in &quot;The Day After.&quot; I also think composer James Horner deserves credit for setting the tone with the marvelous opening fanfare and heroic theme. Even before we get to the Kobayashi Maru sequence, you know this is going to be a good flick.<br />The only thing that really bugs me about this movie is that Khan keeps quoting Ahab. Obviously his obsession is reminiscent of &quot;Moby Dick,&quot; but if you were a super genius would you really want to have Ahab as your role model? I understand how the allusion fits from the perspective of the director/writer/audience, but not from the perspective of Khan's character. Then again, besides &quot;Moby Dick&quot; one of the other books that Khan had on Ceti Alpha VI was &quot;King Lear,&quot; which also features a main character with mental problems. Remember, this is a guy who quoted Milton at the end of &quot;Space Seed,&quot; so I do not think he should suddenly be going off the deep end with his literary references. Ricardo Montalban's flamboyant performance as Khan not only works as he chews up the scenery with such delight, but because I think it is another significant reason that Shatner toned down his performance, thereby creating a nice contrast between the two characters.<br />With regards to the disappointing DVD version, which contains nothing extra besides the trailer despite the fact &quot;The Wrath of Khan&quot; aired on ABC with additional footage (e.g., establishing Preston as Scotty's nephew). I believe we are being sandbagged and that once they sell out on this initial run of Star Trek films on DVD we will suddenly get Director's Cuts or Special Editions that will suddenly provide all of the things Paramount should have put on these DVDs in the first place. Caveat Trekker.Star Trek films on DVD we will suddenly get Director's Cuts or Special Editions that will suddenly provide all of the things Paramount should have put on these DVDs in the first place. Caveat Trekker.
B00000099Y|5.0|That about sums up what I think of Aenima =)<br />Put on a pair of headphones, sit in a dark room, and really LISTEN to everything that's in this album... I've heard it thousands of times, and I *STILL* discover new things when I listen to it.<br />Best album... ever =)
B000002UD0|5.0|WALLS AND BRIDGES was released in 1974 during the &quot;lost weekend&quot; period in the career of John Lennon. The album features Elton John on two tracks and Harry Nilsson as well. The album contains two masterpieces by Lennon, the no.1 smash hit single &quot;Whatever Gets You Thru the Night&quot; which features a duet with Elton John, who also plays piano. &quot;Whatever Gets You Thru the Night&quot; is one of Lennon's great 1970s songs,mixing funk and rock. Lennon also co-wrote, played guitar on, and sang background vocals on David Bowie's no.1 song, &quot;Fame&quot; in 1975. Lennon was also on the third no.1 of this period, Elton John&quot;s remake of &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds&quot;.This sets the musical milieu or context for the WALLS AND BRIDGES album.A second Lennon classic on the album is the masterpiece &quot;#9 Dream&quot; which was a top ten hit in 1975. &quot;Old Dirt Road&quot; is a song co-written with Harry Nilsson and is another standout selection.The song selections,however, are uneven. There is even an instrumental. In the CD booklet included are the lyrics to all the songs and reproductions of drawings Lennon did in the 1950s while a student in Liverpool.The album suffers from the slick, overproduction and lackluster performances of the session players. The highlights of this album are the duets with Elton John. &quot;Whatever Gets You Thru the Night&quot; and &quot;#9 Dream&quot; are two of Lennon's greatest performances as a solo musician, funky, upbeat, playful, witty. Elton John, like David Bowie, sounded great paired with Lennon, who was an idol and musical influence on both John and Bowie.&quot;Sweet Bird of Paradox&quot; is the second song on the album on which Elton John sings background vocals.WALLS AND BRIDGES, unlike Lennon's earlier solo releases, is a funky, relaxed, playful album. The album is weakened, however, by the inclusion of &quot;Ya Ya&quot;, a cover song Lennon was forced to do against his will. Under the conditions of a lawsuit, Lennon had to cover a song the publishing company which sued him owned. This explains why Lennon's performance is so god-awful and is only a snippet.Lennon got his revenge. This legal blackmail certainly marred the album. It just showed you how GREEDY and RUTHLESS these publishing companies were, the suits of the music industry.There is also a statement on the sleeve that Lennon has seen a UFO. This is a bizarre statement to say the least. Who cares? UFOs don't exist anyway. But it just shows that Lennon was distracted at this period in his career. He could not focus adequately on the MUSIC. That he managed to create such musical masterpieces in spite of these distractions is remarkable. WALLS AND BRIDGES is a masterful album by John Lennon. It is a follw-up to the 1973 album MIND GAMES. These two albums go together and should be listened to together.Conceptually they are very similar.WALLS AND BRIDGES has two of Lennon's greatest songs, &quot;Whatever Gets You Thru the Night&quot; and &quot;#9 Dream&quot;. This album is one of Lennon's best solo albums and is the last album of original studio material before the five year retirement in 1975.A hot and funky and fun album.
B00003CXAA|1.0|Now don't get me wrong I love the first 2 films which I give 5 stars each and I give part III 4 stars. The films are great, but to anyone who loves these films and has a passion for film making knows that the best way to wacth a film is to watch it the way it was originally intended to be viewed. The collection would be much better if the films were left how they were.
B00005LB50|5.0|As a first generation Buffalo Springfield fan, this box set has been a long time coming. Worth the wait, as well as the price. Neil Young; being the guiding force behind this project; and concidering what a perfectionist he is; I was amazed it was ever released at all. What makes this such a wonderful surprise is the amount of unreleased material. 37 tracks in all on the first three discs; including some great demos. All of which illustrate the raw talent of three incredible songwriters. To hear first takes of such complex songs, by such young men, is a revelation. These boys were barely in their twenties; singing and playing with the flair of seasoned professionals. Some of these rare cuts reveal the workings of songs not yet realized. A case in point: &quot;The Rent Is Always Due&quot; by Neil Young on disc 3. This songs melody is to become &quot;I Am A Child&quot;, but contains entirely different lyrics. The same goes for &quot;Down Down Down&quot;, which becomes the foundation to &quot;Broken Arrow&quot;. Steven Stills shines bright on every cut he's on. The demos for &quot;We'll See&quot;, and &quot;Hung Upside Down&quot;, clearly show his capacity to rise above with both his singing, and guitar work. Perhaps some of the most enjoyable moments on these first three discs comes from Richie Furay. The demos of &quot;Sad Memory&quot;, and &quot;Words I Must Say&quot; display his impeccable singing voice, and undeniable songwriting skills. Disc four completes the box; presenting the first two releases; complete, and in the original sequence and mix. Some may find the last disc to be redundant; as most of these songs appear on the other three discs. I like the fact that you can hear these songs as they were originally released; apart from the chronological order they appear on the earlier discs. This Box set is &quot;hands down&quot;, the definitive collection on Buffalo Springfield. Compiled with a great deal of love and affection for both the music, and the fans alike.
0792841859|5.0|This movie is so emotionally compelling that I consider it one of the best movies of the 1980s. It is powerful and disturbing. Anyone who has been on the receiving end of discrimination and dehumanization cannot watch this movie without emotional involvement. It deals with one of the darkest themes in American history--the denial of civil rights to black people in the South. It show, in my opinion realistically, how people resist social change, how they cling to their narrow-minded ways, how reluctant they are to give up any vestige of privilege, even when they know that it comes at a price of denigrading human beings who happen to look differently. Watching this movie will not lighten your mood. But it may educate you and make you think again about American history and the human condition.
B000003N7G|5.0|This session begins with the shimmering peal of a gong, and you enter into the somber, mysterious and intense world of 1964 John Coltrane. &quot;Love Supreme&quot;, a poem of great tonal color and emotion, hailed Coltrane's religious awakening and a new period in which he embarked on a mission to uplift people. Prior to the recording of this album, Coltrane's faith was tested by the bombing of a black church in Alabama, and the death of Eric Dolphy and the tumult of the 1960s---civil rights, change, new music, new worlds. All of Coltrane's recorded work from &quot;Love Supreme&quot; forward was groundbreaking on every level. This is not for listeners who are new to Coltrane, or those who wish to hear the mainstream Coltrane of the Prestige and &quot;Blue Train&quot; period. This is for the more serious listener seeking a different and more challenging experience with sound, and with history.
1555175163|2.0|If you are looking for a collection of pictures of the all time wing chun master, the book is fine. But if you are looking for wing chun content, in terms of theories, old fashion training (the way wing chun was traditionally taught, before the bad influence of the american way of life.....not being patient for the necessary time, etc); To clarifying the big public about, who were in fact the  students who had a very near relation to the grandmaster.  Then you will be very dissapointed with this book. It does not add anything to what was written before.
B00005B36H|5.0|If you are capable of listening to the song &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot; as loud as your stereo will allow, and not desend into a myopic trance, then I suggest you seek medical attention immediatly. You would have to be completly void of any soul at all if this one song dose not awake some kind of heart pounding response. For those of you who are still able to appreciate raw talent, in it's purist form; then I suggest you purchase this musical masterpiece as soon as you can. Tool has raised the bar for music with edge, passion, and pathos. Every second of this disc pulsates with rich textures, and exacting brilliance.
B00004Y6NP|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums. &quot;Money for Nothing&quot; rocks, but the best songs, in my opinion, are &quot;Ride across the River,&quot; &quot;Your Latest Trick,&quot; and the title track. The length of the tracks is not that important. I can listen to the longer version seemingly forever. This now classic album is infinitley replayable. It is subdued, lyrical, and still a bit riotous at the same time. Own it to own an important part of rock history.
079073463X|5.0|If  I could, I'd give it more than 5 stars, that's how good it is. Okay, the music may strike some people as corny, but I love it - I don't think it detracts from the movie in any way. The plot may be corny too, but the acting and beautiful photography more than make up for it! Some of the other reviewers said that Matthew Broderick's at times comedic acting was out of place in this kind of movie; in my opinion, his acting serves to offset and complement Michelle Pfeiffer's ethereally beautiful and Rutger Hauer's grim, vengeance-bent characters. This is simply a beautiful film, with excellent actors, and outstanding visual effects. Watch it. If you can't buy it, rent it. But watch it. You won't regret it.
6305426651|5.0|A great film ! That fact that the wife did not have to go to the camp, but did out of love for her husband and son was very powerful. The ending... when you hear the American tanks rolling in and the son is jumping for joy since he thinks it is the prize his father has been telling him about had this macho man blubbering away ! Do not miss this film. Also forget about the English subtitles. Watch it in glorious Italian. Begnini is a genius.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is a CD that has not left the CD players since I bought it.  I have also liked their previous work, but think this one is the best.  Its got all the elements of great rock.  Good lyrics (when you can make out what Maynard is singing), great acoustics/instrumentals, and an eerie feeling aobut them that only Tool can achieve!
B00000K3CM|4.0|While not as hilarious as the original, this movie still gets some laughs. This time the hapless Kevin, played by Macaulay Culkin, is lost in New York and he is living it up. The burglurs from the original movie are after him again, but the end is predictably sad for them and funny for the audience. The movie features a homeless woman who plays Nicola Tesla to local pigeons and in the end helps Kevin to defeat the criminals. Kevin also displays social consciousness and compassion trying to ensure a good Christmas for orphaned children. And it is not too corny to work. I recommend this movie.
0441172717|5.0|There are a few essential titles any self-respected science fiction aficionado ought to, if not hold in one's collection, at least read for the sheer pleasure such endeavor rewards the reader.  This being said, I believe it is safe to say that Frank Herbert's brilliant &quot;Dune&quot; is one of such mentioned worthy books.<br />The distant beginning of a legendary saga spawning thousands upon thousands of years, &quot;Dune&quot; (along with many other worthy titles such as &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey&quot; and &quot;Stranger in a strange land&quot;, among many others) set the landmark for modern science fiction to follow its current course of action. It is not secure to say science fiction today would be like it currently is had &quot;Dune&quot; never been written. Even though the influence is not as direct as one might be tempted to believe, the influence is in there. Not only has &quot;Dune&quot; inspired science fiction on its literary form, but in entertainment as well. Videogames such as &quot;Final Fantasy VII&quot; and &quot;Xenogears&quot; (Both by Squaresoft) have plot elements straight from &quot;Dune&quot;.<br />Set in the distant Arrakis, also known as Dune, this book tells the story of Paul Atreides, a young gifted boy destined to one day hold his father's position of Duke of House Atreides somewhere in the future on the planet Caladan. The apparent tranquility ruling upon House Atreides is disturbed when, by order of the Emperor, House Atreides is ordered to take ownership of Arrakis, a place once held by the dreaded Harkonens, mortal enemies of the Atreides for generations. Arrakis, the most precious and important place in the whole of the Universe, is the sole source of the awareness enhancement drug that enables space travel, and anyone who controls it, controls the entirety of the Galactic Civilization.  But forces beyond the Atreides' control mark the terrible destiny of the House, setting its unavoidable demise. Paul soon discovers how these events might play a very significant role in his life and the fate of the entire Universe, a role so intrinsic and complex, that a complete religious/social movement was started generations before Paul's birth, all of it carefully planed for its day to come.<br />An amazing and complex story that is sure to glue you to your seat. Do not worry if you do not understand, or even like it the first time you read it; this book is of those you need to read again to fully appreciate it.
B00003CXQY|5.0|dude... im not one for kids movies, but this one was wicked. it isnt sappy like all those other disney movies, its really hilarius. uh... i dont know what else too say other than BUY THIS!!!!
B000021XR5|5.0|Ok, I'm biased.  I love STP.  I would love to meet Scott.  And they totally won me over when I saw them live (and caught their autographed drum head!! Woo HOO!!!).  ANd this is a great CD of love songs, self exploration songs, and pretty melodies (Atlanta).  If you haven't gotten this, what are you waiting for??
B000000H7I|4.0|this is death metal. you need look no further. from the sludgy production to the densely twisted riffage, from the jackhammer drumming to the sepulchral growls, everything that defines the genre is right here. there is a feral intensity to this work that turns bones to dust and drives sane men mad. so much for the music. I like two other things about this. first of all, the apocalyptic and almost cosmic nihilism of the lyrics. second of all, the picture on the back. these thin young men in jeans and torn t-shirts are starkly real. I find the fact that they pooled their desperate alienation to make this particular music inspiring. As brutal and esoteric as this disc is, as uncompromising and unsentimental, there is something in it that points the way to redemption. By building an effigy to the forgotten, Suffocation strangely succeeds at offering hope to the hopeless.
B00003CX5A|4.0|I'm not a huge fan of horror movies so perhaps it helped that I watched this at 1 am in the middle of the woods at a camp like area. With the average teeny horror flicks, I can tell who the killer is immediately but I must say, I was quite baffled over who was controlling the headless horseman. I was pleased by the plot being so convincing. Overall, definitely a movie to see, it will make the hairs on your back stand up if you watch it online or at night in the woods like I did.
B00004RF9B|5.0|This movie is a classic argument against &quot;remakes&quot;. What could they do better a second time around? The effects? Most of the time the Id monster is invisible - THAT'S about as scary as anything can be! An unseen terror! The script? Look at the total butchery and stupidization of other recent remakes (Mission: Impossible II leaps to mind, but there are dozens of others. Maybe ALL the remakes of the past ten years).<br />This film is a monumental achievement in cinema Science Fiction - light years beyond the BEM films of its era and in another universe altogether to the Buster Crabbe Buck Rodgers/Flash Gordon serials. I guess with Shakespeare as a basis (though a tenuous one!) you were starting from the best possible material.<br />Man, even the soundtrack was a breakthrough. The two guys who composed it actually INVENTED the instruments with which it was performed!<br />Get this movie! Then write to whatever studio is contemplating a remake and tell them to go climb a tree! Or dare them to make a movie as ground-breakingly bold and as genre-bustingly literate as Forbidden Planet was in the 50s.<br />Reckon they can do it? It'll NEVER happen! Go ahead, Hollywood, prove me a liar!
B000002IZ4|5.0|I don't remember exactly what was expected of this album when it first came out in 1994.  However, I remember MTV all over Vaseline and Interstate Love Song.... something they would never do to a typical 2nd release CD.  STP strongly proves that they are a band of great credibilty, talent, and originality.  A must have for your collection!
B00005AQGH|5.0|The Makaveli cd is one of the hottest cd's he has out. If you don't have it please get it. Because it shows his sensitive side and his rough side. He is very multi-talented and when you hear this cd you will know why. This cd is BLAZIN'.
6304708521|3.0|Magical Mystery Tour is like nothing else i have ever seen. It is very intresting and creative, but only hard-core Beatles fans would like it. This is only for completists also. There is no plot to it. The best parts of it were the musical sequences. My favorite was I AM THE WALRUS sequence. The only reason this got a 3 was because of the music. I do not recommend this one highly, but the songtrack is a killer!!
014028009X|1.0|Perhaps I am not as open minded to the behaviours of single woman.  But this can't be true, I think, since I am one of these &quot;single women&quot;.  I read this years ago, before the hype of the movie, etc.  And I was thoroughly disgusted with Bridget's behaviour and priorities.  Is this how society views us unmarried women?  I hope maybe this is not really true.  Please tell me so!!  Do yourself a favor and skip this one.
0812550757|5.0|First of all, I loved this book.  I liked the way Ender and Valentine both had developed, and I loved the introduction of Jane, who is just plain cool.  Anyway, this book takes place nearly three thousand years after Ender's game, but through space  travel and relativity, Ender and Valentine have only aged about twenty years.  Meanwhile, human kind has discovered yet another sentient species, the Piggies, on the planet Lusitania.  A group of scientists are studying them there, but when one of them is killed, misunderstandings arise, prompting Ender to travel there, this time alone to speak the deaths of several.  It's far too intricate a plot to try to explain here, but trust me on this one, this book rocks!  I guarantee you'll be hooked for the series.  Anyway, happy reading!
B000002HH9|1.0|Many reviewers have referred to this album's quirky feel and variety of styles, I think you would be wise to click the back button on your browser, buy &quot;Japanese Whispers&quot;, &quot;The Top&quot;, &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot;, &quot;Kiss Me...&quot; and find yourselves far more satisfied. If you can afford it try getting &quot;Three Imaginary Boys&quot; and &quot;The Cure anomalies.&quot; I also recommend the cassette version of &quot;Standing on the Beach&quot; for side 2. Almost any Cure b-side will do more to fulfill your appetite for quirkiness and variety than this album. If it weren't for the somber &quot;Jupiter Crash&quot; and &quot;Treasure&quot; this one would have been traded back. &quot;Wild Mood Swings&quot; has zero sparkle and very little atmosphere. If you're still not satisfied with the above recommendations at least purchase The Glove's &quot;Blue Sunshine.&quot;
6304504012|5.0|The film is outstanding and the songs are very good, Madonna played the part of Eva Peron very well .I recormend this film to all fans of the star,and if your not a fan of Madonna you will be once you have seen EVITA .
0440416027|1.0|I bought this book for my 12 year old son, based on its glowing reviews.  I'm glad I read it first, because I'm sure he would have disliked it as much as I did.  The characters are flat, unengaging, and undeveloped, the plot unfocused and without tension.  The author seemed intent on giving us his &quot;message&quot; while ignoring the elements of good fiction. A boring, preachy read, with little to appeal to the adult or child reader.
0671024256|5.0|Being a Stephen King fan, I had to buy this book.  It was well worth it.  The first part, an autobiography, is worth the price of the book itself.  If you have read Kind, you'll love it!  It's funny, interesting, revealing - you'll understand much more about his work afterwards.  The second part, which is actually &quot;on wrting&quot; I found very interesting as well.  I'm not aspiring to become an author, but still I read it all and never got bored.  If you like Stephen King's novels, buy this one.  If you're looking for a book on writing, you'll find a lot of helpful tips, but don't expect anything too technical.
6300273199|4.0|This is one true headbangin' good time captured on tape. Angus rips through solo after @ss-kickin' solo as Malcolm, Phil, and Cliff lay down the ballbustin' rhythm. Aside from an incredible concert full of calssic tunes played to perfection, this video, for me anyway, is FUNNY. One can't help but to laugh manically at Angus's slow, rhythmic stripdown before he moons the audience, (the funny aspect being the fact that he's really, really ugly). The first time I saw it, I just rolled on the floor.<br />The second funniest part in the film would have to be the attempted &quot;interviews&quot; with each band member. With the exception of Bon, the interviewer asks his questions, and subsequently gets the same response from each member: a five second blank stare, followed by &quot;Ummm...&quot;, &quot;Yeah&quot;, or &quot;I-uh... I don't know.&quot; Harsh as it may seem, it's just flat out funny.<br />Every fan of AC/DC should own this video.
B00005B36H|5.0|Excellent work by Tool  -  I have been recommending it to everyone I know.  Most of the cricism it has received is that it does not replicate Aenima.  I think it would be ludicrous for it to be anything like Aenima, especially since it has been years since Aenima came out.  The songs are more introspective and pensive,  and I loved the way they seem to flow from one to another, my favorites being &quot;The Patient&quot;, the edgier &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;, and, of course, &quot;Schism&quot;.I actually loved all of them and have been listening to it practically every day since I bought it, which was when it was released.
B000059QWJ|4.0|Dream Theater are incredible. This video captures the essence of their phenominal live show and includes some truly killer chops from each member. The instrumental sections are probably my favorite (especially &quot;Dance of Eternity&quot;), and the gospel singers included in certain numbers fit perfectly. My only complaint is probably the ecsessive amount of video clips played during each song. I suppose they're necessary for follwing the plotline (that's right, &quot;plotline&quot;), but some of it was played during great parts of different songs and was just uncalled for.<br />Other than that, this video is pretty much flawless and shows you what an overwhelming display of musicianship these five men boast.
B00004T37H|5.0|I first saw this movie when my friend recommended me to watch it.  I was a little hesitant @ first, but then about halfway throught the movie, it had already become my favorite!  I loved the story line, the animation, and the characters!  I recommend this movie to everyone that likes a little action/advernture!
B000003JAY|1.0|what? this guy is a american idol? he is exactly the correct one to take the films role in the hollywood, but as a rock singer his profile is not correct. what a disillusion and high postage import? money for nothing!
B00005J6UR|5.0|Gremlins is a great movie.  A Classic, it always will be.  However why is this movie being released again with a new cover, if nothing is added to the film?  Since Joe Dante isnt doing anything now, why doesnt he dig up some things for this films release...Just another monkey making scheme...<br />RELEASE GREMLINS 2 what's the hold up???  If you can Release GREMLINS AGAIN...why not part 2.....PLEASE... Note to readers: There is only one trailer, thats it.
B00005AXEL|5.0|A very good CD.  You can tell Sheryl Crow helped out on it.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|Rufus Wainwright made quite a splash with his debut CD three years ago. &quot;Poses,&quot; the follow-up, while not truly breaking any new ground, is most definitely a worthy follow-up. The stripped down sound of many of the CD's tracks allows the lyrics to take center stage, and Rufus Wainwright is an artist whose lyrics can stand alone as poetry. The songs frequently conjure up melancholy  images, and those images are further enhanced by Wainwright's phrasing. The opening track, &quot;Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk&quot;, remains my favorite, and it will easily speak to anyone whose cravings for things he knows are bad still get the better of him. &quot;Evil Angel&quot; is another stand out track with its paradoxical title leading to images of fear and loss. Some have said that there is a sameness to the tracks on this CD; while this may be true, the entire album sets a mood that is perfect for late night listening alone or with a small group of friends over a glass of wine. Wainwright succeeds in putting across his songs with emotion so often lacking in modern pop music. Given the strength of his first two releases, I hope we can look forward to more great music from this gifted artist in the future.
B00005J6T0|5.0|As I did with my review of Madonna's first album (remastered), I will start with comments on the actual track list, followed be comments on the digitally remastered version.<br />TRUE BLUE, in my mind, is probably Madonna at her most inspirational.  Other flashes of excellence like RAY OF LIGHT and LIKE A PRAYER may indeed receive mention, but it is this album that will always peg Madonna as a serious and brilliantly gifted artist.  Five songs were released to great success internationally, viz. &quot;Live To Tell&quot;, &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot;, &quot;Open Your Heart&quot;, &quot;True Blue&quot; and &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot;.  Moreover, &quot;White Heat&quot; was a fairly large hit in South Africa, and &quot;Where's The Party&quot; stormed the charts throughout the Far East.  It is this latter song which begs to be remodelled and re-released in time for Madonna's upcoming Greatest Hits package (the 2nd &quot;Immaculate Collection&quot;).  I personally fail to understand why this song was never released internationally in the first place.<br />The album opens with &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot; - a superbly composed, poetic tune that sets a rather gloomy ambience.  This is followed by &quot;Open Your Heart&quot;, an upbeat, inspiring piece which is full of energy and aplomb.  &quot;White Heat&quot; ensues, with a child-like theme akin to &quot;cops `n robbers&quot;.  We are then confronted by some hauntingly beautiful material in &quot;Live to Tell&quot;, probably one of Madonna's strongest and most sincere ballads to date.  This seriousness fails to last though, for &quot;Where's The Party&quot; lifts the spirits once again, as the lyrics ask us to &quot;free our souls&quot; and &quot;lose control&quot;.  Succeeding this wonderful dance tune is the title track, &quot;True Blue&quot;, a love-inspired pop song, full of imagination and excited girliness.  This is followed by &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot;, a Spanish-influenced pop tune with catchy lyrics and seductive percussion.  &quot;Jimmy Jimmy&quot; is the next track, a bubblegum pop song which is, sadly, the weakest on the album.  TRUE BLUE ends on a rather energetic note, with the South American carnival-style influence in &quot;Love Makes The World Go Round&quot; - a fitting final to a well-rounded, tireless pop album.<br />The remodelled version of this 1986 album can simply be described as &quot;impeccable&quot;.  &quot;Digitally Remastered&quot; it is, and in more ways than one.  The entire package has been enhanced, including the lyrics booklet and back cover.  Fans will be delighted at the inclusion of a full-length TRUE BLUE picture within the lyrics booklet (as was featured in the original cassette version).<br />One finds it hard to believe the clarity of each song on this refreshingly enhanced CD.  Like the remastered first album, some tunes on TRUE BLUE sound even more dance oriented than before - as their beats are far more distinctive and vibrant.  &quot;Where's The Party&quot; and &quot;Open Your Heart&quot; are examples.  In fact, &quot;Where's The Party&quot; sounds far more exciting than it originally did!  The drums throb, and the synthesisers are lucid and precise.  The inclusion of two bonus tracks will please many fans.  &quot;True Blue&quot; (The Colour Mix) is definitely one of my favourites.  Shep Pettibone was a master at remixing Madonna tracks, and this one is no exception.  &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot; (Extended Remix), however, is not characteristically different to the album version - it is merely an extended version, and not nearly as polished as something Pettibone would have performed.<br />The digitally remastered version of &quot;True Blue&quot; is phenomenal, and is a must for the fan and the musically informed.  It certainly is worthy of being nominated &quot;Top 10 Album Of All Time&quot;.
B00003W8NM|5.0|... don't take anyone's word for it, don't listen to the film critics, and don't blow it off ... WATCH THIS MOVIE. I don't care if you buy the DVD, rent a tape at Blockbusters or watch it on Cable - just SEE IT FOR YOURSELF.<br />No amount of explanation or psycho-analysis is going to help you understand this movie. It has to be seen. If this is the first review you've read, do yourself a favor and don't read anymore. Just find a way to see the movie and judge for yourself.<br />Please.
0671027573|5.0|This author is an amazing talent! This is one of those you hate to put down books and it saved me from a terrible reading slump. I Thank you Ms. Howard for doing that for me. You will love the characters, the sex, the suspense!
B00003CWL6|5.0|The only \\"real life dramas\\" (i.e. not fantasy movies like Lord of the Rings, etc) in the last 10 years or so, that match American Beauty's originality, quality of acting and script-writing  are Saving Private Ryan and perhaps Fight Club. And like all other true classics, the story is one that evokes not one but many emotions in the minds of those who experience it.<br /><br />This movie is not about life as we'd like to have it, or life as we think some imaginary character would have it - it's about life as it *is* for the Burnhams. I can't really do this movie's humor or serious messages justice by describing them here. But my strong recommendation is to at least rent the movie and if you don't like it, nothing lost but an hour or so of your time. If you *do* like it, I can almost guarantee it's the kind of movie you'll want to watch many times over.<br /><br />A superb film.
B000002NIW|3.0|deftones used to be one of my favorite bands.  i still like them but not as much as i used to. not nearly as much.  though that's not to say that this isn't a bad album. it's not bad at all.  this is  probably the best band out there in what i call, the 'popmetal' category.  the music sounds inspired, it is very melodic and can even be easy to listen to despite all the distortion pedals. start off listening to 'be quiet and drive', i feel it is a very powerful, almost 'epic' sounding piece.  the best combination of catchy riffs, singing and primal screams.  chino has a very pretty voice, a cure-like singing style.  this kind of band started to really take off once korn was getting big.  deftones kind of started out the same way.. like a korn wannabe band on adrenaline. that album had a lot of potential, i feel, but it felt very choppy to me. if it was redone in the very proffesional 'white pony' kind of way, it would be a great album(adrenaline, not around the fur).  the sound quality wasn't that great, though it wasn't terrible. the mixes could've been done better. around the fur sounds like they've grown as a band and learned how to play a lot better since their debut.  they play with each other, instead of against each other.  this is a very melodic album, they accomplish what saliva could never do, the band saliva desperately wants to be.  but the melody comes mostly from chino's voice. occasionally, the band takes towards a more 'hardcore/punk' style of writing riffs on songs like lhabia, rickets, and lotion.  but it's broken up by chino when he stops screaming and starts singing.  the whole thing works very well.  but after a while it all starts to sound the same. i think that sums this thing up rather well. not bad though.. just not into that kind of music anymore.
B00003W8NM|3.0|I am surprised by the number of reviews here that seem to take this movie seriously.  While watching, I continually wondered if the director was attempting to be profound or ironic.  This movie is not deep, or disturbing, or thought-provoking.  It is, in fact, totally ridiculous.  As far as &quot;making a statement,&quot; I give it no stars, but for entertainment value, it's a five-star treat.  When Jennifer Aniston hosted SNL, she and the female cast members did a satire of &quot;Fight Club&quot; that was exactly like the original movie.  Every time I see it (three so far) I am equally amazed and amused.  It's really over the top.  Oh, and Brad Pitt shows mucho skin.
0064407667|2.0|I've read through many of the over 150 reviews of this book, and I think that the negative reviews all ring true.  However, so do the positives.  I've found that the positive aspects of this book: the absurd humor and dreary style, are refreshing in a very Disney-fied world of cheery children's books.  And, the complaints about the book: condescending tone, clunky writing, hit-you-over-the-head plotlines, are also correct assessments of the book.      I've read interviews with the pseudonymonous (sic) author Snicket, and the guy is funny.  Plain and simple.  But, with these books he's fence straddling - on the one hand, he wishes to attract children who have been wooed to the Harry Potter world of fantastical kids' books.  On the other hand, he seems to want to garner adult satisfaction as well.  This leaves the poor fellow stuck between the proverbial rock and a hard place.  He jumps back and forth between his two audiences: an ironic touch here, a patronizing definition there.  But which one do you *really* want to please?  Pick it, Snicket!      These books, or perhaps a new series after this one, could go in the direction of Douglas Adams, an adult (sort-of) series with the freedom to write in his Pythonesque tone without fear of losing the tots.      My only other gripe about this book, and others in the series is their wavering timeframe.  Sure, sure, it's timeless, etc., but I was led to believe that the setting was a sort of Victorian English flavor, full of dropsy and cholera and frilly corsets.  But characters use walkie-talkies, drive cars, have fridges and even mention computers!  The Queen would not be amused.    All in all, buy this book.  Even though it's terrible.  Buy it, not for its value as a story, but to get an idea of Lemony Snicket and his hilarious-but-ill-used writing style.  I have a feeling we'll be hearing from this fellow.
B00005AXEL|5.0|Stevie's a legend and this album is destined to be known as one of her best (if not THE best). If it's possible to wear out a CD, I may very well do it with Trouble In Shangr-La. Just saw her at Jones Beach Theater, NY - she blew the crowd away!! Stevie and this album are Simply The best!
0064407667|2.0|I've read through many of the over 150 reviews of this book, and I think that the negative reviews all ring true.  However, so do the positives.  I've found that the positive aspects of this book: the absurd humor and dreary style, are refreshing in a very Disney-fied world of cheery children's books.  And, the complaints about the book: condescending tone, clunky writing, hit-you-over-the-head plotlines, are also correct assessments of the book.      I've read interviews with the pseudonymonous (sic) author Snicket, and the guy is funny.  Plain and simple.  But, with these books he's fence straddling - on the one hand, he wishes to attract children who have been wooed to the Harry Potter world of fantastical kids' books.  On the other hand, he seems to want to garner adult satisfaction as well.  This leaves the poor fellow stuck between the proverbial rock and a hard place.  He jumps back and forth between his two audiences: an ironic touch here, a patronizing definition there.  But which one do you *really* want to please?  Pick it, Snicket!      These books, or perhaps a new series after this one, could go in the direction of Douglas Adams, an adult (sort-of) series with the freedom to write in his Pythonesque tone without fear of losing the tots.      My only other gripe about this book, and others in the series is their wavering timeframe.  Sure, sure, it's timeless, etc., but I was led to believe that the setting was a sort of Victorian English flavor, full of dropsy and cholera and frilly corsets.  But characters use walkie-talkies, drive cars, have fridges and even mention computers!  The Queen would not be amused.    All in all, buy this book.  Even though it's terrible.  Buy it, not for its value as a story, but to get an idea of Lemony Snicket and his hilarious-but-ill-used writing style.  I have a feeling we'll be hearing from this fellow.
0671027573|4.0|...becasue you will laugh hard enough to rip them out. This book is laugh out loud fall over on the floor and roll around funny. If you are female, and you don't mind a bit of (...ahem) bawdy humor, you won't be able to stop laughing. The conversations between Jaine and her friends, Sam, and the signs in the elevator, all of it is hilarious. The characters are refreshing and very real, almost as if they were people you know (in fact, some of them might be people I know, hmmm.) <br />Unfortunately, that is pretty much all there is to recommend the book. The mystery was predictable, every part of it, even down to who would die. The psychotic killer was remarkably easy to recognize, and though there was a bit of a twist, I had seen it by the middle of the book.<br />The romance was hot, very hot, but that was all there was to that, too. Though you liked both of the characters a lot, you never really got the feeling that they knew each other. They went from flirtation to affair to marriage in about five pages, all in the middle of the book, and though they seemed to like each other well enough, there wasn't much to tell me that this would last. <br />Anyway, read it if you want a really great, female laugh. Pick it up with a pint of Ben and Jerry's (preferably something sinful) and sit down to read. You will feel like this is a night out with the girls, where the jokes are dirty, and the calories don't count.
B000003TA9|4.0|&quot;100%&quot; one of my favorite tracks written for a dear friend of theirs that is no longer with them is amazing. &quot;Wish Fulfillment&quot;, &quot;Sugar Kane&quot;, &quot;Purr&quot;, &quot;Drunken Butterfly&quot; are all very good tracks as well. To sum it up in a few short words this is the disc that got me hooked on Sonic Youth. Some of the best lyrics I've heard from T. Moore. Definetly a good all around album with great riffs good melodies. If you like Nirvana, Sex Pistols, The Descendents, I think you'll love SY Dirty.
B000002HIK|5.0|This is perhaps the most influential album of the early 90s. Upon listening to it for the first time in 1995, I was struck by its sublime tones and creativity. One does not have to look very far to see how this album has influenced a generation of modern music. From Bjork's Homogenic to Passengers' Soundtracks, this album has left its mark. <br />I am always impressed by the way James mixes harsh sounds with soothing melodies. For someone to turn dissonance into beauty is genius. If you want to know where so many of the sounds and ideas in modern &quot;pop music&quot; and &quot;electronica&quot; came from, give this album a listen.
B000002UAO|5.0|This one is second only to Sgt. Pepper's. Rubber Soul is reminiscent of Early Beatles in that 3 chord &quot;Love me Do&quot; simple way. But they had really polished it up by this time. There are maybe 1 or 2 songs on this album that you have only heard 100 times. The rest of them you've probably heard thousands of times. Very good album.
B000003S0P|5.0|After a powerful and unforgettable tour, David Cross left the group, for the same reasons that Ian McDonald did in 1969. Fripp has said that is better to rest after one exhausting tour before taking regretabble decisions. Less than one week later, the trio of Fripp, Wetton and Bruford got in the studio for another album. Few bands falling apart have obtained a record so concise and powerful as Red. An idea that does not seem good in the paper, but functioned as magic: the rollback of old members, such as Ian McDonald, as guests. The result is a fusion of the elements that had formed King Crimson, since 1969. Mel Collins' sax is the star of the brutal &quot;One More Red Nightmare&quot;, accompanied by Bruford's curious percussions and Wetton's devastating bass. Marc Charig, who has shone in the end of &quot;Islands&quot;, loans his conrnet to &quot;Fallen Angel&quot;. Even the heavy instrumental &quot;Red&quot;, with its circular structure benefits from a cello solo. The improvisation &quot;Providence&quot;, recorded in the second to last concert of the 74 tour, still with David Cross, is one of their most interesting, counting with a somber introduction in the violin. The band develops it into a furious number, and the abrupt end must be given to the fact that the original recording lasted 3 minutes longer (it can be found in the box The Great Deceiver). And to finish, the great triumph not only of the album, not only of this lineup, but all of King Crimson: &quot;Starless&quot;. It starts with a sad melody in mellotron, graced with drenching saxophone, violin, guitar and deep vocals of John Wetton. The piece then converts to an agonizing experimental section, with uncommon percussions, driving bass and a nervous guitar solo. Fripp repeats the same notes, and slowly magnifying the tension. The release comes: McDonald's sax enters in the explosive and complex final section. Robin Miller enters with the oboe to reaffirm the main melody, and after that mellotron. To describe something so intense, cathartic and emotive in words would only result in empty conjectures. Live versions featured intersting arrangement variations and different lyrics, and were generally more furious and exciting, and consequently less concise. I strongly recommend checking it out on The Great Deceiver box set. &quot;Red&quot; was played live with the lineups that followed. Soon after the announcement of the album, Fripp decided to disband Crimson - which was preparing to a new tour with Ian McDonald. Sad but true.<br />Be sure the version you buy is the 30th anniversary remastered edition.
B000002U82|5.0|Few albums achieve true greatness. This one makes true greatness seem mediocre. Pink Floyd is not one of my top ten favorite bands, but this is, hands down, my favorite album of all time.
B000050AMB|5.0|After a powerful and unforgettable tour, David Cross left the group, for the same reasons that Ian McDonald did in 1969. Fripp has said that is better to rest after one exhausting tour before taking regretabble decisions. Less than one week later, the trio of Fripp, Wetton and Bruford got in the studio for another album. Few bands falling apart have obtained a record so concise and powerful as Red. An idea that does not seem good in the paper, but functioned as magic: the rollback of old members, such as Ian McDonald, as guests. The result is a fusion of the elements that had formed King Crimson, since 1969. Mel Collins' sax is the star of the brutal &quot;One More Red Nightmare&quot;, accompanied by Bruford's curious percussions and Wetton's devastating bass. Marc Charig, who has shone in the end of &quot;Islands&quot;, loans his conrnet to &quot;Fallen Angel&quot;. Even the heavy instrumental &quot;Red&quot;, with its circular structure benefits from a cello solo. The improvisation &quot;Providence&quot;, recorded in the second to last concert of the 74 tour, still with David Cross, is one of their most interesting, counting with a somber introduction in the violin. The band develops it into a furious number, and the abrupt end must be given to the fact that the original recording lasted 3 minutes longer (it can be found in the box The Great Deceiver). And to finish, the great triumph not only of the album, not only of this lineup, but all of King Crimson: &quot;Starless&quot;. It starts with a sad melody in mellotron, graced with drenching saxophone, violin, guitar and deep vocals of John Wetton. The piece then converts to an agonizing experimental section, with uncommon percussions, driving bass and a nervous guitar solo. Fripp repeats the same notes, and slowly magnifying the tension. The release comes: McDonald's sax enters in the explosive and complex final section. Robin Miller enters with the oboe to reaffirm the main melody, and after that mellotron. To describe something so intense, cathartic and emotive in words would only result in empty conjectures. Live versions featured intersting arrangement variations and different lyrics, and were generally more furious and exciting, and consequently less concise. I strongly recommend checking it out on The Great Deceiver box set. &quot;Red&quot; was played live with the lineups that followed. Soon after the announcement of the album, Fripp decided to disband Crimson - which was preparing to a new tour with Ian McDonald. Sad but true.<br />The new gatefold 24-bit remaster is much better. The booklet with photos from the last gig and newspaper clippings is priceless.
B000002UB3|4.0|This was one of the last albums the Beatles cut. It is the Beatles at their most evolved. This album is a great showcase of musical diversity. The only other Beatles albums that can compare to this are Rubber Soul &amp; Sgt. Peppers. (I'm not one of the majority that think the White Album is their best) This one is not a dust collector! If you look at the track list, you won't recognize the songs by name. But when you play the CD, you'll know just about every song on the album.
6303201989|5.0|I first saw this movie 10 yrs ago, and I just loved the scene when the klingon spaceship 'de-cloaks' on top of the whaling ship.  I thought thaw was just awesome.  That and the scene in the end when the whales speak to the 'alien'! whales.  I wasn't a big fan of the Star Trek series until I got to see the original episodes when they were in syndication.  This is definitely in line with the series.  I love the relationship between Spock and Mc Coy.  And I don't understand how the ladies always go for Captain Kirk.  Now that is still a mystery charming though he is.
B00003CY5K|4.0|Sure, I'm a guy. I was dragged to this movie by my girlfriend, kicking and screaming. Actually, I wasn't exactly &quot;kicking and screaming,&quot; since I have a major crush on the film's star, Reese Witherspoon, but I had no desire of seeing it in a summer filled with &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; and &quot;A.I.&quot; and &quot;Planet of the Apes.&quot; <br />I was resoundingly surprised.<br />&quot;Legally Blonde&quot; is one of the most refreshing films I have seen. It mixes the goofy, colorful hipness of &quot;Clueless&quot; with the legal satire of &quot;My Cousin Vinny&quot; and, I must say, the inspirational power of films such as &quot;Hoosiers&quot; and &quot;Rudy.&quot; <br />Reese Witherspoon is a delight in her first &quot;real&quot; starring role. Sure, she's a household name, known for her roles in &quot;Fear&quot; and &quot;Pleasantville.&quot; But this film belongs to her. She's in all but one or two scenes, and she carries the film with the aplomb of a major star. Everyone's always gushing about Julia Roberts--&quot;Oh, Julia this, Julia that. Julia's so great.&quot; No...Reese is where it's at. <br />I am often called a movie snob by my friends, always loving the high-brow, intellectual films. But I must say, this movie touched me. I loved it from frame one to the end. It is colorful, hilarious, and it rises above the typical &quot;teen movie&quot; banality. <br />I recommend this film to anyone. I only give it four stars because I hold the fifth star for movies like &quot;A.I.&quot; and, well, films like &quot;The Godfather&quot; and &quot;Citizen Kane.&quot; <br />I think that's a pretty high compliment for this film. I had a smile on my face for its entire running time. If you don't see it in the theater, you better race to Blockbuster the day it comes out on video and rent it. <br />P.S. Perfect date movie--if there ever is one.
B00000IPAX|3.0|On this cd blink sold on completly it became teeny boping hip/pop music but the cd is still great if you forget about that crap what's my age again adams song is great and going away to college is awsome but if you are really a true punk fan and want to hear true blink 182 then go and get dude rance or cherchire cat those are good cd's it is true punk and never gets boring but if you think about it it is not really blinks fault they sold out blame mtv they started putting there music next to crap like bsb and britney spears I mean what were they thinking
B000046PVN|5.0|Very few composers have the gift of transporting a listener to the movies.  John Williams is the undisputed master of this.   From the Star Wars trilogy to the Indiana Jones trilogy to Superman the Movie, Williams puts you right in front of the theatre screen.  From the opening strains of the main theme, you can see the titles fly by when finally he diamond surrounded 'S' appears on the screen.  I love the March of the Villains; it brlliantly epitomizes Luhtor and his cronies.  Some fun and interesting bits have been added to this release including a disco version of Can You Read My Mind.  I love every thing abot this super sountrack.  It seems a shame that Williams left the series after the first movie.
B000002NFM|5.0|I listen to all different genres of music, but I have found that, honestly, &quot;Fat of the Land&quot; is one of my favourite albums of all time, and certainly the best Prodigy album there is (Jilted Generation certainly gives it a run for its money, and is probably more experimental; but the genius of Fat lies in the fact that it has a very coherant theme running throughout the tracks, and most of the musical ideas work very well). Naturally, however, some tracks are better than others.<br />Ranked from (1) to (10) (1 is the best track and 10 is the worst<br />Smack my B-- up: Very urban and gritty, the only drawback of this song is that it takes overly long to get off the ground. The Indipop vocal bridge thing is awesome, though.(7)<br />Breathe: Perhaps the most popular song on the album, but not really my favourite. Keith Flint's vocals don't work so well, nor does the rock-fusion effort. Serial Thrilla is a much better track in that regard.(8)<br />Diesel Power: Might've been nice if it weren't for the lame guest rapper.(9)<br />Funky S--: Awesome song; very fast-paced and aggressive, extensive sampling but all the samples work real well.(4)<br />Serial Thrilla: Perfect metal/techno fusion track. The guitar part is great, and the vocals fit real well into the song (though I'm not sure that they mean anything). Definately this is the heaviest and most aggressive song on the album, as well as one of the best. The overall sound is very dark and gritty.(2)<br />Mindfields: Another great track. Mindfields is based on a very simple theme, but it has a very earthy feel to it.(3)<br />Narayan: Really mystical; this track best captures the trippiness of the latter part of the album in general. It would've been an awesome song, but unfortunately it's not as coherant as it might've been and could use a bit more cleaning up. The lyrics are disturbing and cryptic - they add alot to the overall feel of this track; and the Sanskritish vocal thing in the middle is also great.(6)<br />Firestarter: Another techno/metal fusion track. Works very well overall; not quite as good as Serial Thrilla, but much better than Breathe. I saw the music video for this and it's also pretty cool.(5)<br />Climbatize: All in all, I'd say this is by far the best track on the album. This song is very coherant musically, and it has all the elements that make the album great: it's trippy, mystical, exotic, dark, agressive, earthy... (1)<br />Fuel my Fire: Probably the weakest overall. Fuel my Fire is a cover, adn it shows. The vocals are edgy and sorta irritating, similar to Breathe in alot of respects.(10)
0060977493|5.0|anyone who ever had a heart, wouldn't turn around and hate this book. maybe it's just me (the booker prize it received suggests not)but this novel has set THE STANDARD. yes, i am a woman. yes, i was born a lover of poesy, water, and the small heartbreaks that consume our lives (our stories). yes, i come from a dysfunctional family, one in which violence and monumental sacrifice play heavily... but it doesn't matter who i am.  EVERYONE should at least take a crack at this book. this book ate my head and my heart and it actually (now that i have read it a second time, 2 years later) did change my life. after i read the god of small things, after i was so gutted and giggly, so transfixed, so lilted and quelled... i dumped my boyfriend and fell in love with the quiet man, the eyeballs man, the GOD OF SMALL THINGS man. and i didn't even realize that the book had made me receptive... because there was a lapse in time, about a month or so. where one morning i woke up with the quiet man's eyes in my eyes and the ionized feeling of falling water. i reread the book last night. i have, since the initial reading, moved to another country and found the only meaningful relationship i have ever had with a painful beauty(the above mentioned). there is nothing to dislike about this book. everyone who panned it is somehow sub-human in my eyes. or maybe they are not, they are like Baby Kochamma... so jealous of the beauty... and afraid.
020530902X|5.0|This book is indispensible for writers of all levels.  I found it to be extremely helpful in addressing basic (and more sophisticated) grammatical errors.  A lot of written English has deteroriated into 'spoken English on paper', but there are major differences in what one writes and how one would say the same thing.<br />For college students, this book is a must-have.  I went through 2 of them (beat them up rather badly) during my college years and managed to score high grades in all of my writing classes (and I was an engineering student at a top liberal arts school).<br />If you consider communicating effectively through both the spoken and written word to be important, then I highly suggest buying and studying this book.<br />p.s. There IS a reason why this book has been a top-seller for so many years.
0375707972|4.0|my mom sent me this book (and told me to put a sticker over the oprah thing so i could read it in public)... i think because my boyfriend is from germany. and i liked it. i liked the style. i could imagine it in german and it was eloquent and unashamed. i was just plugging through it, sitting on the couch, occasionally pointing things out to roman (the deutsch boyfriend)... not taking it so seriously, but enjoying it. then i got to one page... and i think the author, upon reflection does this in many places, makes the connections so subtly and understated and well,  i got to one page and actually BURST into hysterical tears. and that's when i realized how intelligent the author is. this is a great love story. that is what it is. take away nazi germany, take away the kind-of drawn out ending. the middle is everything. you experience the relationship with michael, and as he dwells in his generational guilt and numbness, you do the feeling for him and boy it is sad. and good. both characters are just perfect. real people. honest. even if one did work at auchwitz. maybe it's just me, but the relationship was so much more compelling than the sad ending. and real. it would happen this way, i'm almost sure of it. what made me cry? what was it that had been building like a tense drum (that i hadn't even realized?)... it was a small detail. a fleeting thought the narrator has. it's connection to the earlier &quot;innocent&quot; part of the story just broke my damn heart. it was the word &quot;mare&quot;.
B000002KGT|5.0|RUMOURS is truly the once-in-a-generation, lightning-in-a-bottle album that so many critics have made it out to be.  From Stevie Nicks' sublime &quot;Dreams&quot; to Lindsay Buckingham's savage &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot; to Christine McVie's hopeful &quot;You Make Loving Fun&quot; to the driving, wrenching power chords and harmonies of &quot;The Chain&quot;, there's not a bad cut on the album, and the raw passion of five people all in the midst of romantic and personal upheavals shines through in every song.
B000053V9F|4.0|For all its script's deficiencies in factual or logical areas, this film is so rivetting that I watch the uncut version at least once a year. Costner's performance is superb, providing an image of a morally driven, anguished Garrison that makes all of the (highly embellished and short-sighted) conspiracy &quot;proofs&quot; immensely believable.<br />Those of us who can remember the end of &quot;Camelot&quot; will find a few thought-provoking surprises. As one who remembers everyone's weeping for the real JFK, it surprisingly was not until I saw the tavern scene in this film that I realised that Kennedy would hardly have been mourned by those of certain Southern mindsets.<br />Several scenes are especially powerful, among them the report which makes it appear that Oswald was a CIA agent and Garrison's meeting with the military man who described how deliberately security precautions in Dallas had been violated. In the latter case, the explanation of how a nation's power is in war, and how Kennedy was killed to avoid putting an end to &quot;police action&quot; in Viet Nam, is delivered so powerfully that, at least for a moment, one thinks one finally has the key!<br />The presentation is narrow, of course, and should not be taken for the last word on history. Yet powerful cinematography and acting, and well developed story lines, make this a winner.
1558908323|4.0|&quot;Life finds a way.&quot; Ian Malcom, &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; <br />This famous line from Steven Speilberg's dinosaur adventure has become a popular lesson of many science fiction films today. &quot;Mimic,&quot; a film in which genetically altered insects become something never intended, is no exception to this particular lesson; in fact, the movie uses it to its advantage on numerous occasions, that, and some very sophisticated special effects and filmmaking techniques. Mexican director Guillermo del Toro, who directed &quot;Cronos,&quot; turns what is a basic nature-gone-mad movie into something more terrifying, more chilling, and more suspenseful than anything we've ever seen done before. <br />That's not to say that &quot;Mimic&quot; is as fresh as a spring breeze. There are elements at work in the film that are all too familiar if you know your science fiction well. There's the obligatory explanation for the havoc surrounding the central characters, scenes involving them being trapped somewhere beyond any help, and a hero in the group that will devise all the plans for escape and the way in which to kill their opponent. But under a new premise, and some very strikingly intense moments, &quot;Mimic&quot; makes the old seem new again.<br />The hero (or herione, in this case) is Dr. Susan Tyler (Mira Sorvino), who is called upon by the city of New York to find a cure for a fatal disease striking the city's children. Along with husband Peter Mann (Jeremy Northam), they create a genetically altered breed of insect (revealed as a cross between a cockroach and a praying mantis) to wipe out the disease-infested cockroaches underneath the city.<br />Of course, the bugs, named the &quot;Judas&quot; breed, were altered in ways that left them with a short life expectancy of only six months, plus a sterile female so that no mating will take place. But, after three years have passed, Susan encounters a bug closely resembling the &quot;Judas&quot; breed insects, and itbecomes apparent to her that they have survived. <br />How did they survive? The movie never explains it, which is best; it's better left as a mystery. It also leaves room for the ensuing action sequences, as Susan and Peter, along with a police officer (Charles Dutton), make their way into the underground subways and abandoned facilities beneath the city streets. <br />This is where things get really interesting, as del Toro works his magic on us. A simple scene in which Susan attempts to retrieve a flashlight by sticking her hand in a dark hole is full of suspense, while a claustrophobic intensity permeates sequences involving an abandoned subway car where the group seeks refuge from their predators. Accompanying all of this is a heightened sensory perception. Del Toro toys with shadow and light, along with sight and sound, to add an atmospheric feel to each setting. Not since &quot;Seven&quot; have I seen a film that uses this technique so masterfully. <br />And the message behind it all? It's one we're well familiarized with, that playing God gets us nowhere. Sure, Susan's intentions were in the right place, and we even understand her reasons after an early shot of her in a hospital ward filled with sick children. I think the general theme behind all of the mayhem is not one of toying with science, but one on the many ways that life can change, and evolve into something previously unknown. <br />&quot;Mimic&quot; has a good cast in its favor. Mira Sorvino shines in a role that differs from others roles of her career, such as &quot;Mighty Aphrodite.&quot; But she proves herself able to play a convincing character in any situation. Jeremy Northam is the last person you'd expect to see running through tunnels and putting himself in dangerous situations, but he pulls it off. F. Murray Abraham makes an appearance as Susan's mentor, Dr. Gates, playing the well-educated man to perfection, while Charles Dutton is superbly comical and heroic as Leonard, the police officer. <br />&quot;Mimic&quot; is a dazzlingly intense adventure that is genuinely suspenseful and totally entertaining. It's ability to tighten the intensity surrounding its sequence of events is a trait rare to this genre, as is its ability to bring us into the atmosphere of the film's murky settings. Del Toro has fashioned a new evolution of sci-fi out of old-school tricks; I highly recommend this film.
B000002KDO|5.0|The 3rd album is by far the best that Sabbath did! it rolls over you like a tidal wave! The true inventors of heavy metal, this album is a must for all rock fans.If you listen closely to what Iommi is doing on this album, you will hear the foundation of most of today's (80's,90's and present)heavy music. if you don't have it, buy it!
B00005K3NR|5.0|There's one thing I specifically like about certain horror films, and that is those that contain the horror elements, yet have a story that allows you to feel a great deal of emotion for a main or secondary character, depending on the focus of the plot. When Stephen King wrote his first novel, Carrie, it was shocking as well as emotionally heart-stopping. Brian de Palma's film, following soon after, is groundbreaking and intense, and captures the horror of the character's actions as well as the horror of her secluded and alienated school and home life. <br />Carrie White has never been popular in school, and the verbal and physical abuse has apparently gotten worse with each year. One day, she gets her first period in the showers of the girls locker room, and frantically running to everyone for help, she is bombarded by shouts of banter and flying tampons. After it is learned that she was never told by anyone about this process of life, we soon learn the reason why: her mother is a Bible-thumping embodiment of a true maniac, who believes that every action committed by man is a sin in the eyes of God. Her treatment of her daughter is extremely harsh, but only until Carrie learns that she possesses a special gift, the ability to move objects with her mind. Meanwhile, Sue Snell, one of the girls involved in the malicious locker room incident, feels guilt over her actions and asks her boyfriend Tommy to take Carrie to the prom. Carrie accepts, and attends the event despite her mother's warnings of doom and sin. But something much worse will happen, something more terrifying than Mrs. White could ever imagine. <br />&quot;Carrie&quot; is one of the most well-known horror films of all time, and has set the standard for many later films of the genre. The entire premise for the movie is quite original, and the execution of the material is even more powerful and emotional than the novel itself. What makes it so emotional is the fact that there is a human story that happens everyday around the world. Carrie is constantly bantered and teased about every aspect of her life: her home, her mother, her apparel, and her demeanor, and it is done in such a manner that you cannot help but feel a great deal of sorrow for her when she commits the ultimate act in the finale of the film. <br />De Palma's camera angles and cinematography add an immense amount to the overall effect. Many of his shots usually center on someone in the foreground, while Carrie is somewhere within the near background, making her appear minute and small among everyone else. His use of the two-window effect for the prom sequence helps us to see more of the destruction and the reactions people have to events going on around them. One more notable sequence is opening scene, in the girls locker room, where we see the rest of the girls having fun and making merry while Carrie is alone and singled out in the shower stall. Throughout the movie, De Palma does a spectacular job in making Carrie seem insignificant when put with a group of people. <br />Sissy Spacek was brought to the project to play the title character, and does a top-notch job. She is the perfect &quot;ugly-duckling&quot; type for the role, and she is able to play out all of the emotion and terror that Carrie experiences throughout the novel. Amy Irving is does a credible job as Sue Snell, and her performance makes us believe that Sue really does feel sorry for what she has done to Carrie. The rest of the ensemble makes the movie believable, and never is there a moment where you will question the authenticity of a performance. <br />Certain to remain a hallmark of moviemaking, &quot;Carrie&quot; will shock, scare, and incite emotion for years to come. It is a movie that operates on many different levels, each beginning at separate times of the film, yet converging in the end to sweep us up in horror and sorrow.
B00003OSTK|5.0|Although the whole cast deserves accolades, it is the work of Lionel Barrymore that I find compelling.  He plays Otto Kringelin, the regular working man who finds himself incurably ill.  He decides to spend his last days in luxury at the beautiful Grand Hotel.  He makes the acquaintance of a baron (his brother, John), acquires a girlfriend (Joan Crawford), and gets a chance to tell off his boss (Wallace Beery).  He achieves the dream that many people have, but never realize.  His acting throughout is honest and you find yourself cheering for him.<br />The casting of this movie shows absolute genius.  Garbo is beautiful and engimatic as Grusenskaya the dancer, John Barrymore is the suave but impovrished baron masquerading as a jewel thief, Joan Crawford as Flamchen never looked more beautiful (although she appears in yet another of her stenographer roles), and Wallace Beery comes off well as the ruthless businessman.  All of the personalities blend together to make this a memorable film.<br />The quote &quot;Grand Hotel...people come, people go, nothing ever happens&quot; is the opening and closing line of the movie, but don't let that fool you!  A lot happens and this movie is well worth the time it takes you to see it.
B00004U8JV|2.0|Steven Speilberg returns to the screen with big-budget status and special effects galore, but even he cannot save &quot;The Lost World,&quot; the highly anticipated follow-up to his first dinosaur phenomenon, from being a blunder of no-brainer plot and twists of mere convenience. The sole returning star, Jeff Goldblum, along with some of the same suspense from the first film, makes up for what can only be referred to as a folly.<br />Goldblum's character, Ian Malcom, is called upon by John Hammond, played by a sincerely missed Richard Attenborough, who, even in his mere five-minute appearance, turns in a worthy performance. He reveals the secrets of a second island, where more genetically-created dinosaurs were placed, asking Malcom to return there and assess the situation going on there.<br />Upon his arrival, Malcom reunites with his girlfriend, Dr. Sarah Harding (Julianne Moore), who has also been watching what goes on among the prehistoric creatures. This also gives director Speilberg a chance to envision some new prehistoric creatures previously unseen in modern movie-making, from a graceful stegosaurus to swooping pterodactyls in the sky. The special effects for this film are just as visionary as the first outing, but here, they play out like special effects instead of working with the story.<br />And once a group of mercenaries lands on the island, toting large guns and expensive capture equipment, all goes to hell again. Led by game hunter Roland Tembo (Pete Postlethwaite), the group's intentions are to capture some of the animals and bring them to San Diego, where theme park owner Peter Ludlow (Arliss Howard) awaits the opening of his reality-based extravaganza.<br />But again, the dinosaurs become manhunters, with less reason for their actions than &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; provided. Recalling Laura Dern's character's speech in the first film, she warned that &quot;these are aggressive living creatures who have no idea what century they're in, and they will defend themselves, violently, if necessary.&quot; That speech summed up the reasons for mayhem in the movie's second half. Here, the predators are there simply for the action, and while there are moments of high-quality suspense, it cannot make up for this lapse in the story structure.<br />The characters are also not very well-developed, a fault that cannot be dismissed. Goldblum's Malcom is still wonderfully sarcastic and witty, but the inclusion of his daughter Kelly, played by Vanessa Lee Chester, is merely a tactic of the plot to put more people into a dangerous situation with the possibility of not making it out alive. Moore's character, Sarah Harding, is denied the privilege of expressing her awe and wonderment over the massive creatures, as are other new arrivals to the island.<br />Speilberg still fills the story with gut-wrenching intensity, even if most of them happen to be mere time-wasters. Consider the scene in which a research trailer hangs dangerously over a cliff, the occupants hanging on for dear life. The scene is charged with suspense, but tends to wear thin because it goes on for too long. Kelly, like any convenience character, throws herself into many hot spots for danger, after which she must be rescued by someone who dares to make the attempt.<br />To call &quot;The Lost World&quot; a missed opportunity is something of an overstatement. &quot;Jurassic Park was such a colossal motion picture, an first-rate fantasy movie that the sequel can only hope to aspire to be. Speilberg does not capture the same essence of prehistoric life thrown into modern day, and in doing so, &quot;The Lost World&quot; is a lost cause.
B00003CXRM|1.0|I really thought I was going to like this movie.  O' Brother was I wrong.  It was sloooooowwww[...]  I don't think I laughed once.  -1 stars is what it deserves.  Rent it you must but don't buy it.
0060278234|5.0|At first I was hesitant to read Sabriel's sequel, afraid that, like so many sequels, it wouldn't live up to its extrodinary predecessor.  However, I was very much mistaken indeed.  This book was, although certainly filled to the brim with excitment, more about about characters than action.  And they are delightfully well-constructed, well-developed characters indeed.  My one complaint is the sudden ending.  As I turned the last page and read the heading &quot;Epilogue&quot; on the top of the next, I literally dropped the book in surprise.  Nothing major had happened yet!  This book is clearly a delightful preperatation for what bodes to be an incredable conclusion.  I might recommend waiting until Abhorsen is published before reading Lirael, because the suspense is intolerable!
B00003CY5H|4.0|....but that ain't at all bad. The three other principals--Brando, Norton, Bassett(she DOES, trust me)--deliver big time, baby! The pacing ain't exactly for those folks who require pyrotechnics in every scene, but what that means is that ya gotta pay attention to details--kinda like the master safecracker of the story does. I got a huge kick out of seeing the scenes of DeNiro and Brando. Now, if someone could figure out how to get those two AND Pacino in a new film....that would be, like, so sweet....
B000002GKT|5.0|This disc is pure heavy metal. It is one of the best live albums of all classic heavy metal!
B000000WCV|1.0|With the exception of \\"Da Funk\\" \\"Revolution 909\\" and  \\"Around the World,\\"(which are the main tracks), the rest is just filler. Three good tracks and 13 that arn't, doesn't constitute much of an album.  Most of the tracks, like \\"Rollin' and Scratchin'\\" repeat the same beat for almost a full minute, before merely fading in another looped sound, or drumbeat.  Other tracks, like \\"Burnin\\" feature the worst Dj scratching I've heard,using the same scratch over and over and over.........and over.  (If this type of \\"quality\\" music suits you, check out Lou Reed's \\"Metal Machine Music\\" or Marilyn Manson's \\"Smells Like Children\\")
B00005ABX0|4.0|To really appreciate these albums, you have to understand the circumstances under which they were recorded. But at the same time you have to remind yourself before putting the album on, that this isn't SMiLE. Indeed, in many ways these two albums are as far away from SMiLE as The Beach Boys ever got.<br />Smiley Smile is probably best described as The Beach Boys &quot;drug&quot; album. The boys sound incredibly stoned at times on this album (&quot;Little Pad&quot;, &quot;Wonderful&quot;). And you would have to say that of the songs that were originally intended for the SMiLE album, the versions on Smiley Smile are inferior to the originals. That's not to say they aren't good, they are. It's just that they sound like nothing else in The Beach Boys catalogue.<br />Wild Honey has been described as The Beach Boys rythym and blues album, and while that's true to a certain extent, Wild Honey may be better seen as the beginning of The Beach Boys phase 2. You can hear the beginnings of the style they would develop on such classic albums as &quot;Friends&quot;,&quot;Sunflower&quot;,&quot;Surf's Up&quot;, and &quot;Holland&quot;. The album is also notable for featuring the first original song by the band not written, or co-written by Brian Wilson. The times they were a-changin'.
0553274503|5.0|Never have I read such a book that is written from such a 'realistic' view of a retarded person. When I read the first part of the story, it was as if for the first time I could actually feel myself being Charlie, being retarded (of course I didn't become retarded!). Sometimes I wonder, was Keyes retarded before? The book possesses both 'retarded English' and 'professional English' and I really have to compliment him for that. I preferred the part when Charlie was retarded, it was only then did he have happiness. But I guess, without him going through the operation, there's won't be such a great story and lesson learnt. The moral of the story? No one can have everything. You are either smart and sad or retarded and happy. Knowledge and Truth is many times... not that wonderful after all.
B00003CX5P|2.0|The movie on the whole manages to paint a wonderful picture of the world before the evil empire takes control. The all star cast  do a good job, but it is not enough to overcome the flat acting of Jake Lloyd. The special effects are wonderful and the battle scenes surpass the first three. Unfortunately, there's a lot of history and myth to the star wars universe. If the first three episodes of star wars didn't exist, the movie would get a higher rating. The movie is entertaining and fun, but sadly lacks depth and mystery.
B00004Z459|5.0|This cd is simply wonderful. At first i thought linkin park was just some typical mainstream rap/rock band that had no core. I was definitely wrong. I heard &quot;one step closer&quot; on the radio and absolutely loved it. I bought the cd just for that song but found that i loved every song. Every song encompassed a unique intensity and emotional climax that i found irresistable. Linkin Park has a lot to say and what their saying has a complex crux. I love hard rock and metal and this cd just captured everything i love about rock. Get this cd!!!
1577311523|4.0|. . . you may have some difficulty with this book. I'm always a little unnerved when an author claims to have found the one and only truth. Tolle can seem a little glib at times, and a bit over the top. That said, there's a lot of helpful commentary and suggestions in this book. If you're working from a Buddhist orientation, or if you're struggling with anxiety, this book can be very useful--it offers some new angles on dealing with common life-problems.
0060920084|4.0|He's a bad man is Bill Bryson. He says all the things I wish I'd thought of first. \\"Some of the shops were just a bit twee, I must admit. One of them was called The Cutest Little Shop In Town, which made me want to have the Quickest Little Puke in the County\\". In his irreverent drive around The States, Bryson never leaves you in any doubt about what he likes and what he doesn't like. Of one town, he says, \\"I walked up Thames Street, where some fine old sea captains' homes were fighting a losing battle with litter and dog sh*t and the encroachment of gas stations and car transmission places. It was all very sad. This was a place where the people didn't seem to care, or perhaps just didn't notice how shabby they had let things grow. It reminded me of London.\\" So, are you left in any doubt? And when he sings the praise of a town or region, he sings it high.<br />The Lost Continent is both informative and amusing - very amusing. Bryson's satirical observations are splendidly catalogued and beautifully tailored for the job in hand. Five out of five for an excellent journey, minus one for some slightly more tedious moments part way through.
B00004W4UB|3.0|This is a strange, grotesque vision of the Jekyll Household seen through so haunted eyes of Julia Roberts as the lowly help, [give or take a few problems of her own].<br />Fog in the throat?  Yes, most definately a complex picture of the doomed doctor's household and staff.     This IS a mood piece par excellence, with a DY-NO-MITE Hyde-Jekyll Transformation sequence, very unusual and so different from the, effective though they are, earlier Barrymore/Tracy/March versions.   It leaves you with that queasy feeling.   Malkovich is suitably shrill as the doctor in distress.  Glenn Close?   Always stalwart as the crimson-lipped Madame. <br />It is Miss Julia who impresses most with her ultra-vulnerability - a perfect realization of this girl. ...
B00005BJPO|4.0|This version of Akira is the best ever!  Somone mentioned they didnt like the new translation and voices.  I STRONGLY disagree.  The voices are better than ever, they do sound more mature than teenagers, but are much cooler than the original pioneer translation.  I highly recommend buying this version.  The translation makes a lot more sense also.<br />The production reprot is cool, but a little cheesy, thats why I gave it only 4 stars.
B00003CY0V|3.0|This film is cool...VERY cool, You have Travolta doing the bad guy....a cool bad guy. You have Halle Berry looking cool...but then she would. You have the whole film looking cool...but unfortunatly...NOT good. A superficial, over the top, far fetched story that relies too much on looking cool and blowing things up. The whole thing revolves around a lot of money, millions infact that Travolta's character wants to fund his continuing protection of the American way. He needs a harker to help him though to gain access to this money. In steps Hugh Jackman's character, Stanley. Stan has problems, the FBI shoved him in jail for snooping around their computer system and won't let him near a keyboard. His porn star ex-wife won't let him near his daughter so he finds .... What does save it is two things, a car being one. The British, yes British, car the TVR is a stunner adds more cool to the film but this is GOOD cool, not the bad cool of the rest of the film. The other saving grace of this film is Hugh Jackman. The comparision to a young Clint Eastwood is not   unfounded. He looks good and IS good in this. ....Swordfish is worth watching just for the fact it is cool but don't expect anything great. Just enjoy the sheer nonsense of it.
B00005J6RE|4.0|Paramount's complete reissue of Classic Trek on DVD continues with this installment of episodes from the end of the series' second season.<br />Over thirty years after it was first aired, The Ultimate Computer remains a thought provoking and relevant episode.  The theme of man vs. machine is more with us today than ever before.  D. C. Fontata's excellent script is helped by superior television directing from John Meredyth Lucas.  The distinguished stage actor William Marshall's performance as Dr. Richard Daystrom is rich in foreshadowing the high-strung scientist's impending breakdown.  (Primarily based on the strength of that performance, nearly every Trek incarnation since has referenced Richard Daystrom, and in The Next Generation, there's even a Daystrom Institute.)  Barry Russo makes a brief but noteworthy appearance as Commodore Robert Wesley (Wesley was Gene Roddenberry's middle name).  Finally, James Doohan outdoes himself by playing THREE roles here: Scotty (of course), the voice of Commodore Enwright, and the voice of the M-5 Computer.<br />The Omega Glory was one of three scripts written for the second Trek pilot, following NBC's rejection of The Cage (the other two were Mudd's Women and Where No Man Has Gone Before).  Though this was the first script written making use of the parallel worlds concept, by the time it was filmed, the idea had been used so many times before (Miri, Bread &amp; Circuses, Patterns of Force) that it was becoming stale.  As in Patterns of Force, the parallels are so obviously drawn that they're not convincing.<br />There are a few clever visual touches here: In The Ultimate Computer, four Constitution Class starships are shown by creating a split screen effect.  In The Omega Glory, two existing shots of the Enterprise are combined to create the appearance of two starships orbiting Omega IV.<br />The restored picture is excellent, with deep colors and realistic flesh tones.  The sound has been effectively, but tastefully, enhanced for multi-channel systems.anced for multi-channel systems.
0446525537|4.0|What a journey in an era when &quot;women wore dresses and men wore donned hats&quot;, when the Vanderbilts and Whitneys still ruled America, when the murder of the Lindbergh baby is still a byword ... so much for that! The story of Landon Carter and Jamie Sullivan, the story of a naughty rascal and a goody-goody soon-to-be-spinster is not an unusual one but very much common. Opposites are usually the best combination, even for a short time. Being in love with a woman you've always despised and the one you least expected to be intimate with? Why not. Not even his friends' non-stop teasing and a minister's daughter's worn-out fashion sense would stop Landon's pursuit of his long-sought-after-piece-of-the-puzzle whom he always wanted but never knew it until he took her to the prom, joined Hegbert's &quot;soon-to-be-junked&quot; drama, and walked with her every night to her home. It all changed everything, from Hegbert's stubbornness to Jamie's tight-bunned bonnie hair. Magic can happen, if only you believe it. A must-read for all who love fairy tales out there and a recommendation from somebody who hate goddam' love stories. Mr. Sparks created a masterpiece. Always have your kleenex when you start reading it, you can't avoid having one or two drops in the least.
B000021XS0|5.0|First off if you don't know who Dream Theater is, this album would be a good place to start. It has everything that a metak head needs. From screaming guitars, to soaring vocals, to a story about murder.       This is a concept album and a very good one. the band made up of James LaBrie on vocals, John Myung on bass, Mike Portnoy on drums, John Petrucci on guitars, and new-comer Jordan Rudess on the keyboard. All of whom are amazing at what they do. Mike Portnoy is the best person since Neal Peart to get behind a drum set. John Myung's bass playing has been compared to the likes of Billy Sheehan and Dave LaRue. John Petrucci is in my opinion the best guitar player to ever pick up the instrument. Jordan Rudess has been compared to the mighty Rick Wakemen and James LaBrie is a classicly trained singer.        Now imagine all this together and you get Dream Theater. This album starts off with a bang after the short introduction and goes into an instrumental that makes you think, &quot;we are in for a fun time.&quot; And you are. This 70+ minute album is a trip that is definitly worth taking. From &quot;Beyond This Life&quot; to &quot;Strange Deja Vu&quot; to the radio single, &quot;Home&quot; all the way to the grand finale, &quot;Finally Free.&quot; This album is solid all the way through. But who can forget about the instrumental song &quot;Dance of Eternity.&quot; This one goes from sound like arabian music to Rush to Yes and back to hardcore Dream Theater all within ten minutes.        Would I recamend this to a friend? Of cource and if I had the money, i would buy it for him or her. This CD is worth taking a chance on. Do it, you won't be disappointed.
B000005IZ8|4.0|I feel POWAQAATSI, as a musical assemblage, lags far behind its predecessor, KOYAANISQAATSI.  There is only one band which warrants more than curiosity and a yawn.<br />&quot;Caught&quot; is clearly the most explosive and innovative piece in (at least in my collection) the recorded literature.  In listening, one must have the subwoofer on and lights low.  This one moves the walls.  The last octave is important to the experience.<br />It has become a staple of modern-dance companies and most high-end stereo shops have it ready for system demonstrations.  It is satisfyingly long and is not all 'bang and boom'.
B00000DLV1|5.0|i like this cd very much the sounds are mellow and its the best to listen to when you feel like chilling out.My favourite song would have to be glory box its spacey sound always put me in crazy mood wihch is my favourite kind.they sound o.k recorded but i like them live better so yeah  i think they rule and every one should should have a copy of NYClive.
B00004X01U|2.0|Her first few albums were quite good.  I don't know what happened after that.  Her songs lack the beat and enthusiasm she used to evoke.  This album I would definitely pass up.  It's not worth the buck.  maybe when she comes out with something more interesting, I would consider buying her music, but until then, I think I'll pass on this one.
B00003CY5H|4.0|No matter who you are, where you go or what you do, it seems that life is always waiting with a new lesson to teach you; sometimes it's a matter of experience versus youth, other times it's just a matter of having the sense to follow your own instincts.  Whichever it is, sometimes it can get really interesting-- to say the least-- especially when it involves a couple of interesting guys; one who just doesn't know enough, while the other violates a cardinal rule he's already learned but chooses to ignore.  And the fact that they've been brought together by a third party who has his own agenda makes it even better, which is what happens in \\"The Score,\\" directed by Frank Oz and starring Robert De Niro, Edward Norton, Marlon Brando and Angela Bassett.  <br /> Nick Wells (De Niro) owns a jazz club in Montreal; he's a solid, tax-paying everyday citizen.  He's also never met a safe he couldn't crack.  At least in his own territory.  Part of his success is that he's smart-- his extracurricular activities always take him across the border, to either the U.S. or Europe.  At home, he's clean.  And that's his cardinal rule:  You live in your own country, but take down scores elsewhere.  It's one of life's lessons that has served him well.<br /> One day, however, his associate, Max Baron (Brando) approaches him with an offer he can't refuse.  It involves the Customs House right in his own backyard, Montreal.  Max, it seems, has an inside guy there, Jackie Teller (Norton), who knows the layout and also knows of a certain item kept in a certain safe that if appropriated could set the three of them up for life.  Or perhaps send them up for life.  And that's the rub.  When does the value of the score finally outweigh the risks?  It's a question Nick has to answer, and quickly, because he's the key to the whole operation and Max is in a hurry.  Jackie can get them in, but Nick's the only one who can open the safe.  So the ball is in his court.  But the risk is huge, and Nick's got alot at stake-- like everything he's worked his whole life for, as well as the woman he loves, Diane (Angela Bassett), whom he's been keeping in the wings for too long already.  It's a tough decision, but this one more score would set him up for life, and it's practically a sure thing.  And who can pass up a sure thing, even if it is one of the basic lessons life teaches everyone somewhere along the line:  There's no such thing as a sure thing, and If it looks too good to be true, it always is.<br /> Working from a clever and exacting screenplay (by Kario Salem, Lem Dobbs and Scott Marshall Smith), director Oz (with some uncredited help from De Niro) sets the stage for the caper nicely, giving you time to get to know the characters and what makes them tick.  From the opening he sets a deliberate pace which works perfectly for this character and dialogue driven story, because it's the people and the decisions they make that gives what they do an impact, and ultimately heightens the tension that builds quickly as the crime is being played out.  Throw in the fact that there's a couple of unexpected twists along the way, and it makes for quite a show.  Of course, having one of the most exciting casts ever to be assembled for a movie didn't hurt Oz's efforts either.  Having three of the greatest actors of their respective generations together in a film, then supplementing them with the beautiful and talented Angela Bassett takes this project to a level for which a category hasn't even been created yet.<br /> With another impeccable performance, De Niro continues to delight and amaze.  He can take a basically regular guy like Nick (okay, he's got some interesting habits, like cracking safes, but other than that he's just another guy) and make him unique and interesting, beginning with the attitude and working his way from the inside out to create a complete character, emotionally and physically.  It's that chameleon quality, that ability to disappear so completely inside the character that sets De Niro apart from just about every other actor you'll ever see.  And, ironically, one of them just happens to be his co-star here.  His name is Brando.<br /> Since he began his career, Marlon Brando has been larger than life and an actor's actor.  He's always been a character actor in leading roles, but now, with age, his ability to create a genuine character, to bring someone to life on the screen, is better than ever.  There's a richness to his portrayal of Max that is totally affecting; he's become the Sydney Greenstreet of the new millennium, and hopefully we'll see a lot more of him in roles like this one.<br /> And proving that he can more than hold his own with the giants of his profession, Edward Norton turns in a credible and totally convincing performance as Jackie.  Of all of the stars of this generation, Norton just may be the heir apparent to his co-stars here.  It's a rare treat to see three actors of this caliber together, and that alone qualifies this film for a footnote in cinematic history.<br /> Angela Bassett makes the most of her limited screen time, meanwhile; her scenes with De Niro really click, and there's some undeniable chemistry between them.  Her part may be fairly small, but it's the relationship between Nick and Diane that enhances the drama of Nick's final decision, and that makes it a big part of \\"The Score,\\" and one of the reasons this is one film you do not want to miss.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is possibly the best album in atleast the past ten years,period!  I have read the reviews about the songs dragging on, and how the older albums were better blah blah blah.  I am not a metal fan, and never will be.  I honestly don't think of Tool as a metal band.  I know many may think I'm crazy, but the running together of the songs reminds me of the Beatles Abbey Road or Floyd's Dark Side of The Moon.  The musicianship on this CD is everything one would expect from Tool: evil, heavy, mystical and powerful.  Tool is all over the place on this album, screaming one minute, and then the song breaks off into a mellow mood, and then picks up again.  On songs like the grudge, Maynard's vocals are at time reminiscent of Ian Astbury from the Cult.  Danny's drumming is incredible on this disk.  When compared to Undertow, you can easily see how Tool has evolved musically.  I can't wait to see these guys live!!
B00000JL86|5.0|With witty dialogue and wonderful voice acting by Meg Ryan, Angela Lansbury, and John Cusack, this movie shines. Great songs also help too. Bartok is also funny. Did you see when tried to warn Rapustin of high blood pressure? That's a true classic. No matter what your age(I'm 14), Anastasia is bound to be a great piece of entertainment that will make you feel warm and fuzzy inside.
B000003NA4|5.0|Searching the local music stacks recently to explore something new in Jazz, I came across this as one of the featured Bestsellers to listen to on headphones.<br />As others have well documented, hearing just a little of her smooth voice, nice piano, bass and guitar, I was sold.<br />Remain more sold after playing the CD through many times.  As the reviewer said, &quot;if you're looking for the album to play while watching the city lights at 2 a.m., this is it.&quot;  Enjoy &quot;Peel Me a Grape&quot; and the great guitar/bass solos on &quot;I Don't Know Enough About You&quot; &quot;Lost Mind&quot;<br />This is silky smooth, luxurious jazz, so well done and mixed.  Got to try more of her talent.
B000001EKX|4.0|This is the most underrated KISS album of all time. Kiss couldn't capture it's raw sound on their first album, but they succeeded in doing so on Hotter than Hell. Parasite is one of the best, if not the best, KISS songs of all time, as is Got to Choose. The title track is great, and the opening riff to Watchin' You is timeless. And listen to Peter Criss' drumming on this album. He was awesome on this album, better than on ANY other KISS album. This is a great buy for any hard rock/KISS fan. It rocks hard from start to finish. Too bad KISS doesn't play many songs off this one live. Some of them are on ALIVE, and they are the highlights of the album. Hotter than Hell never got the recognition it deserved, but it's a great album.
B00003CXN3|3.0|What can I say, I don't know anything about the reality of the drug trade, or anything relating to what this stuff is really like, but from a purely movie watching stand point, this movie is ok.  Not great, or [bad], just ok.  First off, the cinematography is pretty good.  I like Soderbergh's film school style.  The acting covers all ranges, from excellent to bad.  Benicio Del Toro actually pulled off a role that was completly spoken in spanish.  I haven't seen something like that since De Niro did it in the Godfather 2.  Douglas's part seems flat, and the fact that the drug czars daughter is on crack seems alittle outragious.  ...Miguel Ferrar(sp?) is good as always.  He can play a wormy shady character better than most.  What put me off was the length and the almost total lack of humor.  Sure this a dead serious subject, but in order for me not to snap while watching a lengthy movie, it either needs to be A: a great and compelling movie, like the Godfather, or B: it needs to have some comic relief, something to break the tension.  The part where the two cops are joking around is funny, but this movie just seems to be weighted in its own preachiness.     If you got a few hours, see this movie, but if not, then don't lose any sleep over it.
B00000IMTG|5.0|I own this record (and now also the CD) for 20 years. It was the first record I ever purchased and although since then I've enjoyed many outstanding albums, this one, in my own, strictly personal opinion, still tops them all. If the house was one fire and I was allowed to take only one CD with me, this would be it. The right combination of artists on the right tour at the right time. Wonderful.
B0000508U6|5.0|I don't give out 5 stars normally, but compared to all the crap out there this excellent album deserves it. It is a cross between Radiohead and Oasis, with some Verve thrown in. Really thoughtfull and enjoyable.
B00003CXP1|5.0|When I rented this movie I hadn't heard anything about it at all. I was bored and took off to the tiny video store closest to my apt. I's seen almost everything they had and I thought, &quot;oh, what the hell, I'll check this out,&quot; half expecting it to be one of those teeny bopper, MTV-type movies because of the   cast. Wow. I'd like to apologize to Jared Leto and Marlon Waynes - I just didn't know. The performances in this movie were brilliant. Ellen Burstyn was amazing. The characters' miserable pursuit of their misguided dreams grabs hold of you, crushes your spirit. You know what's going to happen but can't stop watching, as though you just want to be their for them, for Sara, for Harry, for Tyrone, for Marion.  It's not some corny anti-drug movie. It's a raw, gut-wrenching,  unforgiving look at the by-product of a society that has chosen to dull its senses with an assortment of addictions and which feeds on empty images of glamour, high life and leisure. As the credits rolled, I just stood there ( I had stood up right in front of the television screen for the last 30 minutes or so of the movie), chest heavy, brain throbbing, balance thrown, as though the wind had been knocked out of me. It is difficult to watch, as alot of our reality tends to be, but it is so necessary. No stupid happy-ending wrap-up here. This is real. And unforgettable. It leaves you changed.
B00004XONN|4.0|Continuing to stretch, this album finds Radiohead stepping back from the arty brink and less accessible last album, into a more electronic style giving a more atmospheric/scary sound to their excellent/painful lyrics.  Great album, check out &quot;The Bends&quot; if you haven't already.
B00003CY5K|5.0|Legally Blond was the best movie ever my favorite part was... chuck and the guy that cleaned the pool! Go Blond!
630463949X|5.0|This concert is possibly the greatest reunion concert ever.  Every member of the band is enthusiastically playing their hearts out, and coupled with the flawless setlist and vocals makes it to be very special.  Lindsey Buckingham is obviously the best on stage, with his guitar playing better than ever and his voice slightly deeper and more meaningful than ever, if possible.  Nicks is outstanding in her witchiness, and her song Silver Springs blows the audience away.  McVie is slightly more subdued, but still belts her heart out on every song.  A solid performance!
B00000F1D3|3.0|Cher's big comeback BELIEVE, should have happened in 1996 with her marvelous much underrated album ITS A MAN'S WORLD. Believe is just another foray into techno/dance music, a trend started earlier in the year with Madonna's RAY OF LIGHT and Gloria Estefan's GLORIA. Where does Cher fit in? Well right here. &quot;Believe&quot; is perhaps the biggest hit of Cher's career, and the song of 1999. The only song that comes close to this one is &quot;All Or Nothing&quot; which is an excellent song. &quot;Taxi Taxi&quot; sounds more like a bside type song, just here for filler. &quot;Love Is The Groove&quot; and &quot;Takin Back My Heart&quot; are nice songs too. &quot;Runaway&quot; is pretty good too. &quot;Dov'e L'Amore&quot; is a nice song, but the Emilio Estefan remix is so much better. The closing remake of her 1980's hit &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; is alright, but the original is much much better. Overall an ok record, but not her strongest, but I would say worth having.
B00005HYHA|5.0|The ultimate collector's edition.  I have the album and CD but I had to buy this.  I love the collectability of this item.  They won't be around for ever folks better buy while the getting is good.
0440416027|5.0|All that i've wanted to say has already been said by all these people. This is a gorgeous book. Well written, and it quickly became one of my faves. Do try out this book, no matter what your age is, if you love fantasy and if you love books about angels and such, then you just might love this book. *^__^*
0062511408|5.0|I read the Spanish version, at the time the Portuguese version was not available.... but I enjoyed it the same.<br />Beautiful fable of a boy that goes out to pursue his dreams, only to be taught a life lesson.  A lesson that all of us can use and apply in our daily lives.<br />Highly recommended.
B00003CXAY|5.0|I remember coming home from a daylong concert in 1987 after somebody spiked my beer with LSD. I was still flying and turned on the tube. PBS was showing Koyaanisquatsi and really affected me. But I wondered if it was so good just because I was tripping. So I recorded it and watched it sober and it was even better. I'm still not as thrilled with the repetitious monotony of some of Philip Glass' music as some folks, but it fit the movie, especially the scenes in New York City. It was brilliance to set the cacophony and hurriedness of NYC against the simple beauty of the desert Southwest. I think this movie is a great lesson in how environment can change the attitudes of people. I don't believe the director was trying to point to the ugliness of the modern world because there were some scenes of the man-made world that were beautiful. But I do think that the 'life out of balance' theme resounds with the faces of the people who looked so unhappy. Also I think that it underscores man's effects on the environment as inconsequential in the grand design. (Sounds like I'm still high, Huh?) Watch the film and see for yourself. Those who are bored with the film, and there are few, just can't seem to get a grasp what it's trying to say but those who watch it intently usually will place it in their top 5 of all films
B000059HAI|5.0|These days we have &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot;, which I consider a very good film, excellent special effects, etc, etc.... but it deviates from the actual events,  is more of a romance story than the actual war, as it happened...<br />Now, if you want a &quot;true&quot; historical movie, watch &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot;  Some people have critiqued this great movie as an &quot;almost documentary&quot;, but then I think it was the intention of the producers and directors to portray the actual events in an informative way, educating the people while watching the action.<br />Actually one of the most important points of both movies: &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot; and &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; is that the US Government knew about the upcoming Japanese attack but did not take action in time or fast enough to avoid the disaster that we lived through.
0316776963|5.0|I was standing in Miami Airport, looking for something to read on my impending long flight.  I saw this book, flipped through a couple of pages and thought &quot;What the heck?&quot;  The hours that followed were filled with my audible and uncontrollable laughter permeating through the departure lounge and the aircraft.  I kept grabbing my best friend/travel companion so I could read passages to her - I haven't laughed that much in a long time.  I have since purchased an unprecedented 10 volumes for family and friends, so impressed am I with this work.  David Sedaris' take on life is hilarious - the chapter on his brother, Paul, &quot;The Rooster&quot; is one of my favourites.  Each chapter is a short story about one subject or the next.  Make sure you concentrate on each one.  I now own all the David Sedaris books, and can't wait for his next installment.<br />Just terrific!
0345440757|3.0|I both loved and hated elements of this book. I liked that the author encouraged parents to become more in tune with their baby, learning their cues and signals. I also liked that she defined different baby &quot;personalities&quot; and what tendencies each one exhibited. (My son fell into the &quot;textbook baby&quot; category.) But what I was open to at first, and then grew to hate, was her insistence on putting your baby on a schedule. A rather rigid one. And that babies should sleep in their own bed, in their own room, and never with their parents. That seemed fine to me at first, when I was still pregnant. But then I actually had my baby, and tried these methods. Frankly, I was miserable. I became more and more frustrated and confused, not to mention exhausted. Finally, after two months of trying &quot;the baby whisperer way&quot; I ditched the book, and decided to follow what my intutition told me. My son slept in our bedroom with us for a while, and we let him find his own schedule instead of trying to invent one for him. We've been a wonderfully happy (and RESTED) family ever since.<br />This book has it merits, don't get me wrong. As a first time mom, I guess I assumed all the answers would be found in ONE book. But what I've learned is that with this, as with all parenting books, you have to pick and choose what works for you and your baby. Attachment parenting was what we needed in our household. But if you dislike that philosophy, or if it hasn't worked for you, then I think this book is worth a try.
0792156684|5.0|Cameron gave us an old-style classic using the most money any production agency has ever put up, and worked tirelessly to be perfect. He pulls off the task wonderfully. Like GONE WITH THE WIND and CASABLANCA, TITANIC sets a beautiful human story against a cataclysmic backdrop to touch of universal emotions and timeless grace. <br />Many people have the right to compare this version of Titanic and her journey into the abyss to others in the past. But the tale of Rose and Jack are more than just a typical Hollywood romance today. They've become unforgettable characters (like, say for example Rhett Butler and Scarlett O'Hara, or Rick and whats her face). <br />I'm giving my praise for Cameron's masterpiece, not the DVD which has great picture quality but not enough features.
0671578855|5.0|I have read every word I can find in print that this woman has written.  I have done tis with only one other SF author, Robert Heinlein.  Why?  Simple, the characters and the stories .  In not so simple words it is becasue I like the way her characters think.  To me there is no higher praise for an author than to say that I would pay full price for one of their books.  I would do so for anything she has written as they are that good.  This one has some great humor and still keeps Miles life moving forward.  Bravo Zulu!  I can't wait for the next one.<br />....
B000002UKS|4.0|The intended audience for this review is not the alt-rock crowd, who don't need my help to find their way to this band.  I'm writing in the hopes that someone browsing my reviews of other, more technical/progressive music might want to know how I could possibly give four stars to one of the flagship bands of today's alternative radio rock.<br />So much of today's alternative radio rock sounds to me like the music is almost an afterthought, some token guitar strumming to give the lyrics a chord progression, maybe a bit of texture.  The Foo Fighters' radio singles have always stood out to me; now that I have this disc, I have confirmed that they're a true, noteworthy exception to the alt-rock rule.  Grohl's vocal melodies are catchy in an almost Beatles sort of way: simple, resonant, even familiar, but without that jaded feeling that it's been sung a million times before.  Guitar riffs often break free from the mold, lending an extra bit of melody here and a forceful backbone there; and even when they do fall into simple power chords following the melody, it feels, not thoughtless, but integrated.  Most prevalent and important is the sincerity with which Grohl writes, not to be a rich, famous rock star, but for the basic love of music-making.  The pretender slaps together something simple and proclaims that less is more; but, in the hands of the Foo Fighters, simplicity takes the colour and the shape of warmth, life, and art.  These guys are the real deal.
0671578855|5.0|I have read every word I can find in print that this woman has written.  I have done tis with only one other SF author, Robert Heinlein.  Why?  Simple, the characters and the stories .  In not so simple words it is becasue I like the way her characters think.  To me there is no higher praise for an author than to say that I would pay full price for one of their books.  I would do so for anything she has written as they are that good.  This one has some great humor and still keeps Miles life moving forward.  Bravo Zulu!  I can't wait for the next one....
B00000IQUT|3.0|I Spit on Your Grave is not for everyone, and I can think of a few female relatives who would turn the VCR off in disgust, and immediatley call for a ban of the film in the name of Feminism. My biggest problem with it, is that the four bad guys, especially the retarded one, Matthew, are horrible actors. Camille Keaton, is lovely and believable as the young, sexy writer. But the 4 rapists act idiotically throughout the film, taking away from the raw horror of the brutal, and graphic rape scenes, very realistically shot. The revenge scenes were set up well, and provide a great climax to the movie...I would like to see this picture remade, as they have done with other classics such as &quot;Psycho&quot; or &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot;, featuring a fearless actress, and 4 competent actors who would play the parts for realism. But would it sell well today? Only time will tell.
B00004STPT|4.0|This was an excellent collections of the songs from the movie Gladiator.  The only thing that I did not like is that many of the songs are slow and quiet.  Other than this it is a must have for any Gladiator fan.
B000007S5B|5.0|This album is a great Morrison atmospheric experience, has the blues and rock moments as well as the poetry which ebbs as quickly as it rises.  In the end the experience fizzles out unceremoniously with a rock n roll snarl.  People who seem to nitpick this album shoot down songs like FIVE TO ONE and the UNKNOWN SOLDIER both of which, I would consider, are typical (meaning damn good) Doors pieces.  People who pick this up for HELLO I LOVE YOU could also be disappointed as that particular joint is fairly unique on this album and in the Doors catalogue.  Let me tell you people, this Doors effort is about mood more than rock.  LOVE STREET is sweetly bland, the lyrics mean nothing, the song is a muse of sorts-sometimes it is very enjoyable.  NOT TO TOUCH THE EARTH is a part of the CELEBRATION OF THE LIZARD and is bizarre alone.  It also loses alot of its impact because this studio recording of the track leaves the percussion and bass a little light.  SUMMER'S ALMOST GONE is an exceptionally good song, note the lyrics, it is a beautiful tragedy.  WINTERTIME LOVE could have been written by John Tesh, let's pretend it doesn't exist.  You might like it drunk on Christmas Eve.  THE UNKNOWN SOLDIER has good energy, and that characteristic late 60's anti-war vigor, the little scene portrayed in the middle is stupid-if you listen real close you can tell that is Densmore making the shooting noise!  SPANISH CARAVAN begins a new emotion on the album, Krieger deftly begins with flamenco guitar and then leads with electric when the song gets down to business-a great Doors song.  MY WILD LOVE is a personal favorite, it is Morrison as shaman, complete with wailing throng and tambourines-this song will take you somewhere man.  WE COULD BE SO GOOD TOGETHER is not a bad song, not good-out of place and forgettable.  YES, THE RIVER KNOWS is interesting, on the moody level of LOVE STREET,  very soulful as concerns Jim.  FIVE TO ONE is not really an album closer in my opinion especially afterthe former, but by itself it is a very-Doors song, I love it.  It ends with the typical Morrison random and suspicious banter.  This album is not the blockbuster for these guys but has great moments throughout.  Exploration yielding good results.
B00000JCOV|4.0|I first saw these guys on the cover of some magizine....  I'd heard from friends that it was good so I grabbed it at Circuit City. It started with some freaky song-skit thing called 742617000027 and I knew that was a bad sign. Most of the songs are pretty heavy with mediocre rapping on Spit It Out. There's also OK singing on Wait and Bleed but singer Corey Taylor's singing voice is like a speaking voice. Overall it was a enjoyable album and if you're into aggresive, profanity-laden, heavey stuff then I'd urge you to pick this up.
B00005ASOC|3.0|take Good Will Hunting, make them high schoolers and take out all of the wit, and you pretty much have this movie it's not a bad movie but it just rode the coattails of the other movie don't bother
0520215842|5.0|I came across Roberts's translation of Three Kingdom a year ago and was surprised how good it is.  Other than being lucid and close to the original, it reads astonishingly well, reproducing the fast-paced narrative as well as the intimate vernacular which Lo wrote his Chinese.  Few Chinese prose classics has been as well done as this (certainly, of all translations of Three Kingdom, this must be the best, far better than Brewitt-Taylor's), and it's worth starving yourself to get the full version rather than the abridged one.<br />Three Kingdoms needs very little introduction.  In China, Japan, Korea and elsewhere it has spanned countless dramas, operas, serials, comic strips, video, Nintendo games etc., and it boosts by far the most well-known pantheon of characters in East Asian literature: Guan Yu, epitome of loyalty, deified in China; reckless Zhang Fei; their ruler-brother Liu Bei; the supreme strategist Zhuge Liang; the villain-ruler Cao Cao (used as a foil for Liu Bei but also portrayed as a cunning tactician); Sun Quan and his fellow advisor Zhou Yu; lion-hearted Zhao Yun...the list goes on.  But Three Kingdoms is worth reading not just because its pantheon of wonderfully vibrant characters, but also as a strategem and for its masterful blend of history, culture, political insights and popular storytelling.  Lo embellished and at times changed history, but always for the sake of heightening the dramatic effect.
0385484518|5.0|I really liked this book.  It is a great book to read.  I hate to read and this is a good book for anyone who does not like to read at all.  This book has a good story line to it.  It helps you to understand what a teacher will do for a student.  I had a very good teacher that helped me in so many ways.  This teacher I had in college.  I still keep in touch with him and I am glad that I do because if something happened to him I just don't know what I would do.  I would go on with life but part of me will always miss him when he is come.  He is a wonderful teacher.  He has helped me in the past and he is still helping me today.  I went to a two year college and I have my associate's degree in computers and where I am from there are not a lot of jobs around here and I am having trouble finding a full time job and all I want is a chance to get a job in computers.  I went to talk to him not along and I decided to go back to school and I am that I am going back to school.  I am going back to school for some more computers-(up to date classes).  Without my teacher to guide me in the right direction I don't know what I would have done.  My teacher cares about all of his students that he has now and the students that he had in the past too.  Reading this book helped me to understand my teacher awhole lot better.
B000000W5L|5.0|SO MUCH HAS BEEN WRITTEN ABOUT THIS ALBUM; ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT EVERYTHING U'VE EVER READ ABOUT IT IS TRUE.  THAT IS, IT'S THE BEST ROCK N ROLL ALBUM EVER MADE.  BUT I CAN'T STOP. I FIRST HEARD IT WHEN I WAS ABOUT 16, AND AT FIRST COULDN'T GET MY EARS ROUND THE MURKY SOUND.  BUT AFTER A FEW LISTENS I WAS HOOKED.  I LITERALLY WORE MY TAPE OUT!  I'M SO GLAD THAT THIS ALBUM WAS MADE, COS I LIVED BY IT WHEN I WAS A TEENAGER, AND STILL FEEL THE SAME WAY BOUT IT 8 YEARS LATER.  I MEASURE EVERY ALBUM BY IT, ALTHOUGH THERE'S ONLY A FEW OTHERS THAT CAN COME CLOSE (WHITE ALBUM BY THE BEATLES IS ANOTHER).  ALTHOUGH U'D THINK BY THE REVIEWS THAT IT'S CLICHED AND DATED - IT'S ANYTHING BUT THAT. IT WAS RECORDED WHEN THE STONES WERE AT THEIR PEAK, AND LOOKED ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. I SUPPOSE THEY INVENTED THE SOUND THAT INSPIRED A LOT OF MEDIOCRE BANDS, BUT WHO CARES.  THIS ALBUMS GOT IT ALL- IT'S AGRESSIVE, SOULFUL WITHOUT BEING CHEESY, FUNKY, AND SLEAZY. FINALLY, WHAT MAKES IT SO UNBELIEVABLY AMAZING IS THAT IT'S UTTERLY CONVINCING.  I USED TO IMAGINE THAT IT WAS RECORDED IN SOME DESOLATE SHACK IN THE DEEP SOUTH, AND WAS QUITE GUTTED THAT IT WAS DONE IN KEEF'S VILLA BASEMENT IN FRANCE.  AT LEAST THEY WERE TAX EXILES AT THE TIME- ROCK N ROLL!
B000002ADT|5.0|Miles Davis delivers some of the sweetest sounds ever produced by a trumpet in Kind of Blue.  Sax fans won't be disappointed either as John Coltrane is featured in many of the tracks.  <br />A great introduction to Jazz in general and these two legends in particular.  I'd recommend this album to anyone, jazz fan or not.
B00004XOWM|4.0|well then limp bizkits signifigant other was ok but this album is better because there into the roots of 3 dollar bill yall$. Even though 3 dollar bill yall$ is still their best album hot dog still brings some of their original roots back to the world. Songs like hot dog, my way, boiler, my generation, and take a look around are awsome songs but rollin and its remix [...] plus the rap song with xzibit [...]. I feel like if the rap is out of the cd and more hardcore rock songs like hot dog, my way, boiler ect. this cd would get 5 stars.
B00004Z459|5.0|Im so amazed by the cd. This is the true rock and hip hop compolation cd ever created. The songs are powerful with the hardcore rock beats with the settle hip hop beats to bring a new generation of rock music. The songs have powerful messages and this cd is good for all ages. I cant wait for their follow up album. its worth every penny!!!
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I remember it well now... the spree every Xmas or so to maintain the Beatles' supremecy in the guinness book of world records, Yoko and Paul (or whoever's in charge now) throwing out yet another useless compilation of songs you should already own, just so that Garth Brooks doesn't overtake them in the 'platinum albums' section.<br />They did it with &quot;Live at the BBC&quot; (for completists only), then they overdid it (crass beyond belief) with the 'new' tracks and barrel scraping of the &quot;Anthology&quot; series (along with the massive coffee-table book), and now they're doing it with a requisite 'number 1 hits' album.<br />Realistically, all you need to own are the red (1962-66) and blue (1966-1970) albums, which are perfect bookends that any self-respecting pop music fan should own.  This is a collection of gems, true, and essential for the uninitiated, but the Beatles' catalogue doesn't need any self-aggrandizement; it sells itself without any help.<br />That all being said, there's lots of value for your money--but as classic as they are, these songs are not the cream of the Beatles' collection, merely the most populist tunes on the market, and have been overplayed to death.  If you're missing &quot;Strawberry Fields...&quot;, &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot;, &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;, etc, you're not getting the whole picture.<br />Get this for your blissfully unaware 12-year-old nephew or niece, then watch with delight as they root out the rest of the collection on their own.
B00004UQRF|5.0|As every DM fan knows, Black Celebration is a catharsis! Definetely one of the best DM Albums. This one contains bonus tracks, that can also be found on the BC single. Breathing in fumes is kind of  a &quot;Stripped&quot; remix, and Black Day is an extract from Black Celebration, it is also like a remix of the song, only slower and only with the lyrics: &quot;to celebrate the fact, that we've seen the back of another black day&quot;. If you don't have the single (or the original CD), this is definetely a way to have 2 on 1
B000005RY7|3.0|THE BAND: Paul Stanley (vocals, guitars), Gene Simmons (vocals, bass), Ace Frehley (guitars), Peter Criss (drums). And, Bob Kulick (guitars) and Eric Carr (drums) on the 4 unreleased tracks.<br /><br />THE DISC: (1982) 12 tracks clocking in at approximately 46 minutes. Included with the disc is a 6-page booklet containing song titles and lyrics only. Originally released in Europe/Australia/Asia only. Two other versions of \\"Killers\\" also available with 2-3 bonus tracks (featuring songs \\"Shandi\\", \\"Escape From The Island\\" and Frehley's \\"Talk To Me\\"). Label - Mercury / Polygram Records.<br /><br />ALBUM REPRESENTATION: Kiss (1 song), Alive! (1), Destroyer (3), Love Gun (1), Dynasty (2), Unreleased (4).<br /><br />COMMENTS: \\"Killers\\" is/was the band's 2nd compilation in the line of many to come (trailing only \\"Double Platinum\\" from 1978). I deem this album necessary just because it's an oddity. Cheesy cover - bad haircuts, and head bands... taken somewhere between their \\"Dynasty\\" and \\"Elder\\" tours; way too much pink; and the letter \\"S\\" in the word KISS is different (not the typical lightning bolts per say). The album is also odd in that the song selections are totally random. \\"Killers\\" was released after three albums that produced declining record sales - the disco era \\"Dynasty\\" (1978), the pop failure \\"Unmasked\\" (1980) and the concept album \\"Music From The Elder\\" (1981). Kiss clearly needed to go back to their rock and roll roots. To give the fans a taste of something in-between albums, the band released \\"Killers\\" - with some old classic material, as well as 4 new songs (all written or co-written, and sung by Paul Stanley). Is it worth it for the classic material... probably not (since fans probably own them all ready). Is \\"Killers\\" worth it for the 4 unreleased tracks... probably. Of the 4 new songs here - \\"I'm A Legend Tonight\\", \\"Down On Your Knees\\", Nowhere To Run\\", and \\"Partners In Crime\\" - none of them charted and no singles were released. Highlights are \\"I'm A Legend Tonight\\" and \\"Nowhere To Run\\" - both cool melodies sung with conviction. Lowlights - nothing from early studio albums \\"Hotter Than Hell\\", \\"Dressed To Kill\\" or \\"Rock And Roll Over. And, the album contains edited versions of \\"Detroit Rock City\\" and \\"Shout It Out Loud\\". *If you want to hear Kiss get back to their roots - you must check out \\"Creatures Of The Night\\" (released just after \\"Killers\\" in the same year) - despite mixed reviews, this is an incredibly heavy rock album. If you're a diehard Kiss fan, you probably own most of their releases... and you'll probably want this one as well for the 4 unreleased tracks. For the casual Kiss fan, this album is probably skippable (3 stars).e To Run\\" - both cool melodies sung with conviction. Lowlights - nothing from early studio albums \\"Hotter Than Hell\\", \\"Dressed To Kill\\" or \\"Rock And Roll Over. And, the album contains edited versions of \\"Detroit Rock City\\" and \\"Shout It Out Loud\\". *If you want to hear Kiss get back to their roots - you must check out \\"Creatures Of The Night\\" (released just after \\"Killers\\" in the same year) - despite mixed reviews, this is an incredibly heavy rock album. If you're a diehard Kiss fan, you probably own most of their releases... and you'll probably want this one as well for the 4 unreleased tracks. For the casual Kiss fan, this album is probably skippable (3 stars).
0060934719|5.0|This is simply a terrific tale. I've become a Gaiman fan in the last few years and this is my favorite so far.  Not quite so outrageous as Good Omens, not as deep as American Gods or dark as Neverwhere. But this is a perfect fanciful adult tale. #1 on my list of &quot;Things to read to your girlfriend while she's feeling under the weather&quot;. Gaiman has a wonderful talent for mixing light hearted mirth right in with macabre malice.  Not something you'd read to a child, this book is for the sadder but wiser kid in us.
B00003CX5P|2.0|I Have seen many reviews written for this movie, 43 to be exact. Some I agree with, some I don't. Everybody is entitled to their own opinion.     I know that expectations have been a little high and people have said that if you put the expectations aside it was a good movie. I have to disagree on that. Expectations aside, it was a computerized show! It confuses me that people say that only the true star wars fans appreciate episode 1. How can I appreciate a movie that HAS a story that's put in poorly? What I mean is that the story was there, but it was put in really bad in my opinion.     Jar Jar Binks is especially annoying. Having him make stupid jokes, having all these special effects run the movie, and having all these weird aliens, you would think that George Lucas was directing this film towards little kids to &quot;WOWWW&quot; or &quot;Ahhhh&quot; about the neat fly by ships, neat planets, and a billion aliens overrun the movie.                           Characters is a big complaint in the movie. The casting was awful in my opinion. Let's characterize some characters.  Queen Amidala- well dressed, looks like a goddess, no   personality, acting 3 out of 5 stars.  Princess Leia- great personality, has an interesting story esp. with her and han, acting 4 1/2 out of 5 stars (no one can beat Harrison Ford)  Jar Jar Binks- annoying, annoying, weird, obnoxious,looks completely animated, no importance to the movie, acting 1 out of 5 stars  C-3PO- (different version of jar jar) funny, annoying I will admit, though plays a much more interesting part in the trilogy, warm character, acting 5 out of 5 stars  Anakin in Episode 1- nothing interesting, all around not interesting, acting 2 out of 5 stars  Darth Vader VS. Darth Maul (hard to rate)<br /> Darth Maul- scary in a good way, very quiet (reserved), dark dark character, acting job 4 out of 5 stars, not of much importance though.   Darth Vader- scary, dark character. has the classic breathing sound, unlike Darth Maulwho just is remembered for the neat designs on his face. Huge importance to the story, neatest character out of all of star wars, acting 5 out of 5 stars!<br />Overall I wouldn't say episode 1 is a horrible movie or really bad. It is poorly done out. The things that need to happen is less aliens, more of a story,  a good sense of a relationship with the characters, and much less special effects. In polls that I have seen, The Empire Strikes Back is rated top. It has the best story, everything from romance, evil, drama, powerful parts. It also has the least amount of weird places and least amount of weird aliens. Episode 6 almost always followed in the polls. And Episode 1 and episode 4 kinda go back and forth, although I don't know why episode 4 is rated so low. Maybe since it was the oldest. Anyways, that's all I have to say!
B000006045|5.0|a perfect album blending subtle and dark hip-hop, jazz, gothic dub(they sampled The Cure in one song) and spooky ambience with a hint of industrial lethargia. this album will NEVER go out of style. it will never cease to have integrity. it is incorruptable.<br />&quot;Teardrop&quot; has got to be one of the most beautiful pieces of music ever composed in the 20th century...lyrically and musically. it feels so organic, yet has that stark eletronic sterility which adds to the darkness of it.<br />highly sensual...totally thug...GET IT NOW!
0793518326|4.0|This book is an extremely useful book (as i have stated in my title..).It can be use by both serious and not seious players.you can strum the chords stated on top while singing, or simply play the song on your radio and play a part(e.g guita..piano) along with it. Though the print is EXTREMELY small, you can of course still see it though a magnifying glass will be very useful. Flipping the pages while playing the songs is another big problem.i would reccomend this book to people who would like to sing to beatles songs while playing the song it self and to groups who would like to play beatles songs and be the second beatles.
B00003CXSP|4.0|There is a lot shadowing over Hannibal to stop audiences from enjoying it. The critics didnt think it was too flash, the censors gave it mighty high ratings and most sequels, according to some peoples philosophy, arent worth the time. I was really looking forward to seeing this movie and I wasnt distracted by any of the above. At the start I honestly found Hannibal a little boring, but when the cool detective story comes in it gives the film a little more life. We needed something else to keep the film going however, because it was missing the chemistry of the first. When Lecter finally enters the United States, things heat up. The gore splashes everywhere, the scenes are more exciting, the characters get meatier (in both senses of the word) and the audience will start to get more involved. The detective story in the first hour or so in the film is very well played and neat, the killings in the movie are creative, the cinematography is beautiful and the soundtrack is stunning. At times the film goes a bit off-course and is a wee bit laughable, but it remains enjoyable in the focused parts of the movie, which is a lot of the film, not much of it is really bad bad. Ridley Scott directs the movie fabulously and gives us stylish and memorable scenes. Some scenes in the movie are memorable in a bad way, though, Ill warn you now. The acting is brilliant, with Julianne Moore fabulous as a more determined but less interesting Clarice Starling, Anthony Hopkins as a scarier and less mature Hannibal and Gary Oldman who is great but completely unrecognisable as grotesque make-up covers his face. Hannibal is a gross, great and gory re-visit to the character we enjoy so much, I recommend it to people who either enjoyed the first film or enjoy very extreme deaths in movies.
B00005JCAA|5.0|There is practically nothing wasted in this movie... practically nothing out of place. Hopkins is fantastic, but Pitt is astonishing, with two performances (one that lasts but ten minutes probably) and he delivers big time! The plot: extraordinary. The music: Ah! the music... The characters: very realistic. The love: profound with no boundries. The dialogue: right on the spot. The edition: could not be better. ... I insist: every once in a while....
B000002UBU|4.0|The songs that weren't on the original album, that were included to fill up space just fill up space.  I'm glad to have the music from the old American Pie album, but you'd think they would have chosen something worthwhile to put on the CD with it.                                                   c.tunney
B00004T8RK|1.0|Why does everybody seem to treat this group with kid gloves and flowery 4-5 star ratings?<br />The Pearl Jam of Ten and Vs. is dead. Over. Done. The slippery slope began with Vitalogy, which still produced a few left-over gems. Why does Eddie and the guys think that growlingly untuned guitars and fast and hard rythms with little to no creativity or hook-less song structure is actually good music?<br />Binaural's first four tracks are total garbage. Too much of this album reminds me of Vitalogy's worst songs (which was nearly all of them). I'm tired of Eddie's quiet singing hidden in a swirl of jangling guitars, which, after awhile sounds identical to each other.<br />Sleight of Hand and a couple other tracks are decent, but nothing to suggest that the last album, Yield's top two songs &quot;In Hiding&quot; or &quot;Given To Fly&quot; weren't coming attractions of what this group was trying to recapture, but rather a look back. <br />If you really want a taste of a few of these songs without too much of a risk, pick up the excellent live albums. I'm not asking for another &quot;Alive&quot; -- hell, I'd settle for another &quot;Dissident or Rearview Mirror&quot; at this point. Instead we're left with &quot;Brain of J&quot; and &quot;Spin the Black Circle&quot; -type nonsense.<br />Do yourself a favor and buy some of the live albums instead, which at least for me, stands as an epitaph for how great this group used to (and still could) be.
0446677450|3.0|I found the author is a very good seller. He wrote the book with pretty interesting tone...(He also mentioned why he choose the title &quot;Rich Dad, Poor Dad...&quot;. He said it will get people's attention, which confirm that he's a good seller.). However, the content is quite far from realistic. Not many people can success like him. The story is too &quot;in dream&quot;. But if you're bored about life, it's ok to read this book. Overall, I rate this book 3 stars.
6301066642|5.0|I watched this movie when I had not yet seen all Marilyn Monroe movies, so I was disappointed that she was in it for such a short time. Yet in time, I quickly grew to love every scene of this movie. Yes, it looks great and the songs are great too, I have to say that Ethel Merman seems to steal every scene she's in, and I regret that she did such few movies. She has a great voice too. There are a lot of great one-liners, and one of my biggest ever dreams was to see this movie in Cinemascope. Now this dream seems to have come true. I am ordering the DVD set right now and can't wait to get it. I am even buying the DVD player only for this occasion.  Thinking about it, Marilyn has nothing to work on, and looks like an average actress to fill the movie. Her part isn't that big anyway. But it's still her. Her 'After You Get What You Want You Don't Want It' is fantastic, as she is. The title tune is fantastic, I love it! Especially when Ethel starts singing it at the final performance, and then she sees that her son has come back and she stops in the middle of the songs, tears come to my eyes every time, and then all the cast sings it and WOW. You have to see it.  I love this movie!
B000009QPE|5.0|I bought this cd a couple of weeks ago and haven't listened to much else.  This cd mixes tight guitar solos with brutal lyrics.     I take this cd with me to school and listen to is in class.  My teachers thought I was crazy and my parents thought I was insane.  Tom Araya doesn't really &quot;sing&quot; on this album...it's more like he screams.  <br />  The best songs on here are: Angel of Death, Raining blood, Criminally Insane, and Postmortem.  Don't get me wrong, the whole cd is bad.  These songs just stand out the most.
B00005M989|5.0|For starters, who only want to invest in a one-CD collection of the most original artist of the 80s, this is it. For hardcore fans, like myself, who already have each and every of his recordings in their collection, they don't need to bother, since there is nothing previously unreleased on this one. So it has some kind of a &quot;1&quot; feeling to it, although it includes only four of them. By the way, another &quot;1,&quot; &quot;Batdance,&quot; is not on this one since it would probably have sounded a bit outdated nowadays. But then again, this collection does not pretend to be a Greatest Hits, just a Very Best Of. That said, this compilation includes all of Prince's US top five hits, except for the aforementioned &quot;Batdance&quot; and &quot;The Most Beautiful Girl In The World,&quot; which was not released on Warner Bros. in the first place. The other nine of his top five hits are here, as are four more top ten hits, next to the classics &quot;I Wanna Be Your Lover,&quot; &quot;1999&quot; and &quot;Money Don't Matter 2 Night.&quot;
B00003CXV4|4.0|Keanu Reeves is an uptight, type-A, self-centered ad executive.  He meets a girl at traffic court who is spontaneous, happy-go-lucky and loving.  She offers to take him on for a month and teach him to relax and enjoy life.  He resists until his life becomes a shambles and he doesn't have any better offers.  Day, by day Reeves' character begins to thaw and inevitably falls in love with Theron.  He then discovers the reason for her reluctance to extend the relationship beyond a month and has to do some soul searching to decide what to do about it.  There are cliches and many predictable moments, but basically this is an enjoyable love story.
0684800713|5.0|This book truely defines the fine work of a fine author.  Not only is the novel written in perfect Hemingway style, excluding all the unwanted information that clutters the lines of many contemporary novels, but it delivers a story about life, mistakes, and consequences.  This is a must read.
B000002N3J|5.0|This is a fabulous album.  Only Madonna can pull off releasing nothing but ballads(Elton John take note).  The songs showcased here are perfectly mixed.  The hot steam of &quot;I Want You&quot;, (the song that should have been a single), is presented in two versions.  The orchestral mix(my favorite) serves up a huge plate of being dumped, and you know Madonna was channelling something vicious there.  &quot;One More Chance&quot; is also a single that never was(at least here in the US).  It is a simple love song about missed opportunities that come back to haunt you.  But...the real kicker is the ultra ballad &quot;You'll See&quot;.  Perfection.  &quot;You'll See&quot; is so empowering that you could cry real tears.  Her vocal are haunting-this is high drama!  I could listen to &quot;You'll See&quot; for years and not get sick of it.   The remaining tracks are comprised of Madonna's ballad back catalog.  Highlights...well first off the classic &quot;Live To Tell&quot; which still holds the emotional kick it did 15 years ago, &quot;Oh Father&quot; for anyone who has issue with theirs, and one of Madonna's most romantic songs &quot;Rain&quot;(which just happens to be one of my all time favorite Madonna songs!).  &quot;Something To Remember&quot; is a must have for anyone.  I don't care if you are black, white, girl or boy, or from Mars.  Madonna is this generation's icon and this is further proof of she who is.
B00003CXP1|4.0|This movie is a honest look at drug addiction; how it starts, what the people go through, and how it inevitably ends... Solid movie with good acting.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against the Machine is a bright spot in an otherwise bleak type of music. Metallica, for example, has sold out. The excellent vocals of Zach de la Rocha are not wasted on screaming non-sense as bands like Tool, Korn and other metal-flavor-of-the-month bands. Standing in stark juxtaposition, Rage fights for social justice through using their excellent music to raise both awareness and funds for (mostly) worthy causes, and combat the growing complacency and apathy in United States. <br />Tom Morello, is, simply put, the most talented modern guitarist I know of. <br />The best tracks (all of them are good) on this album are: Testify, Calm Like a Bomb, Mic Check, Sleep Now in the Fire, and New Millennium Homes. <br />This is a must have for the rock fan with a social conscience.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is without a doubt the best cd in the century, with the first 6 songs and 3 other songs all capable of being singles.  Anyone who likes any kind of music will like this cd.  You are insane if you don't (or deaf).
0425170349|3.0|This book was fairly good up until the ending. For about 600+ pages Clancy builds up a suspenseful plot about bioterrorism while keeping the reader entertained by including several anti-terrorist missions that the Rainbow team goes on. However, the ending is hugely dissapointing as it is a major anti-climax riddled with cop-out coincidences (which are becoming more common with Clancy) and shear stupidity. What could have been a great book was ruined by this.<br />The computer games based on this book are fun however.
0380973650|5.0|I've read comparisons of Neil Gaiman with Stephen King.  The comparison, I think, is unfair.  Both are good storytellers with a deft mastery of language and imagery.  However, unlike King, Gaiman does a much better job at taking us into that which lies beneath.  King only shows what is there (at least, what is there in his fantastic horrible world).  Gaiman takes us behind the scenes -- even, in this book, referring to it as Backstage.<br />That difference may seem trivial, but it is very important.  It makes Gaiman's work more readable, more interesting, more thought-provoking.<br />Gaiman loves looking at that which lies beneath, and &quot;American Gods&quot; is no exception.  This time around, he examines American belief in the form of the gods that were brought to this new land but, ultimately, were abandoned for the new gods of technology and pop culture.  We follow Shadow, an ex-con with a dead wife, through various American roadside attractions and through the living quarters of the old gods.  We watch as the final battle between the old and new builds up.<br />This is, so far, the best book that I've read this year.
B000002G7G|5.0|What a great find this was. I decided to buy this after hearing all the rave reviews here, but they didn't even prepare me for how wonderful this CD is. The only word to describe songs like \\"Candy Says\\", \\"Pale Blue Eyes\\", and \\"Jesus\\" is beautiful, plain and simple. They are so laid back and yet grip you with a sense of immediacy all the same. My favorite song on the Album is \\"Some Kind of Love\\" because it is silly and irreverant and has a certain forbidden charm to it. You can tell Lou Reed is having fun singing it. And the songs flow together wonderfully. The only song i have mixed feelings about is \\"Murder Mystery\\" - it is angst-ridden and kinda spooky, but it is interesting and you have to forgive them their one Avant-Garde creation. This Album does the same thing that so many Bob Marley albums do for me - it puts me in a peaceful, easy mindset. I wholeheartedly recommend it to any fan of chill rock music.
B00005B36H|5.0|I don't get where some of these reveiws are comin from. To me if you give this CD 2 or 3 stars your not a tool fan. That's all there is to it. I'll admit the first time I listened to this CD I was disapointed because it didn't seem like this CD had much to it. But the second time it was better and now I can't deside if I like Lateralus more than Aenima or not. To me you can like tool by understanding they're music, they're not a regular rock band. For example I hate the grateful dead but my cousin loves them. You wanna know why? I don't get them. It's the same way with tool. In my opinion if you're a real tool fan you will love this CD. But if you wanna buy your first tool CD don't buy this one buy Aenima because this one is more complex.
1559408855|4.0|'Salo', Pasolini's solemn tableau allegorising the last days of Italian fascism, is, on first viewing, a depressing, numbing experience, a film belonging to that small band of uncomfortable works - e.g. Swift's 'A Modest Proposal', Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket', Chris Morris' 'Brass eye' - that seek to replicate the mindset they attack, in this case fascism and its post-war legacy, without any critical distance.  In other words, Pasolini doesn't offer the viewer any position in the film with which to engage with it, to assert his or her own values.  this puts immense weight on the viewer's responses outside the film, which might explain why so many people dislike it (there are films far more violent and disturbing than the rather chastely shot 'Salo', but they have comforting get-out clauses).<br />'Salo' is actually a film that thrives on paradox - a relentlessly intellectual film about the debasement of bodies; a portrait of Western cultural decadence whose main reference points are Western cultural artefacts; a story about authority figures who outlaw religion that reworks the Gospel Passion and Dante's Inferno, and is structured around religious rites, liturgies, costumes etc.  'Salo' is also a much funnier film that its 'shocking' reputation suggests.
6305627347|5.0|Absolutely the most fun I have ever had in a movie theatre! But with all the indepth reviews, I just thought I would offer two bits of fun trivia.<br />First, the only thing offensive about the movie was that the MPAA Academy had the gall to nominate \\"Blame Canada\\" as Best Song, NOT because they thought it deserved it, but to make their own inside joke to their fellow fogeys the fact that, while management of the Big Studios love to produce films in Canada because of the low Canadian dollar, it was another sad sign that Hollywood executives care more about how much movies cost than what they are. It riled the film unions on both sides of the border.<br />Second, all I can say is \\"In your face Jack Valenti and all you old codgers at the MPAA\\" Board of review! The film was rated 14+ in Canada!One of my favourite movies of all time!!! Shweeeeeeeet!
B00004LN16|2.0|To say that all AC/DC albuns are the same is an offense, even if Angus himself may have said it sometime. Its an offense, because it would mean that mediocre albuns like this STIF, BALLBREAKER, FLY ON THE WALL, etc are in the same league as all Bon Scotts albuns and BACK in BLACK and FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK.
B00004TRD8|5.0|The T2 Ultimate Edition DVD is the best DVD I have seen yet.  Sound quality is superb, as is the video.  In fact, it is so good, I would say that it is better than life-like.  The extra scenes included are great, too.  Even though I had seen this movie numerous times before, I had never seen the deleted scenes until last week when I got the DVD.  Aside from the features and other good stuff on the DVD is the price.  Normally, a DVD with all of these extras runs around ... .  At just over ..., it is a must have!
B00005B36H|5.0|[....]yes, i'm angry. all the time. i'm angry at all the poor excuses for humanity out there who are naught but a collection of others opinions and views. i'm angry that they waste their lives seeing through others' eyes at the expense of their own sight. and yeah, i'm angry that anyone would trash the one person that teaches people to be individuals. i am a fan of TOOL's work, but i am more a fan of the inspiration towards individualism there works inspire. i treat every person i meet according to their own merits, and i am sad to say that not many are worth of being treating like real men. i will continue to be as angry as i wish until someone has the sack to call me down on it.
B000002HRE|4.0|'Reload' is one of my favorite Metallica albums though its nothing like old school Metallica. The reason is that I think it is okay for a band to mature, adapt their sound to the times and soften up just a little bit. With 'Load', the four horsemen decided to enter an alternative grungy territory. Most of the songs off this album and Load sound more like something from Alice In Chains or Stone Temple Pilots. Fuel is an awesome opener. The Memory Remains and Devil's Dance kinda remind me of Sad But True..a slow but raging beast. I love Unforgiven II even though its not as good as The Unforgiven cos its very tuneful. Slither and Carpe Diem Baby sound evil and cool. Where the Wild Things Are is probably one of my favorite songs off this album..has an epic/anthemic flavor. Dont care much for Bad Seed, Prince Charming or Attitude. Better Than You is okay. Low Man's Lyric though soft is awesome with Hetfield's bassey voice (can't believe how deep it gets!) and Fixxxer is a perfect sludgy end to an almost perfect album. If it werent for those three songs I mentioned earlier, I would give this 5 stars. Bottomline..very cool stuff by Metallica, go get it now!
B00003CXRM|4.0|Well I don't want Fop, godammit! I'm a Dapper Dan man!
B00005M989|3.0|Buy this if you LIKE Prince but if you love him get The Hits/B-sides.  But this compalation of his more radio friendly songs is also good.
B00004RYZT|5.0|This spectacular DVD is not available in the UK, but luckily Amazon sent the All-Region (thankfully!) DVD through in about 5 days. The DVD is in NTSC format, so anyone with old TV's in the UK may find problems, but the quality of the picture and Dolby Digital 5.1 sound is superb. The concert itself is an experience and is thoroughly recommended - especially if you have a home-cinema system. Thoroughly worthy, fantastic band, great music. An essential purchase for any fan of good music.
0385484518|5.0|Morrie was an old friend of Mitch's and they were reunited after Mitch saw a program on the telivition about a rare dieses morrie had. Mitch stated going to Morries house frequently, and after his first visit with him, morrie started to give somthing like a lesson every week, every tuesday. This is great if you have had a loved one pass away, or if you need uplift, an occational life lesson, or even if you just want a wonderful book to read, as you follow morrie through his wisdom, pain and desise, and mitch though reality and regret. An easy read, im only 13, an average student and i read it easly in a week. A real tear jerker.
0783228317|5.0|All I can say is see this movie.
6303965415|5.0|if you want a good romance, this is it. i love the way when he comes back, and tries to win her back. you can tell that he still cares, by the way he watching her every move. this a great movie,watch it you will love it to.
6305538018|2.0|This movie appeared to be very inventive, like it was going somewhere.  I kept hoping something would happen...but it never did.  I just...I don't know.  There was too much lakcing in this movie.  Jude Law was really good in this movie...or so I thought.  But Leigh wasn't all that great.  This movie just didn't do it for me.  I was unimpressed.  Especially with the end.
B00005LKHW|1.0|Okay, I watched this film and honestly, I tried to keep an open mind. I wanted to see for myself if the movie was really as bad as I'd expected. Well it was worse. This movie is offensive to the very same crowd that it targets. I mean come on what do you expect from a movie whose whole plot is centered around a scene where an adolescent jerks off in a pie? They could have spared us a lot of agony by just having people pay to come and see that scene and then leave, because the plot line was remanufactured, overused and only funny if you are one of those people who believes that Elvis is still alive. The difference between Porkys and this movie is that Porkys WAS original and WAS funny. This is just another 90's flick whose plot was cut and pasted from many previously successful films and then promoted as being unique and made &quot;original&quot; by pushing the envelope of baseness and depravity. Bottom line - really bad movie.
6304259093|2.0|The only good thing about this movie: Iggy Pop.  Stick with the Kitchen Sink and Caliber Press comics and the original Brandon Lee movie.  They're actually really good.  This new stuff that's coming out...ugh.  IT'S DISGUSTING!
6305252521|1.0|But it deserves ZERO. This is the all time worst movie I have ever seen. It takes the place of such previous Stnkers as &quot;Accidental Tourist&quot;, and &quot;Light of Day&quot;. I was mad after seeing this movie it was so bad. I have never been a fan of Carey as a comedian. I went to this movie thinking that maybe he could redeem himself. Not the case. If anything I now have a worse opinion of him than ever. Its like they are trying to cast Carey in a serious role but hinting at humor, although never delivering it. I'm sorry but this movie was not entertaining in the least. I go to the movies to be entertained, not to sit and watch a movie that was intended to be a jerk off exercise for literature grad students.  WORST WORST WORST WORST movie I've ever seen. If I could buy the rights to it I would so I could burn it. Terrible.
6304308388|5.0|Billy Wilder, one of the most talented and versatile writer/directors to ever work in the Hollywood studio system, was in top form with this film.  Perfectedly structured, the films interweaves several subplots very effectively.<br />The characters are well-crafted and well cast, from Jack Lemmon's C.C. Baxter all the way down to the scene stealing Santa Claus, who orders a drink and says, &quot;My sleigh is double parked.&quot;  In lesser hands, Santa Claus would have been given a perfunctory line, but in the able hands of Wilder (and co-writer I.A.L. Diamond), his character has a brief moment of life. Perhaps the biggest surprise in casting is Fred MacMurray (&quot;My Three Sons&quot;) as J.D. Sheldrake, C.C. Baxter's adulterous boss. Even his rare shifty role as Neff in Wilder's Double Indemnity, doesn't fully prepare us for the nastiness of Sheldrake.  This guy is coldblooded!<br />Jack Lemmon and Shirley Maclaine (who played &quot;Fran&quot;) are great together.  It's one of the great pairings in motion picture history.  You feel for both of these characters, as they stumble through their lives.  This is a testament to not only the brillant script (and Wilder's direction), but to the enormous talent of these actors.<br />The Apartment is one of those films that you are compelled to watch over and over again.  Whether it's the first time or the tenth time viewing, if you start watching the film, you've got to watch it all the way through. A true classic.
078322687X|5.0|This movie is not real. I don't think that it was ever intended to be that. What you get is actors playing students who are forced to address issues relevent to youth of any generation while confined for a day. No this would probably not happen in real life but as I said before, I dont think that is really an issue. I think that &quot;brilliant&quot; is a far overused term nowadays but I will label this film as such. There is a little bit of everything in this movie drama, humor, suspense, and even terror albeit minute. Each of the characters represents someone of some class that you can find in any secondary school setting so no one is felt left out. I really believe this was a powerful film and represents what filmakers in the 80's were really capable of when they put their minds to it. The message, however probably would go right over the heads of children nowadays who have been brainwashed to believe that if it came from the 80's it sucked.
0553573403|5.0|A fantasy writer must balance between giving his readers enjoyment to escape the mundanities of daily life and giving them realism.  If he errs too far in one direction, you have stories where smart, strong, resourceful heroes easily crush dull-witted, weak, unimaginative villians.  If he goes too far into the other direction the heroes may lose.  George Martin mixes the two sides beautifully, but he undeniably leans in the latter direction.  Although one of the main families is named &quot;Stark,&quot; the line between good and evil is anything but clear.  The reader becomes immersed in the vivid experiences of people so real you think you could touch them.  You want to cry as you watch them get hurt and you hate their enemies almost as passionately as they do.<br />The people who have written negative reviews dislike the book (the series) for that very reason.  You will not find light-hearted adventure and chivalry here.  If that kind of harsh setting is not to your liking, seek entertainment elsewhere.<br />But for the rest of us, the grim reality portrayed only strengthens the amazing catharsis we receive on those rare moments when justice is served.  For many fantasy writers, the defeat of foes leaves the reader dissatisfied because of the heroes' tremendous advantage.  With Martin, each minor obstacle overcome by one of the overmatched protagonists makes you want to dance.  I rank him the best fantasy writer alive today.  I recommend you read his works and make your own decision.<br />Lastly, I am sick of the comparisons between these works and the much venerated Lord of the Rings. This is not Tolkien. The writing styles are completely different.  Don't waste time comparing them.
B00003CXRP|2.0|I really am getting sick of hollywood ruining movies that otherwise would be better than average by hyping them up and building up false expectations in the audience. Really I would encourage you to rent and or buy this DVD/video. But I gave this movie only two stars based on hype vs. delivery. I read Robinson Crusoe in elementary and again in middle school. Rather than giving the feeling of being on the island with Tom Hanks and suffering through his trails as was the case with the book of similar plot, I felt like I was just watching Hanks go through the motions. Too much symbolism which never reveals itself to the viewing audience. Another thing that annoyed my was how Hanks, after being on that Island for 4 years, just immediately assumes his place in modern society chatting with his friends as if nothing had happened. In real life hanks would be a completely different person who could not relate to any0one for some time as has been the case with real life similar situations. The ending ...because it doesnt give you any clear indication of what might happen next. I felt like the whole viewing audience was left hanging.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I will begin by saying if you think you could do better then knock yourself out!  The first Star Wars was written as a stand alone movie with expectations of earning only about $35 million.  Instead, and to everyone's surprise, Star Wars has grossed nearly One Billion Dollars world wide.  The Phantom Menace also grossed close to one billion world wide...(Gee! It appears someone liked this film!)  The Phantom Menace is written as 1/3 of a complete story arc and Star Wars was made to stand alone in case it bombed.  Personall I am amazed at how many fans out there are quick to judge this film.  I proves that Americans are fickled and just plain spoiled when it comes to entertainment.  Many fans fail to realize that all of the movies cronicle the rise, fall, and REDEMPTION of not only Darth Vader but humanity in general.  We see the apathy of people and the corruption of goverment and how both are blinded to the cunning and ravenous forces of darkess eager to consume them both.  The Star Wars Saga has Biblical similarities with regards to the rise and fall of an anti-christ like figure ( Palpatine ) and the tyranical, Beast like, govenment (the Empire) he imposes using anger, fear, and agression. ( sound familiar? Look at recent headlines ... Global Union anyone?!)     At any rate no movie is perfect yet this film has something good for everyone, including the younger members of a family.   It is clean, devoid of profanity, gratuitous sex, and graphic violence.  A true rarity for Hollywood ( perhaps that is why most critics didn't like it?! not enough raunch for them)<br />Of those I know, who said they hated this film none could give me a tangible reason why!  Nor could they tell me what they would have done differently!  We all had such high expectations!  Addionally, everyone I know who was disappointed with the film as both the wide and standard version on video tape and can't seem to wait for it to be released on DVD!(?) My Mother, who is not a big sci fi fan, loved the movie and cant wait until 19 May 2002!  <br />Warning!!!!! Possible Spoiler ahead !!!!!!<br />The mystery of the Force has not been diminished by the inclusion of the Midiclorients explained by Qui Gon in SWTPM.  It is the guess of this fan that Lucas mentioned this issue and its connection to the Force force since the next movie deals with clones.  It is a logical deduction that if you clone a Jedi or Sith you will have a Jedi or Sith clone complete and with powers intact.  I forsee in the third installment, after Anakin turns to the Dark Side and becomes a Sith, that the now self proclaimed Emporer (Palpatine) will have Vader Cloned... Hence the true problem in the clone wars! ...In episode 2 you find out that there are numerous Jedi...too numerous for one person to eliminate.  So the cloned Vaders scour the galaxy for Jedi and eliminate them thus confirming Obi-Wans statement &quot; Vader hunted down and killed the Jedi&quot; from a certain point of view of course.<br />I said all of that to say this.  It is not over! Most of the ill perceptions an reviews of this movie are premature since it is less than half complete.  I would wager against my new racing pod that everyone who said they hated this movie more than likely has it in there library and are equally or more likely, chomping at the Bit for episode two's release in less than a year!<br />Thank you<br />BKB
B00001XT76|1.0|Okay, now you know my alltime unfavorite 80's movie. Sure its set in the early 60's - then tell me why the hell are they dancing to 80's songs? I almost shelved Patrick Swayze after this one but he was redeemed by Roadhouse. This movie could only be enjoyed by a pack of prepublescent girls at a slumber party who are wondering what its like to lose their virginity. And am I the only one who thinks that Jennifer Gray is a total dog? Sure she's got a hot body but that face! UGGG! That is the one thing that kept this movie from scorring with the guys in my opinion. Skip it, rent roadhouse instead. Better plot, better chicks!
B00003CXRP|2.0|I will begin by saying I am a Tom Hanks fan and he does a marvelous job in this film as far as acting is concerned and I like Helen Hunt dispite her, nothing more than, cameo appearance.  I thought the film had a great deal of unexplored potential.  It is more than obvious this movie was greenlit on the coat-tail success of the Survivor series and with Hanks in the lead was guaranteed a wide audience.  Hanks is popular with all age groups from teens to those over 50 years of age.  I went to see this film in the Tampa area and at least half of the patrons at my particular, late night showing, were at least 50 years young or more.  Ironically, durning the showing I attended, at least half of the patrons in the theater packed their stuff and walked out of this film a little more than halfway through. Most of my friends were disappointed inthe film.  Numerous members of my family around the stated walked out of it or simply shut the movie off after renting it.  Demographics aside the film goes sour about 20 minutes into it and for about an hour and fifteen minutes throught the middle and from there it doesn't sweeten.  I did not appreciate the ending because true love will endure no matter what! End of story.  I do agree with some of the other reviews you have posted in that this film has no gratuitous sex, graphic violence or bowl churning humor.  This is rare in deed for todays Hollywood!  Unfortuneately this film in my opinion turned out to be nothing more than a boring advertisment for Federal Express and soccor equipment...WILLLLSONNNN!!!
0790734850|1.0|I didn't like this one at all. I finally got up and ordered a pizza and returned later to see if it had gotten any better. It didn't. Kim bassinger is lifeless. She has been and always will be a lady totally bereft of any acting talent whose put on stage because she's ... and looks good in an evening gown. The whole story is really flat.
B000031XCR|5.0|I have always enjoyed Celine's songs but have never gotten the chance to purchase her numerous cd's due to lack of money.  This cd is really the best because it contains all of her best songs ever.  When i saw the cd in a store, i jumped because it had all the songs that i loved hearing on the radio.  Her voice is truly amazing, and the songs will inspire all.  This is not heavy rock for any of those people out there, but rather softer rock that may very well add a nice variation once in a while.  This cd is cheap enough for anyone to buy-- and it really is a good deal.  Just buy one copy and maybe one day you will find use for it.  As for me, it is in my cd player running every moment of the waking hours.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|This movie STINKS! I guess there is a lesson for Will, and all the others who took part in this production. That lesson? Don't mess with an established genre. And yes I'm well aware that this was the 90's and that movie producers had so run out of ideas that they felt they had to try and redo every movie that was ever made prior. I mean nothing racist about this when I say that it was a mistake to sign a Black actor to play this part. The traditional character of James west was played by Robert Conrad - a white actor. When they signed Will Smith they inadvertently made it a &quot;Black&quot; film and by doing so thus alienated a large part of their viewing audience. Its not that the fans were racist(although I'm sure some of them were) but you see when you remake a classic of any sort, you not only have to sell your product to the ever consuming adolescent masses, but also to at least some of the old fans to make it work. When they changed the color of the starring actor, they basically departed from the original so much that they were in effect making a movie that had nothing to do with &quot;The Wild Wild West&quot;. And before you violently condemn me for my review, just think about say remaking the movie &quot;Shaft&quot; again and getting Ben Affleck to star in it. What do you think would happen? I think that this movie is a good thing in that it has shown Hollywood moguls that there are some parameters that you must maintain to make a film successful. And I'm sure there will be other cases in the future.
B00003003S|5.0|&quot;The Live Era 1987-93&quot; is exactly what it says, in this time period bands sounded better live, then they did on there albums. This concept today is unheard of, in my opinion. With all the mixing equiptment used it is a very rare thing to listen to a live band and be impressed. As I crusied down the streets of downtown Ottawa along with 7 of my close hockey buddies in our limo, Guns N' F_@#'n Roses Pounding, screaming along to the song  &quot;Nightrain&quot;. I couldn'd help but be amazed with this album,&quot;Axel Slash,Steve, Izzy, (Dizzy)&quot; sound amazing, if not better then they do on there albums. It is like your teleported back in time and become one of the screaming fans at the best GNR concert ever preformed. If you appericate  rock'n tunes mixed with some of the most talented musicians of that decade , you will fall in love with this album at first listen.
0800177975|1.0|I honestly thought that Arnold was making fun of his own career in this movie it was that bad. ... Totally boring, unbelivable and wooden.
6304466498|5.0|Ok, one major flaw made by the MPAA.  They rated this movie PG when Sh** was said 10 times and F**k was said once. Common references to the groin area was made ( I see your shwartz is as big as mine).  Now to the movie.  The jokes were right, the acting was right, and it was just right.  Any fan of star wars would love this movie and any fan of spoofs too.  Another great comedy of the 80's.  Recommended to teenagers and adults.
B000006TIY|5.0|...anyone who loves music will be inspired by this wonderful cd. I was introduced to it in 1997 in Rome by a good friend who played this while I made her dinner.....wow, what a great dinner that turned out to be! :-)<br />If I were to select only one cd of Vangelis, it would be this one! <br />p.s if you like atypical beautiful music try \\"Rondo Veneziano\\" -(group name). They have many cd's and could be described as modern classical with a beat.  Try \\"Zodiaco\\"
6300214354|5.0|This first film of Val Kilmer is definitely his funniest.  He did a great acting job and kept the movie going.  This is a movie that I had to watch more then once to get all the jokes. I reccomend this to anyone who likes spoofs or just plain comedies.
630463949X|5.0|Even if you don't exactly worship Fleetwood Mac, your respect for and enjoyment of this group will grow by seeing this DVD. As someone who was hardly a groupie of FM, I was thoroughly delighted with this purchase. This album is like a drug-free flashback (for Boomers and Gen-X-ers). It is full of great songs and performances (Lindsey Buckingham is fantastic), and will have you singing along much of the time: it's like a James Taylor concert, only about heartbreak and lost love. And, for those passages where the words have always eluded you, the DVD includes subtitles for the lyrics. You will get your money's worth with this purchase!
B000001TVD|5.0|I once read a review that stated that the early Funkadelic albums were really hard rock songs with a dance beat.  So perhaps the criticisms that this album is not &quot;funk&quot; may be justified.  This album does feature songs that qualify as pure funk -- &quot;Hit It and Quit It&quot; quickly comes to mind.  But, let's face it, George Clinton really is the Godfather of Funk -- so he defines Funk with whatever he releases.  I do not recall seeing anyone really define funk music in a dictionary and,therefore, can not (should not) be pidgeonholed as a specific &quot;style&quot;.  It has and always be a freeform soul/rock/jazz fusion.  So, in my opinion, this is hard edge(real)funk and the aforementioned criticisms of this being non-funk are unjustified.<br />This album covers several &quot;funk styles&quot; from the Jimi Hendrix-like guitar funk on the title track, to the Temptations-like funk of &quot;Can You Get to That&quot;, to the hard thumpin' rock (funk) track &quot;Super Stupid&quot;.<br />If you are more interested in the lighter dance songs that Parliament/Funkadelic released in the late '70s, then this album may not be for you.  The later releases in '70s were fine, as well, but did not come nearly as close to this gritty funk masterpiece. -- Highly recommended!
B00003CWNR|5.0|One of my favorite books has been made into a movie that magically captures the heartfelt tone that makes the novel a wonderful read. Admittedly, I never imagined Homer's love as a beauty like Charlize Theron, but Caine and Maguire might as well have had their pictures on the cover of the first edition. The film has made me look forward to rereading the novel, yet another time.<br />One caveat: if you lack empathy for folks who make mistakes in life or who are the victims of those mistakes; if you believe the First Amendment guarantees the freedom to choose YOUR religion or none at all; and, if you imagine that ignorance is a defensible point-of-view (and therefore that movie previews should spell out the details of the film, to protect the sensibilities of those who couldn't be bothered to read the book), then I suggest strongly that you skip this purchase.
0783225881|5.0|. . .baseball movie of all time.<br />I saw this movie in the theatres back when it was first released (and nominated for the Academy Award).  I now own it (and have for years) and re-watch it periodically.<br />The movie succeeds on a number of levels.  <br />First, it shows great love and respect for the game of baseball -- the National Pastime.  (Yes, I enjoy other sports as well -- but there is something very nearly religious about baseball -- and this shines through in the movie).  <br />Second, the cast is wonderful.  This is possibly Costner's best role -- certainly his best baseball role.  Amy Madigan was perfect in this picture as well, as was James Earl Jones (always a treat) and Burt Lancaster.  Even Timothy Busfield (whom many of us loved to hate in &quot;Thirtysomething&quot;)is wonderfully despicible.  And Shoeless Joe could not have been depicted better.<br />Third, the movie demonstrates what many of us truly believe in our hearts:  Fairy tales are real, and dreams do, indeed, sometimes come true.<br />Can a true lover of baseball get through this movie without emotion?  Doubtful.
6304331851|5.0|If I'd reviewed this a few years ago, I would have given it a 3 instead of 5, but over time, it's grown on me, and is now one of my favorite cinematic tellings of the story.
0790736039|3.0|Me an my buddy were havin a movie shindig and he rented this because nohing else was in. i spent about 5 minutes yellin at him because i thought it would suck. but then we watched it and wow was it funny. The whole clown thing was hilarious. And how it always made fun of everyone, that was kewl too. But by far the funniest thing was the 3 scenes where the clown is messin with that scrawny mommas boy kid and he says \\"You cant run, GIRLIE BOY!\\" it was so incredibly funny we had to rewind it about 12 times to watch it again. Then 2nd scene is when the clown is posessing that old guy whos talkin to the scrawny mommas boy and says \\"Run while you still ca, GIRLIE-BOY!!\\" it rules. We rewinded that about 20 times. The 3rd and final kewl scene is where the clown is the spider (I have no idea why spider would be a clown) and the scrawny mommas boy tries to kill the spider with his \\"Placibo\\" (or whatever it is) and the spider picks him up and kills him, that was great. To the actors who played that scrawny mommas boy thanx for the laughs. It did have some trippy hallucigenic scenes, but everything other than that was pretty bad.... [changed from sucked] [irrelevent]
B00003CXE7|2.0|I'm sorry, but I need to take this movie down a peg or two.  I liked it well enough when I saw it in the theater, but I immediately began to grow a distaste for this movie when I came to school on Monday and suddenly everyone is messing themselves over what a great film _Gladiator_ was.<br />&quot;It was, like, better than Braveheart!&quot; &quot;Dude, that was the best movie I've seen in years!&quot; &quot;Russel Crowe's gonna win Best Actor!  And that Commodus guy was great!&quot;<br />These were a few of the many comments that triggered a boiling resentment deep within the bowels of my intestines for this film which I still carry with me today.  It will now be like that permanently, thanks to the Academy's ridiculous presumption that this was the best film of the year.  First of all, the winner of the Oscar should have been either _Traffic_(which, thankfully, Steven Soderberg got Best Director for) or _Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon_(which, thankfully, won for Best Foreign Film).  Both of these films were twice as well-acted, twice as well-written, and ten times more satisfying to look at.  Gladiator, all gore aside, is one of the most grainy and ugly films I've seen in years.  The actors seem to be walking through an endless haze, which is easy to ignore during the battles, but annoying when a conversation is happening.<br />As for Joaquin Phoenix, his character of Commudus is cartoonishly and inexplicably evil.  Ebert &amp; Roeper used a word I particularly agree with: &quot;transparent&quot;.  He is transparently evil and insane and not enjoyable to watch.  And Crowe does an acting job that Schwartzenegger could have pulled off, but for some reason won an Oscar for it.  It could have gone more deservedly so to more eccentricly difficult roles such as Ed Harris in _Pollack_ or even Tom Hanks' half-silent yet emotionally accurate part in _CastAway_.<br />Was it a BAD movie?  Not really.  Was it the BEST movie of the year?  Definitely not.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This DVD has so many truly fascinating extras that my husband and I still haven't even watched the movie! Navigation is a little tricky, but there are hours and hours of &quot;goodies&quot; on this wonderful DVD. Well, and then there's the movie! Obviously, it's one of the best films ever made, so there's no need to go on and on about that. 8-) Enjoy!
6302969352|5.0|It could be considered ironic that this offering of celluloid brilliance by Mifune was something of a template for American masterpieces as the dirty dozen and the magnificent seven, and thereafter the entire Western tradition. Could the great American Western have had its origin in the East? <br />Without doubt the influence of Seven Samuari extends through many strands of popular culture even today. With traces evidently manifesting in Jackie Chan's  The Drunken Master, Manga's Ninja Scroll and countless digital fight characters.    An enduring and well played cast of characters includes Kurosawa's lovable slapstick fool, who hides an accidental genius and though unconventional a samurai bravery equalling that of the well trained master. Mifune's clever cinematography captures angles and elements that todays action packed effect embellished flicks fail to match. Believable characters build an unparalleled natural tension enducing a strong empathic tendency among the audience, as well as a deep understanding of the Bushido code. Brilliant.
B000005HNQ|5.0|I think every fan of the Gathering has the album. Excellent female singing, I think the best in the whole rock scene now. Music is rather heavy with lots of melody and sad, emotional, atmospheric sometimes. A Must have thing! Buy it!
1577311523|5.0|I highly recommend this book to anyone on the path of enlightenment and self-discovery.  Actually, I would recommend this book to almost anyone.  After the first reading, I have gone back to it again and again, just picking it up and reading a bit here or there.  It helps me to remember my true priorities and what's really going on with my life.  To me, it is a huge &quot;reality check&quot;.  Eckhart Tolle explains things in a very simple way that helps me see them in a totally new light.  Yet, at the same time, I feel that this book is in total agreement with some of the best spiritual writings that I have been exposed to.<br />Again, highly recommended.  However, a caution is needed: reading this book has the potential to radically change your beliefs and possibly your life.
B00005JGAB|5.0|The importance of this album in the history of Rock music and American popular culture can not be overstated.  Released during the disco diaspora in 1976, this aural assault went largely unnoticed at the time, but its influence has grown in the quarter century (!) since then.  Much like the equally-important, underrated, and influential Chuck Berry, the Ramones are often derided for their deceptively simple 3-chord song structure and seemingly dumb lyrics.  The smart listener will realize Joey's phrasing as intentionally tongue-in-cheek; Tommy and Dee Dee's efficient (and danceable) pulse, and; Johnny's life-affirming power chords.  Yes, the Stooges, MC5, Velvet Underground set the backdrop in terms of the style and attitude, but the Ramones are the ones who defined punk rock and therefore saved American popular music from itself. The Sex Pistols may have had a lot to say, but the Ramones were and are the embodiment of everything that Rock music ever was and may still be again.  This remastered version is light years ahead sonically than the standard CD, and the fat booklet in each of the first 4 remastered Ramones albums is a treat for fans.  The next logical step is a box set.
B00003CXAA|2.0|first two are flawless and should be available without the atrocious monstrocity that is the third. coppola has admitted he made it just for the money and it shows. it seems his decision to release all three films only in a box set is also for the money - otherwise people would just buy the first two and not the third.
0385491026|4.0|I enjoyed this book a lot. Although parts of it were quite disturbing, Atwood refrained from going too far.  This book paints a chilling picture of how mean kids can be to each other -- and how childhood hurts can haunt adults -- all against an intricately woven tapestry of yesteryear Toronto.  This was the 1st time I'd read Atwood -- but it won't be the last.
630587493X|5.0|I will sum up my feelings about this movie quickly - I have never been so moved by a movie in all my life; I never cry, I did here, many times. One of the best I've seen in my 50 years on the planet. Thank you Robin Williams!
0782008119|5.0|Everything you need to know about the grunge scene : when it started, first bands to break out of seattle etc.  Hype! did a really good job in more than one way, it gave us the facts about the North West, how these facts played a major role in what happened with the music(all told by people who actually live in Seatlle).  The interviews are great especially the one with the two colorful Sub pop founders : Jonthan Poneman and Bruce Pavitt, and the ones with the bands are especially funny, except for the interview with Eddie Veder(he's from San Diego: no sense of humour!).  This tape doesn't limit itself to explaining the grunge scene and sound, it talks about the tragedies of sucess, and the media's negative impact on the scene by mass marketing it.  You'll watch this one over and over again, see some great concert footage, hear about the tragedy surrounding Kurt Cobain and deceased Mother Love Bone singer Andy Wood.  It's comforting, being a musician myself, knowing that the bands responsible for the great music scene did it because the enjoyed it and that's should be the only motivation for beeing in a band and playing music.
1558803602|5.0|This remake of A Guy Named Joe is far superior. Guys would call this a chick movie but it's a story about friendship, love, and rebirth. Richard Dreyfuss and John Goodman are a riot.
B000002B82|4.0|Ha! Ozzy was what, around 50 when he recorded this one?  It sure don't sound like it, he's got more energy than most of the bands that are out there nowadays!!  This was my first Ozzy record and it easily became my favorite.  Mr. Tinkertrain is a great album opener, basically all the songs on  this one are outstanding notably: Hellraiser, No More Tears, Desire, Mama, I'm coming home(great accoustic guitars!).  Zack Wylde showed us even more of his talent on this one, and wowed us all with those great squeals and solos.  Basically this is just feel good metal, tunes to rock out to, and that's exaclty what they do and you can tell Ozzy is having alot of fun and enjoyed making the album.  Some people complain about the sound being too polished on this one, but what's wrong with that?!  Well this was my introduction to Ozzy, and I was hooked from then on.
B00003CXB6|1.0|OK, everyone's mentioned how wonderful and truly groundbreaking Jurassic Park is and I agree. But this movie was horrible. Julianne Moore needs to stop taking roles in sequels (hannibal) Anyway, I would have given this movie 3 stars but it lost one star because scenes were ridiculously long and the scene where the Malcolm's daughter does her olympic bar routine to fight the dinosaur--talk about corny.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Simply put, this album was a cut above all others when it came out,and it only improves as time passes.  In 20 years from now, people will treat this album the same kind of reverence that is now only dished out to such rock landmarks as &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hears Club Band&quot; and the Rolling Stones' &quot;Exile on Main Street.&quot;<br />If you haven't yet heard this masterpiece, then let me be the first to welcome you to the planet Earth.  Since Radiohead has taken a stylistic departure with the recently released &quot;Kid A&quot; and &quot;Amnesiac,&quot; &quot;OK Computer&quot; becomes that much rarer of a gem.  My personal favorite tracks include &quot;No Surprises&quot; and, of course, &quot;Paranoid Android.&quot;  This, however, is one of those few disc that you can put in the player, press play, and listen to it from start to finish without ever feeling the desire to skip a few tracks.
B000002HH2|2.0|I bought this CD on the basis of the rave reviews here.  After the first listening, I was bored and couldn't see what the fuss was about.  After listening another 3 times, I found the album even less interesting.  What I was expecting was the excitement and artistry of, say, the early Streissand albums.  Bjork turned out to be a disappointment.  Her vocal technique is so-so, and her lyrics are largely insipid.  Obviously, many people like her work, but for me(a member of the minority) her music just doesn't do very much.  Maybe after listening a few more times, I will finally see the light.  But then again, there seem to be a lot of used copies of this album for sale, so maybe listeners are giving up and trying to recoup their lost money.
0553579908|4.0|This is undoubtedly the best fantasy series to emerge in many years.  The depth of characterisation, the scope of the tale, the range of peoples, houses and alliances all make for a complex and thrilling read.<br />This book develops more in the region of sorcery than the original.  Old magics are awakening, and I just hope that they don't grow to dominate the series.  I prefer the Sword to the Sorcery in these stories.<br />If there was any other disappointment for me it was in the failure of grand battles to materialise.  I don't think Martin has the knack of being able to describe the grand movements of military hosts.  His largest canvas was a huge naval battle, and it quickly became a confusing parade of ships names and uncertain outcomes.<br />Disappointments aside, the plot continues to thicken nicely and I will buy the third installment.  However, I do not want to see another Robert Jordan series (wheel of time is into book what?....9 or 10?).  I do not intend to pay for Mr Martins retirement, so if conclusions are not being alluded to by book three I may take my custom elsewhere.
B000002MFN|5.0|This by far the best album in Madonna's history.  I remember that this album came out when I was a Senior in High School and I loved every minute of the CD.  The title track of this album is very interesting to listen to, and the background music is amazing.  My personal favorites are Bad Girl, Words, Theif of Hearts, Rain...hey wait a sec.... I love all of the songs!!!!  This is a must have CD!!!  I strongly recomend you to buy it!
0345440757|1.0|This book is a danger to your baby's health and well being. I read the book because the title caught my eye. I have read reports that this book and Ezzo's Babywise have been directly linked to failure to thrive infants. With books like this out on the market, I am going to encourage my kids to be pyschotherapists so they can take care of all the unfortunate adults who were raised on this style of irreverent parenting.
6305922756|5.0|Ok here are some albums by Spinal Tap: Intravenus De Milo, Shark Sandwich,the Gospel according to Spinal Tap, Smell the Glove. Did you laugh? Are you interested? Buy this movie, you won't be dissapointed. It's too good.
B000002U82|5.0|yadda yadda yadda, we all know its great.... :)
B00003003R|4.0|Thus begins a great live disc, which really could be considered a greatest hits package, since all the classics are there.  Whether or not you like live recordings might influence your opinion on the album, but Axl Rose's yellings to the crowd make this CD worth owning.  Let's start to recognize GNR for what they were, the best damn Rock and Roll band from 1987-1993.
B000051XX6|5.0|Sade is amazing. She is the best in my book. Even after an 8-year absence she comes back strong and powerful. She's a true legend.  There will never be another Sade.
B00004XQ83|4.0|After enjoying the movie and having the tunes of the Soggy Bottom Boys stuck in my head, I was bound to get the CD within a week.  A great collection of folk music from the era, this CD remains at the top of my rotation after several months of listening.<br />--isnoop
B00000INEX|5.0|At first I was a bit skeptical about a video for my infant.  I am a mother of 4 (ages 6, twins 3 &amp; 7 months) and have never even looked at the Baby Einstein library of videos, believing they were too &quot;yuppie&quot; for my kids; however, with my 4th, I bought this one and not only did my infant's eyes light up with the music, sounds and wonderful video, but so did my twin 3 year olds.  In addition, I never hear my 6 year old complain about viewing it.  I am considering purchasing Baby Mozart at this time.
B000002UAX|5.0|The white album.  Possibly the best album ever recorded by The Beatles.  It gives us classics such as Back In The USSR, While My Guitar Gently Weeps, Cry Baby Cry, Helter Skelter, Birthday, Savoy Truffle and many more.  Sure the recording might not be the best, but that's not what matters.  Of course there are completely stupid songs.  Like Happiness Is A Warm Gun, Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da, Me And My Monkey (It's got a beat to it, but...) and prractilly all of Disc 1.  Piggies, pathetic.  Sad in a way, but it has its purks. Sexy Sadie has a good beat, but, if u listen closely in the background you hear waves that are out of tune every now and then.  Not the best rock'n'roll album of all time but it's definetly worth buying.
B000002G26|5.0|I tend to be hard on greatest hits albums.  While they are very enjoyable to listen to for favorite artists, I usually have some complaint about something that should have been included or excluded.  Off the top of my head, I can say on this effort that this collection could include such songs as &quot;One Night Love Affair&quot; (from the most popular and best Adams effort &quot;Reckless&quot;), &quot;Thought I'd Died and Gone To Heaven&quot; (in place of the sappy &quot;Do I Have to Say The Words&quot; from the &quot;Waking up the Neighbors&quot; album), or a track or two more from the very underrated &quot;Into the Fire&quot; album.  However, all in all this collection couldn't be much better.  All the big rockers and great ballads are here--in a near-perfect mixture.  I like the new track--the somewhat sappy but very enjoyable &quot;Please Forgive Me&quot;.  I am especially impressed with the inclusion of &quot;Kids Wanna Rock&quot; as an album track that top 40 radio didn't pick up on.  This is a perfect summary of why we enjoyed Bryan Adams in the first place.  A strongly recommended purchase.
6303477259|5.0|May &amp; June came by and still no news about the release of this concert on DVD.
0312117337|5.0|Hello my name is Bernard,and i would like to buy &quot;Osho zen tarot&quot;and like to now is it any how to be paid by cash,and if it is what is the way,and how long is it going to take.                             Thank you in advance.
B00005JG6Q|4.0|First off let me start by saying I own the japanese dialogue (special subtitled edition) on vhs. I have loved this anime since the first days I had the pleasure of seeing it, many years ago. Everyone knows this film changed everything, changed the way we looked at animated films period. I was so eargerly expecting a dvd release for this must see film. I was however sorely disappoint that this (special edition) DOES NOT have a remastered 5.1 japaneses dialogue option!! I mean seriously as being a person who enjoys a good foreign film, I was appalled to find only the dubbed version was remastered to 5.1. To make matters worse most of the film appears HIGHLY digitized. They did do a great job on bringing out the colors and there is a great amount of detail visible compared to the vhs version but everytime i watch it on dvd part of me still craves my vhs version. I give this dvd version 4 stars but had it included a remastered 5.1 japanese dialogue and not so digitized.
0394533992|5.0|My current, first-edition hardcover of this book, purchased last year with mildew and mold aplenty at a junk store in Kentucky, is on its last leg. I'm waiting for the 50th-anniversery edition to come out, so I won't have to look for a non-mildewed place to grab the book and pull it off the shelf anymore. ( The 50th-anniversery edition is also going to be cheaper, thank heavens. Fifty bucks is a ridiculous price for any hardback book. )
B00004YKSD|5.0|Oliver Stone, the director who, like Picasso and art, bent the idea of moviemaking with his stunning and revolutionary cinematography, directing, camerawork and style was, in my opinion, the only director who could have done this movie as well as it came out looking.<br />For fans of the doors and those who are not (I know I barely knew the group before I saw it and still loved it) this movie's style portrays the life of Jim Morrison; a fascinating man who undergoes a transformation throughout the film. Though not perfectly accurate historically, this film shows the world how Morrison's mind works. He started out as a shy, calm poet who people were interested in but no one really liked. You view how his way of life changed him, and drugs and sex eventually made him become a crazed rock star like all the rest of them. Far from trying to create poetry any more, he is bent on shocking the world with what the media and law will allow him to get away with.<br />His death felt like too-sudden an end, though fitting to his life. His whole life was isolation, because he always felt separate from everyone else. The Doors is an excellent movie because it shows you how one man failed to show his mind as he wished it to be seen to the world. Oliver Stone, however, took it upon himself to succeed where Morrison failed.
0385472951|4.0|John Grisham does it again.  The Partner falls right in line with other Grisham novels such as &quot;A Time to Kill&quot; and &quot;The Runaway Jury&quot;.  Great chracter development and a twist ending to go along with all the courtroom twists and turns that make Grisham special.  This one will keep you up until the very end.
B000001EL7|5.0|This album is the third in the classic Kiss album trilogy(DESTROYER,ROCK AND ROLL OVER,LOVE GUN)and is the least of the three;though it still ranks as a classic.This is the first time all four members have a stab at singing lead and the second use of female backup singers on a Kiss track(the first was on the track SWEET PAIN on DESTROYER).Eddie Kramer still retains the hard edge of R&amp;RO,with a little polished production.Unfortunately ,the egos of Frehley and Criss were starting to rear up and the sessions were rife with tension.However,this album reveals the foursome at their full strength and popularity.there was only one way to go after this . . .down.<br />I STOLE YOUR LOVE - Pounding opener(for the album and for many a future setlist).Paul Stanley has never sounded more confident, bringing in a dual guitar solo(Stanley/Frehley)with a commanding ,&quot;Guitar!&quot;<br />CHRISTINE SIXTEEN - Another poppy &quot;dirty old man&quot; story from Gene Simmons.Great background harmony from the boys and piano is prominent.&quot;You're so clean,Christine&quot;.<br />GOT LOVE FOR SALE - A lovely lady's got the Gene disease and there ain't no cure,fortunately.A Motown influenced pumped up Simmons number with Ace Frehley solo that rips like a stoned bee.<br />SHOCK ME - Brilliant debut vocal outing from the Space Ace that sends garage rock into the outer galaxy.Thought of as his signature tune,it is still performed in concert today.Start off point for his innovative live solo spot.<br />TOMORROW AND TONIGHT - Example of an attempt to write a hit single.This is the track that some deride for it's of use of female backup singers.I happen to think they blend in perfectly. Typical &quot;Let's have fun in my bedroom&quot; lyrics from Paul.Slight, but redeemable.<br />LOVE GUN - Classic title track has the band pounding the speakers to bits,with masterful fretwork from Frehley and the first use of falsetto by Stanley in the fade out.Criss proves he's the Cat King with his skinwork on this one.<br />HOOLIGAN - Autobiographical song from Peter,about his former life as a street punk.Great harmonies.A lot of people detest this track,for some reason.I think it's another stellar rocker from the Catman.<br />ALMOST HUMAN - Underrrated chiller from Gene which &quot;pounds your head with sound&quot;and suits the Demon character right down to the ground.Ace's solo sounds like a rusty chainsaw.I wish they would'v attempted this one in concert.<br />PLASTER CASTER - Some girls get autograpghs,some get other mementos . . .sly tribute from Gene to the Plaster Casters(two famous groupies of the Sixties and Seventies who got plaster castes of stars' . . .er . . .um . . .).<br />THEN SHE KISSED ME - Affectionate rocked up cover of the Phil Spector classic.Another tune that divides Kiss fanatics.Best version of this song I've ever heard.Frehley's guitar takes the place of a full orchestral break.
B000002UAO|5.0|The best thing I like about this album is that it's simple. Every time I'm upset I'm always putting Rubber Soul on. It's not to hard not to soft. One of the greatest albums.
0684830485|5.0|I only started reading Hemingway last year, yet he's become one of my very favourite authors. Of course I am humble enough to I ask myself &quot;What more is there to say about &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; that the reviewers and others haven't said already?&quot; Yet here I am... writing another review about Hemingway's masterpiece...<br />&quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; is the tale of two of man's most cherished and hated traditions: Love and War. We enter the story somewhere in Spain, in 1937, under the Spanish Civil War. We follow Robert Jordan -the American (teacher, now a demolition expert), and a group of guerrilla loyalists; Pablo leader of the group, his woman Pilar and the girl Maria (a prisoner rescued by Pablo).<br />We follow the group, and especially Robert's, effort, fighting for the Republic against the Fascists. The entire novel only covers a span of three days, so we truly get a sense of the time passing. While the story develops we recognise that the real leader of the group is not Pablo, but his woman, Pilar. We watch Robert develop an intense love for the girl Maria and reading the part where Robert and Maria are taking farewell brought tears to my eyes...<br />It is not possible to not genuinely care for each individual in the story, because the characters are few, and they are all very well developed. In fact, they must be the most complete characters that I've found in any novel that I've read. They say that good novelists write books with strong main characters. Great ones make even the minor characters memorable. And so it is with &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;, the old man Anselmo is as well developed as Robert Jordan or Pilar.<br />From beginning to end, &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; held my attention. This novel shows Hemingway's masterful command of the English language, and I think this novel is one of the best anti-war novels of the 20th century. &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; most definitely deserves its &quot;true classic&quot;-label.<br />I couldn't recommend it more highly!quot;true classic&quot;-label. <br />I couldn't recommend it more highly!
6305538018|5.0|My favourite line from the film, and you will feel that your existence has been paused this film will engage you so much. The idea of plugging yourself into your playstation, and interacting with bizarre characters is put across in such a way as to fascinate and disgust. Jude Law has a gun in the film which shoots human teeth, gross. The same cannot be said of Mr Law, who is by no means gross! You have to expect this kind of lunacy from Cronenberg, but this suprises offered in this amazing film will have you on the edge of your seat. Not for the squeemish
B00000K19E|5.0|I have only one complaint for this movie. Keanu Reeves, Trinity and Tank have some pretty weak moments. That being said, I shall now give everything else about this movie (these qualities being so super a numerous that there is no question that it is five stars).<br />This movie will blow your mind. The special effects are more revolutionary than Star Wars, the action is suberb, most of the acting rocks, and the plot is spectacular. The plot, which I consider to be one of the most important aspects of a movie, is great because you can see both sides. I despise a movie in which the &quot;bad guy&quot; is completely evil without any cause. This movie shows that some people's personalities can be too weak to accept what is hard to believe, and to drive themselves back into their ignorant naive state, they would do anything. That sums up why this movie is so great. You can see the point of view of all sides, and the whole thing is enhanced by everything else in the movie.<br />Of course, I am not alone with my 5 stars. There are thousands of other reasons to buy this movie, that I won't bore you with. Because no one can be told what the Matrix is... you have to see it for yourself.
B000056K04|2.0|Dear Dave, <br />   This cd you put out, entitled Everday, has to be the lousiest cd i've heard.....from you.  This cd had the hype to be the biggest and best cd you have had, but instead it turned out to be a flop, in my mind atleast.  But with failure, comes an unusual form of success.  I have grown fond of the song &quot;the space between&quot; since you performed it on Saturday Night Live.  It is an amazing mix of all the instruments you use, and is kind of a flashback to your more glorious songs, such as ants marching, and crush.<br />   I'm sorry i had to write what i did, and rate it what i did, because i am a huge fan of yours, its just that i didnt quite accept the change from one style of music to the other.
0451196716|5.0|While I admit it is dark and morbid, it is probably my favorite story! It really brings you into the story and you feel like you are walking with them. I have read and reread this story many times and I never tire of it. I think if you read a Stephen King book and you are surprised or offended by its darkness, you shouldn't be reading King. You have to get past the horror of it and really read it. The character development is wonderful!
B00005B4GU|5.0|Amnesiac represents Radiohead's innovative and original movement into the realm of what has not been seen before.  This album is the peak of Radiohead's third style.  The first style, alternative rock, made its high in The Bends.  The second style, one that was more electronic and less commercial, peaked in OK Computer.  Now, I believe that Amnesiac is the peak of Radiohead's new style.  If you liked Kid A but it bored you a little, then Amnesiac is the album for you.  I like it equally with OK Computer and The Bends, although they are all essentially different styles.  The opening track, &quot;Packt Like Sardines in a Crushd Tin Box&quot; mixes Thom's melodic, almost wailing voice with solid and harsh background sounds.  &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; combines a piano's melody with Thom's voice, creating a trance-like mood of peace and depth.  The middle of &quot;You and Whose Army&quot; marks a climax in the cd.  The song begins with only Thom singing in a soft, soothing voice; in the middle, the band breaks in with a climatic and brilliant high, much more dramatic but similar to the climax in &quot;Paranoid Android,&quot; which makes you want to just stand up and either sing or cry.  The cd continues with innovative and moving songs, ending with a jazz-like &quot;Life in a Glass House&quot; that combines horns, percussion and voice in beautiful song.  Overall, Amnesiac is extremely moving and filled with brilliant depth.  This cd once again confirms Radiohead's brilliance, intelligence and talent.  It is a cd that everyone should have.  People who listen to all kinds of music are bound to adore it.
B0000542DJ|5.0|Some may consider this a movie that either you believe in it or you don't, either you like it or you don't but I disagree. I still don't know whether or not to trust this movie as a source (much of the footage was faked- this is a fact) but I know that as a MOVIE (documentary or fiction) this rocked.<br />Oliver Stone worked more of his magical directing in this film with Kevin Costner. I especially liked the paranormal quality of the cinematography, the way it switched from full color to black and white flashbacks to grainy &quot;home video&quot; style was superior in style to many other mvoies I've seen. Unless your thoughts are set in stone before you watch, this movie will make you believe by the end. Considered by many (and me) one of the finest movies to date.<br />Based on Jim Garrison's award-winning book, this movie combines great acting with superb videography to make what I consider a true masterpiece of a film.
B00005K3LU|5.0|Die Hard is a great acion movie, packed with (you gessed it) action, witty humor, and unbeatable suspense. The movies starts when a NY cop (John McClane, played by Bruce Willis) arrives in Los Angelas to meet his wife at a Christmas Party. Soon after he arrives at the party (which is taking place in a 40 story building)terrorists (lead by Alan Rickman who plays Hans Gruber)break in so they can steal money. Apparently, there is 650 million dollars locked away in a vault. McClane (armed with only a pistol) becomes the only chance that the hostages have. And since his wife in among the hostages, it gets personal.<br />Moving at an incredible pace, Die hard succesfully merges action, humor, suspense, and breathtaking thrills in to one tasty DVD. The action is well paced so that each few scenes lead up to a big action scene. For example, about a half and hour in to the movie, McClane gets in a fight with a terrorist, which leads up to a roof battle, which leads to a dangerous visit to the elevator shaft. (he he he) Once I saw the movie, I found that the only flaw was that it all ended too soon. All in all: SEE IT.
B000004286|5.0|I LOVED this soundtrack! The main theme is great boosting my morale.  Very emotional and powerful.  There is also one thing I want to point out.  Remember the movie Cast Away with Tom Hanks?  There is no soundtrack for that movie but there is the main theme you can download.  I downloaded the main theme and when listening to it, it sounded EXACTLY like the main theme for braveheart!  I don't know why they used the same song for different movies.  Please post an answer to this!
0425129616|5.0|POIROT &amp; HASTINGS introduced to the world. Ms. Christies first novel reads wonderfully. I challange you to start it and try to get anything accomplished until you receive HERCULE POIROT's explantion on how his &quot;little gray cells&quot; deduced the &quot;Mysterious Affair at Styles&quot;. Absolutely charming period piece on top of a first-rate stumper.
B00005LLK8|5.0|I highly recommend this movie. The characters are believable, the story uplifting, the scenes artfully made, and the music irresistible. I love this movie so much I had to buy the movie soundtrack, the book (screenplay) itself by Lee Hall, and the video in VHS and DVD.<br />The story revolves around Billy Elliot, an 11-year-old, motherless boy, who secretly traded boxing lessons to pursue his dream of becoming a ballet dancer. His father and elder brother were opposed to this idea. They were miners on strike at that time. But with the guidance of a determined teacher played by Julia Walters (nominated for Oscar's best supporting actress in this film), Billy studied and practiced dancing after school and whenever he could find time, until he was ready to audition for the Royal Ballet School.<br />Billy's father and brother eventually realized they had to give the boy the chance for the audition. After raising enough money through the help a friend George, and by the father pawning the jewelry of his late wife, Billy finally would have his chance of a lifetime. Billy went for the audition with this dad. They went home unsure but eagerly awaiting its outcome.<br />The letter from the school came. The father, elder brother and grandmother sat anxiously, while Billy went to a room to open the letter. Billy passed the audition. <br />The mining strike was over. The father and brother went back to work. Years later, they were seen getting off the train to London, into a full-packed theater, where Billy was the dancing star on the stage.<br />This is a movie that will stay in my mind for a long time. It points out the fact that there's a special talent inside each one of us that's waiting to come out. Whatever that talent is, one only needs to be true to oneself.<br />Stephen Daldry's first-time feature film direction was excellent; the scenes move fast and every single one of them was effectively used to build up the story.  Lee Hall's screenplay was heartwarming, though it's hard to understand some of the words because the language and accent used are of the Northern British region. Peter Darling's choreography was impassioned. Jamie Bell who played Billy Elliot was engaging; he has a rare talent for acting and dancing.<br />One will hear countless use of the four-letter \\"f\\" word in the dialogue, which gained for itself the \\"Restricted\\" rating. I don't know if the director and writer should have tried to limit the use of this word so as to include the PG-13 audience. I don't know much about Northern British culture, particularly one of a working class family, to say whether this kind of language is appropriate or not.<br />Overall, Billy Elliot is a very good movie. To me it, it's one of the best films of all time.  I give it five stars.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Electronica can be very boring at times and starts to all sound the same. This is not the average electronica, and sometimes isn't even electronica at all - this album is better. I listen to it all the time. If you liked older songs of his like Hymn and First Cool Hive, you will probably enjoy most of Play. The first two songs are kinda blah, especially the second, but from the beginning of Porcelain all the way to the end of My Weakness it's just plain good stuff (with the exception of South Side, that's not my favorite song in the world). I'm very glad that Moby has stopped making songs like I'm Feeling So Real, and makes ones like Everloving. This is a very enjoyable album; South Side is the only real &quot;Pop&quot; song on it. After a few listens, you will most likely dig Play (and if you do, be sure to get the B-Sides)
6303364438|4.0|This is one of the last x-rated movie that played on the public theaters. However, the movie is based on the real roman emperor who was finally assasinated by his military guards.<br />You must understand some stories in the movie are mainly fictional but it is highly praised the settings and clothes are similar to those of the ancient Rome.<br />The main story just shows how the clever, highly popular and young emperor becomes brutal and cruel monster. At last he met the tragic death. In the movie, it's because of the death of his only one true lover, his younger sister. In fact, some historians believe that the brother and sister had some kind of sexual relationships.<br />I think this movie makes you know about historical background of the ancient Rome. So, I must say if you want to understand the movie, you should read some history books about the early days of the Roman Empire. The family tree of the Roman Emperor is very complicated.<br />But you should not expect too much from this movie. Because it is made as a pornography and some actors act so terrible.<br />In addition, the most historical happening during regime of emperor Caligula is the killing of his mother. History says he is the one who ordered to do that. But it's not mentioned in the movie.<br />For more, he is an adopted grandson of the great emperor Augustus. His father was famous Roman governor general who almost conquered the Germany but died too easily when he fell down from his horse.
B000004286|5.0|I LOVED this soundtrack! The main theme is great boosting my morale.  Very emotional and powerful.  There is also one thing I want to point out.  Remember the movie Cast Away with Tom Hanks?  There is no soundtrack for that movie but there is the main theme you can download.  I downloaded the main theme and when listening to it, it sounded EXACTLY like the main theme for braveheart!  I don't know why they used the same song for different movies.  Please post an answer to this!
0440219078|5.0|Not being an avid reader, I was drawn to the Giver more by its cover than by its reputation.  However, having read the book, I would definitely say that it is extremely profound, and worthwile for everyone to read.  I am disappointed to hear the bad reviews from younger readers of this book, and I am disappointed to hear that it is being used in younger curriculums, as I think the deeper meaning of the book is being lost.  I am a fan of books that make you think and question, and if you enjoy authors like Vonnegut (my personal favorite) you should not pass over this book.
B00005B36H|5.0|The first time I heard this CD, I thought, my god these guys do way to many ....  I gave it another try, this time with an open mind, patience and no expectations.  70 minutes later I regained conciousness.  It was like I just had a religous experience.  This album is unbelievable, like no other rock music I had ever heard.  I can't listen to it loud enough or hear it long enough.  Schism and it's radio play is just a part of the experience.  You truly need to hear the entire CD, beginning to end.  Just light up, relax and press Play with patience and an open mind.  And enjoy.
B000001FVL|5.0|I'd be hardpressed to find another band that seems to be so misunderstood.  From hearing them pronounced as &quot;The BUGLES&quot; or &quot;The BOGGLES&quot; when the casual radio listener wants to request &quot;the first video that was played on MTV&quot;, it's frustrating to think that many people only know The Buggles for &quot;Video Killed The Radio Star&quot;.  Then there are many who know The Buggles as &quot;replacements&quot; for Jon Anderson &amp; Rick Wakeman when they left Yes in the late 70's.  But, I rarely hear people talk about _The Age of Plastic_ - an excellent new wave album that remarkably holds up 20+ years after its release.<br />This is a catchy album of new wave pop that was really ahead of its time with the prophetical truth of &quot;Video Killed The Radio Star&quot; and &quot;Living in the Plastic Age&quot;.  In addition, &quot;I Love You Miss Robot&quot; and &quot;Johnny on the Monorail&quot; present lush synthesisers and vocals that any fan of 80's pop will definitely love.  &quot;Clean Clean&quot;, &quot;Kid Dynamo&quot;, and &quot;Elstree&quot; will surprise new listeners in the fact that they probably have never heard these new wave gems on the radio before.  <br />I'd strongly recommend this album to fans of &quot;Video Killed The Radio Star&quot;, fans of Yes' _Drama_, and fans of 80's new wave synth-driven pop.
B000001ELF|5.0|I Like Listing To Ace Frehley's Muisc Including The One Song That<br />I'ev Like For A Long Time Called New York Grove.
0345377370|5.0|To treat his classic novel purely as a spy novel is to miss the point. It is classic book in the true sense of the word. A book that will endure for a very long time indeed.<br />The work may be rooted in the Cold War and reflective of Le Carre's own experiences but it does not due justice to read the work at such a superficial level. As  Leamas states, 'I do not deal in black and whites'. This theme gives the book greater depth than any spurious comparison to James Bond.<br />I thoroughly recommend this book. Read it as a thriller if you must - better to appreciate it as the idea that at some time all of us need at some time to 'come in from the cold'. Even if it is to ask for redemption on our deathbeds. If you find it a little confusing bear with it and I recommend that your next read should be CS Lewis's The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
B00005N6KG|5.0|Hey everyone, If you are looking for a great piece of equipment as headphones you are in the right place. You don't need to look anywhere else.. These are the best! You can't find any better headphones than these. They are so light you can't even feel that you are actually wearing them. I recommend these %1000000 :)
B000005JA8|1.0|All I can say about Trout Mask Replica is: Pants, pants, unutterable pants.<br />Out of the 28 tracks, not a single one avoided having its preference individually set to poor (the MP3 tag I use to denote &quot;Don't play me this when I ask for music&quot;).<br />I was very disappointed with TMR after the hype I had been given about it. It one of the few CDs I ever actually spent more than 15 quid on and if I could sell it and get some of my money back I would. Never before have I thought an album so bad that I would consider actually selling it.<br />It has no redeeming qualities, it isn't funny, it isn't interesting, it isn't ironic, it is just pretentious drug crazed bollox. I have known belches with more musical or poetic value.<br />Mark..........
B000002C1V|5.0|This is their last great album. I could say that this is the last Floyd album. Floyd is not Floyd anymore without Waters. Efforts like Pulse, or Anybody out there, where they play old Floyd-songs make me sad. Those R the best examples that without Waters they R not Floyd anymore, Gilmour and his band just can't put a valuable album together like The Wall, Dark Side or Wish U were here. The Wall was the peak, The Final Cut is a great end 2 a great band. They go on and on, but what is under the name Pink Floyd today is nothing but Gilmour and his band only, not Pink Floyd.
B0000524CY|5.0|The Exorcist is widely known as the scariest movie of all time and I agree. This film is both shocking and very cerebral. It starts out with actress Chris Macniel (Ellen Burstyn, Academy award nom.) hears strange noises in the night. Her daughter Reagen (Linda Blair, academy award nom.) feels her bed shaking. After a few such strange happenings Chris takes Reagan to doctors who say its just nerves. Repeated examinations don't help and they send here to a shrink who recommends an exorcist. Reagan does things to convince Chris that she is inhabited by demons and Chris goes to Father Damien Karras (Jason Miller, academy award nom). he examines her as a Psychiatrist and as a priest; he determines that she is indeed possessed. The church sends experienced exorcist Father Merrin (Max Von Sydow). The latter part of the movie shows their attempts at exorcism and eventual success despite their deaths. Lee J. Cobb plays a detective investing a death at the Macneil Home. A 25th Anniversary edition on video and DVD includes an interesting retrospective on the film. In 2001 a new 'writer's cut' included 11 min. of extra footage.
6303855474|3.0|Like many American movies today, this one can really be enjoyed only in a movie theater, not on VHS with a regular TV. It is full of action and special effects. The comic book hero dishes out justice, which is more like vigilante violence with a badge. I would probably give 4 stars to the theater version, which is where I first saw it, but it won't make much of an impression on tape. Some characters were not all that great either. I found the cannibals disgusting and annoying. Maybe that was the point, but I just did not care for these cannibals. And the gigantic robot enorcers that are reanimated and roam the streets in their destructive fury have irritatingly too much power.<br />This movie makes an attempt at a series of jokes, but they fall flat, because the atmosphere is grim, and the main character has been set up as part of a conspiracy. And this, in a nutshell, is the problem with a movie: it cannot figure out its own identity. It is an exaggerated, over the top sci/fi film with sprinkles of comic relief, while it also attempts to depict human lust for power, intrigue, the struggle for justice, and the importance of love and life.
B00005BF9Z|5.0|It's like stepping into a movie! This album is a perfect follow up to Manu's first album, Clandestino. You definitely need to get his first album to know the familiar references and melodies of which he makes use in his second album. It's not that he is running out of musical inspiration by borrowing old tunes and sound effects, as was said from a previous critic; quite the contrary. He is rather simply making references to old themes in his first album which makes this latest album all the more special! He didn't just forget about all the stuff he wrote in his first album!  It's *there* in the second album in little bits. And I think this makes for a great, awesome album! But believe me, there is SO MUCH more new stuff on this album. It is more of an upbeat style than the first, but it is WONDERFUL nonetheless, and quite infectious! I highly recommend it!!!! He is truly an artist who is master at his craft!!! This is the freshest stuff out there today. There are so many tidbits here and there throughout the album that one could listen over and over again without tiring!  Brilliant.
B000002U8G|5.0|Real Pink Floyd started here and ended with Final Cut. Everything between this era is a treasure 4 the world of music and everything outside R only solid efforts, though have some touching moments.
B000056N8X|1.0|I have to admit, when I found out that there was going to be a Highlander movie based on the TV series, I was estatic. Being a huge fan of the TV series and the first movie, I was prepared for a first rate production. Little did I know that none of the writers or directors from the television show, had nothing to do with this feature. As far as the script is concerned, it has C-movie, direct to video to trash can status. The directing and cinematography has elements of a TV commercial (bad ones) and music videos (bad ones). The bad guy was corny and boring. The character of Methos, a real important person in the mythology of Highlander, is on the screen for a total of 2 minutes. This is incredibly mind-numbing, because Peter Wingfield, the actor who plays Methos, is truly gifted. The special effects where extremely laughable, especially the ending, with the giant JVC product placement. The creators of this piece of [this movie] could have spent a lot less money and made a better movie. As a devoted Highlander fan, I was truly disappointed and fustrated. The only redeeming thing about this film is that a very tired and old looking Christopher Lambert can finally stop doing Highlander movies. However, since all of the sequels had nothing to do with each other, then maybe in the next Highlander movie, he'll suddenly be alive again.
B000024D4R|5.0|Real Pink Floyd started with Meddle and ended with Final Cut. Everything between this era is a treasure 4 the world of music and everything outside R only solid efforts, though have some touching moments. Dogs is one of my all-time PF favs. Don't miss it!
0140131558|4.0|Unfortunately, Paul Auster's unique work, &quot;The New York Trilogy,&quot; is one of those books usually purchased because of word-of-mouth advertising than off-the-shelf interest. The problem with people telling you about this little collection is that you often build a preconceived notion about what to expect from the work, either good, bad, or strange. If a book ever existed that should be read without any prior knowledge of it whatsoever, The New York Trilogy is it.<br />The book - really a collection of three novellas, originally published separately - follows the adventures of three different men on three different pulp-novel-style investigative cases. To give away more plot does the reader a disservice; after all, while one can describe a series of exhibits on a carnival's &quot;Freak Row,&quot; recreating the emotions involved in walking down that alley defies the conventions of language. Language, and its employ, surrounds many of the events in these books. Auster plays with the reader, offering a mystery as engaging as the ones his characters attempt to solve. He scattered the clues throughout the book, but the responsibility of creating meaning from them - and, by extension, from the book - lies solely with the reader.<br />If that seems unfair of Auster to expect of a reader, and too intellectual and highbrow for people interested in a casual experience, &quot;The New York Trilogy&quot; contains plenty more to recommend it. The mystery of meaning (provided the postmodernists and their odiously pretentious &quot;scholar&quot;-lapdogs haven't ruined such fun things for you) is an optional part of enjoying this work, and those looking for a great read should not be turned away. Vivid, haunting descriptions of The City (by all means, read this book in New York if you have the chance) mingle with stories that show an obvious awe and respect for film-noir and pulp detective stories. Hopelessness, sorrow, happiness, luck and chance, double-crossing, and redemption all combine to form three solid stories that tickle the mind. One gets the impression that Auster wrote this work almost as a tribute to the noir-pulp style, while attempting to offer the reader another mystery, should the reader desire such a challenge.<br />The seeded subcontext in the book offers quite the literary experiment, and like all experiments it doesn't always work. It usually lies in the background, suggesting its presence, but occasionally comes forward and distracts - and detracts - from the main work itself. In addition, the content matter and strange circumstances might put off those with preconceived ideas (thus, my attempt to say much while revealing little). Auster's &quot;Trilogy&quot; certainly merits a read, although it may not immediately appeal to all sensibilities.ption all combine to form three solid stories that tickle the mind. One gets the impression that Auster wrote this work almost as a tribute to the noir-pulp style, while attempting to offer the reader another mystery, should the reader desire such a challenge.<br />The seeded subcontext in the book offers quite the literary experiment, and like all experiments it doesn't always work. It usually lies in the background, suggesting its presence, but occasionally comes forward and distracts - and detracts - from the main work itself. In addition, the content matter and strange circumstances might put off those with preconceived ideas (thus, my attempt to say much while revealing little). Auster's &quot;Trilogy&quot; certainly merits a read, although it may not immediately appeal to all sensibilities.
B000002U82|5.0|Real Pink Floyd started with Meddle and ended with Final Cut. Everything between this era is a treasure 4 the world of music and everything outside R only solid efforts, though have some touching moments. This album is a real gem inside this era. I think the second part of the album is better, I just cannot get used 2 songs like On The Run or The Great Gig In The Sky. The opening track, Breathe is also a master-piece, one of the best moments on the album. My favs R the jazzy Us And Them and Waters' superb Brain Damage/Eclipse. This CD is a must have 4 all of us.
0780620003|2.0|Spawn is a flick that could be defined in those three terms. As an action flick or a movie that is based on a comic book Spawn is far below par. Unforunatly the movie is absolutly hollo as far as story, plot or charachters you'll like. <br />The Good:  Pretty Good action scenes. Average special effects with fight scenes. John Legazamo is funny as the clown.(especally the cheerleader scene)<br />The Bad: Cheesy Hell scene that looks awful. Satan looks like he was drawn by third-rate art school grades. Micheal Jai White didn't bring any sympothetic attributes to Spawn's character. Plot was so thin that was writen by a creative writing class drop-out.<br />The Ugly: Martin Sheen's character was so cardboard villian you could image him twisting his mustache in a Keystone Kops. It wasn't dark enough. Why did the suburbs still exist if this was suposed to be a despotic soceity with masive homeless people?  <br />I agree with one of the other reviewers that if Burton had directed it it would have been better. As far as action flicks its boring.
B00005M989|1.0|It is hard 4 everyone 2 put the Artist's best songs onto only 1 CD! He has many albums with many hits + many more great least known songs... Which is annoying 4 me is that there R 4 songs from Purple Rain and 4 songs from Diamonds 'n Pearls. Only 1 song from Lovesexy, no song from Batman, no song from the Love Sign album, no song from Dirty Mind, no song from Controversy. I don't want 2 list the songs I miss, U know it well. All in all, it is a weak compilation, if U want 2 hear his most popular songs, get Purple Rain, Diamonds 'n Pearls or The Gold Experience, if U want 2 hear the Artist's best, well, U know... get all his albums! :)
0393312836|5.0|A Clockwork Orange in my opinion is by far the best book ever written. Anthony Burgess did a tremendous job of writing about the frightening future and all the violence it brings. But, evil becomes good at the end, and that is great.
B000002UA0|2.0|This is not the album that made Pink Floyd famous 4 making a history of rock &amp; art. This is good 4 a debut album 2 a new group, but what came from Obscured by Clouds and Meddle is important! I am the fan of their Meddle-The Wall period, and don't really like their work before and after, but this is me. This album is different from Animals, it is nothing 2 do with Wish U were here, this album is not similar 2 Dark Side or The Wall. This album is like Relics, A saucerful of secrets and Ummagumma. If U like these, buy it. If U R a fan of the Wish U were-era, beware of it, U will never like it as much as some people do. It's another world, Barret's world.
0440214041|2.0|John Grisham has written some good novels that fall into the &quot;bestseller potboiler&quot; category of fiction, but this is not one of his stronger works.  The premise of a high-level coverup on behalf of a nitwit Reagan-esque chief executive is promising, and oil speculators are (now, more than ever) people that we love to hate, but Grisham's execution of his story line is simply overly cliched, contrived, and plodding.  Once the basic dynamic of &quot;see Darby run, see Darby outwit her pursuers&quot; is established early on, the story bogs down for (literally!) a couple of hundred pages. We are beaten over the head with just how clever Darby is (especially for such a Babe), and with how nasty and Machiavellian the President's henchmen are.  We go from one locale to another and another, always just one step ahead of the hapless bad guys.  And--not to provide too much of a spoiler here-- it turns out that the *really* bad guy bears an eerie resemblance to the late Howard Hughes!  <br />Enough, already.  <br />Oh, one more thing:  just how many references to we need to Darby's &quot;long legs?&quot;  It actually might have been more refreshing and bold for Grisham to portray Darby as a plain, dumpy, but brilliant law student, but then, Julia Roberts sells more tickets at the box office, right?  <br />And there's the crux of the matter: I think Grisham wrote this story fully intending from the beginning that this would be turned into a movie, so in terms of characters, plot, pacing, and ending, the whole affair is unabashedly Hollywood-esque.  In fact, the book was made into a pitiably bad 1993 movie starring Roberts and Sam Shepard.  While I can't really recommend the flick, at least you'll be done with it in a couple of hours, tops.
B000002C1W|3.0|Floyd is not Floyd anymore without Waters. Efforts like Pulse, or Anybody out there, where they play old Floyd-songs make me sad. Those R the best examples that without Waters they R not Floyd anymore, Gilmour and his band just can't put a valuable album together like The Wall, Dark Side or Wish U were here. The Wall was the peak, The Final Cut is a great end 2 a great band. They go on and on, but what is under the name Pink Floyd today is nothing but Gilmour and his band only, not Pink Floyd.
0446608955|5.0|A WALK TO REMEMBER is the telling of a story of first love.   Landon Carter reminisces back to 1958, when he was 17 years old and getting ready for college.   His best friend is on the football team and he seems to spend a lot of time hanging out with his buddies.   <br />Jamie is the daughter of the local minister, and spends all her time reading her bible.  She is the butt of all the kids' jokes, because she sticks out like a sore thumb. Being a goody goody doesnt make one popular in highschool, and even Landon pokes fun at her behind her back.<br />Then,  he finds himself roped in to be part of the christmas play with Jamie.  Jamie's minister father had written this play years ago, based on the story of his wife (who died during childbirth) and therefore the fact that Jamie plays the lead role has important meaning to everyone.<br />the play transforms Jamie and Landon's relationship, and he finds himself falling in love with her.  He is embarrased at first, but as he gets to know Jamie, he finds that he realy loves her.<br />Things turn for the worse, and as always it's a tearjerker in this Nicholas Sparks novel. I dont want to give anything away, but i think this book is one of those that you can't put down, especialy if you love romances.
B000002A3T|3.0|Floyd is not Floyd anymore without Waters. Efforts like Pulse, or Anybody out there, where they play old Floyd-songs make me sad. Those R the best examples that without Waters they R not Floyd anymore, Gilmour and his band just can't put a valuable album together like The Wall, Dark Side or Wish U were here. The Wall was the peak, The Final Cut is a great end 2 a great band. They go on and on, but what is under the name Pink Floyd today is nothing but Gilmour and his band only, not Pink Floyd.
B000002H97|5.0|It seems that many Metallica &quot;fans&quot; seem to enjoy putting this album down, for some reason.  They claim that, with this album, Metallica lost their edge and sold out.  Listening to this album, I'm wondering if we heard the same one.  This album may not be quite as epic or technical as previous releases, but it's every bit as thrashy, heavy, and good.  This album was my introduction to Metallica a few years back, and I've never stopped loving it.  The songs are full of crunch and vitriol, and the two ballads (&quot;Unforgiven&quot;, &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;) are very emotional and melodic.  There are still a lot of great solos, and Lars still dishes out some pretty impressive drumwork (especially on &quot;The Struggle Within&quot;).  The production quality is excellent (probably the best of all their albums), so every instrument is distinct and hard-hitting.  There are no bad songs, but if you want to hear a great one, check out &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;.  This is one of the best ballads ever, with very emotional lyrics and a great vocal performance from James Hetfield.  If you love heavy metal and do not love this album, there is probably something wrong with you.  I rank this album third, behind &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; and &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, and one of my top 20 favorite albums.  It's better than &quot;And Justice for All&quot; mainly because of the production quality, and better than &quot;Kill Em All&quot; because that album is too repetitive and rough around the edges (but still very good, mind you), and well, do I even need to explain why it's better than &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot;?  The simple fact of the matter is that Metallica was still a great band at this time, and did not sell out with this album.  This album was much heavier and better than anything else that was popular at the time (except for Pantera's &quot;Cowboys from Hell&quot;).  &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot; were the ones where the music changed for the worse, but even those albums weren't so bad.  If Metallica ever did sell out, it wasn't until the awful &quot;I Disappear&quot;.  If they ever get another bass player, and Hetfield ever gets out of rehab, let's hope they stop doing that kind of stuff and go back to the basics.  Megadeth and Iron Maiden already made incredible returns to form with &quot;The World Needs a Hero&quot; and &quot;Brave New World&quot;, if Metallica does another album like this, then metal is officially back.  Otherwise, they may as well just call it quits.  Anyway, buy this album, it is one of the best.ic changed for the worse, but even those albums weren't so bad.  If Metallica ever did sell out, it wasn't until the awful &quot;I Disappear&quot;.  If they ever get another bass player, and Hetfield ever gets out of rehab, let's hope they stop doing that kind of stuff and go back to the basics.  Megadeth and Iron Maiden already made incredible returns to form with &quot;The World Needs a Hero&quot; and &quot;Brave New World&quot;, if Metallica does another album like this, then metal is officially back.  Otherwise, they may as well just call it quits.  Anyway, buy this album, it is one of the best.
B00004TL21|5.0|I actually never bought this CD.  It was my friend's and I liked it so much I &quot;borrowed&quot; it.  Instead of the usual mosh pit anthems we find in rock these days, the Deftones have decided to experiment a little.  The main force of the album's success lies in the first single &quot;Change (In The House Of Flies)&quot; which has the distinction of being one of the few non sell-out rock groups to ever make it to TRL.  Another good track is the spooky RX Queen.  The album sounds very similar to a Tool album, and Maynard James Keenan guest stars on Passenger, another standout track.  It's very refreshing to have a quality rock record that doesn't base itself on anger and depression, and a vocalist who sings rather than raps.  This is a very good recording, and I'd definately advise everybody to purchase it.  Who knows, maybe I'll finally give my copy back to my friend.  Probably not though.
B000002H2H|5.0|When I first bought this album, it instantly became my favorite. I thought it was incredible, and that nothing could ever touch it. Well, since then I have changed my mind. I have found a lot (but not a whole lot) of albums that are just as good as this one, and even better. But, make no mistake, this is one of the greatest albums ever made, for sure. When the acoustic intro to \\"Fight Fire with Fire\\" starts out, you might think you bought the wrong album, but then the heavy guitar hits you like a ton of bricks, and before you know it, you're thrashing around, destroying everything in sight. The guitars are very tight, and awesome solos abound. Cliff's bass is very menacing (if not a bit hard to hear).  Lars doesn't stand out much, but he does a pretty decent job. There isn't a bad moment on here, but the highlights would have to be the classic \\"For Whom the Bell Tolls\\", the amazing ballad \\"Fade to Black\\", and, one of the greatest thrash songs ever, \\"Creeping Death\\". It all amounts to what is simply one of the greatest thrash metal albums ever made. There is a great deal of argument as to which Metallica album is the best. Many seem to think that \\"Master of Puppets\\" is the best, but I am very adamant in my decision that this is their finest moment. If pressed, I would say that this one and MOP are close to equal. I certainly prefer this one to \\"Kill Em All\\" and \\"And Justice for All\\", but MOP is a very close call. Anyway, if you love great metal, this is one album you should definitely buy. If you like this album, and want to hear more great metal, I would recommend \\"Powerslave\\" by Iron Maiden (which came out in the same year as RTL, by the way), \\"Reign in Blood\\" by Slayer, \\"The New Order\\" by Testament, \\"Among the Living\\" by Anthrax, \\"Peace Sells...\\" by Megadeth, \\"Cowboys from Hell\\" by Pantera, and anything by Iced Earth. Man, this was great metal. I wish more people did stuff like this today.
B000002OOY|5.0|The music, how beautiful!  The Movie in itself was great!  The scenery, the action, the drama.  But it was the music that added the full efect!  From the beauty of the music A Tree for My Bed and Welcome to Jurassic Park to the action and horror filled music of The Raptures Attack and Dennis Steals the Embryo.  It added the full efect of when they first arrived and saw the magnifecent animals to when T Rex first attacked.  It added the FULL effect.  Without the music, the movie would just be a well done play.  My favorite song is the Theme Song!  Its is SO BEAUTIFUL.  Its stick with me everywere i go.  When i was at the oral sergon's getting ElectroComp done (a painful procedure), I was in pain( you cant move)  The theme song came on over the loud speaker, it comforted me.  I was able to relax.  Thank you John Williams for such great music.
0684853523|4.0|I literally read this in a day.  I don't know how anyone could write about writing in such an engrossing way, but Steven King has done it!  The first part of the book is autobiography, serving to show that it's tough to break into the writing business, but it's possible.  The second part of the book is dedicated to talking about writing itself, dealing with various pet peeves that King has and some things he's learned along the way.<br />  This book inspired me to write.  That's a lot more than I can say for other books of this kind that I've read.
0671027344|5.0|I first read this book when i was attending the college of charleston and working at a privately owned bookstore in summerville, sc called All Books.  A 13 year old girl that i worked with gave me her copy for my birthday, and told me that i needed to read it.  One night, when i got off work, i sat down and began it.  6 hours later, i finished it.  I HONESTLY could not put it down.  11 more people have read my copy (and it's starting to fall apart :( ) and EVERY SINGLE PERSON has not been able to put it down; 7 have cried at the end (not girls :) ).  This book is one of the most inspirational and emotionally challenging books i've ever read.  On the emotional level, it's only been topped (i think) by Faith of the Fallen by Terry Goodkind.
B00005MAM2|4.0|This would have been the perfect release except for the horrible voice-acting.  What were they thinking when they hired these people.  I love the new translation but much of the high charged emotion in the original dub is gone.  I remember how much people complained about the original, not because the voice acting was bad but because the translation was poor.  Seems Pioneer only got half of it right.  Be careful what you wish for.<br />I emailed Pioneer why the original dub wasn't included and they said it was a money issue.  Huh?  Sounds like a cop out to me.<br />They did say if there was enough demand they would release a version of Akira with the original dub so here's your chance.  Email them at peaproducts@pioneer-usa.com and let them know you want the original dub back!  Do it!!!<br />I also noticed they did a poor job at removing dirt on the print.  Oh well, it's still the best anime movie even with the lousy actors.
B00003CY5H|5.0|Lost in all of the movie spectacles that attempt to dazzle us with special effects this Summer, find \\"The Score\\".  I took my son to see this film last night and it is made for the classic movie fan.  You need lots of adrenaline and patience as this flick holds you on the edge of your seat.  How can you miss with leading roles by Robert De Niro, Edward Norton (spectacular), Angela Bassett and..........and....and...YES - Marlon Brando?  If you like movies that start slow and build to a climax that will blow you away...go see \\"The Score\\".  I can't even begin to rate it with such summer flicks as \\"Planet of the Apes\\", \\"Jurassic Park 3\\" or \\"Final Fantasy\\" - there is no fantasy here.  This is pure storyline and acting.  De Niro is awesome.  Brando is riveting...and Norton has never been better.  I don't even want to tell you the plot.  Go blindly into the theatre and see this film.  When you leave you will have been through an emotional experience you've never had before.  ...  \\"The Score\\" gets a 10 (on a scale of 10).
014028009X|3.0|Bridget Jones is fun, light, sometimes silly, sometimes over-blown, off track as much as it is on, repetitive in ways that one who hasn't read it couldn't possibly understand, but also loveable enough that you just can't help but smile at the end of it and feel satisfied with what you've read. It's not a great book and it's not a bad book. It's not a great character and it's not a bad character. It's just cute, weird, and stylized in a way that isn't quite obscene. Those who hate the book are heartless and those who absolutely love it are overly forgiving. <br />My suggestion would be to take it for what it is, forget it when it's over, and move on with life. But try it. It's definitely worth a read.<br />Also, the Renee Zellweger movie is a good deal superior, so it may even be worth watching that first so that you don't let the book spoil it for you.
B00004KD1L|5.0|I did'nt buy this CD because of &quot;I see you baby&quot;(I've heard the edit on Kiss FM many times), I bought it because it sounded pretty interesting and when I listened to it, I felt like I was addicted to some kind of drug! My personal favorites are &quot;Chicago&quot;,&quot;If everybody looked the same&quot;,and &quot;Dusk you &amp; me&quot;.This is one of the albums that really got me into house music and how it SHOULD be......
0399103422|1.0|Read this book. It's delicious. My rating of 1 star is to attract your attention, but also to look more closely to the cristicism of people who didn't like Puzo's bestseller. Let's review this book, as Don Corleone would: let us 'reason' about it. As a rule, bestselling novels must have something special; like a clich&eacute; can not become a clich&eacute; without earning it. The average high rating of this book indicates it's power and quality, giving you a reason and justification to read it. Therefor, it's more interesting to give you reasons NOT to read it. If one claims that something is good, one has to try proving the contrary, and if that fails, the quality claim is justified. The criticism can be summerized as follows: * 'The film is better than the novel' - In most cases, a book is preferred over the film. If a director doesn't capture the images that a reader had imagined, the reader gets frustrated and dissapointed. In The Godfather, this process is turned around: most people have seen the pic before they read the book. Ofcourse the novel lacks the fabulous acting, music and fotography of the movie. The quality of the film can have so much impact on the mind, that it obstructs the imagination needed while reading. It does not mean that the novel is no good. * 'The novel contains too many unimportant details about uninteresting characters' - This is a matter of taste. Personally I loved the storylines about Lucy Mancini's 'big box' and Johnny Fontane's declining stardom. But also, they provide another perspective on the Mafia-world. These people live 'normal lives' in the 'normal world', but even they are partly controlled by the Don. Their lives show us precisely the borderline of the Don's influence. * 'The characters are too flat' or 'The characters suddenly change to become totally different flat charachters' - This is true. I was surprised to see Michael suddenly become a cold mobster. But, let's be honest, from the very beginning of the novel we all knew that was going to happen. It's not clear how it happened, and maybe that is also the power of the story. The characters maybe flat, but flat in a mysterious way. You do not understand exactly why they do what they do. I was mostly shocked and surprised about Michael lying to his wife, when she asks him to tell the truth: did he really kill his sister's husband? He gives it to her straight: &quot;I'll tell you about my bussiness for once: I did not do it&quot;. It's a lie. If the characters are flat, they would be completely predictable, and they are not. You suspect their actions, but you don't know precisely why or how yet. And it's clear why you don't understand: you are not from Sicilly.going to happen. It's not clear how it happened, and maybe that is also the power of the story. The characters maybe flat, but flat in a mysterious way. You do not understand exactly why they do what they do. I was mostly shocked and surprised about Michael lying to his wife, when she asks him to tell the truth: did he really kill his sister's husband? He gives it to her straight: &quot;I'll tell you about my bussiness for once: I did not do it&quot;. It's a lie. If the characters are flat, they would be completely predictable, and they are not. You suspect their actions, but you don't know precisely why or how yet. And it's clear why you don't understand: you are not from Sicilly.
B00000DHRX|5.0|George has been witting around with so many songs, starting with his debut as a &quot;simple&quot; music maker in the 70's/early 80's... This has been a long way till he found about his &quot;paradise&quot; of music. He is that person who's hiding so much deep inside him... we can find this specially in his album OLDER where he's such a sentimentalistic person...He's a MAN... I'm proud to have known all of his old and new albums, but this one is digitally re-mastered... Sounds off on this one  ;)
B000002AP1|4.0|There's a reason the Igster changed his last name from Stooge to Pop with this one. After the apocalyptic squall of Fun House, fans had every reason to fear a Stooges album called Raw Power, especially with Iggy looking like the epitome of all things wild, wicked and wonderful about rock `n' roll on the cover. But this album has gotten a bum rap: it's not the pinnacle of evil death metal; it's just the world's loudest pop album. From the shimmering celesta riff in \\"Penetration\\" to the opening acoustic guitar strum in \\"Gimme Danger,\\" great Top 40 touches abound - albeit buffeted `til bleeding by a guitar maelstrom that can crumble concrete. (Of course, those song titles might have something to do with why people fear this record!) David Bowie tried to beat it into submission the first time around, but with this remix, Iggy lets it rip. And rip it does, but not so hard that you can't dig on the great song structures and brilliant vocals. Think of it as ABBA pumped on the mother of all steroids!
B00000F1D3|3.0|No that bad... There are some nice songs found in this album but in the long run gets tiresome. It's quite of the same rhythm... Play, rewind, forward.... or skip it ;)
B000002AGN|5.0|5/4, 3/4, 9/8? An &quot;experiment with time signatures&quot;, an &quot;arrow pointing to the future&quot;? So much has been (rightfully) said about those qualities of this album that can be understood and appreciated only by people who &quot;know&quot; music that you and me (the average listener to whom the expression odd-meter doesn't mean a whole lot) can feel almost intimidated. Well, I'm here to tell you that Dave Brubeck's musical discoveries CAN be fully enjoyed by all. Actually, the well-known fact that this was the first jazz record to be bought by over a million people should tell us just that.  Quite simply,the compositions and arrangements are excellent, and all four musicians do an amazing job of performing them. So, yes, this was a musical breakthrough back in 1959. First and foremost, however, it is great jazz.
B00004U2HK|5.0|I first saw this movie in January 1978 when it was shown as the Sunday night movie on TV. This was also the night that the infamous Blizzard of '78 struck NE Ohio, which is where I grew up, and, as a result, I got two snowdays out of school. The combination of watching both TSOM and the snowstorm, which meant no school the next day, has remained one of the fondest memories of my childhood.<br />Since that stormy night in 1978, I've seen TSOM countless times. However, I do have to admit that I can see how some people dislike TSOM for its sappiness. Even I cringe and guffaw at some scenes such as after &quot;So Long Farewell&quot; and the guests all sing, &quot;Goodbye!;&quot; or some of Charmian Carr's scenes where this model's &quot;acting&quot; just makes me wince. Although, Carr isn't the worst actor in the movie that title is reserved solely for Nicholas Hammond who played &quot;Friedrick.&quot; His constant mugging in virtually every scene is just beyond annoying.<br />Yes, TSOM sometimes crosses over the line of being warmhearted into the realm of syrup, but it could have been worse. Director Robert Wise and Julie Andrews took steps to ensure that the movie would be far less saccharine than the stage musical it was adapted from. (I know anti-TSOMer's will be shocked by that, but it's true.) Watch Julie Andrews' performance- she stumbles occassionally, gets stuck in a bus door, and shows signs of exasperation when having to keep singing to these kids. These were all attempts to humanize the character of &quot;Maria&quot; and tone down her perfection found in the stage play.<br />Other reviewers have all ably noted why this movie is a classic: the scenery (Salzburg, Austria really IS that gorgeous), the songs- everyone knows them, the direction of Wise, and the performances of Christoper Plummer, Eleanor Parker whose catty baronness is probably the best antidote to the movie's overweening cuteness, and, of course, Julie Andrews. Like almost everyone else in the world, I fell madly in love with the cropped-haired (I think I developed my attraction for short-haired women because of this movie), kind-hearted, independent, resilent, and courageous &quot;Fraulein Maria.&quot; It's truly one of the great performances in movie history because without it this movie would have sunk. Instead it become one of the most popular and beloved movies of all time.
B000002UB3|5.0|Maybe my favorite Beatle album.  Starts off w/the cool, funky &quot;Come Together&quot; followed by George's masterpiece, &quot;Something&quot;.  The rest of side one is average, except for maybe Paul's vocal on Oh Darling and the guitar work on &quot;I Want You&quot;.<br />The guitar work on this record is magnificent, considering the Beatles weren't thought of as first-rate musicians.<br />Side two is arguably the greatest side of pop/rock music ever recorded.  I've owned this record for years &amp; still am amazed every time I listen.  Considering the group was on the verge of breaking up at the time, this is a true miracle masterpiece.
0871137380|5.0|Not to say that I am a Ranger.  I first read this book and thought it was the best book I had ever read.  Then I read it again a week later, and it was better.  Since then I have seen every interview with the participants of this battle, and have even spoken with different veterans online about it, and they all love it at least as much as I do.  If you care anything about the American military, and want the bloody truth about what it's like knee-deep in the heat of battle, then buy this book.  You will not be disappointed.
B00005BJPO|3.0|I have been an AKIRA collector and follower of the comic series for about ten years now. You cannot know a more enthusiastic fan of AKIRA. As you would guess I long awaited the digitally re-mastered DVD 2 disc set and had a pre-ordered copy through Amazon ready to go for months. When the limited addition finally arrived I was instantly thrilled with the fantastic packaging efforts in the design, look and feel. The collector tin and booklets were superb. Loaded with extras this DVD was ready to go. But if you are a fan of the original movie release many years ago the new release FALLS SHORT! The images color and sound are impeccable but low and behold our lovely American studio decided to RERECORED the American voice over. The character choice mood and all around flow of the movie is INTOLLERABLE at least! The voices have become bubble gum in comparison. ALL DRAMATIC VOICE ACTING LOST!! The original voice over, overseen by the actual creator of the move by the way, had so much more. It delivered an intense portrayal of just a glimpse of what the Japanese language could provide, while the new over-dubbing is COLD, UNINTERESTING and OBVIOUS.<br />In conclusion it's a great addition to an AKIRA collection but if your looking for entertainment I would seek out the original on VHS and let the AKIRA tin collect dust in your closet.
0316776963|5.0|I don't care one whit for any intellectual or comparative examination of the content of this book, all I know is that I was laughing and shaking my head at the joy and discovery of what he can say and how he says it. Amazingly, he does it out of nothing: his subjects include elementary school, living in New York, family (whose banality he venerates), bad jobs, learning French, all commonplace but he re-visits them from a wonderfully skewed perspective and makes everything we've got in common seem funny, fantastic and sometimes deeply touching. <br />The person who can write a book that makes the reader laugh out loud and feel that he/she has lived, or could have lived, the same experience is very special indeed. David Sedaris is a real star. Just like certain stage actors in their prime, his charisma and talent draw the participant into feeling a deep relationship with him. I finished this book feeling a lot of humanity and other corny stuff too simple and sweet to spoil by giving them names.
1558216847|2.0|Although I throughly enjoyed reading this book it is a totally unrealistic story. Highly conditioned atheletes in world class shape cannot survive a desert without water, so there is no way half starved prisoners can last 8 days without water.
1558216847|2.0|I read this book eagerly, given the fact that the book jacket described Rawicz's journey as &quot;Homeric.&quot;  Though he may have travelled as far as Odysseus, he certainly doesn't possess the literary skills of a Homer, even with the help of a ghost writer.  The Long Walk was a plainly told tale of extraordinary endurance.  In fact, I agree with one reviewer who found the tale so extraordinary as to be unbelievable.  I might be willing to accept the truth of Rawicz's story had there been some introduction or some verifiable historical facts within the tale itself.  Unfortunately, my edition had none of this and the result was fairly implausible.  I could easily catalogue the story's absurdities: the fact that the Polish officers all died along the way, leaving only Rawicz and a few untraceable companions at the end; the claims that the party walked for days with no food or no water (read _In the Heart of the Sea_ or _Endurance_ for a more plausible survival tales, and you'll realize how difficult this is); the idea that the party traversed some of the most daunting territory on the earth in handmade fur garments (?!).  Even if his story is true, Rawicz never bothers to analyze his experience, or mull over what it might mean.  He and his companions managed to reach the relatively hospitable Mongolia and encountered dozens of boats heading for China, yet still chose to walk not only through the Gobi desert but over the Himalayas, with tragic consequences.  Without some thoughts about the meaning of the experience and about his post-war life, Rawicz's tale is hardly more interesting than the map that marks his party's estimated route through the wilds of Asia.
0140434135|5.0|So much of the discussion of &quot;Northanger Abbey&quot; centers on the Gothic send-ups of the second half of the novel, but the primary focus of this wonderful novel is the absolute skewering of the social mores and behaviors of the era. As Catherine, Isabel Thorpe, and the other girls their age frantically pursue wealth and status in the form of a fair-faced husband, Austen provides us with a splendid portrayal of a society. General Tilney's treatment of Catherine is only the most obvious of Austen's criticism's of the &quot;Bath society,&quot; for several other characters also behave selfishly.<br />Read &quot;Northanger Abbey&quot; for several reasons. First, it is an entertaining novel--and that alone should give encouragement to a prospective reader! Second, it is a pointed description of a society based only on class and wealth, in which one's happiness depends upon securing &quot;a fortune.&quot; Finally, it is an accessible introduction to Austen's works and may encourage you to read more.<br />Enjoy journeying with Catherine Morland from her small town home to Bath and thence to Northanger Abbey and home again!
B000002UY5|5.0|Effectious, mellow grooves and harmony, this album transcends all but a handful of 90s albums. Yet another in the line of talents taken from us too soon, this their first album was as true a distillation of a band's spirit as I've seen in a debut album (possible exception being GNR's Appetite For Destruction). Listen, appreciate, enjoy, then tell your friends.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|What a relief to see some actual artistic attempt at a movie!  In the recent years of &quot;Freddie Got Fingered&quot; and &quot;American Pie&quot;, I can say personally I'm VERY happy to see a movie that isn't about shock value.  Judging from the reviews of people I can see that I'm not the only one who feels this way.<br />Moulin Rouge is not cluttered as I found some critics to think.  Nor do I think it was loaded with special effects.  Rather, it was the angles of the camera, the blue filters, the quick shots, the costumes the imagery and the characters, of course, the characters.  I didn't find anything cliche in this entire movie.  I was moved, I was enthralled and just fell in love with the lovers themselves. Ewan was especially moving, from his natural talent for acting that I believe branched forward from his usual work to his superb singing that I never knew he could do before.  Nicole Kidman I always thought was a diamond in the rough and am glad to see her finally attemping something more high brow.<br />Then there is the question of the story:  was it real?  Are you sure it wasn't the absinthe that Christian drank?  Was it simply a story that he wrote because his father badgered him and he obeyed him?  Or how about the symbolism?  The multi-million dollar necklace that Satine wore:  was it a &quot;collar&quot; of slavery from the Duke?  Or how about the elephant room?  Is it just an elephant or does it really mean courage and strength for Christian and Sabine?  A really good movie is one that makes people think: that keeps them talking and wondering about the endless possibilities that they can come up with to describe or define what it really was about.<br />Of course, we do know for sure that the movie was about love.  That, above all, is for fact.  Most of the critics who bashed this movie from what I've read hated it simply say it &quot;was a whirlwind of chaos&quot; or &quot;watching a hyperactive child on pixie sticks&quot;.  In my opinion, they were too stupid to get the point and simply attempted to think up cute cliches in order to make their writing seem clever.  What they forgot is it's groundbreaking, it's new, it's fresh and above all IT BREAKS THE RULES.  Most importantly it breaks the rules.  God knows we don't need another Rambo movie to simply rot our brains.  We relate to it for it's modern music in a historical setting, it's elaborate color-like dream fantasy portrayal and most of all for the feeling that true love has on someone -- we all want that. And the love between Christian and Satine is believable.<br />It's about time Hollywood attempted to bring back some type of creativity to movies rather than action, giggly women and stupid humor.  I'm hoping that a movie such as this will inspire more openness rather than simply ripping off the concept (ahem... Matrix anyone?)  Otherwise, I'm just going to get my fill from the Discovery channel.were too stupid to get the point and simply attempted to think up cute cliches in order to make their writing seem clever.  What they forgot is it's groundbreaking, it's new, it's fresh and above all IT BREAKS THE RULES.  Most importantly it breaks the rules.  God knows we don't need another Rambo movie to simply rot our brains.  We relate to it for it's modern music in a historical setting, it's elaborate color-like dream fantasy portrayal and most of all for the feeling that true love has on someone -- we all want that. And the love between Christian and Satine is believable.<br />It's about time Hollywood attempted to bring back some type of creativity to movies rather than action, giggly women and stupid humor.  I'm hoping that a movie such as this will inspire more openness rather than simply ripping off the concept (ahem... Matrix anyone?)  Otherwise, I'm just going to get my fill from the Discovery channel.
078311513X|5.0|If you have ever been tempted to pick up a stranger, this movie should cure you for good.  Forgive me for probably repeating some things.  This movie stars C. Thomas Howell (Ponyboy in The Outsiders), Rutger Hauer (Blade Runner), &amp; Jennifer Jason Leigh (Fast Times At Ridgemont High).  This was the extent of my knowledge when I first saw this movie at the age of 15 with my best friend (our theater more or less did not believe in carding).  This movie looked cool but we had no major expectations.<br />WOW!  This was one of those movies where you had no idea how much time had passed when it was over.  Howell is convincing enough as your basic 80's midwestern dirty white boy.  I could relate.  He was the main draw at the time for moviegoers.  But Hauer is positively bone-chilling in his role as an aimless drifter who has decided, after Howell initially gets the better of him, to focus all of his deranged energy &amp; attention squarely upon the shoulders of Howell's character by alternately terrorizing him &amp; oddly assisting him - while offering no explanation for either (well, near the end we learn a little).   Leigh plays the innocent bystander who becomes caught in the middle.  Anyone looking for or suspecting the standard romance angle will not find it in this movie; the only developing relationship that develops here is between the kid &amp; the hitcher.  Normally, at this time in my life, I went to rated R movies looking for some T&amp;A (didn't we all...), but this is a movie where there is none - and is not missed one bit.  The only other rated R flick from this period for which I would say the same was Runaway Train.  What I am saying is that the plot is engrossing (as long as you believe most anything could happen out in the lonely Texas badlands - esp. when you don't order from the menu!).  The ending is not altogether brilliant but for sure is not any sugarcoated giftwrap Hollywood triumph of good over evil or anything like that.  The movie will makeyou wonder:  what good could anyone have made of such a situation?  I kind of like that.<br />To touch on some other aspects:  the soundtrack done by Mark Isham is awesome for this movie.  It is very unnerving and tense. And it is perfect in a lonely, desolate, Texas high plains sort of way.  Movie stunt buffs take note:  this movie features the very first filmed scene of two motor vehicles executing a simultaneous barrel roll onscreen.  No multiple angles or tricks.  One straight-on camera shot of the two vehicles tumbling just inches apart, side by side, toward you at full speed.  That is pretty cool.  The overall cinematography is excellent as well, taking full advantage of the wide open spaces &amp; dark, dusty corners.  I would probably agree with many that the visual quality of the film (I am thinking more for DVDers) is not the best.  Also there are no artificial special effects or tricks that I am aware of, which is fine in this case.<br />Basically, a weird offbeat script with a small but well chosen cast &amp; crew which resulted in this singularly terrifying gem.  Even the dogs did their parts well.  You will be disturbed!
B00003CXCQ|5.0|It looks like Disney has gone all out for this DVD edition. SW&amp;7D is most certainly a classic. I could do without the Barbara Streisand stuff however.
B00005JK1C|5.0|When I first saw this movie I was caught up in an interesting story and that alone makes it worth your time. When you get to the end of the movie it makes you glad that you spent the time watching it. It has one of the most unforgettable endings of all time. Definately one for your DVD collection. I love Kevin Spacey and Chaz Palminteri and they make this movie better with their acting. I have seen parts of this movie copied and used in others so you know it has made its mark.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|(My original review of the DVD has been edited to refer to the Limited Edition Collector's Set Blu-Ray).    I pre-ordered the Limited Edition Diamond Collector's Set because I'm a big Disney and Snow White fan. I was blown away by how nice the set really is. The box is lined in velvet with gold embossments. The lithographs are of pencil animation, so you get to see all of the animator's original pencil lines. The pin set is adorable. And the book is the real centerpiece of this box set. It gives details about the production, as well as provides information about the legacy the film has had. It is full of rare pictures. The book also features the story of Snow White, told through concept art and stills from the film. The book is absolutely gorgeous.    As for the Blu-Ray itself, the film hasn't looked this good since its original release in 1937. Disney's restoration team deserves a pat on the back for a job well done. The transfer on Blu-Ray is immaculate. It's so clean that you can see some of the animation flaws if you look closely. In terms of bonus features, Disney has done a thorough job. If you do everything in the immersive Hyperion Studios feature, it takes more than 4 hours to get through. Add that to the recycled bonus features from the Platinum Edition DVD and you have almost more than you could ask for. The bonus DVD copy of the film is a nice touch, since we have 1 Blu-Ray player, but 4 DVD players, so now we can enjoy Walt Disney's classic on any of our TVs.    If you are a more casual fan, this collector's set probably isn't for you. But if you are a huge fan of the film or Disney in general, this set is a must-have. It's worth the price.
B00003CXN4|5.0|This is an excellent movie and it basically follows a number of different paths and all compelling to watch. AS the stories start to converge the movie gets even better and you start to realize that although fictional this is way things are in real life. Excellent acting by all the big stars as well as the supporting cast. It is also filmed in a different way, it isn't as clear and pretty as most films are but it adds to its appeal and helps you understand that a lot of times life isn't pretty.
B00005ASIL|4.0|Between Lynyrd Skynyrd, Blue Oyster Cult and other 70's has beens there's got to be dozens of  &quot;best of&quot; cds; not to mention box sets.  I quess real &quot;Tull&quot; fans will buy this to complete their collection. At least you only have to fork out for one disc.  Slam my review if you want...can you say Morpheus?
B00003CXRP|5.0|This is an excellent story, told in a way you don't see very often these days. Once Hanks is stranded you are stranded with him too, and you live through him for the time he is there. The plane crash is as realistic as anything you will see, I was flying within a month and it had me in a panic just thinking about it. A thoroughly enjoyable movie and I highly recommend it.
0140288503|5.0|Pack up your bags and join the rangers.  This book takes you right along with them as they do their patriotic duty.
B0000399WI|5.0|This is a movie that start out kinda slow and you sit there wondering what all the hoopla is about the movie. Before you know it you are taken hostage by the great story and unbelievable directing. By the end of the movie you are sad that it is over. This is one of my Top 10 all time favorite movies. I will not tell you much about the movie itself other than the fact the story is compelling, the acting is excellent, and the director has the best knack for keeping you glued to the screen. My wife turned it off after 10 minutes because she said it didn't look good. I had her watch it again and she absolutely loves the movie. Give it time and you won't be sorry.
B0000024TQ|5.0|After reading several of the reviews of this album, I was stunned by some of the comments. The one about there being too much filler was the one that shocked me!! This album is barely 30 minutes long!! Filler is what you hear on a 60 minute Guns and Roses or Bon Jovi cd. Let's get real here!! This is a truly remarkable piece of work and Simon and Garfunkel's finest ever. With some of the best song writing and tightest tissue paper harmony I have ever heard, this is a true classic from start to finish. Absolutely tremendous!
0684853523|5.0|This book is a wonderful read! King takes you along on his journey though childhood, his trials as a young writer, then gives lots of great writing tips that ANY writer can use. Get this book!
B00005LB50|5.0|After years of research, Neil Young has teamed up with Atco Records and of course Rhino Records ( who else? ) to bring us a first rate set that really offers us an inside look at a band with some of the finest talent ever assembled in one place. It is loaded with demos, alternate versions and remixes. It gives us rare previews of CSNY, some wonderful Stephen Stills stuff and some incredible early Neil Young things. This collection also reminds us what a great vocalist Richie Furay is. Absent unfortunately from this collection is live material. but that is only a minor bite on what is a collection that obviously has had a lot of work put into it. This band's career was way too short lived. This box set makes us wonder what might have been with this band. But of course if that had happened there probably would not have been a CSNY or a Poco either.
630025075X|5.0|...however, I don't AGREE with all of them. Hey, it's still a free country. (For the most part.)<br />First of all, I'm a diehard Floydian and believe that, in spite of those who believe that Roger Waters is the Second Coming of  Christ, David Gilmour is the voice, the heart and the soul of Pink Floyd. Especially the VOICE...without that, Pink Floyd is only a shadow of its true self. Not to dis Roger...I fully acknowledge that the man is brilliant. But it takes more than one human being to make a BAND; and that, my friends, is what Pink Floyd IS. Enough on that.<br />I fully remember seeing this concert when MTV ran it as one of their Saturday Night concerts (hey, remember when MTV really WAS a music channel?), and was completely blown away by the ENERGY of this show. The opening medley of \\"Until We Sleep\\"/\\"All Lovers Are Deranged\\" ranks as one of the great moments in rock and roll history (plug your video in to your stereo or home theatre system and play this LOUD), and arguably David Gilmour's greatest live performance, instrumentally and vocally. He could not have chosen a better concert opener than this. My jaw was left hanging open. I also give him high marks for the choice of band mates for this tour; they complemented his style and renderings of the classic Floyd tracks. One writer asserts that his performances of some of these songs aren't as good as the Floyd performances...I beg to differ on one of them. I consider his performance of \\"Run Like Hell\\" FAR superior to the Floyd versions (with the exception of the original studio recording from THE WALL--in which case we would be comparing apples and oranges). Having the master-pounder-of-a-drummer Chris Slade (formerly of Manfred Mann's Earth Band), playing the drums in a forceful manner that would have made Bonzo stand up and cheer, added so much depth and intensity to this performance that it made the other renditions seem pale by comparison. As I stated with the opening medley: play this one LOUD. Wake your neighbors. <br />Now, the real million dollar question...when will this be released on DVD??P>Great job, Dave. Looking forward to the next Floyd album and sure wouldn't mind seeing you do a solo tour again.
B000000XCH|5.0|I have been listening to this record ever since I was five years old. The one thing about this record that has always stuck with me is the sound of the recording. &quot;Up Around the Bend&quot; and &quot;Ramble Tamble&quot; have the most exciting sound from a voice and guitar I have ever heard. The songs on the record have a definite ring of freedom to them, you also have a huge variety of styles to choose from, Rock and Roll, Pop, Country flavor, Blues it's all there for the listening. Cosmo's is very strong lyrically as well, when you listen to &quot;Run Through the Jungle&quot; and &quot;Who'll Stop the Rain&quot; you can picture it so clearly that if you close your eyes you can see everything. This album was produced the right way, my hat goes off to John Fogerty 100%. This album is what I call 1/3 of the CCR trilogy, the first two parts going to &quot;Green River&quot; and &quot;Willy and the Poorboys&quot;, all three are incredible records. I'll remember Cosmo's Factory as the peak of CCR's career and it will never leave my collection. Anyone who would like to hear what a great album sounds like should have this one.
B0000027F3|5.0|I have been a Priest fan since high school, as well as a guitar player.  I have always admired Glenn Tipton as the finest heavy metal guitarist.  He is not only the chief songwriter on most Priest songs but their main axeman as well.  Don't get me wrong, KK Downing is a very good guitarist but he uses the tremelo bar way too much and doesn't play with feeling.  Glenn, on the other hand, is incredibly melodic and super-fast, when necessary.  This album has some incredible guitar solos, particularly on &quot;All Guns Blazing&quot;, which is done by my pal Glenn.  If you want music faster than Megadeth, but more melodic, this is it!
0446364495|4.0|This is a book you either love or hate!  There's no inbetween.  It's a beautiful love story about a short affair between a stranger and a lonely married Italian woman who fines herself alone while her family attend a fair.  The stranger stops for directions and from that moment, a whirlwind love affair occurs.  Don't be fooled by the title into thinking the book is a detailed description of our countries bridges.  The stranger who is a photographer, is taking photographs of local bridges for a magazine which is why he's in the area and thus the title of the book.  I'm not usually one for sloppy romance novels but in this case, I found this book to be a caring and loving account of two people in deep love and having to part company.  It's very sad.  I recommend it.  It's much better than the movie of the same name.
0425152251|5.0|I found this book absolutely amazing because it gave me a bird's view of a very complicated and old discipline in a clear and yet, not patronizing language - I know of no other book that does that.<br />True, some may find the plot thin and the characters flat (although I enjoyed greatly the mystery in the novel) - but the authour's main purpose is to give his readers a concise yet all-encompasing view of a huge subject - I'm surpised it took him so few pages. I think Jostein Gaarder succeeded in producing a book that can be read by people of all ages who want a simple introduction to philosophy. <br />Anyone who is worried that the book is oversimplified because it was &quot;written&quot; for a 15-year old girl (Sophie): relax - Gaarder may provide only a short introduction to philosphy, but firstly, it should be only a starting point for an inquisitive reader who should come up with his/her own ideas based on what s/he read; and secondly, considering how many names and ideas Gaarder introduced in his book, there's nothing in your way - if you become interested - to buy a book dedicated solely to Plato or Hegel - which is what I was compelled by this book to do. <br />Let this book be only a passage into the wonderful world of philosophy.
B00000K19E|5.0|I simply love the Matrix.  Everything about it is wonderful.  The plot, the acting, the lighting, action sequences, and the special effects all add up to make one of the best films I have ever seen.  I know it isnt perfect, but I'm a sci-fi nut and kind of overlook the corny parts...
B00005BJPO|1.0|As previously mentioned the video quality is very impressive.  My problem with this remake is with the english audio.  New voice actors and dialog make this film unwatchable to me.  This movie is a classic and has been around for nearly a decade.  It is too late to change it now.  Come, on how would you like it if the voice of Darth Vadar of Star Wars was changed?  I applaud Pioneer to trying to update the film but at least include an audio track with the original voices/dialog.   As it stands this movie is going back,  I would rather watch my old worn out copy on VHS.
B000002KGT|5.0|Rumours is a stunning achievement--in my opinion, Fleetwood Mac's best album. Stellar music, meaningful and luminous lyrics; an absolute essential.
6304082428|5.0|I was forced to watch this movie in an English class in high school several years ago.  I had never been a fan of period pieces in the past, but this novel and movie made me a big fan!  The costumes, the acting -- everything was just...wonderful!  Jennifer Ehle (Elizabeth) is charming and perfect and the performance by Colin Firth will make you want a Mr. Darcy of your own!  I've owned this set of tapes for almost two years now, and have literally watched this series over 50 times!  This story and this movie have become my all-time favorite and have sparked my interest in pursuing a degree in English/Creative Writing.<br />I really am looking forward to the new DVD version that will be released in the U.S. in September.  If this isn't &quot;your thing&quot; or you didn't enjoy the book -- I still encourage you to watch this at least once.  I'm sure you'll become a fan...
B0000024Z7|4.0|&quot;Caravanserai&quot; was a noble effort by Santana to step in the direction of the jazz genre but is largely inconsistent with moments of instrumental brilliance. This is not the Santana of &quot;Evil Ways&quot;, &quot;Jingo Lo Ba&quot;, or &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot;. Rather this is an introspective Carlos Santana with some of the sweetest guitar solos you will ever hear as well as some inspired powerful percussion work. Unfortunately, I found the bursts of creative energy spaced out by some rather tedious, repetitive, predictable, moodiness for which I simply have no patience.         Despite this, some of the music on this recording represents the best of the jazz-fusion era during the seventies. Caravanserai is worth owning if only to hear Carlos Santana's breath taking solo on &quot;Song of the Wind&quot; which is also the most popularly accessible selection on the album. For the most part though I was not &quot;blown away&quot; which appears to be the sentiment of many of the reviewers here. If you want soaring heart rending jazz, listen to Coltrane and Miles. Caravanserai is not in that category.
0679731377|4.0|From the enormous and chaotic tapestry of human history, Barnes opens ten windows and sees what's there. Unifying and conducting the thread are several and unlikely subjects: woodworm, Noah's ark, survival, love, and Man's folly. The chapters are not arranged in any specifical order, chronological or any other. Each one is the snapshot of a particular, relevant or irrelevant moment in mankind's long, convoluted and often tragical history. But each tiny story is told with a great sense of humor. The humor of someone with affection but without delusions about us and our human nature.<br />Noah's Ark travel told by an unlikely passenger; the reaction of a person in front of a terroris attack; the panic of nuclear destruction; religious fanaticism taken to an extreme; etc, each brief moment tells us something about how we are.<br />Oh, and love. The half chapter is a marvelous dissertation on love as a permanent, ambivalent force in history. A masterpiece of monologue, it displays the wit and wisdom of this valuable author. I don't think it exaggerated to say that Barnes's work is a demonstration of literature's always renewable capabilities. His is a literature firmly rooted in the Western tradition, yet possessed with a fresh and humorous look at us humans. Highly recommendable.
6305609705|4.0|Apocalypse Now, which was based on the Joseph Conrad book Heart Of Darkness, is a dark and disturbing look at Vietnam. Martin Sheen gives a excellent performance as a Vietnam soldier sent to take out Colonel Kurtz. Marlon Brando plays Colonel Kurtz in his most powerful role since The Godfather. The cinematography was brilliant and brought Vietnam to life. But, this film has not that much to do with Vietnam like Platoon or Hamburger Hill. It has more to do with the horrors (The Horror... The Horror.) that changed Colonel Kurtz. The Doors made a excellent remix of The End for Apocalypse Now. I suggest everyone that likes Vietnam movies, Francis Ford Coppola, or someone that was accutally there see the redux or see the DVD.
B00000G3PL|4.0|If you want all 4 Lethal Weapon movies conveniently all together in a nice little cardboard box, this is for you.  If you are looking for jam-packed DVDs loaded with extras you may be disapointed somewhat. The first film does have some cool deleted scenes and I believe there is a commentary track as well.  But they get thinner as the movies go along.  <br />Just because DVDs arent 2-disc and loaded with extras doesnt mean they cant be good.  I am very happy with this purchase and think the DVDs are very well done.  Perhaps I am spoiled by the Die Hard Supersized triple pack, and that is why I gave it 4 stars.  One star for each disc.  <br />Overall, this 4 pack is great for the Lethal Weapon fan, but will come up short for the DVD enthusiast who loves massive extras.
068484267X|5.0|This is a marvellous book. I received it as a gift from my friend. I read the first sentence, and suddenly I was captured in one adventure, full of emotion. Frank McCourt really could make the reader visualize the situation at that time, though we understand nothing about Irish history. Nothing about the Great Famine, nothing about the conflict between Catholic and Protestant, nothing about its culture and perspective. We can start from zero, and understand a half of Irish history and culture. <br />This is a very good autobiography. We are trapped in his feeling, a child's view, a child's emotion seeing his mother struggle to live and to earn living for her children amongst the death and the living. A child's perspective toward his brothers' and sister's deaths. A child's acceptance toward a hard life. I don't wonder that this book could receive a pulitzer.
0671027573|3.0|I've read a lot of Linda Howard's  work and this is not her best. It was not as deep and detailed as her past works.  Normally her books are hot and steamy.  This one didn't quite make it.  However, I still love her books and I hope this will be my only disappointment.
B00005B36H|5.0|When it comes to music that messes with your head, the most unique (and greatest) band in the world is Tool, led by music mastermind Maynard James Keenan. Like greatly-produced electronic music, their sound is absolutely flawless, free from all error and leaves you guessing the meaning of the song you're listening to.<br />The band got started in 1992 with &quot;Opiate&quot;, a six-song Ep that offered crunchy guitar riffs, fast drumming, and enraged lyrics. It gave fans a good taste of what was in store for the band in the near future.<br />In 1993, Tool released their first full-length, titled &quot;Undertow&quot;. It featured ten awesome songs from the tortured psyche of Maynard, dealing with alcohol, child abuse, and self-doubt on instant classics such as &quot;Prison Sex&quot; and &quot;Sober&quot;.<br />1996 came along, and with it, Tool's breakthough album, &quot;Aenema&quot;. The band began expanding their sound at extreme lengths while also creating even deeper meanings into even longer songs such as &quot;Stinkfist&quot;, &quot;H.&quot;, &quot;Forty Six &amp; 2&quot;, and one of their best (and longest songs) ever: &quot;Third Eye&quot;, the album's closer.<br />Until now, all Tool fans have been waiting in silence. Waiting for when the band would release their next breakthrough album.<br />Five years have passed. And now, after a long, tedious wait, a new album with a perfectionist's touch is upon us: Lateralus.<br />Anyone who is reading the bad reviews about this album musn't listen to them. They don't know what music truly is and don't understand this band's sound.<br />The songs and lyrics are deeper, longer, and more complex than they ever were before. None of them fail to impress, either, from the headbanger's delight, &quot;The Grudge&quot; to the mysterious, ultra-technical drumming showcase, &quot;Faaip De Oiad (Voices of God)&quot;.<br />Tool has also managed to include a few instrumentals this time around as well, instead of adding boring interludes. Many of these instrumentals are acustic tracks, such as &quot;Eon Blue Apocalypse&quot;, &quot;Parabol&quot;, and &quot;Disposition&quot;. &quot;Triad&quot; is a furious tune that, like &quot;The Grudge&quot;, is another headbanging tune. &quot;Mantra&quot; is a display of eerie, atmospheric moaning that links seamlessly into &quot;Schism&quot;, yet another awesome song.<br />Other honorable tunes: The Patient, Parabola, Ticks and Leeches, the title track, Reflection (a relaxing and experimental tune where the drum sounds like a beach ball bouncing on a table). Actually, every song here is good.<br />Why are you still here? Go out and by this masterpiece, NOW!!!! You won't regret a single second.<br />Welcome back, Maynard and friends. You've released yet another flawless recording that will be remembered for a long time.
B00003CXBK|3.0|If you like deep and complex anime, like me, then this is not your kind of movie. Althogh it has good animation, the story is plain and simple. I think it's a film for a young (15's) audience. If you like realy deep anime better go for AKIRA, NEON GENESIS EVANGELION and  Ghost in the shell.
B000003BF1|5.0|From the first note to the last, this is one of the epochal albums of all rock-and-roll. Every song is its own gem, but all together they make one hell of an experience. 'Monkey Man's frenetic freak-out is just fantastic.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|Comebacks are always dangerous, and the guys hadn't work together since Memorial Beach in 1993, keeping themselves busy with solo careers. But when Minor Earth Major Sky first notes started, I knew they had not lost it.  This is a very cinematographic album, each song telling a new story you can visualize. Same half happy/half sad atmosfeer in the songs, melancholy balanced by humour, bittersweet lyrics sounding sometimes like real poetry. Each song succeeds in creating a little world of its own you can get lost in. No surprise David Lynch thought about using one a-ha song in Twin Peaks once (even if he did not do it). Each a-ha album sounds different from the previous one and MEMS does not make exception. It is more pop than MB was. There is something for every a-ha fan here, whenever you prefer their 80's or their 90's period.  I liked the idea that each of them is involved in the songwriting process. Even if you can clearly point out who wrote each songs (&quot;I wish I cared&quot; reminds of Magne F soundtracks, &quot;Mary Ellen&quot; or &quot;Barely Hanging on&quot; could have been Savoy (Paul W other band) songs, and Morten songs reminds of his solo album &quot;Wild Seed&quot;), and it feels like each of them is looking in a different direction, they made it a real a-ha album, sounding much more united and unified I was expecting it to. Morten's voice still as versatile and powerful.  My personal favourites are &quot;Mary Ellen&quot;, &quot;I wish I cared&quot; (both classics), and &quot;You'll never get over me&quot;. Good to know: &quot;Velvet&quot; is on Liv Tyler &quot;One night at Mc Cools&quot; movie soundtrack. &quot;East Of the sun&quot; remain my favourite a-ha album, but this one sounds like an great transition from the solo period to a new era as a band. Can't wait for the next one...
B00005BJC7|5.0|I am a huge fan of Radiohead and have almost wrecked OK Computer and Kid A with overuse. I'd heard a few songs from the album (like what was then known as 'the egyptian song') and it sounded great. When I saw the interesting book/cd cover I thought wow and bought it eagerly. From the opening bars of 'Packt Like Sardines In A Crushd Tin Box' to Humphrey 'Legend' Lyttleton's trumpet on 'Life In A Glasshouse' I was blown away.<br />The albums high points are 'I Might Be Wrong', 'Dollars And Cents' and 'You And Whose Army'. This album has some of the most interesting lyrics i've ever heard (so knives out, catch the mouse, don't look down, stick it in your mouth?????). Many critics say they should bring out another album like OK Computer but the way Radiohead are exploring new stuff and still bringing out awesome songs is incredible.<br />Another amazing album proving what the British music industry should be bringing out not the mindless pap that is always at the top of the charts (you know who you are Atomic Kitten, covering a Bangles song???? Oh My Gawd). Thankyou Radiohead.
B00005M989|3.0|The Hits/B Sides covered Prince's last years's on Warner Brothers, but this odd release focuses on 1979-1991 only. The idea is to cover his biggest crossover Pop Top 40 hits. No album cuts and if an album didn't have a Top 40 single (Like Controversy or Dirty Mind) it was skipped. So, while it's missing 4 Top 10's from this period: Batdance, Pop Life, I Could Never Take The Place Of Your Man and Delirious, all 4 of those are the least played of Prince's Top 10's. As for the inclusion of the Top 30 Money Don't Matter Tonight, well it's a great song that the compilers must have thought deserved a second chance. But at 73 minutes Warner had time to squeeze in the under 3 minute &quot;Delirious&quot;, especially considering that the versions of When Doves Cry and 1999 are the single edits. And that's the rub of this whole set. Using single edits (when they had time for the album length versions), no liner notes, no alternate takes and live cuts to entice the Prince collector and cutting off the whole affair in 1991, when The Hits/B Sides didn't, makes for a compilation that can only be recommended for those who are skeptical of Prince and need a reason to take a chance. Nice cover photos, though. For Prince Newbies Only.
B00005BJPO|4.0|being a big fan of this movie. I've been waiting for the dvd realease for like 3 years. this movie is THE anime moive! but I was disapointed with the dialogue much was changed from the original. they used new voice actors for the new version which I didn't mind so much but when your favorite lines come up and you say them then they say some thing completely different it bummed me out. but all in all this movie is a must have for all anime fans.
6302968143|5.0|I love this movie I have watched it a least two times a year since it came out. My mom and I decorate our house like the houses of Salem. I've even complemplated being the witches with my two sisters. This is the one movie that I need to get a new copy of I've worn out my old one I just got like three years ago. If you like haloween movies that won't scare you to death and you can watch with your kids (at any age) this is the perfect movie to watch just before halloween. I like it so much I've even watched it in Febuary.
0780625129|5.0|American History X was an amazing film, one I think may be Edward Norton's best.  He portrays a neo-nazi skinhead by the name of Derek Vineyard, who is sent to jail after commiting the murders of 2 African-American men.  While in jail, his younger brother Danny, played by young star Edward Furlong, starts to follow in his footsteps, and joins the same skinhead group he was in.  As he becomes free, Derek does everything in his power to keep his brother from his old lifestyle.  This movie also provides moviegoers with a chance to once again see Stacy Keach as Derek's former skinhead leader Cameron.  American History X is also the best performance from Edward Furlong I believe since Terminator 2: Judgement Day.  It was a very edgy, blunt movie but a masterpiece as well.
0441008356|1.0|This is one I thought I`d like a lot. I didn't. Confusing, wandering, promising much more than it delivered, what this book needed was a decent editor. It's also full of cynical, monomanical characters and too-cute-for-words dialogue (a regretable trend in much sci-fi these days). The ending is merely silly. Where are you Vernor Vinge?
B000002VCW|5.0|Seeing reviews of Al Stewart by others who are passionate about his music, either positive or negative, makes me happy and sad.  Happy to know there are others who treasure him as I do and sad to see that others feel his work is weak and inspid.  I have loved &quot;Year of The Cat&quot; since I found the album in a store, since I always looked for his work.  When I later heard it on the radio in a store I was astounded that he had made it to airplay and thrilled that I would be able to find others who were familiar with him.  As a singer/songwriter, I have always marveled at the way he mines history and introduces us to facets of it we never learned in school.  One of my proudest accomplishments was once playing a concert at the &quot;Taste of Minnesota&quot; where I was nearly drowned out by his concert up the hill at the main stage.  I got to see the evening show, and talked to Peter White afterwards and laughed at the story, telling him it really was an honor to be playing to the same air as Al.  I would never have known about Lord Grenville at all if not for his willingness to tackle this difficult sort of songwriting and I'm sad that he has not only labored so many years in relative obscurity, playing small venues with such great lyrics and melodies, but also that he can be attacked for giving all he had to achieve some deeper quality than most of what we all call popular music.
B00005A0V0|5.0|Most Caravan fans already agree that this is a fantastic album and  possibly their best work.  I totally agree, and it is one of my most played cds over the years.  Now Decca has released a remastered version that is absolutely beautiful in sound quality, not to mention over one half hour of bonus tracks.  The original cd does not have bad sound quality, which might make some fans reluctant to upgrade.  However, the sound on this version is incredible and a must for at least all Caravan fans, even if you already have the earlier one.  The bonus tracks are great and also in excellent sound.  There are alternate versions including Golf Girl with different lyrics.  There is also some previously unreleased material.  Needless to say, with all of these credits, it was well worth the money from Amazon.  One of the best, got even better.  Fans of early Genesis not familiar with Caravan, may be pleasantly surprised.
B00005LKHW|1.0|This movie is funny.  I like it.  But shady business practices like this are exactly the reason I rarely buy DVDs - asking fans to pony up twice for the same film in the space of a couple years is an insult.  I will pay for this film 0 times, give Blockbuster my business, laugh at the movie again, watch the special features, then return it.<br />Can't wait for the 3-disc set!  I will rent that at Blockbuster too!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Excellent album by an excellent group.  The insight shown by one of Punk's true anthems--London Calling is a fantastic experiment of echo's, emotions, and power; and its only the first cut.  Add into the mix the Clash &quot;hits&quot; like Train In Vain, Rudie Can't Fail, Clampdown, and Guns of Brixton and you have a powerful piece of work.  The best moments on this CD are perhaps the unhearalded ones.  Jimmy Jazz, Wrong 'Em Boyo, Koka Kola, and Death or Glory still rank as among the best of the group's all-too-short history.  Its hard to believe how much impact these songs have after all these years, but they are very tight, very relevant, and very enjoyable.<br />Plus, if that is not the GREATEST cover in the world, I really don't know what is.  The Clash are pure, angst-driven, powerful  rock at its finest.  Buy it now and enjoy!
B00005ATQF|4.0|I have to agree with many of the more thoughtful reviewers that Kubrick seemed to lose the edge in the 'Nam section.  The first part has everything you could ask for (even sex, in it's many varieties, according to Gunnery Sgt. Hartman) but once the 1st half climax leaves you wondering what could possibly top it, the actual combat seems stilted and badly acted.  It does not feel like a Kubrick film once they're &quot;in country&quot; although Michael Herr (who also wrote DISPATCHES) tries hard to give the script some authenticity.  It's way too quiet during battle scenes and some of the dialogue is atrociously banal.  I also think the gratuitous blood spurts from the grunts who are shot up by the sniper took the admiration out of this film.  Of course, this may be the point of the whole exercise here but on the whole I believe this may be just a flawed masterpiece but definitely not one of his top films.  Anyone who has endured bootcamp and come out of it a bit more mature (if not jaded) can admire and yes, respect Kubrick's vision but the boring 2nd half of this movie does not redeem it.  Sorry but Kubrick's BEST war movies are still PATHS OF GLORY and DR. STRANGELOVE.
0767825411|1.0|This is a review for the VHS version of the film, which is why I gave it only 1 star. I love this movie, being turned on to it as a small kid and always making sure it was in my collection somehow. I bought this tape version before I got a DVD player, and was horrified at the way it was produced. The biggest problem is the pan and scan. Usually in a film it isnt that apparant where the scanning took place, but here the entire movie shifts as the tape struggles to show you everything on film. It's a jarring effect and takes away from the film completely. If you need this great movie, either by the original release or get the DVD. The DVD is the only way to relieve this awesome film.
B000002H6C|4.0|i've given this cd 4 stars, mainly because i can appreciate the turmoil metallica must have been in, due to Cliff Burton's death (hence the raw anger purveyed on much of this cd, and the underemployed bass), and i have read the lyrics, so i know it is not a case of teen angst at all, but about abuse of power. <br />this doesn't make it a &quot;great&quot; album though. there are few discernible tunes here, as thrash meets prog wth some very awkward, mixed results. this is the sort of thing Tool do so well, taking a song and twisting it, with clever tempo changes and reliance on loud/soft, overlapping textures. but these guys aren't half as subtle.hetfield, as a vocalist, roars a lot. he's angry. we get it. but this doesn't make for great listening. Ride the lightning and master of puppets will be looked back on as classics and rightly so. they were powerful but melodic, with simple structures put together with one or two solos to create epic music- EVERYTHING FITTED.<br /> Here everything does not fit. Ulrich sounds troubled when doing anything other than keeping a straight beat, and hetfield's vocals are not versatile enough. this sounds like a band in decay, since the speed is there, but is without the adrenaline. this is a robotic album, dry, harsh, and though compelling, groundbreaking at the time, it is not earcandy. yet it is still a great album, and i can't put my finger on why. it is one of metallica's darker albums (the rest are hardly britney!) and the overbearing mood of doom is brought through in both the lyrics and the music, which balance the epic subject matter. never has such a bleak world view been put to such fitting style of music- cold, dry, emotionless and destructive<br />A more complicated topic, so more complicated music? possibly. the album takes you to places in your mind's recesses, where it is uncomfortable to go, but the experience makes me feel stronger each listen- you can definitely sit through this album on one sitting if you have anattention span. from the speedy Blackened, through One, Harvester of Sorrow and other \underrated gems, this album is at least consistent, and i for one love it. but those who don't &quot;get it&quot; are gonna be scratching their heads- there's no &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; here. thank god metallica lightened up a bit after this, because they'd backed themselves into a corner here. you can only snarl and look hard for so long. which perhaps sums up the album- a band in need of change, going slightly stale, but still serving up great songs, as they are on a different plane to other metal bands. puts Slipknot to shame in the anger stakes- hetfield doesn't need to screal either. Get it.
B00000DLUV|3.0|This recording is good, but some of the offerings are a tad disappointing.  The sound of the originals seems to be missing, replaced by slightly updated versions.  I guess this is one of the drawbacks to &quot;live&quot; recordings, but still...it is disappointing.
B00003CXN4|1.0|Traffic proves conclusively that the &quot;the war on drugs&quot; is alive and well and playing at a theater near you. This stunning artistic achievement has been endorsed by members of the US senate, the motion picture academy and the nation's movie critics. What more validating acclaim do you need to see this film over and over, and believe everything that it puts forth? Well, I'll give you some more reasons to believe: 10) Candy colors help the medicine go down. 9) Being part of the La Jolla gentry and being a ruthless drug baron go hand in hand. 8) The ends justify the means. 7) If we would just listen to our children they would never even think about smoking crack. 6) Mexico is more corrupt than the US. 5) Drug czars, Hollywood filmmakers and DEA agents are motivated by the noblest of intentions. 4) People from the ghetto really are responsible for corrupting innocent rich white girls. 3) The use of different types of film stocks, hand held camerawork, the narrative &quot;jigsaw&quot; technique and political cameos mean great art (but only when respectable directors do it in the service of a higher cause). 2) No one in this film ever suggested that the US army start spraying paraquat on tobacco fields in North Carolina or start bombing distilleries in Kentucky. 1) Catherine Zeta-Jones really can act her way out of a wet paper bag.
B0000024K1|5.0|If anybody has anything bad to say about hip-hop, play them this album. Chuck D., Flava Flav, and Terminator X proved that hip-hop could be meaningful and intelligent. Chuck D.'s rhymes are classic, Flava Flav is at his comic best, and the cuts by Terminator X are top-notch. &quot;Night Of The Living Baseheads&quot; is one of the best anti-drug songs ever, &quot;Bring The Noise&quot; and &quot;Rebel Without A Pause&quot; will get you up out of your seat, &quot;She Watch Channel Zero&quot; is a great commentary track on the downside of television and perfectly fuses rap and rock, and &quot;Black Steel...&quot; is an intense story track. The production by the Bomb Squad is raw, loud, and brilliant. Get this album NOW! Even if you don't like hip-hop. This is one of the greatest albums ever made PERIOD!
B00005B36H|2.0|Well, I know that there are the Tool fanatics who say that this is a \\"masterpiece\\" and \\"the greatest album of all time\\".  I'm sorry, but this album isn't even close.  Don't get me wrong, I really wanted it to be.  The five years of waiting; listening to the real masterpiece, Aenima, over and over; I really hoped that Tool would come out with the huge savior of rock that we have all waited and anticipated for so long.  But, unfortunately, it didn't deliver.  Tool just got a little to experimental, artsy, and out-there for their own good, and the album suffers for it.  I know that it is ment to be an \\"experience\\" and \\"conceptual... telling a story\\", and that's great and all, but I want some music in with all that too.  The album is just a little to monotinous and sketchy.  We all need to step back and realized that we are making a \\"rock\\" album here.  That doesn't mean a minute of heaviness, and then four of the same goddamn guitar riff over and over.  Every song on this album sounds exactly the same.  It just tries my patience.  I can deal with a little of the mood effects, but this is just too much.  It makes it sound like one of those mood albums that you listen to too fall asleep.  I don't want relax while listening to this.  If I wanted that, I can go listen too Enya or some [stuff] like that.  It was a good effort, but Tool just came up short with this one.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Loved the cd! It's about time that folk and real country get a little bit of media attention. Hope to see similiar collections in the future.
B000002MG1|2.0|I've been reading the reviews and in my opinion this album seems to have been elevated to god-like status from some reason.<br />This album is full of filler and I would place it well behind Reckoning, Fables, and Document.  Hell, even 'Chronic Town'is better, and that was only an EP.<br />REM were a great band in the early 80's, but sadly since 'Green' they have went drastically downhill.  Instead of being Leaders they are now just followers.  There drive to make exciting new music and the pattern starting with Out Of Time has sadly continued.<br />It's a shame realley!!
B000002L9B|3.0|Although one of the earlier albums I bought, there's not much here that pulls me to the side. &quot;Girls &amp; Boys&quot; and &quot;Anotherloverholenyohead&quot; are my favorites, but aside from that, everything else here sounds promo, which is not a bad thing. Super soundtrack to listen to after you've just watched the movie, but an o.k. album to listen to on its own.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I saw this movie New Year's Eve and thought to myself that I had to get the soundtrack if for nothing more than &quot;I Am a Man of Constant Sorrow.&quot;  I am often disappointed by soundtracks but this one is not a disappointment.  If you buy the CD, you'll recognize just about all the tracks from the film and you won't find yourself wondering about this one song that you heard that isn't on there.  The music is great and it will remind you of the great scenes from the movie; some songs have a country flavor, others, folk.  If you liked the movie, I recommend this CD.
B000002N1E|4.0|Those NPG Operators are annoying--in terms of tracks. On the surface they help the flow, although the album could have done without them. Aside from that, this probably is the most &quot;cooperative&quot; album probably since 1987. All the songs work together here, from beginning to end. My favorite song from the album is &quot;I Hate U&quot;. Other hit songs include &quot;Shhh&quot;, &quot;P. Control&quot; and &quot;319&quot;. Even the alternate version of &quot;The Most Beautiful Girl In The World&quot;fits perfectly here. This is an experience you don't want to miss!
B00000JHAU|3.0|I really like this one, but it doesn't measure up to the absolute perfection of &quot;Fold Your Hands Child...&quot;. However a great buy if you are hungry for the sound.
B000002B7O|3.0|I don't get why everyone loves this album so much. I love Ozzy, but this album is not one of his best. First of all, as good as Ozzy's solo work is, it never could match the classic Sabbath material. Also, if you want to here Randy Rhoads in top form, you should listen to &quot;Tribute&quot;. His work on this is good, but &quot;Tribute&quot; is a much better display of his abilities. Hearing him blast through Sabbath classics like &quot;Paranoid&quot; is simply unbelievable. If you want to here Ozzy at his best, listen to classic Sabbath or &quot;Blizzard Of Ozz&quot;. The only real stand out on this cd is &quot;Over The Mountain&quot;, and even that can't compare to a lot of Ozzy's other work. This album is good, but it's not great.
0783228457|5.0|I have owed a VHS copy of VIDEODROME for years.  It is an extremely creepy, atmospheric movie.  James Woods, as always, is amazing.  Debbie Harry is actually pretty good, considering this was her first major motion picture.  The soundtrack is good too! The reason I won't buy this on DVD is because it would go against everything the movie is about (what is it about?).  Just keep in mind that this movie was made during the advent of home video (i.e. VHS &amp; Beta). Fin.
B000002B7O|3.0|I don't get why everyone loves this album so much. I love Ozzy, but this album is not one of his best. First of all, as good as Ozzy's solo work is, it never could match the classic Sabbath material. Also, if you want to here Randy Rhoads in top form, you should listen to &quot;Tribute&quot;. His work on this is good, but &quot;Tribute&quot; is a much better display of his abilities. Hearing him blast through Sabbath classics like &quot;Paranoid&quot; is simply unbelievable. If you want to here Ozzy at his best, listen to classic Sabbath or &quot;Blizzard Of Ozz&quot;. The only real stand out on this cd is &quot;Over The Mountain&quot;, and even that can't compare to a lot of Ozzy's other work. This album is good, but it's not great.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|this cd is cool. christina has done it again, this cd is great and better than an average chrismas cd. not all songs on this album are &quot;old&quot;, there are a few new tracks. <br />one thing, you might feel that the redone chrismas songs sound funny beacause i few words have been replaced just as some of the songs are redone. but it's not bad at all this cd is a more fun thing to listen to when it comes to chrismas songs.<br />this cd comes with a music video from one of the chrismas songs on this album. <br />great music not all the same. this cd doesn't sound so much like a chrismas cd if you listen to the music on a few tracks, this cd has pop, blues, and somewhat other. <br />you must have this because christina aguilera has done alot of great work on this cd and is one of the few good chrismas cd's.
B000009QPE|5.0|This album is undeniably Slayer's masterpiece. The lightening pace of this album never lets up. The only eighties metal album that could possibly match Slayer's all-out audio assault is Metallica's &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;. This is Slayer's only truely great work, but it certainly is a masterpiece. If you buy one Slayer album, then this is the one to get. Don't listen to the critics that argue for &quot;Hell Awaits&quot; or any other Slayer album for that matter. This is eighties thrash perfection.
B000003N89|5.0|The young and talented Diana Krall really comes into her own with this Grammy-nominated album, a tribute to the Nat King Cole Trio.  The album contains ballads (the lovely and sad &quot;Boulevard of Broken Dreams&quot;) and another version of the catchy (I dare you not to sing it!) &quot;Frim Fram Sauce,&quot; which Krall recorded in a much slower version on an earlier album.  Two other uptempo tunes deserve mention:  the flamboyant &quot;Hit that Jive, Jack&quot; with its catchy, jittery rhythms, and &quot;I'm an Errand Girl for Rhythm&quot; with its natty piano bridge.<br />Krall is quickly becoming a vocalist to contend with, as versatile as other singers in her age range such as Jane Monheit or Madelaine Peyroux.  And if that isn't enough, she's a gifted jazz pianist to boot.  There isn't a misstep in song selection or performance on this album.  A must-have for anyone interested in jazz vocals, piano jazz or general jazz aficionados.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|Slipknot is without a doubt one of the greatest metal acts to release an album in the past 5 years . This album sounds like a child having a tantrum just a massive release of energy all at once . Sure it has its lulls like '74267000027' , 'Wait And Bleed' , and 'Frail Limb Nursery', but no child can throw a 41 minute tantrum without catching its breath a few times . <br />Corey Taylor's amazing vocal range also gives this album a distinct sound . While many bands have used the whisper to scream technique . No one quite nails it like Corey . Tracks like 'Eyeless' , 'Wait And Bleed' , 'Spit It Out' , and 'Purity' show just how much of a vocal range he has . <br />As a whole this album is amazing and tells a tale of anger , pain , and hate . A modern metal masterpiece for the Anti-Mtv crowd .
B00005A1VH|5.0|Gary Cooper was 40 years old when he made &quot;Sergeant York,&quot; and his Southern accent is weak at best, but those things do not end up detracting all that much from his performance or this film.  Directed in 1941 by Howard Hawks, &quot;Sergeant York&quot; has strong propagandistic elements.  A whiskey-drinking hell-raiser, Alvin C. York undergoes a religious conversation when lighting strikes his gun and almost kills him.  His goal in life becomes getting himself a piece of bottom land so he can propose to Gracie Williams (Joan Leslie).  Things go against him, but Alvin holds his temper and does what the Good Book tell him to do.  Then World War I breaks out and Alvin is drafted.  Unable to get status as a conscientious objector because of his religious beliefs, Alvin has to come to terms with the obligations of citizenship versus the dictates of scripture.  The film is surprisingly even handed in showing Alvin debating the matter with his superiors.  In the end he comes to the only conclusion possible for men of conscience forced to go to war: killing is justified to save lives.<br />On the Argonne Forest battlefield Alvin, made a corporal because of his marksmanship, becomes a hero when his unit is trapped and he single-handedly kills 25 and captures 132 prisoners.  Called the &quot;greatest civilian solider of the war&quot; by General Pershing, York received the Medal of Honor, France's Croix de Guerre, and basically every high medal the Allies could bestow upon him.  But while the film does a first-rate job of showing York's heroic exploits, ultimately it is more about the man that the solider.  Cooper's sense of dignity is well-suited to the role, which gives more weight to York's life in the hills of Tennessee than to the war in Europe.  What he learned back home clearly stands Alvin in good stead on the battlefield.<br />The supporting cast of &quot;Sergeant York&quot; is truly outstanding, with George Tobias as &quot;Pusher&quot; Ross, Ward Bond as Ike Botkin and Robert Porterfield as Zeb Andrews.  Both Walter Brennan as Pastor Rosier Pile and Margaret Wycherly as Mother York received well deserved Oscar nominations in the supporting category.  Brennan marvelously underplays his role as Alvin's spiritual leader while Wycherly is simply the anchor for the entire film.  Mother York says little and moves slowly, but everything comes out through her eyes.  The scene where Alvin finally gets home from the war and sees his mother at the train station is especially touching: his face lights up completely and her &quot;I'm right glad to see you, son&quot; is the equivalent of other people crying and screaming for joy.  In addition to Cooper winning his first Oscar as Best Actor, William Holmes receives one for Film Editing.  This is one of those movies I never get tired of seeing and it remains the ideal film to watch on Memorial Day.Botkin and Robert Porterfield as Zeb Andrews.  Both Walter Brennan as Pastor Rosier Pile and Margaret Wycherly as Mother York received well deserved Oscar nominations in the supporting category.  Brennan marvelously underplays his role as Alvin's spiritual leader while Wycherly is simply the anchor for the entire film.  Mother York says little and moves slowly, but everything comes out through her eyes.  The scene where Alvin finally gets home from the war and sees his mother at the train station is especially touching: his face lights up completely and her &quot;I'm right glad to see you, son&quot; is the equivalent of other people crying and screaming for joy.  In addition to Cooper winning his first Oscar as Best Actor, William Holmes receives one for Film Editing.  This is one of those movies I never get tired of seeing and it remains the ideal film to watch on Memorial Day.
B000050FEN|5.0|Just a great DVD.  Even though Morgan Freeman can ramble a bit during the commentary, it is so insightful that you find yourself listening, rather than watching.  An excellent buy and a must have for any DVD collection.
6305252521|5.0|What a wonderful motion picture! The Truman Show is a truly memorable movie that straight after viewing, you will want to rewind the tape and watch it all over again. I have watched The Truman Show 3 times now and every time I watch it I spot something different and understand the bits I didn't quite click with before. Even if it was only released in 1998, The Truman Show is going to be a sure-fire classic with the power of longevity. Jim Carrey is stupendous in his best role yet. His character provides comedy Truman starts to crack Jim gives to us what is surely one of the best dramatic male performances of the 1990's. Hooray to the Golden Globes for recognising his performance! Laura Linney is also fabulous in a cheesy, intriguing role as Truman's wife. The Truman Show's script is absolutely brilliant in all manners. It's original, funny, scientific, full of human exploration and totally comfortable with what it's achieving. The direction is focused, the story is endlessly interesting and the plot leads to some of the most daringly amazing situations a human could ever have. A mature movie that mixes all genres together, (think comedy, sci-fi, fantasy, drama, escape...) The Truman Show is the best movie of 1998.
B00005M989|5.0|This album is one of the best on the shelves.  Many people say that Prince is a vulgar and disgustiong artist who uses his music to exploit [...].  Well i am here to say that you are wrong.  Prince is a musical genious, JUST LISTEN to the way he plays his guitar he has a god given gift.  \\"Kiss\\", \\"get off\\", \\"Rasberry Berret\\" all of them are incredible hits and i think aby loud mouths critics who think ill of Prince should shove it.
B0000542DJ|5.0|The sound is great &amp; I love the bonus material!  I can't believe how many educated people even think this film holds no merit with all the inconsistencies shown in the investigation.  This film is supposed to make you think &amp; it does so &amp; then some.  Some people say they're interested, but don't like three hour movies.  I think EVERY American should have to watch this film.  Its message is SO important!  SOME of it may be hypothetical, but not all of it is!  Ever since I watched this film back in '92, I've done a lot of reading about the case &amp; a lot more of this film is true than it's given credit for!  Even if you don't want to buy it as we did, PLEASE SEE THIS FILM!!  IT'S SO VERY CRITICAL THAT WE KNOW WHAT REALLY HAPPENED!!  Be open-minded enough to at least accept that there were a LOT of strange and unexplained events surrounding the assassination &amp; that the official verdict isn't the real thing!
B000002JNN|1.0|I had enough from AC/DC !!! I bought album after album by them, my favourite band. Then I had to see the band choose a complete uncapable singer (in terms of voice, not live performance) to replace Bon SCott. I managed to handle it, with the great BACK IN BLACK and the very good FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK. Then I had to testify the total loss of reativity from the band, to hera Johnson writing the worst lyrics I can remember in my entire life and the music going nowhere.
B00004YKSD|4.0|this movie made a Doors fan of me &amp; the new edition has lots of extras &amp; 5.1 sound.  I think Oliver Stone did a wonderful job for the most part with this movie; looks so realistic which I think was one of the great things about this &amp; JFK.  Val Kilmer gives the performance of his career &amp; I think the whole cast was great.
B00004Z459|5.0|The two singers combined, the awesome and deep lyrics, the great beats, the fantastic DJ makes HT an umbelivable album. It's hard to find an LP with all good songs and hybrid theory definetly has all excellent songs, one of my favourites are In the end (best album song however if you are a heavy metal fan you'll prefer others), points of authority, papercut and crawling. I can say is the best cd I own and the best I've listened to. What are you waiting to buy it!!!!!!!?????
B00004ZESV|1.0|This audio track on the DVD is mono.  The audio quality is not much better than that of a cheap clock radio.   Video is 4:3 (non-widescreen)<br />Don't pay more than $6 for this.
0767849493|5.0|Dogma is a GREAT movie!!! It is hilarious and great for all ages that are allowed to hear rough language (there is a lot!!). I totally recommend this movie for anyone!!! Great actors and actresses and a great time!!
B00003CXS4|4.0|If you have seen Guy Ritchie's first feature, Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels, you know that he has a very unique and refreshing style of movie-making.  Like LS&amp;TSB, Snatch is basically the story of several groups of bungling underworld characters whose stories intermingle in several different ways.  Without giving too much away, it basically revolves around a diamond and illegal underground boxing.<br />But the thing that makes this movie great is the fact the style.  Ritchie manages to take several storylines and intermingle them flawlessly.  Any other director would just confuse the audience, but Ritchie's gritty, yet stylish editing keeps you laughing AND following the story, all at once.<br />The characters are all funny and well-developed.  And especially look at Brad Pitt's performance, easily one of his best (and funniest).  And this, like LS&amp;TSB is a movie you will have to see several times just to pick up on all the little nuances and dialogue you missed the previous times.<br />The only reason I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because as good as it is, it is not as &quot;fresh&quot; as LS&amp;TSB.  Still, it is very highly recommended.
B00000IMCW|4.0|This film is the sequel to Night of the Living Dead.The central characters are three men and one women who try to escape from man eating corpses.As a horror film,it's a masterpiece, but if you have a weak stomach avoid this one.
B00005N5S5|5.0|The Terminator is, by most accounts, one of the true sci-fi classics of all time.  Even going by dated 1984 effects, this is the true affecionado's movie, whether you like action movies or sci-fi movies.  The story of a cyborg killer versus his human targets is the classic case of good vs. evil.  But this time, the twist is the evil is not evil but just &quot;mindless.&quot;  The killer just plows through everything and everyone to get to his target.  And the targets cause a bit of damage themselves trying to get away.  Even though you know how the story will eventually end (there are no real plot twists), the action will keep you gripping at the edge of your seat from the very beginning to the very end.<br />This is a classic movie that belongs in every movie fan's collection.
B00003CXCQ|1.0|DISNEY has finally come to their senses!!!  I am an avid DVD collector (200+) and I do not own a single Disney-animated DVD.  Why?  For years, people have been begging Disney to put their massive catalog on DVD.  Disney obliged and the resulting DVDs were horrible- nothing more than inadequate upgrades from their previous VHS format.  Simply put, their presentation in the ever-so-popular DVD format was RIDICULOUSLY skimpy (in terms of bonus features)!!!  Do you remember the 9-DVD box set they put out in 1999 for $300?  They called it &quot;The Classic Disney DVD Collector's Set!&quot;  HA!!  It was a box of tripe!  The box was anything BUT \\"classic.\\"  It included none of the memorable DVDs of days gone by.   FAST FORWARD 2 YEARS...they have sold millions of &quot;bare-bone&quot; DVDs and now are re-re-re-re-re-releasing them to the public...in a format they should've been in initially!  Either Disney purposely planned to MILK MILLIONS from their customer base or someone threw a brick upside their heads- finally making them comes to their senses.  Whatever the case, the latter case being said in EXTREME sarcasm, Disney is finally starting to release QUALITY DVDs.<br />The PLATINUM 2-DISC edition of Snow White is a must have for everyone.  The picture and sound on both discs are flawless.  The sound on each disc is THX certified and has been remixed in Dolby Digital 5.1 (English &amp; French).  Also, BOTH DISCS have a truckload of features including rare newsreel footage from the premiere, an insightful look at the restoration process, archaic featurettes and original trailers!  WAY TO GO DISNEY!  This set is truly worth every penny!  My only hope is that Disney will continue to do this with future titles and re-re-re-re-re-release all of the classics (The Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, Sleeping Beauty, etc.).  PRE-ORDER/BUY THIS TODAY!!!
0812550706|3.0|I was new to sci-fi books when I picked up Ender's Game.  It came highly recommended by friends who had also recommended books like the Rama series by Aurther C Clarke.<br />Ender's Game was fair.  The ending was unpredictable but also a big let down.  I won't spoil it for you, but the entire book prepares you for this big battle with the aliens and never quite delivers.
0898159156|5.0|The book is outstanding. It covers most types of carnivorous plants, and has many excellent color photos. It has a section on how to grow & care for each type of plant. From pot size, soil, light, humidity, fertilizers, growing period and more.<br />A very minor negative - some additional information would have been useful. I wish it had a little more information on the optimal pot size for the plants, some have this info, some don't.  And don't expect it to have every complex Sarracenia Hybrid covered, although it does have a lot of them.<br />Ive read many books on CPs published in the last 50-60 years, and this one covers more, provides more info, and has better pictures. This deserves 5 stars, unlike the typically inflated rating. I use it to research any plants I consider buying. If you're interested in CPs this book would be worth buying. It's a steal at its current price....<br />Do a net search for Orgel Bramblett of Orgels Orchids in FLA to find another excellent source of CPs.
B000001Y5J|4.0|Broken is an album that you should have in your NIN collection; otherwise your in some big trouble. Put with angst-filled industrial, and the least attention-span NIN album, it makes it the funnest. Even though I prefer Fixed and the Fragile. This is used as the same price as those *sound savers* logo thingies, so you should have no problem finding something that'll satisfy you. Must-buy for a NIN fan.<br />The best thing about this is, you see a broken relationship, something that fits perfectly with the album. Actually, all NIN is about a broken form of relationship.<br />&quot;Last&quot; is an amazing, powerful track, that has alright songwriting. &quot;Wish&quot; is also a very fun song for if you're not yet angry. &quot;Happiness in Slavery&quot; shows a great example of industrial on this album.<br />Though it may not be Ministry, maybe I'm putting all the focus to the craziness of this album. Or maybe 'cuz the first time I heard it I got tired, and as soon as it went track 4 to 5, I suddenly got scared. I do wish I knew about earlier artists' music, so don't crucify me for that. <br />Those last two tracks aren't nearly as good, but alright. Maybe I just gotta learn the NIN music more.
6302641888|5.0|PERSONA is everything a film should be - visually groundbreaking, thematically complex, and a deeply involving emotional experience.  The plot is almost laughably simple: A famous stage actress, Elisabeth Vogler (Liv Ullmann) appears to have a nervous breakdown.  Unwilling to speak or even interact with others, she is sent to recuperate at the seaside home of her doctor in the care of a young nurse, Sister Alma (Bibi Andersson).  Over time, the talkative Alma becomes more and more obsessed with her famous patient, and resorts to emotional blackmail and even violence in her attempts to force Elisabeth to communicate with her.  Ultimately, the two women's identities seem to blur into one.  Driven nearly insane by her relationship with Elisabeth, Alma leaves her service.  It is impossible to overstate how complicated a viewing experience PERSONA is for the uninitiated spectator.  Both of the lead actresses are phenomenal.  Liv Ullmann delivers one of the most nuanced and complex cinematic performances in existence, despite having no more than one line of dialogue (or possibly two).  Bibi Andersson's interpretation of Alma is equally stunning - cool, calm and professional at first, then slowly descending into a whirlpool of self-doubt and then madness.  Characteristic of this film is its ambiguity - the viewer is forced think for themselves about the meaning of events and individual sequences, rather than being spoon-fed a series of definitive images, as in Hollywood movies.  Is Elisabeth actually ill, or is she merely selfish, acting yet another role to manipulate those around her?  Is Alma's mental breakdown the result of Elisabeth's treatment of her, or does she bring it on herself by using Elisabeth as a blank screen on which she projects her own fantasies?  The emotional and intellectual themes of the film - what is identity and how do other people play a role in our construction of our own personalities? - are perfectly balanced by an extraordinary cinematic stylewhich foregrounds the illusory nature of the &quot;actions&quot; taking place in front of us.  Beginning with its opening montage, PERSONA explicitly reminds the viewer of its status as a fiction, and of the material process which transforms a set of still pictures into shadows with the illusion of life.  Within the body of the main narrative, certain sequences (such as Elisabeth's midnight visit to Alma's room) are structured so that we are unsure whether what we are watching is &quot;real&quot; or merely an hallucination on Alma's part - indeed, the entire last half of the film may be no more than Sister Alma's fantasies, but then again...PERSONA'S mystery and meaning are best expressed in an astonishing shot within the opening montage - a boy interrupts his reading and reaches towards the camera/audience.  A cut reverses the perspective, and we see the boy extending his arm to caress what seems to be a huge screen, on which colossal images of Andersson and Ullmann's faces appear, merge with one another, and disappear.  In this single sequence, Bergman amalgamates Woman and the Screen of the cinema, and the child seeking the embrace of the mother with the cinema audience.  PERSONA is one of the most unusual, even philosophical films ever made and it will certainly haunt your dreams as it haunts mine.
B000003TAW|5.0|This album was so well-done, I questioned myself if I should spot this album in that position. Rivers, on this album, is having a lot of geek-rock fun, even with the singles, made it obvious he'd make a classic. This is even a little better than Pinkerton or green.<br />THe leading track,\\"My Name is Jonas\\" is a fun one and has the style of the album. I like this too much to make a helpful review, but this is 1994's most original! Any geeks who like imitating about it must buy it!
B00005ASIL|3.0|- 11 of 12 songs from Original Masters are inlcuded. - 17 of its 20 songs are contained on The Anniversary Collection (which is in my opinion a much better choice) - It has: one song from year 95, three from the 80's and the rest is below 79. Half of the songs are from year 72 and before.<br />This selection doesn't show anything new compared to previous ones, the most recent work is not here as stated above. The songs are great of course, because it's such a great band, but I don't see the point of this release.
B0000028UK|2.0|I usually like PJ. This is so forgettable, I have forgotten which tracks are which. I liked Ten, as it had the more memorable songs. But this? It's more filler, which has four good songs, the rest being forgettable. &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot; happens to be my favorite of the tracks on this album, giving it the credit. &quot;Daugher&quot; is one of the other good songs, and these two were the only ones good enough for that extra star. But they did prove me that they could do better. My one-star is saved for No Code, despite a cool album cover.<br />Back to Vs. this album is for hard-core PJ fans/grunge fans or people who like attention span music. Not that I don't listen to attention span music, but I just didn't like it. Look at the other reviews, you'll prolly agree with those.
B00005M989|2.0|If this is what record companies think are Prince's &quot;best&quot; no wonder why artists are always holding press conferences, demanding more control of their work. No wonder why most music on the radio seems like it was created on an assembly line. Of course, these are all classic songs, but they're not the BEST. For Time-Warner, they have essentially confined Prince's best to what made them the most money and when he was still with the company. (For example, his independently released single &quot;The Most Beautiful Girl In the World&quot; is missing, which was one of his biggest hits ever, a single which reached number 1 even in countries where he never had number 1's before, like Spain. It later appeared on an album released by this company called &quot;The Gold Experience&quot;.) What they should have called this is &quot;Some Of Prince's Hit Singles&quot; and not the best of Prince. The best of Prince would probably encompass too many cds to be affordable since he has recorded and released more material than almost anyone. Besides, everyone knows that Prince's &quot;best&quot; is LIVE, where the studio recordings function as a rough blueprint for additional creating and where the songs really come alive and change form. But studio recordings is what this company owns, not live material. (They own the master recordings for all his output with Warner Bros.) This is not a release the artist in question approved of anyway. There have already been two &quot;Hits&quot; cds (sold seperately) released by Warner Bros. which Prince was involved with compiling, as well as a &quot;Hits&quot; 3 cd set which also contains most of his rare b-sides. They have great liner notes written by Alan Leeds, Prince's tour manager from way back, and features material this disc doesn't cover. This is just a quick way for the company to make an extra buck. And the only reason anyone would give it a kinda-sorta favorable review with noncommital critisism is because they have money to make from it when you order it. Don't buy it unless you just like making donations to companies that are in no danger of going out of business any time soon.
0800177975|1.0|This movie is the epitome of excess: budget, explosions, melodrama, &quot;cuteness&quot;, in-jokes.  LAH is one of those films that thinks its a lot more hip and clever than what it really is.  It claims to be a spoof of the action movie genre when all it really does is shake its own hands.  The jokes are not funny and yet you get the feeling that the people responsible for this cinematic atrocity are sending a subliminal message that translates as, &quot; That skit was pretty cool, huh?&quot;.  The action sequences, intended to be absurd, only elicit yawning.  The child, who was intended to be cute, is annoying.<br />The only saving grace, if you can call it that, LAH has is Arnold Schwarzeneggar's performance.  His (non)acting is just as good in this movie as it is in THE TERMINATOR or TRUE LIES.  If the only good thing about your movie is Schwarzeneggar's acting, then your movie is in serious trouble.<br />I like a good spoof movie as much as anyone, as long as it is funny like BLAZING SADDLES or THE NAKED GUN movies.  But I think this movie was best described on an episode of THE SIMPSONS.  On that episode there was a fancy party in which all the beautiful people of Springfield attended.  There was a character at the party inspired by Arnold Schwarzeneggar named Rainier Wolfcastle.  Police Chief Wiggum walked up the Wolfcastle and said, &quot;Magic ticket, my a**!&quot;.  My sentiments exactly.
B00004YW6I|5.0|Toning down some of the angst and terror of some of her earlier releases was quite a risk, bit it pays off in spades! &quot;Stories...is an inspired, swift moving and catchy LP that finds Polly Jean in tip top form. Best song here? For my money &quot;Good Fortune&quot; is the crown jewel. Her sensual alto, jangly guitars and tight rhythm section combine for one the catchiest tunes of her career. This one's a winner!
B00000JG41|5.0|Mr. Bungle, a band notorious for their unorthodox music, actually sat down and made legitimate songs on CALIFORNIA.  Gone are the long boring samples and lowbrow humor that blighted the first album.  Mr. Bungle also learned how to bring a better ending to their songs instead of just stopping the song whenever they got bored of how the song was going.  That was what really marred the second album DISCO VOLANTE.  Mr. Bungle still utilized a wide array of musical styles in a psychotic manner: swing, doo-wop, death metal, surf-rock, etc.  Only this time the band was much more song oriented.<br />Mr. Bungle did songs that only they were capable of doing like &quot;None of Them Knew...&quot;, &quot;Ars Moriendi&quot;, and &quot;Goodbye Sober Day&quot;.  &quot;Retrovertigo&quot; and &quot;Pink Cigarette&quot; may sound more like Faith No More, but they served to prove that the band knew how to do catchy songs.  Mr. Bungle was just as unpredictable as ever.  Even if unpredictable meant doing &quot;poppy&quot; songs.<br />I hate to end this review with a rant but I have to.  A few very popular acts have been influenced by Mr. Bungle like Limp Bizkit, Korn, and Slipknot.  While Limp and Korn may far outsell Bungle, they are less talented and continue to release album after album that is essentially the same as the one before.  Mr. Bungle, who only release albums every four years, continues to grow and improve.  Mike Patton is very influential singer.  He is in my opinion the most diverse and talented rock singer since the late Freddy Mercury (RIP).  But so many vocalists - there is a difference between vocalizing and singing - only copy his growling style when they are not whining.  I would have thought that Faith No More and Mr. Bungle would have left a better musical legacy than Slipknot, Papa Roach, or Korn; but I was mistaken.
B000001ELF|4.0|Of the four solo records KISS released on the same day in 1978, Ace Frehley's is the best. While the other 3 are downright embarrassing, Ace cooks up an enjoyable stew of metallic riffs, crash and bang drums and some pretty decent melodies. While his vocal skills leave much to be desired, the tuneful joy expressed here is worth the price of admission. My favorite track is the thundering heavy rock of &quot;Snow Blind&quot; which was a semi-hit. This and the other 3 solo records were the peak of KISS's popularity, it was so much fun while it lasted.
6303477259|5.0|ONLY HOPING WITH YOU GUYS THEY MIGHT RELEASE THE DVD,ITS MAD NOT TO RELEASE.ITS ALWAYS HARD TO GET SOMETHING THAT YOU WANT PLEASE PRINT THIS DVD.
B000002H2H|5.0|The riff masters of the 80's show their brute force on this metal classic.  If you love guitar riffs with breakneck speed this album delivers with songs such as, &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot;, &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot;, &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; and &quot;Creeping Death&quot;.  Ride The Lightning also establishes Metallica's melodic side (not shown on their debut album Kill 'Em All), displayed in songs such as &quot;Fade To Black&quot; and &quot;Call of Ktulu&quot;.   Lyrically this sophomore effort steps up to the challenge with subject matter such as nuclear annihilation, capitol punishment and suicide.  The late Cliff Burton delivers with brilliant bass work on Metallica fan favorite &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot;, and the instrumental &quot;Call of Ktulu&quot;.   If you want to hear Metallica's original sound, before over produced albums such as Load &amp; Re-Load, pick up Ride The Lightning, the seminal metal album of the 80's.
B00003CWN2|2.0|Real life events should have no bearing on the work of fiction except when the aforementioned work claims to be based on a true story. Boys Don't Cry claims to be based on the real life murder of Teena Brandon, but gets a lot of it wrong. The true life tragedy brought to the forefront a lot of issues involving poverty, domestic violence, violence against women, women's position in rural society to name a few. Unfortunately about 85% went unnoticed because the public eye immediately focused on the cross-dressing, gay bashing, political implication to the exclusion of everything else. This film takes the already narrow view of the story and strips it even more of the real person in it by transforming it into a traditional butch lesbian romance to the 80's New Wave of the Cure while the real person was mad about the square dancing and everything country and western to name one instance. The story is simplified further by reducing the motivation of the bad guys to simple ignorance and out of control anger. No sense is given of the protagonist's past or what drives him. Fictional scenes are added to make the marginal guys good and bad guys into people who could not help themselves. Also gone is the bravado, the arrogance and the flamboyance of the true life Brandon replaced by the strong solitude of the &quot;Karate Kid&quot; Hillary Swank. The actors are good, but the casting os off and the historical person who was tiny, slight and driven by nervous energy is replaced by a tall and reserved sailor/soldier type, creating a totally different feel. The director and the actors try hard, but they would have been much better off creating their own drama about a similar incident rather than trying to mimic history.
B000059WOD|5.0|Everyone should get this cd. THere is so much talent and origonality in every song. you need thsi cd. i wish i could give it 10000000000000..... stars. 5 isnt enough for it.
1573226521|5.0|The Beach is one of the best books of the 90s in my opinion. It's hip, fresh and full of courage. It's been called a generation-X masterpiece but I think it's bigger than that. It's for all generations and all people.<br />The plot is orignal to say the least and the characters are all amazingly complex, especially Richard, the main character. The story is told through his eyes as he experiences the world of \\"the beach.\\" You see him transform into a new person, a slightly frightening version of his old self.<br />What impressed me so much about this book is the moral issues that are in it. Just how far would you go to keep a secret? Could people lose all morality if they lived on a empty island for a long period of time? This book is about mind games, the games we play with ourselves, the games we play with those around us, and the games we play with fate. <br />The Beach is more than an entertaining book, it makes you think. It makes you think about things you would never think about and that is what I love about the book. <br />So if you like an adverturous read, then buy this book you won't regret it. And if you think you can just see the movie, the movie [is bad] and is nothing like the book, characters are even left out...so read the book!
B00000J7A2|5.0|Remasterd CD! Yeah I've got it! Captain B is simply the greatest white blues rock singer song writer of all time.  I used to fry my brain to the Magic Band by sticking my head between the loudspeekers...To the likes of EEEELEECCTTRRRRIICCCCCITTTTTTTYYYY!  At 13 years, it certainly sent me down a demented path forever.  I have the LP's...They're the best way to go!  Analog with a snap, Crackle and a Pop! B-Flatulant &amp; bulbous...Sounds like heaven I say!  Gimmee dat HARP BOY! Caution: Venture down this Yellow Brick Road full of parmusical madness, and you may lose your soul forever!  Oh.. Don VanVliet, where goist thow now?  Probaly living and painting for crow in a trailer somewhere near Lancaster?
B0000029AP|5.0|Toys in the Attic - This album best because content many superb songs of Aerosmith &quot;Walk This Way&quot;  : Super funk  and &quot;Sweet Emotion&quot;  and other this album can tell you &quot;Who're Aerosmith&quot;
B00005LKHW|5.0|This is one of, my favorite comdies Jason Biggs (Jim) Mena Suvri (Heather) Tara Reid (Vicky) this is a comdey about these friends who want to get, laid I wont say anything else but the 2 disc dvd is good, better Deleted Footage which is, funny as ... and the Sneek Peek to \\"American Pie 2,\\" I want to see that. But this edition is worth buying. So enjoy this. NOT FOR YOUNGER KIDS.
6305364648|4.0|You know, I gotta be one of the biggest action-flick geeks out there. How do I know this? Well, every time I fire one up on the DVD machine, I break out my two little analog hand-held clicker-counters (one for the heavies, which tends to overheat quickly, &amp; one for the good guys, which usually collects more dust than digits) to keep track of the body count! Pretty extreme, huh? Sadly, most of my fanboy buds think my keeping track of the survival-challenged is kinda pathetic. But they're just jealous 'cause they don't know all the lines to every 'Dirty Harry' sequel like I do! Yeah, who's the pathetic one NOW, you posers?<br />Anyway, on with the review. I found 'True Lies' to be yet another memorable actioner from the mind of a guy who's no slouch when it comes to the action/adventure genre. His writing and/or producing and/or direction of such memorable shoot-em-up fare as 'Rambo II', 'Aliens', and the two 'Terminator' flicks will attest to this fact. When it comes to flyin' metal and/or energy-based projectiles, nukes goin' off, pioneering new computer-generated imagery techniques, blue-filtered night scenes, and utilizing spare-no-expense budgets to their maximum potential, James Cameron is a filmmaking god!<br />'True Lies' is one of the best examples of comic-book-style action cinema around, with a little bit of James Bond thrown in for good measure. It doesn't disappoint in providing those moments of pure implausible silliness that action flicks have in spades, and then some! The best example of this being the discharge of the MAC 10 (or was it a MAC 9? Uzi? I'm not sure) taking out a dozen Middle-Eastern terrorists as it rolls down a stairway. Talk about a hair trigger! Then there's our main baddie Aziz doin' the cross-skyscraper motorcycle jump. The pelican that literally tips the scales against the terrorists gained a pretty hearty guffaw from my ample belly. And when Aziz gets his-- well, you'll hafta see it for yourself. (Hee hee... 'You're fired'...I get it! Bwahhh-hah-hah-haaa!)<br />Now it's time for a little feature I try to include in all of my video reviews- the disclosure of the big flub. Although most of the CGI &amp; matte work done here isn't as absolutely convincing as it could be, overall I found it to work fairly well. But there is one moment where the 'seams' in the magic can be perceived, albeit only very slightly with careful inspection. It happens following the opening at the Swiss lakeside mansion. When Arn's making his climb up to the top floor from the second-story terrace, there's a barely-perceivable shift in the height of the wall he's scaling. I never noticed this on VHS before; the superior picture clarity of DVD makes the moment a bit more apparent. Just goes to show you that the digital video format isn't all it's cracked up to be...<br />But, at least the movie has some pretty good comedic elements to get my mind off its shortcomings. Although I'm no big fan of Tom Arnold, I thought he did a pretty good job in his role as Arn's backup man. And of course Bill Paxton's at it again, playing the kind of part he's good at- a smarmy, oily, cowardly little git. Although I thought his character's posing-as-a-secret-agent-to-pick-up-chicks schtick was rather unconvincing, he definitely steals the show in the comedy department. His 'little' revelation at the aqueduct is one of those great comedic moments I like to rewind and watch three times in a row before I let the movie play on.<br />Aside from the myriad CGI renderings &amp; bluescreen moments that didn't always fit, my only gripe with this disc is this: there's almost no extras or bonus material. Just one theatrical trailer's included, and that's it. Now normally this wouldn't bother me too much, but this is a James Cameron flick we're talking about here. When was the last time you recall one of his big-budget/big-studio films NOT getting the fully loaded treatment on DVD? <br />(brief pause) <br />Yeah, see what I mean? Oh sure, 'The Abyss', 'Aliens', 'Terminator 2', and-coming soon- the original 'Terminator'- all get their just respects on the digital format: restored footage, running commentary tracks, trailers, endless behind-the-scenes looks, ete., etc., ad nauseum. Heck, even 'Titanic' has more extras. But when it comes to loadin' up 'True Lies', does it get any consideration? No! What it gets is a swift kick to the curb! If ever there was a Rodney Dangerfield among the Jimmy-C blockbuster series, this is it!<br />Then again, it's highly likely that Fox is goin' for the DVD double-dip. You know the scene: they offer you this stripped-down model, and being one of those 'I-just-gotta-have-it!' type DVD nuts, naturally you buy it. Then a few months to a few years later, the studio rolls out the Super-Duper-Top-Of-The-Line 2-disc version with all the bells, whistles &amp; assorted tchotchkes! Hey, it worked for the 'Die Hard' trilogy, right?<br />Anyway, I gotta go. I've a few other Arnie flicks cued up for viewing, &amp; my clicker-counter's gettin' anxious...<br />'Late!
0783229526|4.0|I've met far too many people that looked too much into this movie. It's not made for squares and you've probably had to have done some type of drug at one point in your life to fully enjoy it. Therefore, this isn't for everyone. By no means, go out and do drugs just to watch this movie, its not that good. However, what is good is the performances of Depp and Del Toro. Everyline out of their mouths is genuis and hilarious. If you like to look at weird things and hear strange descriptions this is your movie.
6305372411|5.0|Mr. Hanks,    Being of the Mercury generation, I am in total awe of what you have accomplished with &quot;From the Earth to the Moon&quot;. I am just sorry I had not seen it when it came out on HBO.  I don't do  TV much at all. As I sit here in the 100&quot; dome collecting data for astrophysies, I can't help but be jealous of the dedicated astonauts that got to touch what we only image.  I am in awe. Thank you for your skill in revealing the true lives of the men who helped us achieve the knowledge we now hold.   I truly hope each generation holds this documentary dear as we do.
B00005B4GU|4.0|This is probably an easier listen than Kid A, since I guess it has less of a concept behind it. Individually the songs are strong. Life in a Glass House, You and Whose Army, and Pyramid Song as the standouts, while Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors, Hunting Bears and Like Spinning Plates are downright terrible. On those tracks, I only wonder what they were on. If you're a fan of Thom Yorke's singing, then you should enjoy this CD. It's clear Radiohead isn't going to get the Bends again or log onto OK Computer anytime soon. They've left the planet. Strap on the headphones and enjoy the ride.
6305372411|5.0|Mr. Hanks,    Being of the Mercury generation, I am in total awe of what you have accomplished with &quot;From the Earth to the Moon&quot;. I am just sorry I had not seen it when it came out on HBO.  I don't do  TV much at all. As I sit here in the 100&quot; dome collecting data for astrophysies, I can't help but be jealous of the dedicated astonauts that got to touch what we only image.  I am in awe. Thank you for your skill in revealing the true lives of the men who helped us achieve the knowledge we now hold.   I truly hope each generation holds this documentary dear as we do.
6305165912|5.0|I could go on and on about how much I love this movie, however should I? I didn't expect much the first time I saw it, and thought it was just ok, but after a while the characters grow on you like a cancerous mole over your skin. The Dude is simply the greatest hero of all time, not that he's even a true hero. John Goodman out does himself in every scene and his character isn't all that farfetched if you think about it. Then, well, then there's the Jesus. He's only in two scenes, but they have the best monologues ever. I nearly peed my pants the first time. Words cannot do justice to this flick. There really isn't a plot, it's just a bunch of wacky characters thrown together for everyone's enjoyment.
B000002U9W|5.0|This is the very best album Pink Floyd ever made. Those of you who are scared to move away from The Wall and Dark side of the moon, fear no more. This is the epitimy of Pink Floyd. Now onto the music. Atom Heart mother is not the best song on the album but definitely is something you'll want to listen to again, and again. If, in its calm way, puts itself in the top 10 oddest Pink Floyd songs. Summer of '68 is defenitly the best Pink Floyd song thats ever reached these ears. In its artsy symphonic-rock-and-roll style it makes Atom Heart Mother the giant among albums that it is. That Fat Old Sun is a calm and relaxing way to spend a couple minutes, and well worth it. Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast is interesting at first then it turns into a real treat. The cover and booklette are a treat as well. That proud cow staring blankly into your very soul! Well maybe not, but it is a cool cow. The booklette is filled with many interesting pictures. All in all Atom Heart Mother is one of the top five Albums of all time as far as I'm concerned.
B0000214F2|4.0|How can any of you say that this movie was bad? It was heartfelt, loving... maybe not &quot;real&quot;, but are any of Robin Williams's movies &quot;real&quot;? Take Dead Poets Society, for instance. What teacher would ever do the things that RW's Mr. Keating did, all to teach his students poetry? Or in Mrs. Doubtfire. Who on earth would dress up as a female nanny to see his kids when he could always apply for custody (I can't remember if he tried that or not in the movie)? The point is that Robin likes to play characters who are unconventional, who defy all rule and logic just to express themselves and to live their lives the way they want it to be lived. And for that, Robin Williams is one of my favorite actors. He gives Hollywood a touch of humorous life, creating almost a picture with his actions. He challenges us to be who we are, no matter what the common person may say. I am sick and tired of hearing people say that Robin's career is on a downslide and will defend him anytime someone has a doubt. OK, now that I'm done venting my anger... Patch Adams is a fantastic movie. See it if you want to laugh, cry, and just enjoy yourself and be inspired. (See Dead Poets Society if you REALLY want to be inspired). Enjoy. Jaclyn :)
055347359X|1.0|I was supposed to read this book for seventh grade, so when I was reading it, it makes no sense at all. I mean When a little girl turn to an 9? what does the nine mean, and in this book this person put has twice, and I would not read this book again, and listen to the person who said only take it from the library, dont buy it, thats why i am rushing to read it. kids like me need a book with laughter, adventure so we kids would read it more, so if you want this book, be careful of buying it, cause this book is a peice of (junk).
B00000K19E|5.0|There are few people who have not hear of this beloved movie, and even fewer of those who have that don't anticipate the 2nd of the upcoming trilogy.  <br />This is a *perfect* example of what the first of three consecutive movies should look like!  It has suspence in it for the next, but not so much that you end the movie feeling like you have missed out on a WORLD of knowledge.  The story-line in it also made a very strong foundation for the next movie to build upon, which also gives viewers a look at what is to come.<br />I won't even touch the sound and video quality of this, as there are hundreds..nay..THOUSANDS of other reviews dedicated to that very subject-- which should tell you something on the movie's prosperity in itself!
B00005MAM2|3.0|When I first heard that Akira was being re-released in DVD format I immediately rushed out and reserved a copy.  I counted down the days till my special collectors edition complete with a second disc packed full of extras, a new 5.1 digital sound track, and a digitally enhanced picture would arrive.  $ days ago it did, and I quickly popped it into the DVD player and got ready to see one of my favorite movies of all time redone and digitally enhanced.<br />I was let down<br />It seems some genius decided it would be better to rehash the old picture with new voice overs which not only consisted of new voices, but changed lines!  That's right, liberties were taken, and being the fan I am I decided to keep an open mind, however it got bad. The wonderfully synchronized voices of old were replaced by off key speaking, odd translation, and new pronunciation of character names.  Kaneda is referred to time and time again as Canada, and Akira is now pronounced Ahkeeda...now I understand that this might be the correct Japanese pronunciation, but for a long time fan of the ORIGINAL English version it makes watching almost unbearable by itself.  Combine that with the above mentioned and mix in a drowned out soundtrack (the beautiful background music in the clown gang fight scene is barely noticeable anymore) and you have a prime example of what happens when you try to bring a classic picture &quot;up to date&quot; as the crew puts it in one interview.  <br />On to the good points. <br />The video quality is FAR superior to the original, and the 2 disc set is PACKED full of extras that are a fine edition for any Akira fan.  The full Japanese version is also available to see (If only they would have thrown the 1988 English version as well) as well as full subtitles, and a cool &quot;capsule&quot; option that pops a pill onto screen prompting you to hit enter whenever a sign, or other image appears in Japanese so you can get an English translation...very cool.<br />In summary, without the extras I would have rated this version much lower, but with the beautiful picture, and all the add ins it's worth owning....just be sure to watch in the original Japanese with English subtitles and save yourself the horror of watching one of the greatest animes of all time reduced to lines about crack smokers, and out of place name calling.
B0000025R3|5.0|Nineteen years after buying the original &quot;Business as Usual&quot; on cassette (and wearing it out years ago), my CD arrived today.  I hadn't heard some of these songs for years; &quot;People Just Love To Play With Words&quot; and &quot;I Can See It In Your Eyes&quot; are particular gems that I've rediscovered like some momento lost in my attic.   The track listing is awesome; can anyone name a better album closer than &quot;Down By The Sea&quot;?  Outstanding.    &quot;Business&quot; is as competitive and fresh as it was in 1982.  For an '80's album, it does not sound dated (thanks in large part to the use of REAL drums at a time when machines were par for the course!).  I will always regard Jerry Speiser as one of the better and more innovative drummers in rock and roll.  Colin Hay's voice is timeless.  The lyrics are intelligent (if not sometimes odd).  Excellent musicianship and crafty songwriting make for a remarkable album.
006016848X|5.0|OK book. It shows that in many relations, the same problems will eventually crop up and the book explains, in simple terms, why this is the case. That was an insight for me. The book gives advise how you can try to avoid these problems. Very helpful indeed.<br />There might be better books on the subject, I don't know. I stumbled on this one and I'm glad I did. Who cares if he is(n't) a Phd, who cares if you can give a 'Synopsis in two sentences' (I could do that for the bible) ... it's the message that count. For me it was/is helpful. Maybe it is helpful for you too.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This soundtrack (and the movie) is awesome!  I've studied operatic voice back in college and am usually very critical, but WOW, Nicole and Ewan were great!!!  I too though, wish for a sequel to the soundtrack.  I was laughing so hard when Zidler started singing &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; and was disappointed not to see it on the soundtrack.  If you are open-minded and love all sorts of different music, you will love the &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; soundtrack!
6304493681|3.0|Ghost In The Shell was an anime that I have been wanting to watch for a long time now. Have heard rave reviews from not only fellow friends and critics alike, I figured that I would like this. And concidering I have recently seen some of Mamoru Oshii's earlier works(the Patlabor movies were excellent. The second one was better than the first, in my opinion), I figured that there was no way I couldn't like this. So after seeing it, why do I feel just so, 'eh...' about the whole &quot;experience&quot;?<br />First off, I guess I went into the movie blindly. I have never read the manga, nor did I have any previous knowledge when I watched the film. Unfortunatly, in the begining, I felt like was dropped into a world completely alien from my own. Things would happen seemingly like they would all the time in this universe, leaving me to scratch my head in a stupified mannor(this happens alot to me). As the story progress, it lets you in on more and more of what is going on. The only thing is, in the short span of this movie, tons of dialogue and information is thrown at you. You kind of have to be able to weed out the unnecessary things and pay attention to the more important plot keys. But ultimately, it becomes too confusing and sometimes boarders on incoherency.<br />One thing that would have helped the film maybe was more time to develop. Everything in this movie's 80 minute splendor seems just so rushed. In some cases, that's fine. Pi(another short, stylized film)was movie that did it perfectly(it also helped keep the pace of the movie frantic, which was what the director was trying to do). But everything here just seems like the budget wasn't big enough or the script had holes that were not filled by the time this film went into production. The end result is a mess of a movie that just has you staring at you screen wondering what just happened.<br />Despite that overly-long rant(it was a bit winded, don't you think?) there are still plenty of good points to this movie. The animation is high-caliber and is quite smooth. This movie deffently could hold its own visually on the big screen. The action is very well directed and creates a great tension when needed. Speaking of direction, Mamoru still does a great job of trying to bring this future to you in a very stylized way(if only the script were better). And as usually,  Kenji Kawaii's music fits the tone of the movie perfectly.<br />So in the end, what do you have? You have a short movie that is seemingly thin on plot but rich in underlying messages. As usual, I think for the most part, anime is still probably one of the best media to get that message accross(you know, aside from books). I know tons of you enjoyed this movie more than I did, and I think its far from being as over-blown like EVA was(that &quot;ending&quot; still doesn't sit well with me. Mainly because it wasn't an ending!), but it just didn't do it for me like Patlabor 2 did for me. Still, it's worth watching just to see if you like it. But you'd be wise to note that you might want to turn your thinking cap all the way up. As you are about to imbark on one of the most confusing rides of your life.
6304698623|5.0|Brains, courage, compassion, pluck - what a superb heroine! Lavish sets, characters that aren't caricatures, tight storytelling...I cannot recommend this movie enough to adults as well as children.
B000002UKS|5.0|I was never a big fan of Nirvana, as they were at the roots of an era of rock music I didn't care for.  Well, David Grohl's second huge band is very different.  A much more enjoyable approach and melodic sound makes this a great listen.  For sure, this album rocks.  After a nice slow-tempo intro with &quot;Doll&quot; the album just kicks in with the rocking &quot;Monkey Wrench&quot;.  &quot;My Hero&quot; is a great power anthem that was also big on rock radio, as was the very catchy and rocking &quot;Everlong&quot;.  Other highlights include the slower songs &quot;See You&quot; and &quot;Walking After You&quot; as well as the more uptempo and stangely melodic &quot;Wind Up&quot; and the searing &quot;Enough Space&quot;.  All in all, a fine listen from one of the better bands of the last decade.  Good combination of modern sound with just the right touch of melody.  Great variety in song tempos as well.
0743420373|3.0|Many of us work extrememly hard and have sacrificed a great deal in order to live a better quality of life (vacation, nice home, car, etc.). Although I appreciate the underlying thesis of this book, there is no way that I would live like a pauper so that I can die with a few million in the bank, so the Goverment can take it away in estate taxes. It makes no sense. Yes, we should live sensibly, but unless you give yourself the opportunity to enjoy a few of the finer things in life, why work at all? So, get the book, appreciate what these people have done to earn their wealth and then go out and buy a Rolex! Put the extra in a good mutual fund
0385501005|2.0|Every single plot twist was visible from approximately two million light years away.  This book was utterly and totally devoid of any original sentiment or new thought.  Why am I giving in two stars instead of one, then?  Well, it did only take me two hours to get through it.<br />I liked this book a lot better when it was called High Fidelity, and when it was actually funny.
1563896656|5.0|As a 19th-century scholar, rather than a graphic novel fan, I was prepared to be picky about how TLOEG portrayed characters from &quot;my&quot; era.  Boy, was I in for a pleasant surprise.  This is clearly the work of someone who not only loves but understands 19th-century fiction, both its enduring appeal and its sometimes exasperating conventions.<br />The shining example of this series' achievement is the character of Mina Murray, the brilliant heroine of Bram Stoker's Dracula.  Here she becomes even stronger and more assured, the clear-eyed, coolly efficient leader of this motley crew of &quot;gentlemen.&quot;  Yet, appropriately and hilariously, the men in the group (who tend to confound Victorian stereotype by being more emotional than Mina) respond to her assertive intelligence by labelling her a harpy, a shrew, a revoltingly &quot;mannish&quot; creature.  As far as I'm concerned, Mina is the real hero--and what a hero!  Finally, a woman in a graphic novel I can really admire and empathize with.<br />TLOEG offers many such delicious treats for fans of Victorian fiction or intelligent, witty adventure tales.  Dig in and enjoy.
B000002AGN|5.0|nothing beats brubeck.  this album is a definite buy - jazz lovers cannot do without this.
B00000K3UR|1.0|This movie was a pathetic attempt to grab our heart strings, but was only effective in loosening my purse strings. It's about a very dysfunctional idiot (Adam Sandler) who takes on the job of setting the absolute worst possible example for a child. This movie is a joke and everybody who watches it is a victim. I generally think Adam Sandler is funny, but I didn't laugh once. Note to self: never watch another Adam Sandler flick again. Note to Adam: Get some new material. Two thumbs down!
6305311463|5.0|I personally feel that Armageddon is one of the worst films ever made in the last decade. Having said this, why am I giving it a Five Star review? The reason being is that this DVD has probably the best audio commentary track i've ever heard. <br />From all the people that i know who have this DVD, they all treasure this DVD because of the great audio commentary. I can honestly say that I've yet to watch the film by itself. I can only watched this movie with the audio commentary, because frankly the film is very bad.<br />The four principles in the main commentary track, Director Michael Bay, Producer Jerry Bruckheimer, Bruce Willis, and Ben Affleck all bring in their viewpoint of what happened during the shoot. But the greatness of the commentary track is how it makes us realize how badly the film was planned and executed. Ben Affleck's input towards the commentary is hysterical! He absolutely rips everyone in the film. I'm very surprised how Michael Bay was able to hire him as the lead for Pearl Harbor after how much he rips into Armageddon. <br />In the New York Times, critic Elvis Mitchell did an interview with the president of Criterion Collection. Mr. Mitchell commented that one of his favorite DVD is Armageddon. So for those &quot;serious&quot; film buffs who are ashamed of owning this DVD, don't!<br />This DVD also has a great deal of additional material, and they're very entertaining, especially the gag reel. I can't recommend this DVD highly enough.
014028009X|4.0|Bridget is quirky, neurotic and v. funny!  Oh - and slightly obsessive. Chuh<br />I love Helen Fielding's style of writing. (v. clever)<br />Bridget seems to be a v. real girl with troubles most of us can relate to.  I'm a married (however, not smug) and I can still relate to Bridget because I am also somewhat neurotic and obsessive. (Should I have admitted that?) Huh<br />I keep a journal myself and have often gone back to see what I was up to earlier. (v. interesting and sometimes v. sad!)<br />One of the best things about Bridget is the way she bounces back from disappointments. (I'm envious)<br />I have yet to see the movie, but I am eager to because I can totally see Renee Zellwiger as Bridget!  Looking forward!<br />I recommend this book if you are looking for some light and interesting reading and some laughs too!
B00001IVOR|5.0|Two discs chock-full of classic wu-tang songs, it doesnt get any better than that.  There is not one song on the entire album that is below average..in fact, screw average, they are all 5 star songs although there are many that stand out as all time wu classics and hip hop classics in general like Reunited.  I'm suprised this is 11,956 in sales rank, every rap fan should own this album, and its a damn shame that all the fake commercial rappers are probably in the top 10 of sales.
B00000255F|5.0|In 1975, the world of rock'n'roll woke up to what many of us along the Eastern seaboard had known for almost 2 years now: there was a new king in town, and his name was Bruce Springsteen.  Powered by a title track written and recorded nearly a year before the album's release, Springsteen unleashed a powerhouse, a manifesto of the past, present and future (all tips of the hat to Jon Landau's famous quote in 1974) of rock'n'roll.  With the E Street Band newly revitalized by the addition of drummer Max Weinberg and keyboard player Roy Bittan, not to mention the soon-thereafter arrival of Steve Van Zandt on rhythm guitar, this all-out, foot to the floor workout is truly one of the 10 best albums in the pop music lexicon.<br />Standouts include the timeless &quot;Thunder Road&quot;, arguably one of the best (maybe best?) songs Bruce has written, &quot;Backstreets&quot;....what the hell am I saying.  ALL 8 TRACKS ARE SUPERB!!!  With a production technique that recalls the Phil Spector &quot;wall of sound&quot; and many tips of the hat to past rock and r&amp;b icons, this album was like a breath of fresh air.  It set the standard for many more artists to rethink their music and in some cases, downright emulate it (Bob Seger, John Mellencamp, and too many more to mention.)  Bruce's vocals are strong, the band is explosive (thanks to Weinberg and Bittan, and Clarence of course) and the song writing superb.  Life on the Jersey shore, life in America, life among the little town heroes with big dreams and bigger hearts.  This is rock at it's finest.  Despite the behind-the-scenes management power struggle that was brewing while this album was being created,  (you could see the Mike Appel days on the wane and the Jon Landau era starting), one factor not often pointed out is the largely uncredited role that Van Zandt played just by being in the studio.  You can hear it in the recording.<br />From short stories like &quot;Meeting Across the River&quot; to the explosive panorama of &quot;Jungleland&quot;, the detail is astounding. This is one of those rare moments in music when the heavens and planets realign under a new musical force.  You must own this album: whether you are a Bruce fan or not, this is one for the ages. You can hear rock being reinvented and revisited all at the same time, all in one listen.  Not many albums could do that. And if this can't make you a Bruce fan, well...I feel sorry for you, pal!f &quot;Jungleland&quot;, the detail is astounding. This is one of those rare moments in music when the heavens and planets realign under a new musical force.  You must own this album: whether you are a Bruce fan or not, this is one for the ages. You can hear rock being reinvented and revisited all at the same time, all in one listen.  Not many albums could do that. And if this can't make you a Bruce fan, well...I feel sorry for you, pal!
B000002ADT|5.0|Miles Davis is amazing - you just can't get any better.  I didn't grow up with jazz and I didn't really gain an appreciation for it until a few years ago.  Since then, Davis and other &quot;West-coast/cool&quot; artists have been on heavy rotation.  Purchase this album!
B00000099Y|5.0|You know those albums that even after listening to them for over four five years you still discover new things about each song? What's that you've never heard or owned that kind of album? Well my friend, it's high time you bought TooL's Aenima.  I still can't believe how great this record is, and how it gets you thinking, and how many themes it covers, and how such an innovative album could be so heavy and smart and the same time.  <br />The songs are all diverse, epics in they're own ways each of them telling a different story and teasing the listener to try and guess they're meaning.  It has those heavy tracks that are fun to listen to and are the first ones to grab your attention: Stinkfist, Eulogy, Forty Six and Two and the songs that you'll appreciate gradually, for example Third Eye.  Those haunting preludes like Message to Harry Manback wich at first you'll laugh at then skip, along with Dier Von Satan(Eggs of Satan) and Cesero Summability(wich is the weirdest tihng I've ever heard) are not spare parts and fit perfectly in the album as a whole. <br />This album works on so many levels it's simply insane.  It could stand alone as one of the best rock albums ever, its' possibly one of the most innovative pieces of music out there and it's the smartest you'll ever hear.  <br />You'll probably hear a few quircks about Aenima, some say the songs are too long and tend to drown on and on, and some complain about the muddiness of the production.  First of all the songs are allowed to go as long as they do for the simple reason that the band have given the songs that type of freedom, to start and finnish at they're own will.  For many this doesn't bother them, since all of the songs are entertaining and go through so many different structures and varitations within themselves .  The muddiness fits this album like a glove, it's sets the mood, it's prefect so what's wrong with that?<br />So for one of the greatest albums ever produced I think you'll be getting alot morethan your money's worth for years and years to come, I mean none of us have even begun to feel the effects of this one yet.
006092988X|5.0|If you are looking for a straightforward plot, this book is not for you. This is a beautiful novel, but beware, it requires more patience than others do. I can understand the complaints of some readers, in that the &quot;story goes nowhere&quot;. In a sense, this book is like a written photograph of the life of Francie, from the time she is 11 until she goes off to college.  Betty Smith created her character and her environment and started crafting a tale about her life in exquisite detail. I enjoyed the &quot;mundane&quot; explanations and descriptions of what she sees or does in her everyday life. I have never been to Brooklyn, but i bet the author is extremely accurate in all her depictions, both of place and people. There is a very sweet, almost innocent touch in her writing style, something i have observed in other writers of her generation. In summary, a wonderful book that is a breath of fresh air in today's literature.
6305622825|2.0|Entrapment is a decent action flick.  While most of the romantic interplay between Connery and Zeta-Jones and some of the down time they have to spout off bad dialogue is boring, there are a couple really cool action scenes.  Among them is the one in which Catherine Zeta-Jones' character has to slither her way through an invisible web of motion sensors to capture an ancient, invaluable mask.  The suspense is awesome in that scene.  Another fun scene has Zeta-Jones doing gymnastics on an elevated wooden beam.  The other cool scene involves Zeta-Jones and Connery's attempts to pull off a bank transition on top of the highest building in the world: the twin twoers in Malaysia.  While those scenes are thrilling and worth seeing, the film ultimately does not work.  I did not enjoy watching these two together.  They are both grossly miscast.  Sean Connery cannot be cast as a dashing, athletic, Bondian type hero again.  Zeta-Jones is not a bad actress, nor is she magnetic enough to distract us from how weird their relationship is.  Their sexual innuendo is excruciating to watch.   They could have cast Faye Dunaway in the Zeta-Jones part, but she'd STILL be too young for Connery.  Whoever cast this film should never be allowed to work in film again.
0553269631|2.0|This book was required reading in my honors english class. When I first recieved a copy I thought it looked interesting and different. In the beginning I wasn't really drawn into the book, like so many other's I've read. I read on, thinking it would get better. I was wrong. In fact it just got worse. I couldn't relate to the characters. I mean a girl who hears music in her head, a man exploring his femine side, a Deaf-mute, and a man who is half the time drunk and the other half trying to start a revolution. It did have some good parts but not enough to make it worth the read.
0345440757|3.0|Aside from the fact that we Americans are derisively referred to as &quot;Yanks&quot;, the book has useful information. I've found the EASY method a fairly natural routine for my baby and have been using it daily. I like the guidelines to reading a baby's body language and find most of the descriptions are fairly accurate while some are right on the money. I felt that Ms. Hoggs attitude was disdainful as she called us &quot;Yanks&quot; and admonished us for not having a civilized daily tea routine (which she insists that all her clients adopt). Well, okay, I'm game. But, I have one question for Ms. Hogg. Does Iced Tea count?
B00005B36H|5.0|Upon first hearing this album, I was skeptical, the songs didn't grab my attention as those on Aenima, neither did they rock, what the heck was this then?  It felt so strange, before I'd even bougth this album, I had a feeling that was constantly growing on me: What if Tool finally put out a bad album?  I was ticking off every day on the calendar since May 1st, anxiously awaiting the day I would get my hands on Lateralus and when I did I didn't know wether I loved it or hated it...<br />Tool's five years off might have done more harm than good, I though after repeated listens, I finally came to the conclusion that I wasn't going to force myself to like it like I had done upon first hearing Metallica's balck album back in '91, wich seemed so long ago.  So Lateralus was taken out of the stereo never to be listened to again or so I thought...<br />Three weeks later, after going through some terrible times, I somehow felt an urge, the urge to go back and listen to the album I had shunned.  Suddenly every song had its own personal meaning, as I listened strange pictures of distant lands that I had never seen before appeared, and tall ships were sailling along some forgotten coast.  From that point on I guess I simply enjoyed listening to Lateralus but nothing more, I certainly didn't love it, neither did I hate it...<br />Months went by and one by one each song began to stick in my head, including those two instrumentals, wich I always  skipped  at first but in time grew to love : Dispotion and Reflection.  The album art has some distinct meaning I'm sure, but I think the band wanted us to come up with our own, and I guess from this thought I based the whole concept of the record on, only an album as experimental as this could make us belive that.  So if the million dollar question is do I like the album, how can I be completly certain since it would take years to analyze the whole darn thing being so complexe and all, and that's not what the band wanted, take it gradualy and in small doses, and watch the tale unfold, it's completly worth it.
B000002IAZ|3.0|I feel I should like this album more than I do, but it doesn't grab me.  Still, I can't really say anything that negative about it.  I bought this collection to get a CD version of 'Bluebird'.  'For What Its Worth' is also great, but seems to be on almost every 60's collection available.  This is a diverse collection of songs, sometimes sounded like CSN, sometimes the Grateful Dead, sometimes the Byrds(when they went country rock), sometimes Neil Young solo.  'Broken Arrow' and 'I Am a Child' are strong Neil Young compositions, but Stills truly shines the most on this collection.  Must have for fans of Stills, Young and Messina, good window of their early career.  If you are a CSN fan, it would be better to first buy a Hollies(Graham Nash) and Byrds(David Crosby) collection before this one.
B00003652R|5.0|A classic Prog/Symph album that has inspired some of today's younger musicians in the genre, Misplaced deserves the highest rating on any scale.<br />I do have some problems with Misplaced, however.  It is a 2 disc album where disc 2 is mostly &quot;demos&quot; and other stuff that most people don't even want to hear.<br />If Marillion and/or the record company really wanted to do a wonderful thing, they would include the live version of Misplaced (found on The Thieving Magpie - also available from Amazon.com) as disc 2, and the studio version as disc 1.  That's right, Misplaced Childhood would still consist of two discs, one with the studio version, and one with the live version.<br />This would make Misplaced a PERFECT album, because the live version has many advantages over the studio version, and vice versa.  For one thing, The Thieving Magpie has a PRICELESS emotional impact which I do not get (as much) from the studio album.<br />Until this dream comes true, true Misplaced/Marillion fans should get both albums and make their own determinations.
6302869390|5.0|Ravi, Billy, Leon, Eric, Ringo, Bob, George and many others rock for others. Do you think it would be any good with that line-up?
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Moulin Rouge is a truly outstanding film about truth, beauty, freedom, and love. It provides wonderful actors and an absolutly amazing storyline. I have never seen anything like it and don't think that I ever will again. One word to describe Moulin Rouge: \\"SPECTACULAR!\\"
B00003CX5A|5.0|This is the movie that introduced me to Tim Burton`s phenomenal gift of creating visually stunning films. Though the critics seem to think that he cheats by making everything look good with the absence of other good elements in his movies, as Tim states in &quot;Burton on Burton&quot;, &quot;What`s the big deal? It`s a movie, for christ sakes, not a radio program. It IS a visual thing.&quot; I`ve always loved the story of Sleepy Hollow and saw it as an incredible movie just waiting to happen-there was always something missing from the story everyone already knew, and Disney turned the moody and dark story into some kind of a big joke with their animation (no offence, I know that Burton himself always LIKED the cartoon.) And when I saw a preview for the movie, looking so dark and crawly and spooky, I was basically trembling with excitement. Well, it surely fulfilled my expectations. Tim Burton does great justice to what The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is supposed to be: spooky, not funny. This entire film looks GREAT, not to mention it has wonderful performances (expecially Johnny Depp, whose role as the nervous wreck Ichabod Crane is worth the entire price of the movie and then some) and some of the best music Danny Elfman has ever composed for a movie. I understand that some people disected the movie into pieces so tiny you couldn`t choke a cricket with them and found all these problems-the ending was too lame, it wasn`t scary, the special effects were cheesy, Miranda Richardson was chessy, yada yada yada. I guess those people just aren`t Tim Burton people; after all, his idea of &quot;scary&quot; is kind of a friendly spookiness. SCARY movies are directed by rain people, but Tim Burton is a snow person. If you get what I mean. So if you`ve seen some other Burton movies and liked them, definitely check this one out. I think it`s one of his best masterpieces.
0380715430|5.0|While browsing in the linguistics section at a London bookshop, I came across this book. I had never heard of Bryson before, but the description on the back sounded so interesting, I bought it. Having just finished the book, I can only wonder how I managed to miss this guy's stuff all my life. This book is a fascinating journey through the history of English, the varieties of English in the world, spelling, pronunciation, and more. Bryson's style is fresh, funny, irreverent, and absorbing. I feel like I have found someone who loves nuance in language as much as I do, and is spot on when it comes to examining exactly the subtleties that get me fired up. Highly recommended to Anglophones interested in learning more about the language we call our own.
B00005IC2H|5.0|I put on the headphones at a listening in my local record shop and was absolutely amazed by gtis Byrjun; I'd never heard anything quite like it before.  Imagine if Thom Yorke and Enya had a child, I imagine he/she would create music slightly akin to this.  Who cares if it's not in English, it really doesn't matter. I'm thinking I need to buy a new pair of headphones because mine simply don't do justice to this CD.
6301880447|5.0|This video is in my top 5 favorites because of the production which is the very best the Met has to offer.  Even better than Aida!  Zefferilli is the master and the dream cast is almost perfect.  The roles are highly demanding vocally as the tessitura is very high.  I think the sets and costumes are unequaled in any other opera available on video.  A friend of mine who has seen almost all of the Met productions in the last 10 years has confirmed this as the best.  I am looking forward to LA Opera's version to be performed in 2002 with a new ending being written for a premier here.  I'm not unhappy with the existing one, but something new and different, if good, is also welcome.  Mitchell is a triumph as Liu (the audience goes nuts); Marton works very hard, manages vocally and dramatically to exceed performances than almost anyone else in this role (its a voice-killer!); Paul Plishka as Timur was excellent as was the chorus and orchestra under the baton of Levine.  Domingo looks totally wonderful and except for one little crack in his voice when his fortisimo was over the limits of the voice, also almost perfect. Domingo slighted his support at the end of Nessun Dorma and ran out of breath but covered it quite masterly.  If they would have allowed him to move closer to the audience, doubt if he would have made this fluff.  Who cares!  He looked quite good in that soft teal leather!  Not to nitpick! If you could only buy ONE opera video or thinking of a first purchase of an opera video - make it this one!  You'll watch it over and over again - and it has a happy ending!!  I bought the VHS when issued and later it was the my first LD. Truly Grand Opera! Highly recommended!!!
B00003TL18|5.0|I remember watching &quot;A Black and White Night&quot; when it first aired on PBS and loved the TV show.  I was finally able to obtain the audio CD and it is excellent! I have been a Bruce Springsteen fan for years, and it is easy to tell that Orbison was a big influence, especially in his earlier work like the &quot;Born to Run&quot; album.<br />If you like Springsteen, give this a listen to find out how Rock and Roll was first done by one of the masters.  Definitely worth the money. either for the video version or the audio CD.
0446677450|4.0|Altough the book over simplifies a few things on personal financing, and also makes a big effort on selling a few other Kiyosaki's products (the infomercial feel of the book mentioned on a prior review) it does make an easy and fast read, and it achieves its purpose both for Kiyosaki, makeing a profit, and for the reader, to whom it serves as a wake up call, it does a good job motivating readers into takeing an active hand on their finances and financial future giving a good amount of pointers as to how to do it.
B00004X01U|4.0|This album has already been a bestseller, and many of the songs on it are absolutely wonderful.  My faves would include, 'Don't Tell' and 'What it feels like for a Girl'  For all Madonna fans, it is a must buy :)<br />Thanks for reading!<br />**Pandora
B00005K3LW|4.0|The second sequel to Die Hard, Die Hard 3 doesn't top the original, but definetly delivers a few laughs and some great acion sequences. Bruce Willis, who reprises his role as John McClane, has to do whatever Simon (a madman played by Jeremy Irons) says or he'll blow up a public place. Along to help McClane is Zeus (Samuel L. Jackson) the third and last of the male leads. Although the plot gets a lot more complicated and is full of different twists and turns, I not going to tell you anymore because I'll be giving away the whole movie.<br />Although Die Hard 3 doesn't have nearly as much action as the first two, it does deliver hilarious dialouge (courtesy of Sameuel L. Jackson and Bruce Willis) and some exciting scenes. For example, there is metro train explosion, a car chase, a bloody elevator shootout, a trip down the watery aqueduct tunnels, a pleasant drive through the park, a little side trip to a huge boat, and a helicopter shootout. Yep, folks. That's all in one 2 hour movie. (WOW!) Also, director John McTiernan (who directed the original Die Hard but not the second) directed Die Hard 3. This time, McTiernan decided to all out and make the film take place in a whole city instead of a building. Some people may like that and other may not.<br />The only bad thing I found about the movie was this: IT WAS GODD BUT NOT AS GOOD AS THE ORIGINAL. If you like the first two, you should definetly give this one a chance.
B00000IGGA|5.0|164 other reviews should give you some idea, but I gotta to put my 2 cents in. This is a hell of a record. Unlike many of his contemporaries, Wait's isn't afraid to get his hands dirty. Mule Variations has got it all--- broken hearts, abnadoned houses, dusty backroads, circus freaks and sepia skies. BIG IN JAPAN &amp; FILIPINO BOX SPRING HOG are two of the more outstanding rockers on this album. Both being a jumble of  &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot;/ Beefheart antics and Wait's own brand of demented wit.Fans of Wait's BLACK RIDER collaboration won't be disappointed with the bizarre side-show tale, &quot;The Eyeball Kid&quot;. &quot;Get Behind The Mule&quot; derives it's title from something Robert Johnson's daddy told his wayward son, and accordingly it's an infectious bluesy dirge . &quot;What's He Building In There?&quot; comes off like a first cousin of BONE MACHINE'S &quot;The Ocean Doesn't Want Me&quot; and is as ominous as it's hilarious. &quot;Hold on&quot; and &quot;Pony&quot; rank as one of Wait's more haunting ballads. &quot;Picture In A Frame&quot; and &quot;House Where Nobody Lives&quot; show that Tom hasn't abandoned his sentimental streak as does the heartbreaking &quot;Georgia Lee&quot; (a true story that happened none too far from Wait's home). One of my personal favorites is &quot;Take It With Me When I Go&quot;. Like Elvis Costello in his prime, Wait's still has the knack of turning an old cliche on end. I could go on and on, but there's not a dull moment on this album. A little sweeter than BONE MACHINE but just as beguiling, Wait's delivers the goods on this one.
0767803434|5.0|. . .I liked this one.  Of course this is the president we'd all like to have, a loving father, a stunning fighter, and great one-liners for any life threatening situation.  This movie was suspense from beginning to the end, and chances are you already know that, cause who likes action has seen this film.
0060934913|5.0|This book is the Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas of cooking.  The author jumps around a bit from cooking tips and kitchen setup to his personal debauchery and adventures to restaurant management, but don't let it bother you.  Lots of personality and ego contained herein.  You'll want to eat at restaurants where you can see the kitchen.  And he's right about ordering seafood on Sunday, too!
0425173895|5.0|Agatha Christie wrote mysteries in which the detective is almost never in danger,. There are seldom any car chases, shootouts, fist fights or explosions.  There is no bad language or graphic sex.  Christie's great talent was in putting together word puzzles.  She puts all the clues in front of us and then devotes her considerable talent to confusing and misleading us as to the identity of the murderer.  And she does it so wonderfully and so completely that we love her.  Go figure.  If you are new to the mystery genre, start with another book.  This one was written for experienced mystery readers.  If you are an avid reader of cozy mysteries, you will love The Murder of Roger Ackroyd.
B00004TRD8|5.0|&quot;Terminator 2&quot; is one of those rare instances where a sequel lives up to its precedor. While &quot;The Terminator&quot; is a darker, more ominous film, T2 is a more streamline action/popcorn movie. The plot here is still very strong, and with the addition of great acting, awesome effects, impressive action sequences and the genious direction of James Cameron, you have another one of the greatest sci-fi action movies out there.<br />Here is the basic plot of this movie. John Connor is a young boy in our present day. Another terminator is sent from the future to try to destroy him, this time the advanced T-1000, a liquid metal terminator that is virtually invincible. Arnold is back, of course, this time as the good guy, a &quot;good&quot; terminator sent by the John of the future to protect his past self.<br />The movie itself is a masterpeice. As the plot iteself advances during the movie, you connect with the characters quite emotionally, making the ending all the more impacting. Robert Patrick is perfect as the villian in this film, just as Schwarzenneger was in the first. The special effects are out-of-this-world, and the action scenes are some of the best ever on film. And, like the first, there is just the right amount of dark humor thrown in to keep the movie from being too serious.<br />NOW ONTO THE DVD EXTRAS! This is one of the best DVD's to have ever been released just for this reason. There are over 6 hours of extras here, everything from movie trailers to behind the scenes footage, commentary; everything a fan could ever ask for. And the quality of the DVD is incredible, too, the sound and picture are both some of the best I've ever seen. Simply put, this is a DVD that belongs in the hands of anyone who owns a player, especially for Terminator and action movie fans. If you like this, may I also suggest the following, and vice-versa. Aliens, Blade Runner, Totall Recall, Predator, The Matrix, The Terminator.
0694003611|5.0|Good Night Moon has been/is a family favorite,but after three todlers, the book finally wore out.  We are ordering a new copy for our next child.
0783231032|5.0|I don't care what people say, I love this film. Sure it isn't in the AFI100. It won't make the AFI 200 either. But I love it. The performances of Aykroyd, Belushi, Pickens, Beatty, and others are just soo funny. The movie has so many lines that are just stuck in my head. The problem in all these reviews is how you compare it to other films. Comedy films to be exact. People have different tastes about things. I hate all of Adam Sandler's movies but some people swear by him. I would rank 1941 as a hidden gem in the same class as Airplane, Blues Brothers, Fletch, and Volunteers.
0451199871|4.0|I don't know why anyone would buy a book by Agatha Christie expecting sex and violence.  Her style was to create the atmosphere of an English village before 1935 and to create a puzzle involving the death of someone in the village.  Her detectives don't beat anyone up or make love to the suspects.  Her detective is given the same clues that the reader sees, and in the last chapter, the detective weaves the relevant clues into the solution.  In The Body in the Library, the detective is Jane Marple, an elderly spinster who uses a sharp mind so solve the puzzle.  I like the early Jane Marple mysteries; The Body in the Library is fairly typical.  You might find this book more enjoyable if you first read The Murder at the Vicarage.
B00005M989|2.0|Prince could not have been consulted on this album as if he had been there would be a very different song list.  Do yourself a favor if you are considering buying this album, buy The Hits and the B-Sides, a 3CD set which is much closer to &quot;Best Of&quot; than this thrown together group of songs.  Actually, if you really want the Best Of Prince, buy his albums.  Many of his best songs are those you have not ever heard.
6300208699|5.0|Peter Sellers is one of my favorite actors of all time.  He is British, after all, and starred in the Pink Panther series as Inspector Clouseau.<br />The Magic Christian, in which he plays billionaire Guy Grand, is one of his best vehicles, and what a bonus it is to have Ringo Starr as his adopted son, Youngman Grand.<br />I liken the smattering of cameo appearances as an extension of the guest stars in that other movie based on a Terry Southern novel, Candy.  As another note of interest, Candy also featured in a small role as a Mexican gardner, yes, Ringo Starr!  But those of us in the know already knew that.  Right?  Right and double right, as Guy Grand would say.<br />I recognized Joan Benham, who intermittently played Lady Prudence Fairfax in the Upstairs Downstairs series, as a socialite discussing the maiden voyage of The Magic Christian to her friends.<br />Dennis Price, who starred in some Ealing comedies in the 1950's and who was the ill-fated Hector Snipe in Theatre of Blood, plays one of Grand's company executives.<br />There's David Hutcheson, one of the hunters, who gets frozen to death by a hail machine in The Abominable Dr. Phibes.<br />Among the most notable is John Cleese's role as Mr. Dugdale, a museum attendant with a supercilious attitude and voice to match, who is understandably shocked when Grand snips out the nose of a Rembrandt he has purchased.  Ringo finishes the scene off with a sensory organ joke:  &quot;Keep your eye out for a good ear.&quot;  Precious!<br />Raquel Welch is the whip-wielding queen of the Magic Christian galley.  And finally there is Yul Brynner, who in drag, sings Noel Coward's &quot;Mad About The Boy&quot; before whipping off his wig to reveal his familiar bald pate.<br />Wilfrid Hyde-White, best known as Colonel Pickering in My Fair Lady, has a lot of fun in his role as Captain Klaus, the skipper of the Magic Christian.<br />The songs by Badfinger also give a boost to this movie, such as &quot;Come And Get It&quot; which is the theme that permeates throughout this movie.  The somber and heartfelt &quot;Carry On Till Tomorrow&quot; is a perfect reflection of Ringo Starr's pre-Grand life, as he is harassed by all sorts of nasty people, a groundskeeper, a bobby, and a hideous crone who gives him heck because of his sunglasses.<br />What I find infuriating is that the album by Thunderclap Newman, who sings &quot;Something In The Air&quot; during the scene where all sorts of people swim around in a huge vat of urine, manure, and blood to get tenners, is criminally out-of-print, which means we only have Tom Petty's version of it on his first greatest hits album, which is good by the way.  But that's a mere minor complaint.<br />My two favorite scenes involve the strip tease version of Hamlet featuring Laurence Harvey, and the auction scene, during which Grand signals his bids in the most unconventional ways.  The auction ends at the expense of a social-climbing American couple purchasing a Lancier painting.<br />The climactic scene of chaos inside the Magic Christian is the high point of the movie, and perhaps mirrors that chaos and turmoil going on, especially the upsurgence of the hippie generation, student revolutionaries, and anti-Vietnam protests in the late 1960's.<br />Comparing the movie to the novel, I say both are effective, but it was impossible to make the movie exactly like the book, but most of Grand's schemes made it, such as the Silky hair conditioner, the hot dog vendor, the opening of the stores with low introductory &quot;get acquainted&quot; sales, the newspaper that printed the news with foreign words, and the aforementioned vat of urine schemes were included.  In the novel, Grand is having tea with his two sisters, and the story keeps intercutting between the tea party and his schemes, which were narrated in the past tense rather than being presented in present tense as it was in the movie.  It would have been interesting if the subtle corrupting of the films (thenovel) had been included. A classic period piece of the 1960's, and one that I hope will be enjoyed by all for all eternity.  The Magic Christian is available, so, as the song says, &quot;if you want it, here it is, come and get it.&quot;novel) had been included. A classic period piece of the 1960's, and one that I hope will be enjoyed by all for all eternity.  The Magic Christian is available, so, as the song says, &quot;if you want it, here it is, come and get it.&quot;
0446677450|5.0|I just finished reading Rich Dad Poor Dad for the 3rd time.  I always find myself coming back to this book when the going gets tough and I need to stay with my financial plan. How many folks out there lately couldn't use a confidence boost these days? If you are looking for specific methods and processes to make money don't buy the book.  However, if you are looking to understand the philosophy of investing successfully then this book is worth it's weight in gold.  I have never been truly inspired by a book but I am ALWAYS inspired when I read this one.   If I could give it 10 stars I would and as I write this review I am buying it for 2 of my friends as gifts.
B000056NX4|1.0|This was the worst version of Jesus Christ Superstar I have ever seen!The singing (especially Judas) was HORRIBLE! And the staging was awful. I can't believe Andrew Lloyd Webber actually approved of this whole project. Im so disappointed in it and Im sorry I wasted my money.I was about to turn it off, but I watched all of it in hopes that it would get better, but it didn't. I should've have just bought the movie version.I actually didn't even want to rate this one star, but I couldnt leave it blank. I'll give it one star just for the hanging of Judas, because it put us out of out misery for a few songs.
B00005B36H|5.0|...this is one of the best rock albums of the year. aside from the fact that some songs sound too similar, this is nothing short of phenomenal. besides, it's better than anything fred durst and his fellow impotent bandmates could ever crank out. everyone says that they went too artsy with this and they should make stuff more raw and enraged like opiate, unertow, and aenima. while those are all great albums, nothing exceeds this. a track by track analysis: the grudge: this track is not something to drive with. you get caught up in the guitars, vocals and rolling tribal drumbeats. you'll kill yourself. eon blue apocalypse-a nice little lonely guitar instrumental. the patient-not one of my favorite songs, but nonetheless good. mantra-creepy. ghostly, humpback whale sounds lead perfectly into... schism.-one of the best songs, with amazing bass and drums, spine-weakening guitar licks, and incredible vocals. parabol-a little too slow. but it leads amazingly into parabola-  simply put, a fast true heavy metal song. ticks and leeches-agression to 3 quiet minutes to screaming and throttling guitars that culminate in a bloody finish. lateralus-brooding, moody, sometimes quiet, but great. disposition-softly beaten bongos, lightly plucked guitar, and soft vocals. kinda indian soudning. reflection-a true epic in itself. maynard's best vocals are here, along with middle eastern, slightly aboriginal sounding guitar and drums. triad-a rushing instrumental with weird static effects and highly distorted guitars. faaip de oiad-undoubtedly the creepiest track. a drum solo complete with a radio sample of a man talking about aliens in a way as convincing as Orson Welles reading off The War Of The Worlds on the radio in 1938. little kids would pee their pants listening to this,...even some teens and adults would.
B000002UAX|5.0|1968--a vintage year of sorts.  We lost two idealist icons, Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy.  We also lost the White House to Richard Nixon.  And let's not forget the riots in Chicago.  Then there was the My-Lai Massacre in Vietnam, and the kidnapping of the crew of the U.S.S. Pueblo by North Korea.  Was there a bright side to this turbulent year?  Yes there was, actually.  The Beatles released their tenth album, their self-titled White album.  Oh yes, one more thing--your humble reviewer was also born that year.<br />Yes, I was born the same year that the Beatles released their masterpiece.  And get this--it's also my favorite album of ALL TIME.<br />The eclectic mix of music on the White album mirrors my own eclectic taste in music:  the 1920's jazz of &quot;Honey Pie&quot; and &quot;Martha My Dear,&quot; the reggae of &quot;Obladi Oblada,&quot; hard rock crunch of &quot;Helter Skelter,&quot; blues of &quot;Yer Blues,&quot; honky-tonk of &quot;Rocky Raccoon&quot; and &quot;Don't Pass Me By,&quot; and the weirdness of the experimental &quot;Revolution No. 9,&quot;<br />And think about it; most of the best known Beatles covers have been from this very album.  &quot;Back In The U.S.S.R.&quot; has been covered by Billy Joel, &quot;Dear Prudence&quot; by Siouxsie &amp; The Banshees, &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; by Bad Company, &quot;Don't Pass Me By&quot; by the Georgia Satellites, &quot;I Will&quot; by Alison Krauss, &quot;Julia&quot; by Bongwater, and &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; by who knows how many artists, including Pat Benatar and U2.<br />Sir Paul, who's my favorite Beatle, had excellent contributions here, such as &quot;I Will,&quot; &quot;Blackbird,&quot; &quot;Mother Nature's Son,&quot; and the down and dirty &quot;Why Don't We Do It On The Road&quot; and &quot;Helter Skelter.&quot;  &quot;Blackbird&quot; was the song used during the closing credits of The Compleat Beatles (1982) documentary and as such, remains one of my favorite tunes on this album.  It is songs such as this, the aforementioned &quot;I Will&quot; and Revolver songs such as &quot;For No One&quot; and &quot;Here, There, And Everywhere&quot; that remind me what a great songwriter and singer he is.<br />I bought the White album as part of the Beatles collection in the rolltop box.  The booklet stated that few listeners have bothered to listen through all of &quot;Revolution No. 9&quot; more than once.  Well, I guess they don't know me, right?<br />The album closes with &quot;Good Night&quot; a string-laden ballad sung by Ringo, a direct contrast to the raucous &quot;Back In The U.S.S.R.&quot; which began the entire album.<br />Don't get me wrong.  I love all the Beatles albums.  Sgt Peppers is in my Top Ten albums of all-time, and I've grown to appreciate Abbey Road more and more, but this album is definitely one for my desert island collection.es on this album.  It is songs such as this, the aforementioned &quot;I Will&quot; and Revolver songs such as &quot;For No One&quot; and &quot;Here, There, And Everywhere&quot; that remind me what a great songwriter and singer he is.<br />I bought the White album as part of the Beatles collection in the rolltop box.  The booklet stated that few listeners have bothered to listen through all of &quot;Revolution No. 9&quot; more than once.  Well, I guess they don't know me, right?<br />The album closes with &quot;Good Night&quot; a string-laden ballad sung by Ringo, a direct contrast to the raucous &quot;Back In The U.S.S.R.&quot; which began the entire album.<br />Don't get me wrong.  I love all the Beatles albums.  Sgt Peppers is in my Top Ten albums of all-time, and I've grown to appreciate Abbey Road more and more, but this album is definitely one for my desert island collection.
6303168507|5.0|This movie is for a serious minded drama fan that has time to site through and understand the film. Spielberg doesn't hold back to show the world the true horror that we went through during the Holocaust, and the unlikely hero that saved 1500 Jews from extermination. Starring Liam Neeson as Oskar Schindler, it chroniclizes the events that led up to Oskar having an enterprise to a haven that saved Jews. Ben Kingsly is his Jewish accountant that helps him through troubled times. It even shows Oskar trying to show Amon Goeth, a very brutal Nazi, what's going on and what he his doing is very wrong. This is easily Spielbergs signature film and should be viewed by all who have the time and patience to watch the whole thing.
B000002LK1|5.0|What can I say? The memories wrapped up in this CD are priceless. Whenever I hear the bass line thumping from &quot;Personal Jesus,&quot; I'm immediately taken back to the dark, smoke-filled nightclubs where my friends and I would dance to the point of exhaustion. <br />Though it is more mainstream than previous DM efforts, it still rates as their finest, in my opinion. The entire CD is worth  listening to over and over. It's a true package of art. To take one song out to try to market on another CD or alone, would destroy the balance that Dave and the boys have achieved here. The flow is fluid.
B00004TRD8|5.0|this is an excellent disk, it contains 3 versions of the movie.  The theatical version, special edition, and extended special edition (you have to enter a code to access the last one, the code being 82997, as in Aug. 8th 1997) There are enough special features to keep you occupied for hours.  I would definately recomend this disk to anyone. IT IS EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00004STPT|5.0|I thought the film deserved a lot more than just 5 Oscars, but I don't vote for the films; I just pay to see them. I am not too much into soundtracks but only a few that I own are extremely good. I am a fan of Classical music and so it stands to reason that the soundtracks of Star Wars: The Phantom Menance and GLADIATOR stand out. Gladiator's music is so powerful and moving. It brought back a lot of memories of that movie. I cannot pick any partiuclar piece of music that is better than the rest because, it is all great. If you love Classical music, Russell Crowe and the movie GLADIATOR; go out and grab this cd. It is a must have for people who love good music and movies.
0425180638|1.0|Black Notice, Southern Cross, The Last Precinct.  Three little doggies after a terrific string of great books.  I blame myself for being dumb enough to read The Last Precinct after I read a glowing review in the newspaper  (probably written by the publisher).  I won't be suckered in again in the future.  It's kind of sad, too, because I really liked Kay and Marino and Lucy.  They are now like old friends who have moved away.  Another thing that frosts my butt is that I paid big money, four dollars and forty nine cents at Costco for this book instead of waiting for it to go on sale at the library overstock sale for about eighty cents.  This book isn't worth eighty cents.  This book is an economic anomaly, like a cat, it has negative value.     Aside from the usual transgressions of the previous two dogs, such as no story, no resolution of key mysteries, etc., this book sacrifices a poor little dog named Mr. Peanut so we are supposed to buy the next book to see his killer get justice.  No way.  I haven't seen a ploy this transparent since I didn't care &quot;Who shot J.R.&quot; on the TV show &quot;Dallas&quot; twenty years ago.
B00005B36H|5.0|This album, as Aenima before it, is a perfectly firing synapse. Both are immediately identifiable. Lateralus is a train of thought upon genius rails. If you can't understand this, then you were not listening.
0399146253|1.0|Black Notice, Southern Cross, The Last Precinct.  Three little doggies after a terrific string of great books.  I blame myself for being dumb enough to read The Last Precinct after I read a glowing review in the newspaper  (probably written by the publisher).  I won't be suckered in again in the future.  It's kind of sad, too, because I really liked Kay and Marino and Lucy.  They are now like old friends who have moved away.  Another thing that frosts my ... is that I paid big money, four dollars and forty nine cents at Costco for this book instead of waiting for it to go on sale at the library overstock sale for about eighty cents.  This book isn't worth eighty cents.  This book is an economic anomaly, like a cat, it has negative value.     Aside from the usual transgressions of the previous two dogs, such as no story, no resolution of key mysteries, etc., this book sacrifices a poor little dog named Mr. Peanut so we are supposed to buy the next book to see his killer get justice.  No way.  I haven't seen a ploy this transparent since I didn't care \\"Who shot J.R.\\" on the TV show \\"Dallas\\" twenty years ago.
B000002HIK|5.0|I was amazed when I first heard the Richard D. James album, but this one is head and shoulders above the previously mentioned album. This album, &quot;I Care Because You Do&quot;, is a much more mature album whereas the Richard D. James album sounds very childlike, but no doubt that was his intention, hence the song titles Goongumpas, To Cure a Weakling Child, etc. This album is a more ambient album, but mostly it should probably be called hard ambient because it's not like anything I've heard from SAWII. Songs like &quot;Start as You Mean to go On&quot;, and &quot;Acrid Avid Jam Shred&quot; have loud drums throughout the song with ambient tracks beneath, but yet they still captivate you while you listen, and are very hypnotic even with the loud percussion. Other songs like &quot;Mookid&quot; especially, but also &quot;Alberto Balsalm&quot; (one of the coolest songs ever), &quot;Wet Tip Hen Ax&quot;, &quot;Icct Hedral&quot;, and &quot;Next Heap With&quot; are closer to the ambience of SAWII. &quot;Mookid&quot; and &quot;Alberto Balsalm&quot; are both absolutely beautiful. &quot;Icct Hedral&quot; is one of the most awesome songs I've ever heard. It is such a dark, evil sounding song, and it just sucks you in that it becomes scary. I was listening to this track on night when I was pretty close to being asleep, in other words I was lying down totally relaxed, and with a clear mind while the music was playing. I was totally relaxed just letting the music wash over me, then this track Icct Hedral reachs, somewhere around the 5 minute mark, and I literally had the breath sucked outta me, it was such an intense experience. You'll have to listen to the song to understand what I mean, but in the state I was in it totally affected me in a way I have never been affected by music. It was almost like I fell down a trap door, and my god, it was cool!!! Anyways, check this album out if you like the Richard D. James album, or the Come to Daddy EP, or if you just like music of all kinds. My favorite tracks are Alberto Balsalm, Mookid, Icct Hedral, Start as You Mean to go On, and Wet Tip Hen Ax.
0515125024|5.0|I've spent a long time searching for a hero to replace John D. MacDonald's Travis McGee. I've found him in Jack Reacher. I was clueless when I purchased the book based on an Amazon recommendation, and I was hooked from page 1. Author Lee Child creates well-rounded, fully developed characters and places them in jeopardy in plots that are original and wonderfully complex. The amount of technical information actually *enhances* the action; you barely have time to breathe before being thrust into another life-and-death confrontation with evil. Okay, I'm in love with Jack Reacher, all right? He's way too tall for my tastes, but that's the magic of imagination -- I can make him Richard Burgi in my mind! If you love mysteries with a hard edge or jaw-clenching adventure, you must read this book!
B00000D9TQ|5.0|I definitely recommend this CD to anyone who loves to listen to great 80's music. It has all of his great hits including &quot;Easy Lover&quot;,&quot;Sussudio&quot;,etc. I love listening to this CD.
0393317552|4.0|This is a very good book - a scientific approach to world history. However, there is one thing missing that has not been mentioned in any review I checked so I decided to write mine.<br />Maybe the most important question only partially answered is why it was Western Europe and not Middle East or China that would end up on the top. One geographical factor Dr Diamond largely ignores is the Inner Eurasian Steppe and its inhabitants. Because of environmental factors they were forced to practice nomadic pastoralism that was not very conducive to scientific and cultural advancement. However, it helped them to gain a formidable military ascendancy as expert horse-archers. Therefore, Attila, Chingish Khan, Timur Lenk and a bunch of other Turco-Mongol khagans were able to defeat their sedentary neighbours and create vast but short-lived empires. They attacked China, Persia, India and Middle East quite a many times, and conquered them a few times, causing enormous destruction every time but contributing very little to the advancement of any of the societies affected. <br />On the other hand, Western Europe was protected against them quite effectively by Eastern and Central European forests, Carpathians, Alps and a few other mountain ranges. The most western steppe region is the Hungarian Plain, and it is too small to support a large Steppe army (100 000 mounted warriors, 1/2 - 1 million horses) for any length of time. Therefore, Western Europe was really endangered only twice - by Huns when the Roman Empire collapsed, and by Mongols in the thirteenth century, and both attacks eventually failed.
B00004TWSX|5.0|Add class, grace, and professionalism, and you get Queen. With the amazing voice of one beloved Freddie Mercury (RIP), along with Brian May's quirky guitar licks, Taylors's drummin, and Deacon's no-nonsense bass beat, Queen will forever be unforgettable. This album changed my musical horizons.  I could not believe what I was hearing on this album. It is a masterpiece. Bohemian Rhapsody is only a smidget of what makes up this wonderful album.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! The next album to get after this one is the joyful &quot;A DAY AT THE RACES&quot;. Another masterpiece that never ceases to inspire me!
0380729407|4.0|Two young boys, William and Jim, are faced with quite the carnival. Cooger and Dark's Pandemonium Shadow Show has come to Green Town, Illinois where Will and Jim reside. Little do they know, this is more than your average carnival...<br />This book haunts you, it's crazy, but you enjoy almost every minute of it. Ray Bradbury is quite the story teller, every one of his books explore a different world.. very unlike ours...
B0000203YT|2.0|I found this movie to be a bore.  It was overacted and it tried too hard to be funny. Paltrow is so awfully boring. If you want to see a real film, check out &quot;Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead&quot;.  Oldman and Roth make an outstanding team. Imagine looking at the &quot;Hamlet&quot; story  through the eyes of two of it's mere sidemen.  Wonderful!
B000002H97|5.0|This album rocks! All the songs are great and they all have great heart pounding lyrics,Metallica Forever!
B00004WGAI|4.0|Honestly, no adaptation will ever match the beauty of the novel itself. With that being said, I think that this adaptation is wonderful. Although Jane Eyre is the main character here, Timothy Dalton certainly steals the show as Mr. Rochester. He acts beautifully, and I'll forgive him that he is TOO handsome as a Mr. Rochester :) I do think, though, that the Jane Eyre in this series is portrayed a bit differently than the one in the novel. I think the novel portrays her as being a little spunkier and with a tad more sex appeal. I fear she is almost too quiet in the series, but alas, there are lots of high notes/scenes which outweigh that thought. Oh, Timothy Dalton certainly plays Rochester to a tee, and... would send any woman's heart racing! Check out Timothy Dalton's portrayal of Heathcliff in the 1970's adaptation of 'Wuthering Heights' too! Two completely different characters, but WORTH the viewing, and would make any woman wish to be Catherine as much as Jane.
B00003A9QL|5.0|S&amp;M is the perfect album for a beginning Metallica fan,it is awesome,it would inspire anybody to buy more Metallica CDs
B00001U0E1|2.0|I found this movie to be a bore.  It was overacted and it tried too hard to be funny. Paltrow is so awfully boring. If you want to see a real film, check out &quot;Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead&quot;.  Oldman and Roth make an outstanding team. Imagine looking at the &quot;Hamlet&quot; story  through the eyes of two of it's mere sidemen.  Wonderful!
0062511408|5.0|This book really made me think about my goals in life. Sometimes, somehow we lose passion and confidence in our dreams and in ourselves. However, this book will open your eyes and give you energy for becoming all you can be. Enjoy it!
0060273224|5.0|I absolutely loved reading &quot;Sabriel&quot;. I loved the way Mr. Nix opened up the dark world of necromancy to those ill-educated to it. I was inspired by Sabriel's strong connection to reality. She has a very strong will and is quite brave, but still knows that there is much to learn in her vast world of mysteries. Garth Nix is an increadable writer and I commend him greatly on his work. Mr. Nix, If you read this, I am an enormous fan. I look forward to more pieces of work. I am planning to go searching for other books that I do not presently own, such as &quot;Lirael&quot; and &quot;The Seventh Tower&quot; series. Thank you so much for making reading quite enjoyable for me. If anyone is planning to read this book, do it! You won't regret it!
0375501851|5.0|I really looked forward to diving into &quot;White Teeth&quot; each day on the subway going to and from work.  The first two chapters are sensational, and though it's not consistently great, there are many places where it soars.  Smith has tremendous compassion for her flawed characters.  Just when she seems to be running out of steam in places, she introduces new characters like the incredible Chalfen family, or brings back old ones like Magid, the twin exiled to Bangladesh, whose dialogue with a cockney/Asian bar owner is priceless.
B00005M989|3.0|Think of this cd as Prince with training wheels. While not a complete history of Prince's career as the Hits/B-Sides collection, it serves as a decent starting point for anyone interested in an overview of his music. I know this release has many Prince fans in an uproar since they feel it is just another way that Warner Bros. is getting over on him, but this release is not intended for hardcore fans who already own his entire collection but for those who may be interested in experiencing him for the first time, and this cd serves it's purpose, though not without fault. This is hardly a best of Prince collection considering the absence of such essentials as Dirty Mind, Sexy MF and I Could Never take the Place of Your Man.
B000002U9W|3.0|4 me PF is from Meddle 2 Final Cut. What is before and after is okay, but not great. This album is declared 2 be an essential one, I think it is an overrated album, check out Wish U Were Here, Meddle or Dark Side instead, and even Animals is better than Atom Heart Mother. Summer '68 and Fat Old Sun R good work, and the title track has it's moments, but there R parts that simply ruin the whole value of the album. Okay, I am not going 2 compare it 2 The Wall, which is far better, cause it wouldn't be fair, but listen 2 this music and Wish U Were Here, U HAVE 2 FEEL THE DIFFERENCE! New Floyd fans should get their later (and not latest!) works first.
B00005221M|1.0|I was very disappointed by this DVD - this is the first time I've ever felt strongly enough to write a negative review of an item.  My main complaint is the abysmal sound quality:  with DTS sound it should have been ideal, but, as stated by others, one can hardly hear the dialogue or even the beautiful music score.  It would also be nice to have a choice of theatrical and director's cut - this doesn't seem to be a problem for other sets.  This great movie deserves much better treatment than it received here.  (And so do the fans willing to pay this kind of money for it!!)
B000002A3T|3.0|While A Momentary Lapse Of Reason sounds like a Gilmour solo album (but not as good as About Face), Division Bell sounds as a Rick Wright solo album, and it is quite good 4 that, but still, this CD is below PF standards.
0312965788|5.0|James Herriot's books stand out in modern writing as absolute classics, evocative of an earlier, more innocent time, and more wonderously, by the skill with which these deceptively simple, entertaining, moving stories are written. Beneath the entertaining text and characters lies absolutely beautiful, artful writing, with craft and skill that ties all these chapters and stories together in a pattern of one country vet's life in England in the 1930's and 40's. These are so much more than animal stories. I am biased; these are my favorite all-time books, read and re-read since my youth. Increasing age has not diminished their charm. History will write James Herriot's name large. If you haven't read these books yet, you owe it to yourself to start with &quot;All Creatures Great and Small&quot;. Whether or not you care for animals, you will fall in love with a gentler time, the escapades of a trio of young men, and the laugh-out-loud as well as very tearful events this author writes about so beautifully. Absolutely timeless and a classic.
B000002B35|2.0|I am tired of listening 2 live shows where the post-Waters group play old Pink Floyd songs... Why they don't make a new album instead? First the 2 CD live show, then this one and then Anybody out there... boring, very boring. Fans R waiting 4 new songs, it is not the way 2 keep alive a team with only old songs (with many of Waters'). The two stars R 4 the pressure with these live shows, of course, they play well as usual.
B000002I25|5.0|This album is pretty good. I'm one of the younger Doors' listeners that grew up with the brilliance of Nirvana beforehand. This shocked me though, I didn't think an older band could make such a great album. Pure pyschadelica! It really takes you away to a beautiful place if you allow yourself to just kind of drift into it. \\"Break On Through\\" is pretty good and really rocks out but is a song that I get tired of after a while. \\"Soul Kitchen\\" has great synthesizer and is one that you can just slip into. Contrary to what some people may think, it's not about sex. Its about Jim drifting and a nice lady let him spend the night at her house and he thanked her through the song Soul Kitchen. \\"The Crystal Ship\\" is a nice little ballad that is one of my favorites on this cd. I think it's timeless. <br />Well there you go. Get this cd and I also recommend Strange Days, Morrison Hotel, and In Concert. I havent gotten LA Woman yet so I'll write a review on that one too sometime most likely.
B000002UA2|5.0|This was the first PF album I owned on cassette when I was a kid. Since then it still remained one of my favourites. Don't bother with Momentary or Division Bell, get albums from this PF-era first, U cannot go wrong with it!
B00003ETJQ|5.0|Most cinema is really just plays on film.  Nothing wrong with that, but when one is evaluating the uniquness of the medium, even special-effects blockbusters can be thought of more purely cinema than, say, a Merchant-Ivory production might be .  \\"Baraka\\" inherits its grammar from painting rather than theater, but understands its \\"movie-ness\\" as well. It could even be described as a visual piece of music - and here I do not refer to its excellently-integrated soundtrack - the experience is a visual fugue. If you're looking for thrills, seek elsewhere.  This is a meditation, a quiet dynamo that will fill you with longing and amazement.
B0000025ZK|5.0|This is a really great album, I can suggest buying it 2 anyone who likes well done british rock music of the '80s. This is Gilmour at its best. This is better than Floyd's A Momentary Lapse of Reason and The Division Bell together. If U liked the first 5 tracks on Momentary, then this is the CD 4 U.
B00001QEE9|4.0|The name Disney has always carried the stigma of wholesomeness, which all too often translates into fatuous and insipid &quot;family entertainment,&quot; but the Pleasure Island segment of Pinocchio ranks among the supreme moments of horror in all of cinema - the loss of the self is so much more greusome than death.  Worth having for that brilliant and ghastly scene alone.
B00003CXSP|3.0|You would think that with the combination of a fantastic director like Ridley Scott, stellar screenwriters like David Mamet and Steven Zaillian, and astounding actors like Anthony Hopkins and Julianne Moore; that you would have one of the greatest films ever made. Well Hannibal is, disappointedly, far from it. <br />Scott's normally masterful direction is quite weak in Hannibal. Many of the action/suspense sequences are rather lifleless, which is surprising considering he's given us such riveting films as Alien and Gladiator.<br />Steven Zaillian and David Mamet's screenplay is not what you would come to expect from the men who wrote such masterworks Schindler's List and The Untouchables. They had a little too much fun with some of the characters. There are some very awkward lines of dialogue. A little more depth and thoroughness wouldn't have hurt. <br />The pacing isn't the greatest either. After the opening shoot-out (which isn't that riveting, anyway), the film takes a while to get going again. <br />Anthony Hopkins gives a solid performance. Julianne Moore is pretty good but I couldn't help but miss Jodie Foster. Gary Oldman delivers an unnecessarily over-the-top performance and comes off as being quite annoying, as the disturbed Mason Verger. Giancarlo Giannini gives a great performance, and probably the film's best, as the sleazy Italian detective, Rinaldo Pazzi. <br />Some of the films highlights are John Mathieson's sharp and atmospheric cinematography and Han Zimmer's wonderfully haunting musical score. <br />Hannibal could have been worse but it could have been a lot better.
B0000025VU|4.0|As another reviewer here has correctly noted, listening to recent Dylan can be a frustrating experience - some good songs, a few great ones, much filler, and not much cohesion.  Infidels largely escapes this fate, however; the great songs are great indeed (Jokerman, Sweetheart Like You) and most of the rest are very good.  More importantly, though, this album feels whole, not thrown together, and the lyrics, singing, and playing have an intensity to them, as if Bob wanted to make sure the message got through. What is the message?  Watch your back and keep your nose clean, I take it - &quot;People smile to your face but behind your back they hiss,&quot; and &quot;Sometimes Satan comes as a man of peace,&quot; to give but two examples.  Maybe not Dylan's most profound message, but not bad advice either.
B00003CXGG|5.0|THIS IS NO SEQUEL TO ROMEO AND JULIET!<br />JET LI stars as Han Sing, a Chinese kung fu master who's brother was murdered.  Now he is seeking revenge on the man who murdered him.  But what he doesn't know is who the killer is and what kind of scandal is going on between the Americans and Asians.  Now he teams up with a young woman who must be protected from dangerous Chinese enemies, who would do anything to stop LI.  <br />MY REVIEW:<br />\\"Just because JET LI is attached to cables doesn't mean [anything].  KEANU REEVES was attached to cables in The Matrix but no one was complaining.  You don't have to believe in the movie, you just sit back and enjoy the non-stop action.  Humor and Kung Fu come together to make this joyride that isn't necessarily a perfect movie, but is just fun to watch.  So check this movie out, even though you know some of the karate is fake, just remember it is a movie, meant for entertainment. Judge it how you want, but ROMEO MUST DIE is a sweet a-- ride of action adventure!\\"- MJV & the Movies.
B000000XBE|5.0|Believe me, this is the best greatest hits collection i have ever heard.  I am only 17, so Creedence was way before my time, but I love their music.  It is so different from all the other rock from that era yet so brilliant.  Every single song on this album gets me singing and gets me in a great mood.  Buy it, it's worth it.  If I could give it more than 5 stars I would.
0800177177|5.0|personally the people who didnt like this movie are blind! i luved it its so romantic! once i saw the movie i wanted to read the book badly. francis did an excellent job with the visual effects breath taking story and excellent characters good work!
B000002BYD|5.0|I have been listening to this album pretty regularly since it came out in 98'.  I think that it is their best work because they demonstrate everything that they are capable of musically.  It shows their hard rock edge, their &quot;ballad&quot; style and everything in between.  Not to mention the songwriting.  Our best musicians today are our modern-day poets, and PJ is the supreme example. <br />&quot;Yield&quot; reminds me alot of Led Zeppelin's &quot;Physical Graffitti&quot;.  That is my favorite album from Zep because it is their most mature; the best songwriting, hardest rock riffs and yet the best ballads too.  All the songs blend together seamlessly.  I think that it is the best work they ever did, and I think that in the same way &quot;Yield&quot; is the crowning achievement of Pearl Jam.  <br />Also, buy &quot;Single Video Theory&quot;.  Then sit down with some good friends and a good smoke and watch it-you'll love it and you'll fall in love with Yield all over again.  I promise.
B00003CXBK|5.0|While the themes are none too subtle, the film itself is a spectatular example of what a movie can do.  I  thought the english dubbing (even though I prefer subtitles) was very well done, and of course the visuals are stunning.  I highly reccomend this film to almost anyone, even those who aren't too interested in Japanese animation.
B00002EPJH|5.0|The very first time I heard this CD I started crying...It is a CD full of introspection; it made me feel sadness and hope at the same time, because what we hear is not simple music but true human fellings...I consider myself a lucky person because I always heard this cd with someone that I understood and liked...Because this a unique cd, and sometimes one person listening to it is already too much.
B000007NZ5|4.0|I bought this album with great anticipation...I had liked the &quot;Eternal Idol&quot; album just fine and was ecstatic to hear that Tony Iommi had hooked up with Cozy Powell (RIP, brother, no-one will ever drum like you!) and was working with Tony Martin again.  I especially felt good about this after the STUPID, UNFUNNY JOKE STORY that Kerrang! ran about TOM JONES joining Black Sabbath in early '89...some were fool enough to believe it...<br />This album is dark, moody and Sabbath at its best.  Admittedly, sometimes the lyrics go a bit too close to the dark side for me, but Tony Martin is probably the best singer Sabbath ever had (INCLUDING OZZY), and I say that as a huge Dio fan.  I was fortunate enough to see Sabbath with Tony Martin on their &quot;Cross Purposes&quot; tour in '94...amazing singer, WHY, OH WHY jack in his creativity for ca$h with the Ozzy reunion?  These songs are brilliant and it's hard to pick a favourite, but I'd say the crushing &quot;When Death Calls&quot; (Brian May, take a bow) and the epic closer &quot;Nightwing&quot; (featuring some of Iommi's best-ever classical/electric guitar interplay) stand out.  Buy it.
020161622X|4.0|The concepts are well-presented with cross-discipline explanations making it compatible with all programmers. A quick read with many benefits and inspiration.
B00005HYH3|5.0|listend to the stuff a long time ago. Hear the base line in Corporal Clegg, it is like a nightmare. Also let there be more light is in wispering mode to your mind. This is music you never forget once you heard it.<br />As we know Pink Floyd is here on a turning point, because some recordings on this Album are with syd barret others are with davic gilmoure. The threw barret, because he could not play on stage anymore.
6305609721|4.0|STAR TREK IV: THE VOYAGE HOME    (USA - 1986)    Aspect ratio: 2.39:1 (Panavision)  Theatrical soundtrack: 6-track Dolby Stereo    The fourth instalment in a series initiated by STAR TREK: THE MOTION PICTURE in 1979, this glorious confection opens with joyous, celebratory theme music by veteran composer Leonard Rosenman, setting an appropriate tone for the entire film. In the words of director Leonard Nimoy, \\"Trek IV\\" is a 'caper', an old-fashioned fish-out-of-water scenario in which the crew of the 'Enterprise' travel backwards in time to 1986 to capture a pair of humpbacked whales (extinct in their own era), the only creatures capable of answering the signal from a monstrous, towering probe which is orbiting 23rd century Earth and causing havoc on a worldwide scale. The ecological message may simply be a by-product of the clever script, but it underlines the narrative at every turn, making serious what might otherwise have been little more than a lightweight, throwaway entry in the long-running franchise.    Though Kirk, Spock and McCoy necessarily hog the limelight, as usual, all of the secondary characters - Scotty, Uhura, Chekov and Sulu - play a vital role in the development of the story, and each one contributes a substantial element to the overall structure. It's good to see these hugely talented (and frankly under-appreciated) supporting players finally given an opportunity to strut their stuff on the big screen, and the results are by turns funny, dramatic and quietly moving. Favorite bits: Scotty's hilarious 'interaction' with a 20th century computer; and something which happens in the closing minutes before the end titles, surely one of the most rapturous, spine-tingling moments in the entire history of the Trek phenomenon. Poignantly, and without any trace of irony, this otherwise joyful movie is dedicated to the crew of the space shuttle Challenger which met with disaster in 1986.    By the way, UK prints of this movie open with a brief recap of events in Trek II and III (running 3m 30s) which is completely absent from the American version.    Followed by STAR TREK V: THE FINAL FRONTIER (1989).
0385472951|3.0|I was caught up in the wonderful story and was completely disappointed with the ending. If you skip the last chapter, it's worth the read, if you read the last chapter, you may decide to never read Grisham again.
B00005LQ04|5.0|A film of nightmare logic and hallucinatory images, Dario Argento's Suspiria may be the one horror film to evoke childlike terror in adult viewers.  The score is also one of cinema's finest, an infernal melody and genuinely creepy stuff.  If you haven't seen it, wait for Anchor Bay's Sept release, as picture and sound should be superlative for this film!
6301161572|5.0|Don Giovanni, dark, comic, is Mozar'ts greatest Italian opera. If you have seen Amadeus, then you will love this filmed version of the opera. It is stunning, shot in beautiful Italy, with lavish costume and a terrific performance. Maazel conducting, the talents of the great Kiri Te Kenawa (Dona Elvira), Berganza (Zerlina) Van Dam (as the Commandatore) and Edda Moser (Dona Ana) and of course the Don has never sounded more scheming. It is a tale of the legendary lover, frustrated in his romantic conquest of Dona Ana whose slain father returns to life in the famous dinner scene. The moralistic ending, after we see the stubborn Don's persuit of women, his witty sidekick Leporello, and the many intricate plots sorrounding him by Elvira, Dona Ana and her brother who have vowed revenge on the Don. It is a terrific opera and frankly, no greater film version out there. Look no further. This is the Don Giovanni to watch.
0425180638|1.0|Once again Cornwell has reduced women to soul searching and ineffective part of human kind.  Spending 2/3rds of the book getting to the story is asking a lot.  I personally won't go down that road again.  Give it up, the Gen x, Thirty something moaning is just plain a pain.
B000002KHH|4.0|This is NOT Black Sabbath's best work. War Pigs is okay but is no match for anything on their first album and the albums to come. The song Paranoid is not worth listening to, seeing as the guitar solo sounds like one big long noted fart. Planet caravan was by far the best song on the album, despite the overrated piece of [junk] know as Iron Man. It seems as though you can't even mention Black Sabbath without some stupid jock who usually listens to Limp Bizkit(Floppy Muffin) start loudly humming an out of tune version of Iron Man.... I never liked it much anyway.
0780622553|4.0|To my great dissapointment, Dark City was a &quot;slept-on&quot; movie which has been greatly overlooked by Matrix fans. Believe me, if you like the Matrix, for its aura of futuristic battles and the &quot;bibilical&quot; themes that arise from it. You will definetely like this movie. Dark City is a movie that takes place, sometime in the future. Not giving away too much of the story, Dark City explores the fact that our world may not be as familiar to us as we think it is. It involves the theory that we[humans] are mere puppets controlled by a higher being in a realm that we call our universe. The most important thing everyone should consider while watching this movie is .....THIS WAS CREATED BEFORE THE MATRIX. So you might be suprised how much the writers from the Matrix used &quot;creative borrowing&quot;. Nonetheless, watch Dark City and enjoy its great story and superb filming. <br />-Sheraz
0679879269|5.0|This is the third book in the His Dark Materials trilogy, and it's probably the best book I've ever read.  The writing style is terrific, and when I finished, I had to pull myself out of Lyra and Will's universe.  I've read this book probably 20 times, and I love it every time.  When I got it, I stayed up all night to read it.  You have to read this book!
6300213714|5.0|I liked this movie because the concept of gangs out numbering the police 5 to 1 is not that unbelievable. The movie sparks you imagination. Buy it you'll like it
0671027573|5.0|In MR. PERFECT, Linda Howard mixes humor, romance, insanity and crime to create an unusual style, but a &quot;perfect&quot; book.<br />Jaine Bright has just bought her first house and it appears that her next door neighbor is a noisy, inconsiderate slob.  Jaine and her three friends gather over dinner and complain of that neighbor and their problems with men, in general.  Just for fun, they develop a list of qualities that their Mr. Perfect should have.  Somehow the list becomes public, then it snowballs.<br />The real problem starts when, somewhere out there, one person  thinks the list was created just for him, just to make him look bad.  And he'll do anything, even kill, to make those responsible pay.<br />MR. PERFECT is unusual, a wonderful book, a real page-turner, and a must read!
0440211727|5.0|A Time to Kill is, in my opinion, Grisham's finest work (standing just a little higher that The Firm). It was also Grisham's first book and I read somewhere that he had it privately published because, at the time, no-one would touch it. (Shows what unknown struggling authors have to put up with, doesn't it!). Anyway, the good news is that, after Grisham hit the top-sellers lists, A Time to Kill was republished and it, too, became a bestseller.<br />It's a gripping tale of a young lawyer defending a black Vietnam war hero who has killed two white men (who raped his daughter). The tale is a mixture of the Grisham-style legal story and of America's tragic history of slavery and black repression. Grisham tells the story perfectly. His dialogue is spot on. There is one, superb passage where the local reverend is preaching to his flock. If you can imagine a 'Blues Brothers' type of scenario with 'I have seen the light' coming from the congretation as the preacher winds them up, you'll get the picture.<br />Carl Lee Hailey (the Vietnam war veteran) gets hold of an M-16, kills the rapists on the courthouse steps, then turns for help to attorney Jake Brigance. Some of the local folk want to give Carl Lee a second medal for his action, but premeditated murder is hard to ignore, and anyway, the town is divided. Blacks note that a white man shooting a black rapist would be acquitted. The KKK turns up the heat. The NAACP gets involved. Due to the publicity, a big local firm of lawyers get in on the act and try to outmaneuver Jake. Jake has a secret weapon though - his brilliant, but disbarred ex-partner. <br />As Amazon's own review says'Crosses burn, people die, crowds chant &quot;Free Carl Lee!&quot; and &quot;Fry Carl Lee!&quot; in the antiphony of America's classical tragedy.' A superb book. A wonderful story, brilliantly written.
0671027573|5.0|In MR. PERFECT, Linda Howard mixes humor, romance, insanity and crime to create an unusual style, but a &quot;perfect&quot; book.<br />Jaine Bright has just bought her first house and it appears that her next door neighbor is a noisy, inconsiderate slob. Jaine and her three friends gather over dinner and complain of that neighbor and their problems with men, in general. Just for fun, they develop a list of qualities that their Mr. Perfect should have. Somehow the list becomes public, then it snowballs.<br />The real problem starts when, somewhere out there, one person thinks the list was created just for him, just to make him look bad. And he'll do anything, even kill, to make those responsible pay.<br />MR. PERFECT is unusual, a wonderful book, a real page-turner, and a must read!
014100018X|5.0|You'd have to be living the life of a high altitude hermit to avoid the hype that surrounded the film, but I can promise you the book is much better. I read the book first and, frankly, the film was a big disappointment.<br />Joanne Harris tells a moving tale of Vianne Rocher and her daughter Anouk. Vianne sets up a chocolate shop in a small village in France. Unfortunately, the parish priest sees her enterprise as a threat to his conventional control over the simple village folk. But Vianne finds an unlikely ally in Armande, an old lady who shook off the reins of the church many years earlier. The conflict between shop owner and priest grows when gypsies arrive in town. The priest is against them: Vianne is not. And it seems that the priest is hiding an awful secret.<br />Chocolat is wonderfully written - a real 'feelgood' book. Joanne Harris reveals some extraordinary insights, fresh with gentle humour. Even if you've seen the film, I recommend you read the book.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day's \\"Dookie\\" is my personal favorite out of all of the albums they have written. \\"Dookie\\" is a mix of fast punk rock with a little bit of melody added into the equation. <br />Tracks like \\"Longview\\", \\"Basketcase\\", and \\"Burnout\\" are good examples of fast punk rock. The song \\"When I Come Around\\" is a good mix of punk with a melodic tune to it. However, fast or melodic, I like them both. The songs have a variety of style to them, some being melodic, and others which are very fast songs with a punk attitude to them.<br />What makes \\"Dookie\\" a great album is the way Green Day does not take issues of the CD seriously. This has set a standard for all punk albums, for the artist not take anything seriously. That is what makes \\"Dookie\\" a great CD.<br />I racommend this album to anyone who enjoys listening to something with a fast beat and a punk attitude. This is one of the few CD's that I enjoy listening to over and over and never get sick of listening to. I hope it does the same for anyone else who owns this album or who is going to buy this album.<br />So, \\"Dookie\\" is a great CD because it has a fast punk sound to it, but also includes some melody with it too, not making it any ordinary punk album. \\"Dookie\\" is a fast album with melody added into the equation for a good, fun CD.
1573227978|5.0|If you like fantasy books (although, this actually could be happening for all we know), then I recommend you pick this book up asap!  The title doesn't tell us much, the back cover tells us a little more but as soon as you get into this book, you won't be able to put it down.  Briefly, the story revolves around a young man named Richard who is given a map by a stranger of a so-called secret community living on a beach in Thailand.  The story revolves around Richard and two friends, travelling to Thailand in search of this secret paradise.  That's where all the excitement starts.  This book is a page turner from beginning to end.  I felt myself rooting inside for the trio to find the secret hide-a-way so when they actually do, then it really gets exciting.  You will enjoy this book immensely!  If you like fantasy's that is. ;-)
B000002MG1|5.0|I have one killer memory about Automatic that I'll never forget.  I would like to share it with you now.    R.E.M. had been bubbling under for a very long time and EXPLODED with Out of Time.  It was a great feeling to see a band I love have wild success.  I remember the mooks that were around me all pissing on R.E.M. calling it a fluke, a college band that lucked out and other simple statements.  Quietly I sat and took in everything people said about R.E.M.  I didn't agree with it or cared but I had this weird confidence in them.  I knew that the next thing they made would be nothing short of Out of Time but 5 times better.<br />     Truth be told when I found out that it was a largely acoustic CD I was a tad worried.  In a time when Nirvana came out and blew up and rock and roll started getting noisy and beautiful how could R.E.M. get all woodsy and laid back on me.  Then Automatic was released.  You could imagine my surprise when I realized that not only did they top Out of Time but also they pretty much topped everything to come out in the last 10 years.  You couldn't hear one R.E.M. hater say a word.  They all knew it.  You could see it in their beady little eyes.  They might not of liked the band but they could not deny the power of these 12 songs.  Hell, even &quot;New Orleans Instrumental No. 1&quot; sounded better than 90% of what was out before it and that was just R.E.M fiddling around!  This moment R.E.M. truly conquered and did what so many bands wish they could do.  Sit firmly at the top of rock &amp; roll and laugh at all detractors!<br />     However, through the passage of time is it just me or does songs like &quot;Find the River&quot;, &quot;Sweetness Follows&quot; &amp; &quot;Try Not to Breathe&quot; aged beautifully.  Not that anything on this CD sounds dated but the &quot;non-singles&quot; sound so much better than the actual singles from the CD.  It might be because &quot;Drive&quot;, &quot;Everybody hurts&quot; &amp; &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; was so played out everywhere....  No matter from beginning to end a classic piece of rock and roll.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|Being movie illiterate most of the time, I found myself so attracted to those soundtracks with which I was already familiar, Jurassic Park, Star Wars, etc., some even loving the music but not especially remembering nor enjoying the movie nearly as much.<br />What power in these that I am still unfamiliar with the movie, e.g. Theme from Schindler's List, Look Down, Lord from &quot;Rosewood, or the Theme from Far and Away.<br />One forgets the breadth and depth of this contemporary composer and the power of his work first heard in Surround Sound in the theatre, then pulsatiang out of one's personal stereo.<br />What a magnificent collection to enjoy. Especially enjoy some of the soloists such as Perlman, Parkening, Morrison, etc.
B00003W8NM|5.0|When Fight Club first came out, I thought it was just another stupid violent-action film. You know what I'm talking about. But now, 2 years later, I was sick of hearing my friends refer to it and stuff, and decided to rent it. The movie is unlike any other movie. It's excellent. It's exciting, it's intelligent, it's different. It makes you think alot, and leaves you a different person than you were before you saw it. This is truly in excellent movie, a rarity among a lot of the ... out there recently.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|A definite must-buy! Befitting the movie which actually seeks to cross different time periods and eras, the music does likewise. The soundtrack boasts of sixteen incredible songs that actually covers different genres - from the upbeat and funky Because We Can by Fatboy Slim, to the sultry crooning of Christina, Lil Kim, Mya and Pink in Lady Marmalade, to the staid but timeless grace of David Bowie's music in Diamond Dogs (redone by Beck) and Nature Boy.<br />And who can resist the heart-wrenching, gut-twisting, emotion-filled voices of Ewan and Nicole in the amazing love song Come What May? Personally I believe that the two versions of this song in the album already justifies buying this album...
0375703861|5.0|Completely brilliant: Zadie Smith is a genius. Every sentence is witty and precise. Her characters are human, her eye is splendid. This novel is highly entertaining AND profoundly intelligent. She's playful AND dead serious. I'm confused about the reviews here saying there is no plot--that's like saying there's no plot in a Dickens novel. Honestly, to say you don't like, or are disappointed by this book is to admit you don't like good literature.
B00005M989|2.0|Hardly a 'best of' collection and more like a collection of most of the chart topping hits.  Prince has too many great songs to try and squish them all on a single CD, which is why the 3 disc The Hits/The B Sides was released.  But for the casual fan who's only interested in the radio hits, this should be a good disc to get.  Hits like 'Batdance' and 'The Most Beautiful Girl in the World' aren't included, but if you're a casual fan it probably doesn't mean that much to you anyway.  It's just too bad that with this collection you'll miss out one some other gems you might not be familiar with.  At least the smooth and jazzy, yet (very) minor hit, 'Money Don't Matter Tonight' is included.
0380973650|5.0|Released from prison shortly after the accidental death of his wife, ex-con Shadow finds himself free, but bereft of all the things that gave his previous life meaning.  As he bids his farewell to the fragments of that life, an eerie stranger named Mr. Wednesday offers him employment.  Wednesday needs someone to act as aid, driver, errand boy, and, in case of Wednesday's death, someone to hold a vigil for him.  Shadow consents and finds himself drawn unsuspectingly into a cryptic reality where myth and legend coexist with today's realities.<br />Mr. Wednesday, trickster and wise man, is on a quest.  The old gods who came over to this country with each human incursion have weakened as their followers have dwindled and are now threatened with extinction by the modern gods of technology and marketing.  Wednesday travels from deity to deity, rounding up help for what will be last battle.  He engages ancient Russian gods, Norse legends, Egyptian deities, and countless others who have found their way to America in the past 10,000 or so years.  Shadow never quite understands what his role is in all of this, but he experiences visions and dreams which promise that he is far more than Wednesday's factotum.<br />The plot is unendingly inventive as it treks its way across the country.  From Chicago to Rhode Island, and Seattle to the magical town of Lakeside, Shadow's journey seems to follow the back roads of America.  The people he meets are gritty, and the gods are even grittier.  Gaiman creates believable characters with quick brush strokes and builds vivid landscapes that belie their mundane origins.  Gaiman, recently moved to the U.S. has invited us along on his own quest to discover an America uniquely his own.<br />This is a novel that resonates at many levels, it is Shadow's initiation quest, Gaiman's search for the American identity, a revisionist Twilight of the Gods, and last, but not least a captivating piece of fiction.  The gods that people this story came with people who found their way to this country from almost every time and place.  Gaiman has put his finger on once of this country's greatest truths.  Every person who ever lived here has roots from somewhere else.  We have crossed oceans and land bridges, on foot, and by every other means of transportation.  Our culture has been created whole cloth out of the character and beliefs of all those people.  Gaiman has managed to capture a bit of that vision and put it on display for the reader.<br />After his superb work in &quot;Neverwhere,&quot; &quot;Stardust,&quot; and the Sandman graphic novels, Neil Gaimon has established himself a force to be reckoned with in the crossover horror/fantasy genre.  Now with his new novel Gaiman establishes his mastery in a remarkable story of quest and transformation as he comes to terms with his own vision of America.  &quot;American Gods&quot; defies classification and invites superlatives.  This is one of 2001's must reads.eople who found their way to this country from almost every time and place.  Gaiman has put his finger on once of this country's greatest truths.  Every person who ever lived here has roots from somewhere else.  We have crossed oceans and land bridges, on foot, and by every other means of transportation.  Our culture has been created whole cloth out of the character and beliefs of all those people.  Gaiman has managed to capture a bit of that vision and put it on display for the reader.<br />After his superb work in &quot;Neverwhere,&quot; &quot;Stardust,&quot; and the Sandman graphic novels, Neil Gaimon has established himself a force to be reckoned with in the crossover horror/fantasy genre.  Now with his new novel Gaiman establishes his mastery in a remarkable story of quest and transformation as he comes to terms with his own vision of America.  &quot;American Gods&quot; defies classification and invites superlatives.  This is one of 2001's must reads.
B000002KHH|5.0|then you must hear Paraniod first.   This is the true hard driving sound of Black Sabbath in their youth.    From &quot;War Pigs&quot;  to &quot;Fairys wear Boots&quot; this album does not let up.  I say album cause i can remember when it came out as an album and it sounds even better on CD, 30 years later...
6305074186|4.0|This movie cannot be mistaking for any other but John Carpenter I loved this movie.Jamie Lee Curtis was wonderful,Was always wondering what was going to happen next And what was in the Fog.
B0000000LI|5.0|...it's real simple with this CD....  if you don't have it, get it.
B0000027RL|5.0|there's tons of references to pearl jam's more famous songs, like 'alive' and 'even flow' - but, in my opinion, and though they are great songs, they're not the best ones on Ten. 'Porch', 'Garden', and 'Black' take that award - actually 'Jeremy' may be the best overall song...? anyway, a huge part of the reason these guys are so good isn't just because of ed vedder, though once again he's very good (the best, if you will), but you also have to account stone, jeff, mike, and dave (or any of the other drummers throughout the bands history)... unlike many of today's rap-rock, blink-punk jingles, pearl jam tunes are actually pretty hard to play - that solo at the end of alive is a handfull, man... so it took a lot of talent to write these songs... summed up, next to NIN's downward spiral, best album of the nineties.
0380973464|5.0|Its a good novel, especially for someone that's into technical details.... just for the fun of it, really.<br />I'd say its one of those novels that you wish would spawn a sequel after finishing it in record time.<br />I'm still waiting.....
0380973650|5.0|Neil Gaiman's latest is spectacular, complicated and wholly original.  When someone sitting next to me on the train was curious about the title &quot;American Gods&quot;, I was hard pressed to come up with a concise description and resorted to describing it as an apocalypse/resurrection myth.  I won't recap the plot, since many of these reviews have already done that.  Besides, you'd never believe me.<br />There are novels I read greedily, staying up all night to finish them because I can't wait to see how they end.  This one absolutely had to be savored, and I tried to make it last as long as possible.  I seldom re-read a book (feeling there are too many books I haven't read ONCE to spend precious time repating!) but I WILL read American Gods again, and again.
B00003CY5K|5.0|This movie is totally hillrious. My friend and I laughed through the whole entire movie. Reese Witherspoon was great! She really took the call and made a wonderful blonde!<br />Elle Woods(Reese Witherspoon)has everything at her school. She is president of her sorority, homecoming queen, and she thinks about to be proposed. However things turn totally upside down as her cute boyfriend Warren turns her down because she is too unserious and &quot;too blonde&quot;. Elle decides to prove him wrong and she does by getting into Harvard Law School. However Warren isn't just about to have her back cause he is engaged! Can Elle steal him back or will she find something else much more important? This is a hilirious movie that you just can't miss. It will really lighten your day! Reese Witherspoon plays the perfect blonde! I highly recommend this movie and not just to teenagers!
0782011098|4.0|I give this collection 4 stars only because it came with another DVD instead of just Father Goose.  This is my all time favorite Cary Grant movie and I would have preferred that it came separate.  But, you can never have too much Cary Grant.  :)
B00005JK93|5.0|'Hedwig and the Angry Inch' is quite simply a work of genius.  The music is tremendous--unlike most musicals, where the songs take the viewer outside of the story, these intensely personal songs carry the story beyond literal narrative to music, the songs on Hedwig carry great symbolism and reveal the psyche of the protagonist on a truly meaningful level.  The performances in the film are wonderful, with John Cameron Mitchell's title role worthy of Academy Award mention. Mitchell's direction also merits recognition, with a perfect balance of vivid realism and a stylistic flair of fantasy.  'Hedwig' had me leaving the theatre more jazzed and full of energy than any film I can remember. You'll rush in line to see this again and again!
B00003CX9W|5.0|There's something truly remarkable about this movie.  An extremely personal project for Walt Disney, it is, quite appropriately, his studio's most ambitious creation.  In my opinion, it's also their finest.  I remember the first time I ever saw it--during its 1990 cinema re-release.  At the time I was about seven and found it...a little...boring.  But now, eleven years later, I totally love it.  I wouldn't be surprised if most kids were to react to it as I did.  It is very unconventional.  There is little of the mainstream humour you'd find in a &quot;normal&quot; Disney feature.  It is NOT The Little Mermaid.  Instead it's a marvellous experiment.  Eight classical compositions played against eight cartoons, only one of which disappoints.  <br />The Nutcracker Suite and The Rite of Spring are my favourites from the movie.  The music is great, and both cartoons are masterfully done and beautiful to watch.  The former is pretty and charming, with its tiny fairies and dancing mushrooms, and the latter is a powerful depiction of the creation of the world, and primitive life.  Those two sections alone, in my opinion, elevate Fantasia high above any other animated movie in existence.  But even then, there's more great stuff in the movie.  The Toccata and Fugue sequence, with its well-known music presented against &quot;abstract&quot; cartoon images, is also hugely involving and impressive (not to mention surprisingly eerie).  The Sorcerer's Apprentice (starring an unusually flustered Mickey Mouse) and the Dance of the Hours (with the hilarious dancing hippos and crocs) are exciting and witty, and probably the scenes from the movie that kids will most enjoy.  Night on Bald Mountain has a great Halloween-y feel to it (scary imagery and creepy music) and the movie closes perfectly with the sedate Ave Maria.  The Pastoral Symphony sequence (good music marred by clumsy animation and WAY too much sugar-coating) is the only part of the movie you'll want to skip.  But the qualityof everything else more than makes up for it.<br />Everyone should experience Fantasia at some point in their lives.  The sequel was okay, but certainly no where near the standards set by this one.
1559408898|3.0|I think the whole Criterion collection is a bunch of [junk].     The Robocop DVD really isn't that good.  This whole X-rating thing is a joke.  The only excessively violent scene that I noticed was ed-209 going a bit over board in killing the executive at OCP.  Other than that, picture isn't great, the sound is only in stereo, not 5.1 or DTS,  which is now the standard.  Trust me, they'll re-release this again in a couple of years with added features, and then they'll do a re-release of that.  The question is, Will there ever really be a definitive version of a film on DVD?
B00000253N|5.0|This is the best. That's all I have to say. I listened to this CD when all the other kids were listening to Samantha Fox and New Kids on the Block (I'm currently 27 years old)-- If you want your children to appreciate real music, get them Blood on the Tracks. This quintessential Dylan album is still the strongest. From &quot;Tangled Up in Blue&quot; to &quot;Buckets of Rain&quot;, this is a masterpiece. I insist that the person I am today would not be if not for Dylan (and the Beatles). Do your kids a favor-- buy them Dylan (and Barry Louis Polisar).
0446310786|5.0|A grown Jean Louise (Scout) Finch narrates the tale of her youth in Maycomb, Alabama, wherein her father Atticus defends a black man against a completely spurious rape charge cooked up by a poor white drunkard and his daughter.  No, the issues are far from comfortable.  The racism is stark, but the heroism is stolid.  Through Scouts eyes we see a world of many colors and textures, but one must read the book to appreciate even a few of them.<br />More than four decades since it was first published, Harper Lees book is more than just a tale of courage in the face of racial bigotry in the mid-twentieth century rural South, it is more than a tale of a girls love for her father, it is more than a novel. Without hyperbole, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is truly an American treasure.  If you have never taken or been given the opportunity to read this book even if you dont read that many novels you owe it to yourself to transcend all the politics and attain the better understanding of humanity that Harper Lee can help you discover.  After all, she has helped so many millions of schoolchildren do just that in the past two or three generations.  Neither does she do it with the preachy tone I found myself falling into for this review!  Whatever your age or color, enjoy!
B00005N5S5|5.0|The ingenious part about &quot;The Terminator&quot; is that it defies every law of the action genre, even in today's world of high-tech digital characters and action sequences. It features some of the most tense action pieces ever filmed. It concludes with the most subtle, yet powerful of endings. <br />Arnold Schwartzenegger got his foot through the door to stardom because of this powerful, and intimidating performance. &quot;I'll be back&quot; not only became his trademark but also became one of the most timeless lines in film history.<br />Cameron's direction has became a model for most action films since. I hope to buy this new edition on DVD, and see all the new features.
B00005LMBK|4.0|I am the administrator of the POSIXNap network of Opennap servers. This means that I usually hear music before it gets popular; at any given time, there are a few thousand people connected to my home computer sharing millions of MP3's. The Gorillaz tracks started making the rounds a few months ago, and I downloaded a few on a whim.<br />My first thought was that they sounded a lot like radiohead. But I downloaded some other songs, and found that there was tremendous range. I decided I wanted to listen to whole CD in its context, and learn more about the band since this is their first album. I went out and did something I very rarely do (since I can download any MP3 I want in seconds) -- I bought the CD.<br />The CD starts off with a hip-hop, electronic beginning, and progresses through some lighter, happier stuff, to end in some more experimental and a little darker stuff.<br />It really does remind me of Radiohead, probably because of the vocalist's sort of 'slurred' singing. But Gorillaz also reminds me of Len (remember &quot;Steal My Sunshine&quot;), and some of the artists on Ninja Tune (such as The Herbaliser), with a little Sonic Youth thrown in. I even hear occasional hints of Sublime (Robbin' the Hood) and Beck (Odelay) in there.<br />There are some Hip Hop beats, Rock beats, Electronica beats, and some newish experimental stuff. I am very pleased with this purchase and think that anyone with a taste for whats &quot;new&quot; and &quot;upcoming&quot; in music would enjoy this album. It's extremely broad, and very &quot;fresh&quot; and &quot;new&quot;.<br />The reason I gave four rather than five stars is the album does not have the &quot;polished&quot; sound to it that a well-produced album does. I think that if you're looking for fresh new music, though, that is quite easily overlooked.
B00003Q438|5.0|It's a film with some of the most influential visuals in film history. Great Oscar-worthy performances by Ed Harris and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio. A story so spectacular it becomes ingenious. Now, with a special edition (all 30 minutes of extra footage included) &quot;The Abyss&quot; is another Cameron masterpiece.<br />Cameron's more recent blockbuster/masterpiece &quot;Titanic&quot; is highly questioned and criticized. But that's probably all jealousy for it being the most successful film (everyone wants their own favorites to have that same popularity). Here is Cameron most underrated and unknown masterpiece (Special Edition not Theatrical Version).
6304806426|1.0|It took me three separate tries to get through this movie.  It is pondorously boring.  The characters are not believable, and the story is contrived.  I could not have cared less what happened to these people.
B000056BP4|5.0|Titanic and Ben-Hur stand alone as the occupants of that rare honor: 11 Oscars won. The differences in both movies include script, plot, story, and character development. Which is to say neither movies did or did not deserve all those awards. Like me, Titanic and Ben-Hur captivated the Academy with their expansive shots, and loads-upon-loads of extras. Both are masterpieces. I beg to differ with most of these reviews on that.
0618037667|5.0|I can't really explain the immense enjoyment that i got from reading the Lord of the Rings.  I was reading during a very rough time, and it was a great help for me to get my mind off things.  Tolkein's stories are fascinating, and i can't use any big words like most people here, but all i can say is that this novel is held close to my heart, and i imagine showing my children and grandchildren the wonders held in this book, when i have them.  The only thing i have to say about the 7 set black books is that for me, a school student, it was very easy to travel with.  But, the box that they come in broke after a month.  I would not buy this set unless you planned on leaving the box at home in it's own place.  The books are lovely only for the use of traveling with them and the book doesn't seem so overwhelmingly long with it broken up smaller, so it all depends on you really.  If you don't buy this set, at least buy some kind of set, I'd rather live with this set then nothing, for this is the greatest book i have and probably will ever read.  I was so sad for days after i finished the last page, and i couldn't figure out why.  I thought and thought, and it was because i had finished it, it was that good.  I had made a routine of reading it during class, after tests, even during PE.  I couldn't keep my eyes off of it.  You really get attached to Gandalf, and Frodo, even little Pippin grew on me.  Please consider buying some kind of set of this book, you won't regret it.
B0000024K1|5.0|I was rollin down the street with the top down and the wind blowin thru my hair.  &quot;Louder than a Bomb&quot; was on the radio.  I had it up on 11, y'all.  Then I tried to pass this chick on the left, and she turned and nailed me.  Then, I turned off my radio.  I got a ticket.  Still love the album.  Still listen to it 15 years later.  Five stars.
B00005A1PR|2.0|A couple of great songs (Video, Brownskin)...the rest put me to sleep.
B00004XOWN|1.0|This nonsense is just as formulaic as Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera.  These guys just cuss a lot, and dumb slackers buy into there being some rebellious element to it.  Pathetic, really.  <br />The Beastie Boys did this same kind of music 10 years ago, except they did it much better and they moved on after &quot;Check Your Head&quot;.  Bizkit does not have the intelligence to evolve.<br />You all know where the &quot;no&quot; button is below... have fun...
0316777722|5.0|David Sedaris is so funny! I almost wet myself! He is also the most adorable author living today. I want to have his babies. Armistead Maupin says of this book &quot;achingly funny&quot; on the  dustjacket, which is quite a compliment in itself. READ IT NOW then Buy it for a depressed friend ! You owe it to your inner Vachette.
B00005ATZT|5.0|What can I say about this movie that hasn't already been said? It's a 5 star movie! What else is there to say?
B00003CXDZ|2.0|I must say I walked into the theatre with high expectations and the first 30 minutes I was in heaven. It was beauty, breathtaking, exciting, and amazing. But somewhere after the 7 minute love medly between Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman I started to doubt the quality of this supposed FILM...and decided that it was just a movie. There's a difference between FILM and a MOVIE. I hold Ewan McGregor in high respects (even though he is doing the new Star Wars installments) and Nicole Kidman I could take or leave. <br />I'm not saying this is a bad film, because its not...Baz's idea to take songs like Paul McCartney's \\"Silly Love Songs\\" and Elton John's \\"Your Song\\" and put them in a movie set in the late 1890's is silly and sounds original and new yet doesn't work for me...much like \\"A Knights Tale\\" (oy vey!). Baz as a director is amazing and I was highly amazed at how he did this. I was going to say how much I loved the cinematography, but I was slow to realize...this was all done with computer...which is fine...but I guess its the indpendent film lover in me that bashes this movie which loses its originality within the first half hour. The whole idea of this movie is taking unoriginal ideas and putting them all into one movie and adding crazy effects to make them look original, sorry, its not working for me.  The dialogue is all overused dialogue I've heard and I've heard the music before too...so basically all that's left is the acting talent...Ewan was bright eyed and beautiful in this film and had a youthful dazzle to him.  ....By the end I was weary of it as a whole and I had seen it all before. I will give kudos to Mr. Luhrmann to trying to take a familar love story (poor poet falls for beautiful prostitute and she in return falls for him) and putting a spin to it. Though, I can't fully like this movie because for one it never finds itself, I never get a full definition of the characters...I think I know they love each other, but thats where it becomes hard becauseeven though they sing \\"I love You\\" and that \\"There is no greater thing than to love and be loved\\", but I just didn't feel moved or anything. I go to see a movie to have it move me, to change my prespective...and thats why I went to this movie. But I left disapointed, weary and tired of the formulaty. But in the end, without the singing and the crazy computerated cinematography what is this movie? Just your run of the mill love story...love is great, and I believe in it...but I believe in a love that is more than this......, you'll never find any enlightments to love in a romance movie, because love is much more than that. Well, enough ranting. Good try, Mr. Luhrmann.
0688170528|5.0|I was &quot;assigned&quot; this book as a part of a book club--I assumed it was going to be a &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; kind of book--Jodi Picoult writes so well, that I could &quot;see&quot; the story and feel the emotions of the characters right along with them!  Once I started reading, I couldn't (didn't want to) put it down--I'm on the hunt for her other books--this one was good reading!!
B000000H5K|3.0|but then again, this is supposed to be the album that opened the commercial floodgates for the type of diluted popmetal being played by Limp Bizkit and Linkin Park. <br />on its own merit though, it's a good album.the typically raw Cavalera vocals do get repetitive, as the deathmetal style roar is so overused, and so much of this album is revolutionary- a shame the vocals are so backward. the mixture of brazilian tribal music, in short vocal/acoustic tracks and especially in the drums on such great songs as Ratamatta and Roots Bloody Roots, give a real idea of a musival inheritance being adhered to, so that the album has a sense of focus in what it is trying to achieve beyond the standard numetal &quot;i hate the world, myself and my dog&quot; approach. lots of adrenaline runs through the tracks, though Lookaway, a slower song with Korn's Jon Davis, is a highlight, with its gothic, creepy overtones. <br />the change of pace is important, because this and the segues of tribal music give us a break from the medium fast wall of downtuned riffage and screaming- sometimes you wish Max would sing so that his opinions, which i value having seen his interviews, would come across as more than angsty rants. ah well. this album isn't as masterful as some would have you believe, but its combining of metal with tribal elements is infinitely preferable to combining rap with metal. a bit less death, and a bit more thrash and this album might have been better- i like Metallica's albums as they give a good balance of styles. this album does not. but for fierce riffage, look no further.....
0440219078|5.0|The giver is a intriguing book about A boy named Jonas, who lives in a perfect world with no crime, war, or disease. When Jonas is twelve he is given the job of receiver of memory, a great honor. I liked this book because the book is full of suprises and because at the end of each chapter you don't want to stop reading.
B00005JGAB|5.0|I admit it, I cracked down and bought the first Ramones CD--remastered--like it matters--its the RAMONES.  They are supposed to sound rough.  The bonus tracks are great because they are the Ramones.  Relive my youth in the late 70's and early 80's and play this one loud. Blitzkrieg Bop, Judy Is A Punk, Today Your Love, Chain Saw, all are excellent...  Ramones fans, you own this--buy it anyway!  Eight bonus tracks and you know its a great CD...
0789723107|5.0|If you have anything to do with web design, and you could only buy one book, this is the one to get... Sometimes it helps to have someone point out the obvious. Steve does it with humor and style.
B00000D9TK|5.0|After days of saving up my money i finally got enough to get a celine cd!... last night i ask my maman if i could go to the music department to buy a cd et she said Yes. And i wanted to get falling into you cd  but they didn't seem to have it, so when i came across s'il suffisait d'aimer i picked it up and looked at the back side of the tracks and i toook it to the counter! Et when je got home je listened to it et i was thrilled that i bought this cd! :) this is the best french cd celine has made. It is hard to have favourites on this cd! Ijust love all the tracks! All i have to say is Buy this cd , (if for those u who dont already have it) K? Buy this cd. C YA!
0671027573|5.0|This book is one of my current favorites-I just loved the heroine and her friends-they reminded me so much of my friends.  The relationship between Jaine and Sam was so fun and hilarious-I really enjoyed all the characters.  Plus, I couldn't figure out the murderer until the end, which is always great, and the suspense was wonderful...it really kept me guessing.  I loved the conversations the girls had, and all the reactions from their infamous &quot;List&quot;.  One of the most enjoyable books I've read recently.  I highly reccomend it, as it combines my two favorite genres: romance and mystery.
B00005MAM2|5.0|If you love Akira and saw the old version on VHS or LD - you are in for a treat.  The newly remastered DVD is stunning!  Also, and more important - the newly dubbed english dialog is honest to the original script - it's like watching it new for the first time!  I can't believe how much the first edition differs from the new remaster - the dialog is completely different AND BETTER! <br />The VHS edition just does not do this one justice.  I always hated the fact that some Japanese anime is dubbed poorly when transated into english. This release shows how it should be done, NOT WATERED DOWN - R rating to PG - I HATE IT when they do that.<br />I can't recommend this DVD strong enough, you have to have this one for your collection.  Strong buy recommendation for Akira fans - you'll be watching it for the first time all over again.
0780622553|5.0|This movie it a trip! I don't know why though you would be considering buying a movie online if you hadn't seen it before. If your feeling crazy though and throwing around money is cool with you, hey, take a chance on this, it's a good film.
1878424319|3.0|This book was less than I expected. There is good practical advice - like cultivating distance from your own thoughts and other people's words and replacing old ideas with new beliefs. However, there's really nothing new here, it's more of a common-sense book, and I see little, if anything, that hasn't been taught many times over by other popular authors and most major religions.  I would recommend &quot;Open Your Mind, Open Your Life: A Little Book of Eastern Wisdom&quot; by Taro Gold over this title.
B000053VAF|5.0|Why are there many different versions of Christian belief?<br />Why are there so many rules to believe in God and His Son?<br />This film answers these question simply, by saying, it's faith -- one's undying belief -- that matters, not what a church says, not what various Christian rules and regulations say how a person should believe. Those who felt offended may have missed the point of this movie. Don't take yourselves too seriously; in the end, we're all the same, and no one is better than another. <br />I may not believe in God, but I know if I were one, I'd have a sense of humor.
B00005BJPO|4.0|Akira.  When I first heard that word in conjunction with another favorite, &quot;DVD&quot;, I was excited.  One of my all-time favorite films was finally being released.<br />It's still an amazing movie, but the newly redone English dub is horrible.  The voices are poorly done and don't match the feel of the real characters.  It's upsetting they didn't think to include both the old and new dub -- the old dub is much more enjoyable.<br />My suggestion is to pick this up, but also get your hands on the old VHS version or, if you want something in disc form, grab yourself a VCD of this classic.
B00004XQP4|3.0|Green day has been a favorite of mine for years so when I learned about this album coming out I imediatley went out and bought it. I was not impressed. It's not that it's bad it just doesn't compare to their other albums. I really liked Dookie and Nimrod but there was something about this album that just didn't click. It's not as loud (that doesn't mean it's quiet though) and it just doesn't have the intensity. Go ahead and buy it but before you do, get nimrod first.
B00005K3OT|5.0|This is a wonderful romantic movie that all people can enjoy.  It has a flar of comedy and a enjoying story line.  Even your boyfriend will like it.  There is something for all.  Not to mention, the acting by all involved is really well done.  Don't miss this movie!!!
0440219078|4.0|Alright, I'll admit I did read this book three times and yet I only gave it four stars. It is a wonderful book it just can get boring sometimes. It's about a supposed &quot;utopia&quot; if that's what you want to call it, where all the people are organized and their differences curbed. Once they reach a certain age they are all placed into jobs picked by the leaders of their communities. Jonah, the main character, has special qualities and that's where the story gets weird. I don't want to get into details so I'll stop writing. I just want to say, before you buy this you might want to check it out at the library first.
B000050XEI|5.0|There is an underlying sense of peace and tranquility to most of this CD. There is a feeling that this music is one with nature. Yet the underlying rhythm's are that of Celtic laments. I love this CD.
B00005B36H|5.0|I first learned of Tool in an article in Spin Magazine, which waxed poetic about the album's artful displays of musical talent, and the enigmatic men that dream up these epics.  I was intrigued and bought the disk on a whim.  I was blown away.  Seriously, this band has been on to something big, and I've missed it entirely.  Not only does the music take you to unimaginable heights, but the thought put into the lyrics is palpable.  &quot;Schism&quot; teaches of the art of communication in a relationship, and &quot;The Patient&quot; tells of the occasional restlessness in life that comes from living in a sometimes impersonal world.  I find it hard not to identify with Maynard's soulful rebellion against the norm, and his wish to understand the world and the people in it.  I recommend using this album to get away from everything, but don't become anti-social or anything drastic:-).  Bravo Tool!  Here's to the albums to come!
B000003N7G|5.0|This album is most valuable for the way its underlying idea is executed by these brilliant musicians.  Coltrane mentions, in his liner notes, a spiritual experience he had, which the suite tries to translate into musical terms.  The album might have been a static hymn of praise, coming from somebody more complascent and self-satisfied than Coltrane.  Instead, it's a rush of rapture, tempered here and there with lush, comforting spells.  Bach this is not -- nor is it an Ellingtonian &quot;sacred&quot; experience -- nor is it an Electric Prunes &quot;Mass&quot; or &quot;Kol Nidre.&quot;  It's more like Ravi Shankar, or Jimi Hendrix on a good night, just wailing away with incomparable skill and pleasure in the act.  An essential '60s document and one of most rewarding jazz albums of any decade.
0446607274|5.0|Connelly is getting better and better and this is far the best novel of  the \\"Harry Bosch series\\", it features a complex and intriguing whodunit story full of mysteries and with many ingredients like the LAPD, the rich, the poor, race, sex, politics, power and the internet, it also offers shrewd twists far better placed than in the other books of the series. The plot is flawless and without loose ends, full of tension from beginning to end, suitable for attentive readers who wish to think and keep guessing all the time. Join Harry Bosch and pick this one, you will not be dissapointed
B000059XUI|4.0|There's probably a few of you out there who went to see STAR WARS EPISODE I at the bijou a couple years back, and heard a fanboy or two call out, 'Kneel before Zod!' during the scene that introduced the Senate Chancellor. Aside from wanting 'em to shut up (not to mention telling them where they can put those lightsabers), you probably asked yourself, 'Just what does that mean, anyway?', inwardly ashamed that you didn't understand the reference. Well, thanks to the release of SUPERMAN II on DVD, your guilt trip over this little quandary has reached its final destination.<br />Terence Stamp, who played the part of the no-confidence-voted Chancellor Valorum in SW-I, made his first mark on celluloid pop culture as General Zod, leader of a trio of Kryptonian criminals in 'Supe II'. He really chews up the scenery with his alternating moments of diabolical calm interspersed with occasional bouts of arrogant assuredness. His part was a redeeming quality in a movie that, while not quite living up to the original, held its own as a fun camp classic in the super-hero genre of cinema. <br />Unfortunately, when it comes to adding extras, Warner Bros. decided to not look beyond the DVD release of the first 'Man of Steel' movie. While that film got the full treatment, this sequel only registered a trailer for an extra. No restored/deleted scenes (including The seen-on-TV 'Lois teaches Superman to bake a souffle' scene), documentaries, or anything else for that matter. Adding insult to injury, 'Supergirl' gets a 2-disc Special Edition treatment with nearly 15 minutes of extra footage, commentary tracks, &amp; all the extras you can bear. Sometimes life can be so unfair...<br />Still, there is an upside to the whole matter- I had the good fortune of receiving my copy of this DVD three days before it was supposed to hit the street! Needless to say, I rubbed this little development into the faces of all my fanboy cronies, making 'em real jealous...<br />'Late
B00001QGPR|4.0|David Bowie fans have to be almost as flexible as their star. Changing his genre with nearly every second album you just can't like it all. I didn't like &quot;hours...&quot;, but it takes a very special sort of artist to show his talent even in a &quot;bad&quot; album. Because hours isn't really bad, it is only not to my liking. Some of the songs might have done with more spice, without losing their meaning. As always, the songs - all of them - are meaningful and go deeper as the lyrics of most other artists. Nevertheless, I ended singing &quot;Seven&quot; weeks after I heard it for the first time.  This is the rather quiet reflection at the end of the millenium. And maybe that is why it is how it is. <br />&quot;Hours...&quot; also proves that David Bowie is still (and after thirty years it is BIG still) one of the greatest artists around. And happily he'll be around for some time longer.<br />If you are a fan you'll buy it anyway - as I did, didn't I? - and if you want to become one, this is as good a place to start as any other. &quot;Hours...&quot; is still miles better than the average. Than again, David Bowie will always be.
630512762X|3.0|Lemme tell ya's, I found `Face/Off' a little difficult to follow, with all that identity-changin' and stuff. Hopefully I can keep track of who's who while I'm puttin' this review together for your perusal. Here goes...<br />First and foremost is the big gimmick, the hook, the selling point: the ol' eye-dee switcheroo, a tried-&amp;-true offshoot of the classic &quot;evil twin&quot; formula. Nicholas Cage has himself surgically altered to resemble John Travolta. Or is it the other way around? Actually, it's a little bit of both, isn't it...? Anyway, Cage (AKA Travolta) has to chase Travolta (AKA Cage), `cause he's the bad guy and Cage is the good guy. Or is Travolta (Cage) the good guy, and Cage (Travolta) the bad guy? Well, anyway, both of them engage in the action-flick/suspense staple of the `cat &amp; mouse' gambit, with the cat played by Travolta played by Cage, and- no, wait, that's not right...<br />Now, where was I... oh yes, you get the kinds of action sequences you've come to expect from a John Woo shoot-em-up (thankfully, with John Woo playing John Woo). It all  culminates in a speedboat chase between ... um... the two guys playing each other (AKA each other playing the two guys), and Cage (Travolta) finally takin' out Travolta (Cage) at the big climax... I think. As far as I know, it could be vicey-versey here too. Then at the end Cage (Travolta) becomes the original Travolta (Cage) again, and... or was it Travolta (Cage) that got changed back into-ah, forget it. I think I'll just plop down on the La-Z-Boy and watch Abbott &amp; Costello's \\"Who's On First?\\" sketch; it's a lot easier to follow than this perplexing actioner.<br />`Late
6305657947|4.0|Normally, when a movie is redone 30 years later, the end result is worse than the original.  Not so in this case, as John McTiernan's version is highly superior.  This movie brings the elegance that was missing from the original.  The music is fantastic, and the aesthetic is that much better.  Also, instead of bank robbery, the film revolves around a much more elegant crime; the theft of a Monet worth 100 million dollars. <br />Thomas Crown(Pierce Brosnan) is the fabulously wealthy owner of Crown Acquistions.  Supposedly, as his life is quite boring, he decides to steal a painting-not for the money, but for the thrill.  He sends some Eastern Europeans to attempt to steal 200 pounds of paintings, while sending them to fail and sneaking away to steal a painting from another area.  Catherine Banning(Rene Russo), an insurance &quot;bounty hunter,&quot; comes from England to help the detective(Denis Leary) crack the case.  While Banning is investigating Crown, they fall more and more in love, leading to a very interesting competitor/lover relationship.<br />Pierce Brosnan plays Thomas Crown excellently.  He brings elegance and class to the role that Steve McQueen could not.  Rene Russo holds up as Catherine Banning.  Denis Leary, though funny as always, just should not be in this film.  He is somewhat of a comic relief character.  Along with the shameless product placement of Pepsi One, that is what keeps it from getting 5 stars.  However, the acting of Brosnan along with the fantastic score and unbelievably cool ending make this movie great fun. In regard to special features, they are lacking, but the movie is all too worth buying.
0802136834|5.0|If we women can learn anything from Anne Boylyn it is this, don't ever tell your husband that you know some interesting ways to have sex.  Poor Anne Boylyn.  She waited many years to marry Henry and then lasted a mere 1,000 days on the throne. Before she left, she managed to bear Henry a few children including a two sons who died in infancy.  Elizabeth probably survived because she was Anne's first child. Weir suggests that Anne was troubled by a particular fertility problem that afflicts some women--a negative blood factor. This factor may have been the cause of the spontaneous abortion of one baby and the death shortly after birth of another.<br />Detail of this sort sets Weir apart from other historians. She tells the tale of Henry and his six wives from the women's standpoint. Some historians could care less about the trials of these women as they dealt with infertility and infecundity yet this issue was a central factor affecting Henry's behavior. For goodness sake, a kingdom was thrown into civil war because a series of women could not conceive and carry to term a male child. Weir thinks it's important to delve into the medical angles as well as all the other personal angles affecting these relationships.<br />WIVES follows the trials and tribulations of the six women who became Mrs. Henry. Most of us are familiar with the women who bore Henry heirs: Katherine, Anne, and Jane Seymour--but what of the other three. Henry's fouth wife was the ill-fated Catherine Howard (Anne Boylyn's first cousin--what was it about these femme fatales??) who had her head removed after she was discovered with another man. Next came a continental wife Anne of Cleves who is reputed to have had a foul body odor (she did not like to bathe). Last came queen Katherine Parr, who became a real mother to Mary, Elizabeth, and Edward and survived Henry.  Anne later married a man she loved and died in childbirth which leads one to speculate that perhaps King Henry became impotent at the end of his reign. But of course, it is never the king's fault if his wife cannot conceive.of his reign. But of course, it is never the king's fault if his wife cannot conceive.
B00004Z459|1.0|There's something very sick and disturbing about a band that digs it's own grave, as with Linkin Park. Not only do they revel and cash in on their own misery, but they've also doomed themselves musically since they're the dregs of what is to be the end of the rap/rock fad. Bands such as Korn and Linkin Park insist on telling us how they were beaten as children and of their insecurity. As if we care. Perhaps if you've lived these experiences you may get into the music. or perhaps not. Perhaps you are smart enough to see past the smoke screen and not buy into this dribble. The songs are highly unimaginative, simply repeating common rap/rock riffs with the bass and drums as pointless as ever. The lyrics are uninspired and not &quot;deep&quot; at all. On the contrary, they are the most shallow lyrics I have heard since Britney Spears. The main vocalist has talent though he's wasting it trying to sound &quot;meaningfull&quot; and &quot;aggressive&quot; or some such nonsense. The other vocalist is pure generic rapper, nothing more. If you want a band that expresses real emotions and anger try Slayer. This band however is merely a second rate Korn (which was a bad band to begin with).
B00005JHAD|4.0|An all star cast stars in this gritty, high-adrenaline film with several different plots echoeing throughout.  The story goes a little like this.  Franky Four Fingers (Benicio Del Toro) has secured himself financially by stumbling across an 84 carrot diamond as big as a man's fist.  Little does Franky know that other individuals are also interested in the diamond.  Boris the blade, an ex-Russian KGB agent has taken it upon himself to get the diamond.  A man with connections in the diamond industry in new york Cousin Avi and his British counterpart Doug the head have also taken an interest.  Then there is another plot about two unlicensed boxing promoters, Turkish and his partner Tommy that have to come up with a way to rid themselves of their slimy boss, Brick Top.  Brad Pitt enters the film as Mickey, the bare fisted gypsy boxer that is hierd by Turkish to come and fight for him.  An amazing tie of the film in the end. Not excactly hysterical comedy movie, but mostly like Pulp Fiction.  Dark, wild, action movie with a comedic twist.
B00000099Y|5.0|Aenima is a landmark album. This album is one of the highpoints of 90's rock. Building on the mostly metal sound of their first two releases, Tool with Aenima released something much more. Abounding musically in the metal-drenched progressive rock sound formerly forged by such bands as King Crimson and Fates Warning, but with their own unique, minimalist spin, this album is of an accomplished musicality that few bands in this era are capable of equalling. Lyrically, we get topics such as the philosophy/life of Bill Hicks (of whom the band were admirers), and a lot of &quot;freedom of thought&quot; and anti-organized religion sentiments. This is all good in my view. Here we have a band playing with fire. Also, Keenan is very good at expressing his angst, and this album proves it. The only bands who come close to Tool in the 90's at doing that are Pantera and Rage Against The Machine, but Keenan does it better. The truly venomous lyrics coupled with his whisper/scream vocals make for one hell of a punch. The music on the album is just as interesting, with notable, though sparse, guitar/bass riffs, creative drumming, and long instrumental passages and song interludes. I reccommend this album for anyone looking for something above the norm in modern music, or for anyone looking for something above the norm, period.
014028009X|3.0|Well, I have to say that while reading this book I was a bit bored and I couldn't wait to finish it so I'd be over with it. Of course, at some points it was funny, but not hilarious. Also, the way she talks sometimes is a bit confusing.  Basically, it's about Bridget Jone's, a 30-year-old singleton in England. She has 4 most important new years resolutions. They are 1)lose 7 pounds 2)don't drink 3)don't smoke 4) get a boyfriend. I wouldn't read it again, but if you want to, than you should because some people liked it a lot.
B0000024RQ|5.0|The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan is a landmark record in many different ways. Aside from being pretty much THE record that broke the folk/protest movement over into the mainstream, this is the album that broke Bob Dylan over into the mainstream, and almost all the things he has indulged in since can have their roots traced back to this. But, historical signifigance aside, this is simply a great album. With this album, we were introduced to a singer/songwriter who could write raging protest songs (the classics Blowin' In The Wind and Hard Rain, the scathing Masters of War, Oxoford Town); love songs (Girl From The North Country), adapt traditional folk pieces (Corrina, Corrina, Honey, Allow Me Just One More Chance); blues (Down The Highway, Bob Dylan's Blues); and long, rambling, seemingly stream-of-consciousness narraritives (Talking WWWIII Blues, I Shall Be Free), all equally brilliantly. Although the sparse, mostly Dylan-unaccompanied-on-acoustic musical accompanyment can become somewhat trying by album's end, the lyrics make this album as fresh as it was the day it was released. To be sure, the protest songs don't carry the weight they did then, but if they were all that this album consisted of, it wouldn't still be popular today. This album is timeless. If you want to see the roots of the singer/songwriter movement that eventually metamorphisized into rock 'n' roll literacy, look no further than here.
B00002E285|5.0|This film is animated with brilliant and inspiring artistic views of mulitple subjects. Anyone who is a fan of deep journies and classic music should own this one. The only films that match this are Akira, 12 Monkeys, and TooL's Salival.
B000000993|4.0|Going above and beyond the Opiate EP's proto-metal, Tool released theirfirst full-length album with Undertow -- and what a hell of an album it is. From the churning, bass-heavy opening of \\"Intolerance\\" to the mock hilarous, ridicilously over-the-top \\"Disgustipated,\\" Undertow is a fine album from start to finish. Starting with long instrumental passages and seemingly never-ending guitar/bass timbre-al riffing, coupled with Keenan's angry, menacing, and at times nihilistic lyrics, you can see how this influenced countless bands who have come after Tool and unsuccessfully tried to play their game. Though not as fleshed out and epic as subsequent albums, Undertow is a great record. Choice cuts include the disturbingly direct \\"Prison Sex\\" and the mini-epic \\"Flood.\\" The sixteen minute \\"Disgustipated\\" is interesting if only for novelty but does not detract from the album as a whole. This comes reccommended.
0684800713|5.0|As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I savor a few books annually.  THE SUN ALSO RISES is one of those books.  I read it first as a teenager.  I then read it six or seven times for courses as an undergraduate and a graduate student at Claremont.  THE SUN ALSO RISES tells the story of the Lost Generation.  It is Hemingway's career-defining novel as well as the novel that captured like none other the lifestyle and concerns of his American expatriot associates.  Jake, an emasculated World War I veteran, narrates the story.  Jake is in love with Brett who perhaps loves him in return, yet their love cannot be consummated.  Robert, ostensibly Jake's best friend, and Frances, Robert's girl friend, are on hand as Jake and Lady Brett struggle with their problem.  Mike, the Lady's fiance, also finds his place in the story.  Hemingway, working at the top of his talent before his persona began to envelop his writing, presents the moveable feast of Paris and the bullfighting life in Spain.  While THE SUN ALSO RISES is far from politically correct, it is a groundbreaking novel that still speaks to people today.
B0000024RZ|4.0|On his third album, and first of all original material, Bob Dylan chose to focus primarily on protest songs in the vein of \\"Blowin' in the Wind\\" from his prior album but more refined. This may make the album less striking and timeless than its predecessor, but it's still a good album by any means. Some of Dylan's greatest protest songs are here, including the legendary title track, \\"With God on Our Side,\\" and \\"Only A Pawn in Their Game.\\" There are also other types of songs: the long, tear-jerking narratives \\"North Country Blues\\" and \\"The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carrol,\\" the romantic yet bitter \\"Boots of Spanish Leather,\\" and the world-weary \\"One Too Many Mornings\\" and \\"Restless Farewell.\\" All in all, this cannot be considered one of Dylan's very best albums, but it is certainly very good and a must for any fan.
B00005JK93|5.0|I have been looking forward to seeing this movie for months. The night finally arrived and I knew that I was going to like this movie, but little did I know, I would LOVE it. Hedwig is a little glam, a little drag, a little comedy, and a whole lotta ROCK AND ROLL. Stephen Trask and John Cameron Mitchell have created a musical film masterpiece. I would reccommend this film to anyone with ears and eyes. The cinematography is incredible. The music is fantastic, and the acting is quite possibly the best ive seen in years. Anyone that likes RHPS or Spinal Tap is sure to LOVE this film. Dont take my word for it, go see this movie.. it rocks....  Hedwig and the Angry Inch follows the story of a young German boy who is confused by most of his surroundings.  The one thing he has always been sure of is his love of Glam rock.  He is obsessed with David Bowie, Al Greena dn Debbie Boone.  As he grows up, he realizes that he is not where he needs to be to find his \\"other half\\".  This discovery and the collection of a sugar daddy bring Hedwig (then Hansel) to America and send his world flying into trade wind hysterics. When Hansel meets his sugar daddy, Luthor, he is swept away by Luthors adoration and the promise of a better life away from war torn Germany.  The only problem is, Hansel has to be a female in order to marry Luthor and get out of the country.  Mom has the bright idea of a sex change, only the doctor botches it and Hansel (now Hedwig) is left with \\"a one inch mound of flesh\\".  This begins Hedwigs long life of turmoil.  Its your basic story, Hedwig marries Luthor, Luthor meets prett boy and leaves Hedwig, and now Hedwig must fend for herself.  She babysits and does the occasional odd job \\"mostly the jobs we call blow\\" just to scrape by.  She sings at the local TCBY with her band comprised of Korean army wives and meets Tommy \\"a dungeons and dragons loving Jesus freak with a fish...  on his truck\\" and falls torridly and madly in love with him.  Hedwig decides to fat track hers and Tommy's careers with her anthems about life.  When things get rough, Tommy blows town and takes Hedwigs songs with him.  He becomes a cultural phenom and Hedwig begins a whirlwind tour with her grunge band The Angry Inch following Tommy from town to town trying in her own way to get back what she feels she lost...  Tommy.  This is an increbly moving movie with music that will stick with you and energy that will keep you enchanted.
0780626478|5.0|BLAST FROM THE PAST is a great romantic-comedy. It's about a young man, Adam Webber (Brendan Fraser - GEORGE OF THE JUNLE, THE MUMMY, THE MUMMY RETURNS), who was born and raised in a bomb shelter which his scientist father (Christopher Walken) had built secretly in case the Communists decided to drop a bomb down in their home. Adam had never been outside in the &quot;real world&quot; before and never knew anybody except his parents. All he ever wanted was a girl to love and marry.<br />Finally, about 53 years later, their bomb shelter home is running out of supplies, and when the father has a heart attack, Adam's mother (Sissy Spacek), sends Adam out into the world to buy more supplies. When Adam gets out of the bomb shelter, he notices that everything around him is strange and totally unfamiliar. Then he meets Eve (Alicia Silverstone - CLUELESS), who shows him everything about the world above and even true love.<br />This film is so hilarious - I was laughing all the way 'til the end. BLAST FROM THE PAST is a great teen comedy and I recommend it to anybody who loves a good laugh. It's charming, cleaver, and original. The acting is solid, too. Brendan Fraser is a major hunk as always and everybody should see this film. It's a must!
B00005LMBK|5.0|'Clint Eastwood' is just superb.
B000009M5E|5.0|For a 1959 recording, the sound is quite good. The early experimentation with stereo is interesting and one gets used to it after a couple of listenings. The cast is superb. The CD was a pleasant surprise. For the relatively low price, I was expecting mediocre quality, but instead I got a beautiful recording with an excellent cast. I'm sure this particular version of Boheme will become a staple in my operatic listening.<BR>Addendum:  I have listened to this recording many times since I wrote the original review.  It gets better with each listening.  Bergonzi is unsurpassed in his rendition of Che gelinda manina (track 8 on CD 1).  This aria alone is worth the price of the recording.
B0000019HU|5.0|Spindly, crepuscular glory. A glimmering mesh of silvery guitars, the cry of a wounded child in a dark, never ending night. If you were the last man alive on earth, and saw the stars beginning to drop from the sky and hiss into the sea, Washer would be playing in your head.  Good Morning Captain is the sound of a nightmare taking bodily shape, the sound of confusion and abuse. And one of the best songs ever heard by these ears. Black guitars, giddy with violence and heartache. Spiderland exists in a world of greys and silvers and blacks, matt surfaces, rising tensions and nameless fears. It is one of the best guitar based albums ever dreamt up, ever put on vinyl. Its a tear in the fabric of sound.
0790729725|5.0|great great movie.even though the dvd has no extras it does not hinder my thoughts on giving this 5 lovely stars.
158234082X|4.0|As a seasoned veteren of the culinary trenches, one thing comes clear from reading the on-line reviews for this book: The people who didn't like it are completely clueless when it comes to restaurants and food! Yes, Chef Bourdain is arrogant, self serving, and foul mouthed, but that type of personality is simply a byproduct of the cooking industry. Massive egos, high stress, and horrific working conditions are par for the course. <br />Whatever faults the author and the book may have, this is a knee-slappingly funny account of what really goes on in kitchens, and anybody who wants to be a chef should be forced to read this book before attending cooking school. Those of you benighted souls who have no interest in fine cuisine and four-star restaurants probably won't understand the truth and humor that underly Chef Bourdain's cutting prose.
B00003CX9E|5.0|Note to Alexandria--The film is not shown in widescreen because it wasnt made or filmed that way--very few films before the 50s were filmed with a wide aspect ratio. So if you wanted widescreen for Kane, youd get a black border around the whole thing, not just the two bars on top and bottom. And quit shouting...<br />Kane' a great movie, BTW, but certainly not a favorite of mine. Just a nice historic milestone.
0451196716|4.0|I have to admit that I've been less than enthralled by King for the longest time. I'm either disappointed at an ending that is  an anti-climax or just can't get past the half-way point without dozing due to boredom. This is a surprising exception. From the very beginning King held my interest by not allowing much information to be given about 'being ticketed'. It also helps that the Walkers, for the most part, are given a three-demensional existence so the readers can sympathize with them. This is real, flesh-and-blood, individual youth being manipulated in order to compete in a popular 'game' which, in turn, reflects on just how bloodthirsty this wretched society has become. I would say that this is one of King's best efforts!
0780021967|5.0|Recently I viewed the video of the AFI banquet in which Hitchcock was given the Lifetime Achievement award (and what I saw was much at odds with Donald Spoto's gloomy description of that event). What struck me most about it was the film clip included of The 39 Steps--this print appeared to be better than any video version I had seen! I own the best video copy--the remastered Home Vision edition, and what I saw presented at the banquet looked better--even though the banquet was video taped in 1979! I decided to invest in the Criterion DVD to see if I could experience what I saw in the film clip, and what I saw amazed me: it was like seeing this film for the very first time. At the risk of overstatement, for all you Hitchcock lovers out there who have not seen this edition, there really is a Hitchcock film you have not seen yet. And the Criterion extras are wonderful. This edition has made me re-evaluate this film within the Hitchcock canon. Is it Hitchcock's finest? Just maybe. There is an old dictum in the arts that often &quot;less is more,&quot; and my impression after seeing The 39 Steps afresh is that Hitchcock did not necessarily gain all that much from more expensive budgets and higher production values. If fact he may have been suffering in the later years from what Harold Bloom calls the &quot;anxiety of influence,&quot; only it was Hitch's own earlier films to which he was responding. Case in point: North by Northwest looks increasingly like a cynical, self-reflexive parody compared with the freshness, the brilliance, the simple honesty of The 39 Steps as presented in this edition.
0060392886|5.0|This book was absolutely fantastic!! I read it in 2 days because i could not put it down. Talk about being honest and truthful, these guys dont hold anything back. If you listened to the Crue, or just want to know the kind of life celebrities lead, it is a must read. Lots of name dropping, too!!! I cant believe they got away with it!
B00000FZ1V|5.0|To have this movie on DVD is a real treat for me! Not only do I have the original widescreen version to the film, I also have the original theatrical trailer, deleted scenes, and commentary from Ivan Reitman, and Harlod Ramis! I could say about ten million things i liked about this movie, but I'll try not to blab too much (giggle)! It starts out with these three scientists (Bill Murray, Dan Aykroid, and Ramis!) who after losing their college grants become para-normal investigators &amp; eliminators! The result is a very good movie that is both scary, and funny all together!      When I started to learn more of the history of the movie, I was fascinated to discover Aykroid originally wrote it for himself and the late John Belushi who travel to the future, and become Ghostbusters! When Aykroid later showed it to director Ivan Reitman, Ivan liked what he read, but felt that it should be wise that they set it in modern-day New York, and bring Bill Murray on board! It worked so well that this movie later resulted in a sequel, and the famous cartoon series!     &quot;There's something strange in the neighborhood! Who ya gonna call? Ghostbusters!!!&quot;
6305165912|5.0|this is what you would call your classic cult film.the first,oh say 2 or 3 times i saw it i thought it was 'aight'. every time after that it just got better.you honestly have to see it about 4 times before you realize what a gem it is and quite possibly won't ever get tired of seeing it after that.John Goodman is way,way funnier than i have ever seen him before and Jeff Bridges is..well,has Jeff Bridges ever starred in an entertaining movie besides this one?? This is a very special movie, but not to insult anyone,if you aren't an intelligent,quick-witted person you might not ever see it's charm
6305622930|5.0|I you do not own Patton then your movie collection is not complete.
B00005JG6Q|5.0|This is the greatest anime i have ever seen.  It is a must have for any anime fan.
B000000OR9|5.0|John Sykes (formerly of Whitesnake and Thin Lizzy) set out on a new career path forming Blue Murder in 1988.  Originally the group was to consist of Ray Gillen on vox (which Sykes would eventually take on himself) and Cozy Powell on skins.  While it's a shame it never came to pass that Gillen did vocal work on this release, Sykes did a surprisingly fine job in that department.  And of course, Appice does as punchy of a job as Cozy Powell. The songs on Blue Murder are basically all minor to full-blown epics, ranging from four to eight minutes a piece.  Sykes and crew tend to let the melodies simmer and brew towards rewarding climaxes, and this takes a little time!  Technically very adept and melodically varied (see the acoustic flavored &quot;Jelly Roll&quot;), this outshines metal contemparies Motley Crue and Poison by a mile.  It's too bad that this didn't receive more attention, only reaching #69 on the U.S. charts.  But lesser known albums can be much more rewarding listens than their commercial counterparts.  This beats Sykes contributions on &quot;Whitesnake '87&quot; which sold over 8 million copies!
B00003W8NM|5.0|The title is deceptive.  The picture on the VHS box is deceptive.  The whole \\"selling\\" of the film is deceptive.  And the message seems to have flown over most people's heads.  Hey, dudes...this is Gnostic allegory again...but this time in satirical, dark, sardonic form...like hilarious, but awful, \\"Barton Fink\\" ...and it is dark, allegory attacking the shallow, superficial, materialistic world and its lies and deceptions...supposedly in favor of Truth and worthwhile Reality.  So, the theme and the film are really, really clever.  But as \\"Tyler\\" says to the protagonist on the plane... \\"How's that working out for you...being clever?\\" To which the protagonist answers: \\"Great.\\"  But, of course, that is a lie.  It isn't working out for him...and it hasn't worked out for him.  So, if the makers of this film adopt the slick, expedient deceptive methods of the world in order to try to get across their message, aren't they as tainted as the world is?  Do you use the devil's techniques...to fight the devil?  Doesn't that just put you on his level?<br />Because of the title, and the talk at the time of its release about the so-called glorification of violence...and no talk at all about this film being something other than that...no talk about its being satirical, or funny, or darkly sardonic... I had not even bothered to see it.  But it was offered by someone...and I finally popped it into the VCR...from the first moments, I knew this was not the film I had thought it was going to be.  As the minutes continued into the hilarious, satirical, sardonic commentary on modern life and the world...and its deceptions and materialism and trying to establish \\"identity\\" and meaning through possessions and name brands... and then on into the hidden messages of no one listening to anyone else...truly listening... but only waiting for their turn to speak... the same thing that the detective in \\"Dark City\\" laments:  \\"No one EVER listens to me!\\" ... I began to think that I had somehow latched onto a wrongly packaged film...that the film that had been put into the cassette was not the film that was supposed to be there.  Only when Brad Pitt finally showed up on the plane in that hilarous garb, and the shades, and the beard did I realize that this was supposed to be \\"Fight Club,\\" but that \\"Fight Club\\" was far far far different from what it had been touted and \\"sold\\" as being.  The message isn't the fighting...the message is hidden in the sardonic commentary on the world, its lies, its shallowness, its phoney unreality, and its materialistic, hedonistic, sex-and-violence manipulation of the wordlings...so they will remain \\"passive as Hindu cows\\"...while they are being taken for all the money they have...while they are being ripped off and psychologically manipulated to think they need to find value and worth in the phoney world system...and maybe there is some of \\"Network\\" in it, too...someone seems \\"mad as hell\\" and they're not going to take it anymore... this film seems to be their cathartic equivalent of going to the window, opening it, and yelling that at the top of their lungs...<br />  Clever, clever, clever...but who's listening?
B00004S6GL|5.0|All the reviews of this CD so far have talked about Son Of Sam, Happiness, Everything Reminds Me of Her, and Everything Means Nothing to Me.  Now, I like all those songs(except Happiness, which I find kind of incomplete.  Well, it's hard to describe) but I think that the best track on the CD is being ignored.  So I'm going reveal to everyone out there that the best song is actually &quot;Can't Make a Sound&quot;.  No, nope, no arguments.  That's the truth.  In fact, I think that's the best song he's ever written(except for maybe Alphabet City and Independence Day).  It is so good if you really get into it and understand what he's talking about.  &quot;Nobody knows what he's doing, still hanging around, can't make a sound&quot;.  Man, you can't beat that.<br />So for all those people out there who are buying this CD for the first time, don't ignore that second-to-last song, because you might find it's your favorite, too.
B00003CXFV|5.0|I was amazed by Julia Roberts performance. Her acting certainly is high caliber and Albert Finney as Ed Massery also high caliber. This movie is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again. I certainly would want Erin Brockovich to come to my aid. What a movie, What an actress, What a heroine we have in Erin Brockovich.
B00000JCOV|5.0|it rules it is the hardest, loudest, most out of control cd ever nuff said!!
B000059MEK|5.0|you are a GRINGOLOCO FUNNYSTUFF?, and i want to see your knowledge about this record because, you don't know anything about this work,i'm not a fan, i just want to make you a question brother! ....when has a european album become popular in the USA?<br />this album is the spirit of  daft punk, maybe, the most personal album ever made.(influences of early days). grow up man!
B00000FBRE|4.0|This album is okay, really rocks at times, but is probably Lagwagon's worst album. Luckily, I got Duh and Hoss first, two cds that made me a huge lagwagon fan. The best tracks on this cd are &quot;After you my friend&quot; &quot;hurry up and wait&quot; and &quot;May 16.&quot; May 16 is the best track, the first lagwagon song I ever heard when I listened to a fat wreck chords comp. Get this to complete your collection if you're a huge lagwagon fan, but if you're just starting, get Dih, Hoss, or Double Plaidinum.
B000056VJ7|4.0|Almost twenty-five years after it was first released, it's now safe to say that this was one of the best records of the seventies.  Credit the music of Jim Steinman, the production expertise of Todd Rundgrun and, last but certainly not least, the vocal theatrics of Meat himself.  My favorite tracks: the Phil-Spector-esque &quot;You took the words right out of my month,&quot; &quot;Two out of three ain't bad,&quot; &quot;For crying out loud,&quot; with echoes of the Boss, and of course, the minor classic &quot;Paradise by the dashboard light,&quot; with a cameo by Yankee great Phil Rizzuto.  Get the SACD if possible - the improved sound serves the music wonderfully.
0684853523|5.0|Having never read any Stephen King books, I am however, interested in how does he create such masterpieces?  He has millions of people across the globe reading his materials and watching movies based on his books.  Simply amazing.  I know I could never do it and admire him for his success.  <br />I was pulled into the book after the first page and couldn't put it down.  To learn of how he struggled and kept his dreams alive...that he would be published is a great heart-lifting inspiration.  Although I didn't participate in the book's exercises...it would be a valuable experience for anyone who is looking to find their words on the bookstore shelf.<br />Simply, put your mind to it and believe in yourself.
B00005B4GD|5.0|This is a first-rate Bee Gees' CD, full of energetic, feel-good music.  Pop ballads are interspersed with some very catchy up-tempo tracks; the result is a well-crafted album that is, in my opinion, one of their best ever.  <br />This review is specifically directed towards the two bonus tracks included on the import version.  Both are gorgeous songs and well worth having, particularly if you're a fan of Robin's vocals.  &quot;Promise the Earth&quot; offers a top-notch performance by Robin of a beautifully-crafted song. It has the strongest euro-pop beat on the album. In short, it's high energy and it's phenomenal!  &quot;Just in Case&quot; is a lovely ballad. For those who've seen the Keppel Road video, this is the work-in-progress that was showcased there. Robin sings the verse, and Barry is the dominant voice on the chorus. The song turned out to be far more beautiful than I could've imagined.<br />These two tracks (together with &quot;Embrace,&quot; &quot;Deja Vu,&quot; &quot;Sacred Trust&quot; and &quot;Wedding Day&quot;) are my favourites on a CD that is full of great songs.  If you like what you hear on the sample tracks, you'll not be disappointed with this CD. Get it and you'll see why these three brothers are among the best songwriters and performers of the 20th century!
B0000203YT|5.0|ahh i love this movie. there are movies that are wonderful but depress you, movies that make you happy because they're stupid, and movies that make you happy because they're beautiful and sad and funny at the same time. shakespeare in love is the latter. the costumes are amazing, the acting is slightly melodramatic but in a way it's necessary to be so. beautiful movie.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Armageddon is a 2 1/2 hour assault on your intelligence and your senses. Sitting through this move was almost a painfull experience for me because the lightning fast editing just doesn't let up! In fact, the editing is so schizophrenic and so unyielding, that the barrage of images flashing across your TV screen is likely to induce an epileptic seizure, even if you aren't prone to having them. That could be forgiven perhaps, if the story had enough intelligence to make it worth the risk. Unfortunately the plot in Armageddon is nothing more than a vehicle to drive the action sequences. And what a perfect topic they chose to accomplish their goal! I mean, whenever the action lets up for more 30 seconds, all they have to do to get it going again is shower meteorites on the unwitting population of Earth. Wheeeeee, what great fun, and lots of cool explosions too! This movie is obviously geared towards Attention Deficit, adolescent teenagers. It's nothing more than a noisy 2 1/2 hour action sequence, and is practically a parody of formula Hollywood action movies! <br />Another reviewer here called Armageddon &quot;brainless entertainment&quot;, but I'd call it &quot;mindless suffering!&quot; <br />On the plus side the picture and sound quality on the DVD are really good.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Kevin Smith's Dogma is a brilliant comedy that's been misunderstood right from the begging. This movie doesn't mock religion. It simply jokes around about people's beliefs. It's cartoonish, savagely funny, and wonderfuly written. Smith isn't here to shock and offend. He has a message to tell. If anything, thelast thing this movie does is bash any religion. It tells you to have faith. And I tell you to have faith in this film. If you want to disagree with me, fine, make sure to vote against me, but faith is in the eye of the beholder, and to not give this movie a chance, truely proves who's ignorant in this situation.
0385121679|5.0|If you are that numb, to ask if this is worth reading, then you have not been around long enough to know the masters of horror. Who are they? Lovecraft, Poe, King. Be a true reader, and take a lesson from those who know. This is a horror-reader's bliss! If you love good horror novels, and you have not read this, you have a serious void in your experience. Get to it!
B00005B6C9|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the best CDs released by the Bee Gees; certainly, it is one of their top five.  There really isn't a bad song on the album, which is quite a feat for a collection as eclectic as this one.  <br />Not only is the style of music quite varied on this album, but so too are the vocal arrangements.  All three brothers can be heard harmonizing as usual on half of the songs, with Robin and Barry swapping leads. However, the other six songs consist of each brother going solo for two songs each. It's wonderful to hear a more equitable division of vocals, and it certainly adds to the richness of the sound.  <br />So far as the songs are concerned, the title track &amp; She Keeps on Coming both have a definite 60s feel to them.  The latter track is quite a rocker, but with a very catchy, pleasing melody.  Sacred Trust &amp; Wedding Day are two powerful ballads that are breath-takingly beautiful and are easily two of my favourites.  Man in the Middle &amp; Walking on Air are Maurice's contributions.  They are typical of his style with terrific uptempo beats and very catchy melodies, especially Walking on Air with its snazzy chorus.  Deja Vu &amp; Embrace are Robin's babies (another two of my favourites).  These are real pop songs, with cheerful, lovely melodies.  Embrace (the best track on the CD in my opinion) has a powerful beat in particular.  Technicolour Dreams &amp; Loose Talk Costs Lives are Barry's songs.  The latter song is a gentle ballad; the former, however, is strongly reminiscent of film music from the 1940s (or thereabouts).  It's a cute song, albeit a trifle out of place here.  The Extra Mile is another gentle ballad.  It was originally written for the 2000 Sydney Olympics and features orchestral accompaniment.  Voice in the Wilderness is a noisy, hard-edged rocker.  It is one of only a handful of their songs ever not to have been written exclusively by a Gibb.  (It was written by Barry and four band members).  I don't particularly care for this song, but it's the only one on a CD full of first-rate music.<br />All in all, this is an outstanding collection of well-crafted, high quality songs.  Actually, one can listen to samples of all the tracks, including the two import tracks, by hopping over to &quot;This is Where I Came In [Import]&quot;.  There are a couple of import versions, but only this one has all the tracks available for sampling.  Actually, fans of the Bee Gees may want to consider the import version--especially those who love Robin's voice.<br />As for those for whom the Bee Gees are a new experience, this is a wonderful place to begin. (So, I might add, is their &quot;One Night Only&quot; CD if you're looking for a great cross-section of hits covering a 30-year time frame.)  Those who associate the Bee Gees with the falsettos of the Saturday Night Fever era will probably not even recognize this group, as there's not a falsetto to be heard.<br />In short, this is one of the best albums by one of the best songwriting/performing teams of our time.  These guys know how to write a quality song, and quality is in abundance on this CD.  Very highly recommended.
0553573403|5.0|Mr. Martin has changed the face of the fantasy genre, and in my opinion, much for the better.  What do I base that opinion on?  This book, the first in his SONG OF ICE AND FIRE series.  This is the first fantasy I have read where magic is relegated to a minor sphere. It is the people, Noble and peasant, all of whom are a mixture of good and evil, who take center stage in a world where one season can go on for years; where men of honor die by the machinations of those much more clever than they; where a young girl, desendant of High Kings, finds herself married to a barbarian warlord with little interest in the world outside his Sea of Grass ; and where the coming of the long years of Winter and the demonic Others is guarded by former criminals and bastard sons which make up the lonely Night Watch.  This is a book worth reading, and sets the stage for the next books, which for the most part get better and better.<br />  That said, it will not be for everyone.  A word of warning: if you are looking for a fantasy with a sweeping love story,  or flashingly powerful magic, or the characters you love to remain alive and finally succede through all their adversity, this book is not for you.  This is gritty, dark, by turns hilariously irreverant and shockingly heartrending. Don't allow yourself to much stake in a particular character...chances are, you are backing the wrong &quot;player&quot; in this Game of Thrones.
B00003CXN4|4.0|Traffic is the perfect Hollywood epic. It's character drama at it's best. It's also a seamy look into the drug world, for many different viewpoints. The interconnecting stories are all wonderful, especially Luiz/s Guzman and Don Cheadle's. This film should have won the Oscar compared to everything else nominated that year. What really should have won is a different story, but Traffic will leave a mark in great American movie making history.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I had been wanting to see this film for a long time, ever since the 1991 Academy Awards when Billy Crystal asked Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins about the sequel and both confirmed it was coming. Upon the release of Michael Mann's Manhunter and Demme's Silence of the Lambs, this film seems poised to come under incredible scrutiny, which it did.  Manhunter was more police procedure suspense film, which veered into the more horrific parts of humanity; whereupon, Silence took that notion and fleshed it out even more. Police procedure became horror film and vice versa and the door was left open with Lector walking away peacefully in Jamaca. Now comes Hannibal, the inevitable conclusion to this series and takes its subject directly into the horrific. The last two films combined had locked doors, pits, bugs, sharp teeth, cannibalism, etc and the terror was built out of your mind's eye (with the exception of Lector pulling the face off the victim in the back of the ambulence; which detractors of Hannibal tend to forget), and now comes the almost operatic notion of criminals on the run being pursured by FBI, perverts and money hungry and fame seeking detectives, not to mention killer pigs. The series was building up to this nightmarish series of images and taken as a whole, this is the most distubring horror series possibly ever made. Hannibal, seems more like a foreign film than the blood and guts slasher film that everyone seems to think it is. Is it bloody? Yes, but enough so--not overly. This isn't Dawn of the Dead, people. The ironic thing was that alot of attention was made that the filmmakers changed the ending of the book, which they did--and it works beautifully; however, the ending of the book probably would have worked in this adaptation of the film. The idea of Lector and Starling together would not have seemed out of left field coming out of this film. All in all, though--this film will be thought well over time and if not chalk this up with other great horror films that no one seems to pay any attention to (Mute Witness, Opera, Blair Witch 2, Cherry Falls). Take what you want from this film, but I feel this is one of the best and strongest horror films in recent memory; so if you are into bubblegum horror--please stay away.films that no one seems to pay any attention to (Mute Witness, Opera, Blair Witch 2, Cherry Falls). Take what you want from this film, but I feel this is one of the best and strongest horror films in recent memory; so if you are into bubblegum horror--please stay away.
158234082X|5.0|The book was an absolutley staggering and fantastic tour through the professional kitchen.  Now when peolple tell me that I should open my own restaurant, I tell them to go to hell.
0002171856|5.0|This book covers everything you would need know to survive in the woods or on a deserted island.
0553296981|5.0|I read this book because of my interest in Anne Frank. I must have loved it because I keep going back and reading my favorite entries again and again. Truly a great book.
6304083769|5.0|I have just recently begun to immerse myself in the wonderful world of anime, and I must say that this movie has changed the way I look at movies.  The great thing about anime is that it provides an outlet for great stories to be told that Hollywood would never have the guts, or resources in some cases, to make.  When you first watch this movie you will be mezmorized by the music, art, and most of plot.  I cannot express how much I enjoyed this movie.
0425170349|4.0|If you are tired of Tom Clancy's later novels because he has lost his ability to keep his story moving due to excessive detail, then you will be pleasently surprised.  RAINBOW SIX is a throwback to WITHOUT REMORSE, both books featuring John Clark as the principal character.  I grade RAINBOW SIX four stars because it is a fast paced action adventure.  I recommend that you read it-you won't be able to put it down.<br />     Notwithstanding my grade and recommendation, Tom Clancy has developed two problems which show themselves in RAINBOW SIX.  First, this is the third Tom Clancy novel I have read in which the villains use germ warfare against mankind.  Tom Clancy is running out of plots.  Second, Tom Clancy hates environmentalists, as he has stated on numerous occasions in most of his writings.  In RAINBOW SIX environmentalists are made the primary villains and equated with the Provisional Wing of the Irish Republican Army.  Tom Clancy is running out of villains.  Perhaps Tom Clancy should take a few years off to recharge his creative batteries.
0767819462|3.0|A nice but tired story. But, how much more interesting it would have been if Lynn Whitfield had played Julia Robert's part with an otherwise unchanged cast. In addition, Lynn Whitfield is a far better actress than Julia Roberts. Of course this is a no-no in racist USA.
006016848X|3.0|There are some good points.  For example, women want a shoulder to lean on with someone to listen to them and not a quick answer to their problems.  Also, I thought that the love letters was an excellent suggestion in communication.  However, I thought that there was an overtone of woman bashing.  For example, women want to give unsolicited advice.  Ok, fine, what is wrong with that? Simply recognize that the intent is to be helpful in a loving way.  Why should the woman stop with this advice?  Why should the woman be the one adjusting to all of these situations?  There is very little, if any, requirements that the man do the adjusting.  In summary, some very good points but most of which are common knowledge by now.
B000059XXZ|4.0|First I must say that Superman lost his zing with me when he made time erase itself.  So Batman became my new solace, and boy am I glad I chose _him_!  Michael Keaton gives a note-worthy performance (though I think George Clooney could give him a run for his money) as the title character, yet, of course, is overshadowed by his painted counterpart, played brilliantly by Jack Nicholson.  If these movies are remade, I wonder who could play that part up to par with Nicholson.  Kim Basinger is the second best Blonde in the bunch (Michelle Pfieffer is the Queen), and really adds a punch.  The storyline is weak if you think too hard, like I do, but it's fun.  Reall, three and a half stars.  A great outing, equalled by Forever, yet surpassed by Returns.
079284632X|4.0|Hey guys.  When will Last House be released on DVD?  Any ideas? It's just been turned down again for cinema release again in the UK - despite the fact that over the last few years they've been a bit more lenient about horror stuff - Texas Chainsaw, Driller Killer etc are all available now.  I saw this last year at a Club screening and it has to be one of the best horror movies ever.  Okay, so it all looks a bit rough and ready now and the actins a bit unmannered to say the least but this is truly powerful stuff.  A real treat for a horror fan who usually has to put up with anoydyne stuff like Halloween 15 or whatever.  You in the US have it so lucky.  Pity the horror fan over here. The powers that be tell us that were simply too impressionable to watch a decent horror film.
B00003Q438|5.0|If you havn't seen The Abyss, go for it! This movie is such a treat plus with the extra long ending it really is neat. The only thing I didn't like was the &quot;Hidden Moral of the Day Kids!&quot; twards the end. I'm for saving the enviroment and human race etc.. but this was alittle hokey. &quot;Man kind is so evil, but you are hope!&quot; they don't say that but.. you will know what I mean.
B000003S0K|5.0|A classic album by a consistantly great artist! This is Brian Eno's first solo effort, and a spectacular one at that. This record is his pop material, not ambient. With style and primitive synthesizers Eno made an album you can lisen to from start to finish.
B000059XY5|4.0|This film is the most hauntingly engaging film of the series. Michelle Pfeiffer hold her own to Jack Nicholson as the Catwoman, arguably the best part of the movie.  Danny DeVito does excellent with (this version of) The Penguin.  Micheal Keaton is a bit better this round as the title character. Whoever it was that designed this film deserves thier props.  Gotham is belivable, yet sitll dark enough for there to be a Batman.  Danny Elfman is _the_ choreographer.  TIm Burton does excellent this turn.<br />BAD:  Danny DeVito's Penguin (just like Jim Carrey's Riddler, Tommy Le Jones' TwoFace, and Arnold Schwarzenegger's Mr. Freeze) is not characteristic of the comic's version.  Max Schreck is unneeded in my opinion, and the whole black spit thing really got on my nerves.  (and the Penguin was defeated way to easily)<br />Yet still, Tim Burton's Bat-villians have an essense that make you feel for them.  I rewatch Batman Returns now, and think:  That poor woman's going to be such a big part of Gotham's history, and she doesn't know it.  I didn't get that feeling with Freeze, TwoFace, Bane, Ivy, of the Riddler.  I felt sorry for Catwoman.  I felt sorry (not long, though) for the Joker and the Penguin.  That's what Batman should be.
B00000HYXB|5.0|There is no better description for this CD: It's one of the best ever, and probably will ever be. The album is entirely based on the book The Silmarillion, from J R R Tolkien, the father of fantasy. As previous works, Blind Guardian come up with excellent lyrics that relate directly to the book, and the riffs are incredible (when you talk about BG, _best_ is the word more often used).
B00003CX5P|4.0|If you have imagination and a love having a good time, this film is fun and you'll enjoy watching it (especially when the DVD comes out).   There is a great race scene, a sword fight without comparison, and a fantastic musical score all of which contribute to a fun film.   George Lucas's imagination of another time and place make for an exciting adventure. . . if you let it.<br />On the other hand, you are a cynic and are going to analize the film for the 2 hours of running time, you'll hate it.<br />Star Wars is about having fun, laughing, and dreaming.   Episode I is just like the 3 original films in that respect.   Too many &quot;fans of Star Wars&quot; have lost the pleasure in watching the films.   It's like analyzing how the rides at Disneyland work.  Don't think, just get in the seat, take the ride and have fun.   Unfortunatly, many of these fans have built up Episode I so much in their minds that nothing could match the expectations.   They no longer watch to have fun, but to see if it matches their expectations.<br />Trust me, put the film in and enjoy (especially for kids!).
6303286542|5.0|I LOVED THIS VIDEO. I HAD JUST SEEN THEIR CONCERT IN ALPINE VALLEY WISCONSIN AND WANTED MORE. THIS WAS IT. THEIR VIDEOS ARE AMAZING. IT KEPT ME GLUED TO MY SEAT, WHICH IS A HARD THING TO DO!
B00005IC2H|5.0|I have read every review here, and I have seen many excellent ones, and a few simplistic ones.  I will not reiterate anything here.  From a technical standpoint, this music is not only profoundly original in its harmonies and instrumentals, it blends the perfection of classical instrumentals with the innovation and vision we find in popular music.  If you are tired of yet another band composed of a couple of morons playing the same old chords on the ubiquitous guitar, with the musical knowledge of a first grader.. you will be impressed.   <br />Besides being amazed that a popular music group can create music without the typical rock band composition, this music suceeds in the ultimate goal of all music: It invokes unique emotions that are atypical for any sort of music.  Many people have tried to describe what this music makes them think of, or feel.  <br />Whatever this music does do for you, it is radically different than the vast majority of other groups out there. For me, this music is quite serene.  While I will compare it in its pure clarity to other scandanavian music, Sibelius comes to mind, I can't describe exactly what this music is all about.  I can honestly say that I enjoy the opportunity to coming a little closer to understanding this music every single day.  This is not a shot in the dark, quick fix of pop music. Take some time to savor it, and figure out exactly what was put into this fine music.
B00004RHZU|4.0|Well first I got to say if I was not looking at the cover I would think she was a black person.. She got heart and she sings with true feelings... I think her music career will go very far.She has so much power in her voice
0060278234|5.0|this was a fasinating sequil to the first story in this trilogy, sabriel.This is a story about an evil, free magic necromancer,hedge, a daughter of the clayr that goes on many adventures,lirael, and a prince/abhorsen in waiting,samenth. Sams friend has a little change of plans and samenth goes out to save the day while mean while lirael has many interesting encounters in the vast library of the clayr's glacer. this was a very intereasting book that created a fictional world that seemed real and left me wanting to know what was next. the ending is a suprising stop that made me want to start the next book as soon a s posable. i recomend this book to every one
1558908323|5.0|&quot;Life finds a way.&quot; Ian Malcom, &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;<br />This famous line from Steven Speilberg's dinosaur adventure has become a popular lesson of many science fiction films today. &quot;Mimic,&quot; a film in which genetically altered insects become something never intended, is no exception to this particular lesson; in fact, the movie uses it to its advantage on numerous occasions, that, and some very sophisticated special effects and filmmaking techniques. Mexican director Guillermo del Toro, who directed &quot;Cronos,&quot; turns what is a basic nature-gone-mad movie into something more terrifying, more chilling, and more suspenseful than anything we've ever seen done before.<br />That's not to say that &quot;Mimic&quot; is as fresh as a spring breeze. There are elements at work in the film that are all too familiar if you know your science fiction well. There's the obligatory explanation for the havoc surrounding the central characters, scenes involving them being trapped somewhere beyond any help, and a hero in the group that will devise all the plans for escape and the way in which to kill their opponent. But under a new premise, and some very strikingly intense moments, &quot;Mimic&quot; makes the old seem new again.<br />The hero (or heroine, in this case) is Dr. Susan Tyler (Mira Sorvino), who is called upon by the city of New York to find a cure for a fatal disease striking the city's children. Along with husband Peter Mann (Jeremy Northam), they create a genetically altered breed of insect (revealed as a cross between a cockroach and a praying mantis) to wipe out the disease-infested cockroaches underneath the city.<br />Of course, the bugs, named the &quot;Judas&quot; breed, were altered in ways that left them with a short life expectancy of only six months, plus a sterile female so that no mating will take place. But, after three years have passed, Susan encounters a bug closely resembling the &quot;Judas&quot; breed insects, and it becomes apparent to her that they have survived.<br />How did they survive? The movie never explains it, which is best; it's better left as a mystery. It also leaves room for the ensuing action sequences, as Susan and Peter, along with a police officer (Charles Dutton), make their way into the underground subways and abandoned facilities beneath the city streets.<br />This is where things get really interesting, as del Toro works his magic on us. A simple scene in which Susan attempts to retrieve a flashlight by sticking her hand in a dark hole is full of suspense, while a claustrophobic intensity permeates sequences involving an abandoned subway car where the group seeks refuge from their predators. Accompanying all of this is a heightened sensory perception. Del Toro toys with shadow and light, along with sight and sound, to add an atmospheric feel to each setting. Not since &quot;Seven&quot; have I seen a film that uses this technique so masterfully.<br />And the message behind it all? It's one we're well familiarized with, that playing God gets us nowhere. Sure, Susan's intentions were in the right place, and we even understand her reasons after an early shot of her in a hospital ward filled with sick children. I think the general theme behind all of the mayhem is not one of toying with science, but one on the many ways that life can change, and evolve into something previously unknown.<br />&quot;Mimic&quot; has a good cast in its favor. Mira Sorvino shines in a role that differs from others roles of her career, such as &quot;Mighty Aphrodite.&quot; But she proves herself able to play a convincing character in any situation. Jeremy Northam is the last person you'd expect to see running through tunnels and putting himself in dangerous situations, but he pulls it off. F. Murray Abraham makes an appearance as Susan's mentor, Dr. Gates, playing the well-educated man to perfection, while Charles Dutton is superbly comical and heroic as Leonard, the police officer.<br/>&quot;Mimic&quot; is a dazzlingly intense adventure that is genuinely suspenseful and totally entertaining. It's ability to tighten the intensity surrounding its sequence of events is a trait rare to this genre, as is its ability to bring us into the atmosphere of the film's murky settings. Del Toro has fashioned a new evolution of sci-fi out of old-school tricks; I highly recommend this film.
B00002E23E|4.0|Admittedly, Led Zeppelin's only concert film is the kind of thing that only the real fans will be able to get into completely. The movie is overlong, frought with sometimes-tiresome fantasy sequences and riddled with annoying cuts (in the middle of songs, no less). But on the other hand, there's nothing quite like seeing the band live, and they do bring a fair amount of energy to songs like 'No Quarter', 'Whole Lotta Love' and the indispensible 'Stairway to Heaven'. These were not their very best concerts, but they are good nonetheless. While non-Zep fans will probably be bored, this movie is a treat for the band's core fans.
630021463X|5.0|There are two influnces that seem to have created this movie---one, the appearance of Humphery, the humpback whale, in San Francisco Bay one year before the movie's release. The other, less obvious influence, IMHO, seems to be an episode of TV's MIAMI VICE called &quot;Prodigal Son,&quot; in which Sonny Crockett and Ricardo Tubbs go to Tubbs' hometown of New York to grab some drug dealers. Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co. walk the streets of San Francisco (where James T. utters the immortal line &quot;a double-dumbass on you!&quot; to an Ess Eff motorist). This is by far the best TREK flick ever. 7TH HEAVEN'S Catherine Hicks plays superbly off Shatner as Gillian Taylor, while Chekov is really funny trying to to talk his way through an interrogation by paranoid Cold Warriors aboard the aircraft carrier ENTERPRISE (an echo of a scene in the Classic Trek ep, &quot;Tomorrow Is Yesterday, in which a captive Kirk is interrogated by equally nasty types in a Nebaska Air Force base---alas, Pavel is not as smooth as Jim Kirk); There's also a scene in which Chekov and Uhura ask passersby about the mysterious Alameda, where they keep the nucelar &quot;wessels&quot; (as a resident of that Bay Area bedroom burg, that always cracks me up) and the final madcap scene in the SF hospital where Chekov is held. A keeper, folks.....
B00003CY5K|5.0|I loved this movie because to some extent it followed my own life. I am blonde, ummm i guess and according to everyone everything blondes are labled as. However I am at the top of my class in high school. Reese Witherspoon does a great job playing the super blonde people. The entire audience (Including me and 15 friends) was laughing almost nonstop. It was well written, well directed and most of all well acted. I must say that my favorite part was when she graduated at the top of her class, got a great boyfriend, and totally fried her old boyfriend who basically said she was stupid! YES I totally loved this movie!
B00000J7S8|5.0|I can listen to this album over and over.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|When Slipknot first showed up on the scene, i didnt think much of them. They had an awesome appearance, and sweet sounds, but it didn't get me hooked. After awhile my friends said that the CD was awesome, so i picked it up. Believe me the digipak is worth the extra money, all the extra's are excellent. Slipknot combines heavy dark sounds with the great lyrics that are screamed by Cory. Get the digipak, its well worth the extra money.
6303433766|5.0|I was deeply disturbed after viewing this film. Two girls meet, become best friends, then fall in love. But even then, their relationship goes deeper than love/homosexuality. It becomes so obsessive that Pauline is not complete without Juliet, nor is Juliet without Pauline. They are both apparently psychotic, as in one scene Pauline even admits that they are both &quot;stark, raving mad!&quot; But killing her mother to be with Juliet? Awful. She views her mother, like she views everyone else, like a pawn, a thing, not a person. The murder scene disturbed me extremely. You can imagine what sorts of emotions they were feeling. They wished they'd never started, but they know they can't leave the horrible deed unfinished. What drives them to keep going is their intense need for each other. But it doesn't turn out like they'd hoped or thought. The end is gloomy and upsetting. Warning: You may be disturbed to tears.
0790729628|4.0|First off, I'm surprised to see so many people arguing for the Theatrical Cut. The idea of narration to make the story clearer (it can be a bit overwhelming at first, due to the visual spectacle) is superb on paper, but in practice it really doesn't illuminate much, and Ford's deliberately-flat delivery of the lines hurts the product as well. The &quot;happy&quot; ending is a cop-out, featuring an upbeat twist with no precedent in the film, and being much too sappy given what we've seen before. I'd be fine with the theatrical cut being available (after all, the BRAZIL deluxe box set includes the &quot;Love Conquers All&quot; cut), but it's in no way superior to Scott's true vision.<br />Okay- the movie itself is one of the great science fiction films, with an astoundingly atmospheric portrayal of a run-down L.A. of the future- the Art Direction and visual effects are superb. However, there's substance to go with the style- like Philip K. Dick's original novel DO ANDROIDS DREAM OF ELECTRIC SHEEP (quite different from this film version, highly recommended in itself), it's a story about what it means to be human. Are the &quot;real&quot; humans in this movie really any better than the Replicants? Do they have the right to exterminate their own creations? And which is which anyway? Another highlight is Rutger Hauer's astounding performance as Roy Batty, alternately passionate, crazed and sympathetic. It's a shame his career hasn't gone better.<br />The flick has a lot to recommend it, but unfortunately the DVD seems to have been produced when Warner Bros. was just getting the hang of this newfangled technology. Picture and sound quality are adequate, enough to show off an already great-looking movie, but there are no special features of note- not even a trailer! The greatest flaw on this DVD is that the &quot;Jump to a Scene&quot; feature doesn't even cover all the chapter stops in the movie- if you want to get to, say, chapter 6 or chapter 12, you're going to have to crack open the manual that came with your DVD player. I suppose I wouldn't have a problem with all this if the disc weren't so expensive, as Warner Bros., if nothing else, is usually pretty reasonable on pricing. I can name several DVDs released by the company which are better-presented and cost less- heck, just do a search and you'll find them.<br />Fortunately, BLADE RUNNER is a good enough movie that it's worth the purchase price- if you've got a DVD collection, you should probably consider adding this. However, it's a shame that WB didn't wait just a tad longer to give this a better treatment. I have a feeling that some time from now, we're all gonna have to buy this movie again...
B000059ZLH|4.0|Mike Portnoy is a terrific drummer, songwriter and lyricist ... but he is not a director. The cinematography would have been great if Dream Theater was some silly glam metal band like Poison or Twisted Sister. And the flashback (acting?)scenes were pathetic, at best. <br />So why 4 stars? Because the music was spectacular (duh?), the extra songs were a nice shift fron the concept, especially A Change of Seasons (the best song the band has or will ever make), and the behind the scenes additions were well-done.<br />Next time Mike, try a little moody lighting. It goes better with the moody and emotional music you guys make so brilliantly.
B000000WJZ|5.0|The Smashing Pumpkins best work. Songs never get boring and are all catchy, except for #6(i forget what its called). even though its diffeant from every other song. They're great in differant ways. Silver and #8 are great as hard rock songs, and stuff like mayoinaise just has great melody, and guitar.
B000002LIX|5.0|Blazing their way out of the decadent-yet-copycat LA rock/metal scene of the late &#8216;80s, Jane&#8217;s Addiction cut a perplexing figure in the era of phoffed hair and cheesy chord-riffs, unabashedly defining neo &#8216;art-metal&#8217; and gleefully defying standard conventions on their way to the top.  The appeal of Jane&#8217;s was, on the surface, a paradoxical one: Perry Farrell&#8217;s shrill howl and junkie frame coupled with Stephen Perkin&#8217;s tribal drum technique added an exotic mystique to Dave Navarro&#8217;s epic guitar workouts and Eric A&#8217;s booming, melodic bass.  How could frantic heavy metal chords&#8212;-the red meat staple of middle-American angst-&#8212;be threaded with lyrics about pigs wallowing in blissful Zen and the search for a God who, I paraphrase, didn&#8217;t seem to be there at all? Yet they did. And Jane&#8217;s influence was multi-fold, far shadowing their more popular peers: in the span of two albums they foretold the sludge-despair of grunge by a few years while stirring in a heady dose of sunny enthusiasm that the coffee-drenched Seattle sound unfortunately lacked.  Jane&#8217;s rocked, pure and simple, a mix of equal parts intellectual seeking and adrenaline release.  <br />Ritual de lo Habitual is their best album, a hallucinatory epic that conjures images of neon-lit bordellos and crash pads, of needle fever, of the search for redemption through whatever means necessary.  Like so many other great albums by great bands&#8212;including The Wall, the White Album, Who&#8217;s Next&#8212;Ritual was conceived and crafted in a difficult period for the band, with them right on the verge of implosion&#8230;yet from this tension was gleaned the best playing and compositions these individual players had come up with yet (and since).  But enough ramblings; on with the music:<br />Ritual begins with a subversive Spanish \\"we love your children\\" prelude, an appropriate lull before the kickstart roar of 'Stop,' all heavy chords and culture-allusion-lyrics molding a breathtaking climax.   'No One&#8217;s Leaving' shreds into the stop-gap void that follows.  Coming off a tad pretentious, this song is not one of Jane&#8217;s best by any means, but the rumbling bass roll and Cliff-Notes Nietzsche musings of 'Ain&#8217;t No Right' immediately rectifies the situation.  &#8220;Ain&#8217;t no wrong now, ain&#8217;t no right,&#8221; Perry announces, &#8220;there&#8217;s only pleasure and pain&#8221;&#8212;the theme song of the Lost City if there ever was one; a dark negation of the Beach Boys ideal and comparable to the shimmering 'Hotel California' muse from a previous generation.  'Obvious' is a drifting shout-out to all those backstabbers and parasites the band undoubtedly encountered in their long tenure through the Cali club circuit: &#8220;I&#8217;ve worked my fingers to the bone and I won&#8217;t let you stop me goin&#8217; up&#8221;&#8212;ironic, considering the band&#8217;s future, but effective nonetheless.  Then the stutter of 'Been Caught Stealin&#8217;' reminds us that life shouldn&#8217;t always be taken serious, and to jokingly prove it stitch criminal mischief into the Top 40.  Thus ends the fast and furious side of Ritual.  Artiness and introspection follow, the self-indulgent genius that listeners will either passionately love or ardently despise, depending on perspective and individual experience.<br />'Three Days' is Perry Farrell&#8217;s masterpiece, a song he will probably never top&#8230;but what a way to go out.  Composed in five sections, this epic about a Mnage a Trios begins slow and strings-laced, an acoustic prologue of hints and insinuations; before you know it Perkin&#8217;s low-thunder rhythms are glinting with the lightning grace of Navarro&#8217;s skillful chops.  Thrash hammering takes over in the second half, sundering the beauty of before.  The last breakdown, complete with inarticulate hurrahs and searing solos, winds the song into a sweaty, glorious finale.  From this sound and fury chimes in a lone acoustic guitar, soon accompanied by orchestrated sweeps; in this, 'Then She Did,' Perry gets personal about departed lovers with blue veins and a mother who used to take him out &#8220;strolling through the garbage.&#8221;  The eastern-tinged 'Of Course' gives us a mournful violin and wink-wink lyrics about childhood games: &#8220;one must eat the other&#8221;&#8212;then reverses the sexual intent with Ritual&#8217;s beautiful farewell 'Classic Girl.'  &#8220;You know for us, these are the days,&#8221; Perry sings, reminding the youth of a fractured dream not to dwell to hard on life&#8217;s heartaches; that time slips away all too quickly.  Grasp the glimmer while you can.
0679746048|4.0|An enjoyable, stream of consciousness read from beginning to end.  The book, although different from the movie, was in many ways more enjoyable.  It was a less glamorous account of this piece of the author's life.
B00004XMSN|3.0|The Bishop's Wife is a fantasy about an angel come to earth to help a husband (the bishop of the title) and his wife (also from the title) find that place where they used to be.  The casting of Cary Grant as the angel is perfect and the movie shines the most when he is on screen doing his magic, particulary the scenes with Loretta Young on the cab ride leading to ice skating.  David Niven is perfectly distant and Monty Woolley does a wonderful bit of magic of his own with his part.  Despite all of these good bits, the movie still does not quite work for me.  The ending always seems a little fuzzy and one is left with the feeling that nothing has possibly been changed by this miraculous event and Loretta Young will still act more from a sense of duty than a pursuit of joy.  It is worth seeing for Cary Grant but the magic seems to grow a little dimmer with every viewing.
B00004Z459|5.0|When I first listened to this CD, there was some sort of twist in their music.  It seemed like there was a mixture of &quot;Intense&quot; Rock and Hip-Hop.  I thought it was very good how they mixed it in so well.  Every single person in the band has some special skill of their own.  Each member of the band brings out their talent in every song.  The first song on this CD is called, &quot;Papercut.&quot;  This song is one of the better songs on the CD.  The next one, &quot;One Step Closer&quot; is also a very good song. This song had more of an &quot;Intense&quot; Rock sound.  Linkin Park has a song for everybody.  To conclude this review, I suggest that you buy this CD!  My personal favorites are, &quot;Papercut&quot;, &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, &quot;In The End&quot; and &quot;Crawling.&quot;  I also suggest that you get the &quot;Japanese Version&quot;  It has 2 extra songs, &quot;My December&quot; and &quot;High Voltage&quot;  Thanks for reading my review.  Enjoy!
0671042858|5.0|Once again Stephen King shows he can write more than tales of gore.  The book starts out when newly divorced mother of two takes her children for a hike.  Before this ever takes place nine year old Trisha gets lost in the woods by herself.  &quot;All becouse I needed to Pee&quot; she comments to herslef.  The novel goes on to discuss her nine day odyssey in the woods.  Throughout her difficulties, and through her terror she finds comfort in listening with her walkman to the Red Sox play and her favorite player Tom Gordon.  When her walkman wears out she just thinks of Tom Gordon and how he always seems to save the day.  It is a great story about faith, inner strength, and determination.  It is a quick read that will keep you turning pages until the end.  In many ways it reminded me of times when things get so out of hand so quickly.  One moment she is safe with her mother and brother, and the next thing she knows she is completly lost in a hostile environment.  It goes to show that disaster can strike at any moment, often when we least expect it.  Faith and determination is sometimes all we have.
6304493681|4.0|i just saw this the other day for the first time even though ive heard so much about it....good effects story line but i was confused thru some parts, one of my friends had to break down some parts of the story but all and all it was ill. you have to pay attention to the story or u will be thoroughly lost if u dont, all and all check it out. peace Mika
B000002J1F|5.0|There is not a single [bad song] on this album. Though 30 years old, it stands the test of time as being an all time great in the history of Progressive/Art Rock. The best (non-compiled) single CD of Yes. Prog would not be where it is today without this album. It catapulted Progressive into the popular consicousness in the crucial Golden Era in the early 70s between acid/heavy metal and new wave/punk. Roundabout and Long Distance Run Around were popular hits and inspired other groups (Like Led Zeppelin/ Stairwave to Heaven) to do a few Progressive songs as well.<br />THERE IS NOT A ...FILLER Work on the whole record.<br />1. Roundabout - A footstomping hit, still performed today by Yes at concerts.<br />2. Cans And Brahms - Rick Wakeman just joined the band and is showing off his extrodinary keyboard skills in an ELP reeminesent rocked up classical piece.<br />3. We Have Heaven - well harmonized synergized work of the entire band as is 4,5 (4. South Side Of The Sky 5. Five Per Cent For Nothing)<br />6. Long Distance Runaround - minor chords and great composition push the agony/anger/regret of breaking up with a lover straight into your soul. Not a Blues piece.<br />7. The Fish (Shindleria Praematurus). Only dissapointment is that only 3 minutes long. One of the very best \\"fugues\\" in Progressive rock, perhaps only topped by Starship Trooper's (The Yes Album) awesome ending.<br />8. Mood For A Day - Solo Classical Guitar interlude; on \\"Symponic Music of Yes\\" Steve Howe plays this to Spainish Guitar.<br />9. Heart Of The Sunrise - I think this is an absolute masterpiece, overlooked work. There are at least 4 themes repeated from beginning to end. Some of the very best Sympho rock of all time. Imagry of people going a hectic to and fro come to mind when Anderson is singing \\"I feel lost in the City\\" and Wakeman's spead up Synthersizer collaborate. Wakeman has a couple Mozart-like Minuets thrown in there on a Grand piano as a counterpoint to Synthesizer. A true group workof the highest caliber.<br />I know \\"Close to the Edge\\" has a cult following among the latest generation of Prog fans; this one album earlier work is very deserving of your attention as well.
B00003CXQY|1.0|ok. when i went into the cinema, i thought that this movie would be a good one. 1) everyone said it was amazing 2) disney movies like toy story always are not that bad but this one really disappointed me.<br />it irratated me. and even my younger brother almost fell asleep. it was not touching, but tried to make ppl feel sorry. and finally, i didn't find it funny but instead, annoying.<br />anyways, i would say that it was not a good movie at all. nothing to expect from.
B0000399WI|5.0|As you scrool through these reviews, you will note one thing they all have in common, a 5-star rating. This movie definitely deserves all 5 of those stars. It tells the story of Andy Dufresne, an innocent man who is wrongly accused of the murder of his wife and another man and is sentenced to life in a maximum security prison. The movie details the friendships that developed in his time here and also some of the enemies that surfaced. Even if you don't enjoy this movie, I can assure one thing, this will be the best ending you have ever seen. The way the movie was set up to lead to this totally unpredictable ending was done masterfully. Witness the hardships of prison life while enjoying a great movie, you will not be disappointed if you rent or buy this film.
B00004YKSD|5.0|Perhaps the most artistic account of a band's history, &quot;The Doors,&quot; a film by Oliver Stone, delivers a rock solid movie experience.  Oliver Stone has a way of capturing historic detail in a way that no other director has done before.  It is obvious that the filmmakers have read about all the incidents and stories of how the band formed, how it succeeded, how it ended, and what happened afterwards.  Detail like the scenes that show how &quot;Light My Fire&quot; was created give you a new insight as to how this group made it.  The tripping scenes add alot to the movie, as the viewer gets to see what it was like to be Jim Morrison, or anybody in that era of drugs and sex.  Being relatively young compared to the people in this movie, I feel that I've learned alot by watching this movie, and anybody who thinks that the sixties were a time of love and peace and relaxing should see this movie and then think about that some more.
B00005M4JS|1.0|For those of you who have never read the book, of which my husband is one, this is a trite and meaningless movie that makes little sense.  For those of you who did read it, as I did, this movie bears little resemblance to the wonderful book.  I don't think I have ever been as disappointed with a screen adaptation of a book! Things were changed that didn't need to be (have you ever heard of Irish gypsies in France - or couldn't Johhny Depp do a Franch accent? - which is just one instance) and the major premise of the book was lost by changing the main protagonist from the priest to the mayor. Even the delightful Vianne lost her charm and mystique since her whole background was changed.  I could hardly bear to watch the ending. There was no mystery or spiritually involved in this, and although I had heard the movie wasn't good, I had no idea it was as bad as this.  Thank goodness we rented it rather than purchasing it.  I can award it one star for being a pretty movie, but apart from that it was a complete waste of time and HARDLY worthy of any Academy Award nominations. Is this what our movies are coming to or doesn't anyone give the moviegoing audience credit for being able to handle something with a little more depth, albeit this wasn't supposed to be too heavy.  To anyone even marginally interested, read the book instead.
B000001EC1|5.0|The CD says 14 classic grooves, and I think that covers it. This CD has some of the BJ fans' fave songs, as well as some new and interesting material (at the time it was released-not so new now...). I personally love &quot;Prayer '94&quot; and the previously unreleased &quot;Always.&quot; &quot;Always&quot; is a heart-wrenching song with personal significance to me. I love Bon Jovi and if you do too I encourage you to buy it.
B000002L9W|5.0|Eat em' &amp; Smile is proof that for one album at least, Diamond Dave did not need Eddie &amp; co. to make wicked rock &amp; roll. He hired guitarist Stevie Vai, who in many ways is superior to Eddie, who because of a massive EGO problem, fired Dave, replaced him with Sammy Hagar, and found that the &quot;Red Rocker&quot; also had LSD disease. So then VH teased the world with the notion that just maybe there was gonna be a reunion tour, until the fiasco at the MTV awards. So Eddie hired Gary &quot;Who?&quot; Cherone instead, and that lasted one album, for the simple reason that the mighty Van Halen was playing to half filled arenas. Now Diamond Dave without Eddie is still a great frontman, and entertainer, and EE&amp;S proves this without a doubt, from the likeable radio hits, Goin Crazy, and Yankee Rose, to the haunting &quot;Ladies Night in Buffalo&quot; and the bluesy &quot;Lookin' for Trouble.&quot; This album was a hit, but DD has never duplicated his success. The Mighty Van Halen can rule again, but Big Ed is gonna have to leave his Big Ego at the door, and realize that the die-hard Roth fans will always see it as the David Lee Roth Show, featuring guitarist Eddie VH.
B000056K04|5.0|Everyday is like an old friend coming home with great new stories. Every song on this CD brings you to new places. At first listen the CD sounds good, each time after it weaves it's way into your heart through your ears. Between Dave's voice, Stefan's exciting bass, Leroi's smooth sax, Boyd's wild strings, and Carter's perfect timing you are entertained, uplifted and taken on a journey that only these five men can lead you. If I could I would give it 100 stars but ... only allows 5.
B00003CXDD|5.0|Star Wars is probably the best fantasy flick ever but that's also Sci Fi.  In my opinion the Fantasy genre has been underrepresented on the big screen.  Most are 'B' movies with no budget and nobody actors.  Willow is absolutely incredible.  The acting was top notch and so was the musical score.  The story; everything was great!  I recommend the trilogy written by Chris Claremont.  The Shadow War Trilogy picks up about a year after Willow ended.  This movie is just incredible and I CAN'T WAIT until it comes out on DVD.  I would love to see more Willow movies.  Depending on how the Lord of the Rings turns out in my opinion it's just the greatest fantasy movie on the big screen of all time!
076781214X|4.0|I cannot watch this movie without crying, endlessly.  It really makes you realize that you should live for the moment. It makes you extremely nostalgic to the point of tears... tears... and more tears... almost depressing after a while... If you want a good cry, rent this....
B00005LB50|5.0|All in all, this is a truly worthy compilation along the lines of the Byrds' 4-CD box set from 1990.<br />Like everyone else, I, too, find it a bit redundant that CD #4 has &quot;Buffalo Springfield&quot; and &quot;Buffalo Springfield Again&quot; as those albums are readily available separately.<br />In addition, I'm a little disappointed that the &quot;real&quot;, original version of &quot;Bluebird,&quot; which appears on the CSNY/Buffalo Springfield/Poco &quot;Roots&quot; bootleg, and Neil's lead vocal version of &quot;Down to the Wire&quot; are not included.  No REAL collection of their work is complete without these two essentials.<br />Furthermore, it contains no concert material.  The &quot;Stampede&quot; bootleg contains several songs from their January 1968 Whittier High School concert (&quot;Pay the Price,&quot; &quot;Nobody's Fool,&quot; &quot;Nowadays Clancy Can't Even Sing,&quot; &quot;Rock &amp; Roll Woman&quot;).  Surely they could have resurrected some concert material -- poor sound quality isn't necessarily a bad thing; this is an instance where the adage &quot;if there's no alternative, there's no problem&quot; should apply.<br />Nonetheless, the first three CD's give one a great glimpse into the creativity and originality of Stephen Stills, Richie Furay and Neil Young during their formative years and how it influenced CSN, CSNY, Manassas, Neil Young &amp; Crazy Horse, Poco, Souther-Hillman-Furay Band, et al.<br />Furay's acoustic demo of Nobody's Fool is heads above the versions that appear on Poco's &quot;Pickin' Up the Pieces&quot; and &quot;Poco&quot; albums.  Furay's rendition of &quot;Can't Keep Me Down&quot; is every bit as good as the retitled &quot;Can You Feel It, Too,&quot; which appears on Poco's &quot;From the Inside&quot; album.<br />Young's solo acoustical renditions of &quot;Old Laughing Lady&quot; and &quot;Round and Round and Round&quot; are just as great as the versions that appear on &quot;Neil Young&quot; and &quot;Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere&quot; respectively.<br />&quot;My Angel&quot; shows Stills as the great &quot;Bluesman&quot; he is -- &quot;Bluesman,&quot; incidentally, is the title of one of the best tracks on Stills' &quot;Manassas&quot; album.  Stills later recut a different &quot;My Angel&quot; on his 1975 &quot;Stills&quot; album.  Another Stills gem is his lead vocal and guitar picking on the Springfield's version of &quot;What A Day.&quot;  It's far-and-away better than the Poco version that appears on &quot;Pickin' Up the Pieces.&quot;<br />The previously unreleased mix of &quot;On the Way Home&quot; is clearly one of the best cuts on the entire boxed set.  You hear one of the best examples of Stills' country picking and some great Bruce Palmer bass riffs that are obscured when you hear this song on the &quot;Last Time Around&quot; album.<br />I can't understand why neither version of &quot;Down, Down, Down&quot; was ever released until now.  It's neat to see how one part of this song ended up as part of &quot;Broken Arrow&quot; on &quot;Buffalo Springfield Again&quot; and another became part of the &quot;Country Girl&quot; medley on &quot;Deja Vu.&quot;<br />What can I say, the acoustic demos are grand.  It's also good to get clean mixes of songs that were previously only available in bootleg form, such as the &quot;Stampede&quot; collection, as well as alternate takes of previously-released tunes.<br />As an avid fan of Stephen Stills and Neil Young, I can say this boxed set is well worth buying.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I am a mother of 3 teenagers and I resisted watching this movie because I, too, thought it was about nothing but senseless violence. As usual, when I pre-judge, I was wrong. This movie IS violent, but the violence is necessary to prove a wonderful spiritual truth: when you are pushed to violence to make yourself feel something..anything in this life, then you need to 'face the abyss' and the horror of life and make something constructive out of the destruction. As Tyler Durdan says (paraphrase), 'It's only after you have nothing more to lose that you can begin truly living.' The problem with Fight Club is that is was VERY poorly marketed as a guy flick with nothing but loose testosterone to recommend it. Well I'll take Norton's and Pitt's loose testosterone any day, but the movie is much more than that. Watch it once, twice, or even four times until it sinks in and THEN AND ONLY THEN, diss it or recommend it.
B00000064E|5.0|As I was reading some reviews from Tindersticks' &quot;Curtains&quot;, the name of Nick Drake appeared before my eyes for the first time. And, for the first time ever, I listened Nick's voice in the now-classic song &quot;Pink Moon&quot; and I fell desperately in love for his music. In reviewing &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot;, which I consider to be the best album ever, I just wanted to express my gratitude to Nick Drake for making some of my days more beautiful.
6304007523|5.0|Rocky is a truly memorable movie.  It starts out with a small time boxer/loan shark hood from Philly with a dead-end career wanting to go out with his friend Paulie's sister Adrian.  The two really hit it off and become close.  Meanwhile, reigning heavyweight champion Apollo Creed is looking for an opponent to fight at the bicentennial since his scheduled challenger was unable to fight.  On a whim he picks a bum fighter from Philladelphia, where the fight is being held because of the 1776 stuff.  That bum is Rocky.  With help from his trainer Mickey and the motivation from Adrian, Rocky proves to be a formidable foe to the champ.  He just barely loses to Creed in an amazinginly realitic fight scene with blood, nasty bruises, and eye closing swells.  Everything sounds real, right down to the punches.  Stallone does a superb job of acting like the dimwitted boxer, especially in the scenes where he is getting beaten up brutally.  Carl Weathers does a good job playing the boastful champ.  Shire really gets into the character and acts like the shy girl waiting to bloom that her character is.  Burgess Meredith can really let his emotions loose as Mickey.  Bill Conti's musical score mixes horns, strings, drums, and contemporary to create a diverse but memorable piece   All in all, this movie has an excellent cast, excellent fight scenes, and a great soundtrack.  A must have for anybody who likes movies.
0425180638|1.0|I used to just love these books.  But this one had no plot and it was very boring.  I was unable to finish it and usually I can't put her books down.
0393317552|5.0|Jared Diamond has shown that history can be studied by scientific principles after all. He goes beyond all cultural cliches, norms and prejudices and draws the big picture relying on numerous branches of science and evidence alone.  It really is a big picture, story of our civilizations, expertly and efficiently stuffed into less than 500 pages.<br />It is just fascinating.  The conquest and inhabitation of huge spans of our globe by people who had such &quot;primitive&quot; technology, especially the story of Madagascar was just incredible.  <br />Note that, he was directly involved with only some of the related research, he has mostly gathered and analyzed the works of many who had already done excellent research in the area.  His writing is very readable, enjoyable and also friendly.  His logic and reasoning are solid.  It is just amusing, scanning through some of the commentary below, how many people got it so wrong.  <br />It is quite ironic that he has employed the very &quot;Western&quot; science and technology to reach to the inevitable conclusions that have come under attack by the staunch &quot;guardians&quot; of the Western &quot;castle&quot;.  It is hardly about East vs West as some seem to have perceived it.<br />My 13 year-old son just inhaled the whole book and declared it the best thing he ever read and we had long discussions on it for quite sometime.  What else can I add to this?
6303855474|4.0|First know that I grew up in the UK and Judge Dredd is my favorite comic series and has been for some time.  The movie:  Stallone seemed like a decent cast, after all Dredd was somewhat based on him originally apparently.  Now, Stallone's acting ability has never troubled me much... if the movie is good than its not too distracting for me.  Some people detest him but I'm not one of them.  The story itself is based on a lot of bits and pieces from actual Judge Dredd strips and it stays fairly true to the past.  The special effects are pretty good and the costumes and sets are mostly great.  For me this movie was an absolute trip because of my background in Dredd... seeing a last walk, the block wars, the abc robot... awesome!  I eventually bought the DVD too.  Dredd fans will either love it (Because its Judge Dredd!) or hate it (Because its not Judge Dredd enough...) so rent it first.  Like I said, I love it.  True, it doesn't capture the entire feel of Judge Dredd, it leaves some things out and adds some things in but what did you expect? and yeah... he takes off his helmet... but overall I feel like Hollywood could have done much worse.
B00005LKHW|1.0|I'm sorry, but I loathed this movie.  I thought it was vulgar and even more damning, not the least bit funny.  It sort of scares me that we're raising a generation of kids who mistake humor for the gross-out one-note &quot;jokes&quot; of AMERICAN PIE and SCARY MOVIE.  This one made me want to wash my hands and go watch an old Cary Grant/Katherine Hepburn movie.  Or at least something genuinely funny like ANIMAL HOUSE!
B000001GAO|4.0|Mozart's requiem mass is one of the most sad, yearning, powerful pieces of music ever written. In this particular performance, Bernstein conducts in typical fashion, bringing power and emotion to this incredible Mozart masterpiece. If you want a great performance that draws out all the intense feelings of anxiety, depression, and fear from this piece, then this recording is for you. It is definitely one of my favorites. Unfortunately two flaws, which are important in my opinion, prevent me from giving this recording 5-stars. First off, the voices are too loud, so loud that at some points the orchestra is almost obscured. Sure, the voices are the central focus of the piece, but the orchestral score is essential for setting the mood, and a few times the chorus is just too overpowering. Second, the tempos are a bit sluggish, probably not as Mozart would have wanted. I am one who personally prefers quicker tempos for music of the classical period, because it gives it a more authentic flair. This is otherwise a great recording, but for other great ones also try one of Karajan's and the new one from teldec and the Boston Baroque.
014028009X|2.0|Bridget Jones's Diary, by Helen Fielding, Lost in Self-Observation<br />Well, it's funny at times.<br />Bridget is a self observing single thirty something. If she wouldn't be self observing, we would have no diary of course, but this degree of self observation is sick. I think it comes from a lack of interests. Indeed Bridget shows no sign at all of an interest in anything but her own situation. It looks to me that that is exactly the reason for her situation.<br />Once I found out that the diary starts every day with the  amount of cigarettes and units of fat consumed,  so after thow diary days, I found myself skipping  this daily introduction for the rest of the book.<br />What is definitely unrealistic is that Bridget messes up almost everything she does (work, cooking, dating, stop smoking, lose weight) but is able to write a detailed diary for a year. Everything is recorded minutely, but nothing about writing the diary itself.<br />The book seems to be a Pride an Prejudice parody.<br />The fact that there is a not very positive reference  to Hugh Grant's affair with a prostitute as daily news  in the book is doubly funny. He played in Pride an Prejudice and in the Bridget Jones movie.<br />But I'll go and see the movie (parody of parody?) to find out how they cast such a thing and compare it to my own imagination when reading the book.<br />Gets a 2 for okay.<br />Peter Sels
B00003CXSM|2.0|the only reason i gave this movie 2 stars instead of 1 is because there were some cute moments. the plot was VERY predictible (but knew that going into the movie) but jennifer lopez did an ok job. with better writing it could've been a better comedy. there was some &quot;cute&quot; jokes and certain situations that would make you chuckle (statue scene) but &quot;the wedding planner&quot; mostly dragged on and on. even matthew mcconaughey's hunky presence could'nt save this boring, so-so, romantic comedy.
014028009X|2.0|Bridget Jones's Diary, by Helen Fielding, Lost in Self-Observation<br />Well, it's funny at times.<br />Bridget is a self observing single thirty something. If she wouldn't be self observing, we would have no diary of course, but this degree of self observation is sick. I think it comes from a lack of interests. Indeed Bridget shows no sign at all of an interest in anything but her own situation. It looks to me that that is exactly the reason for her situation.<br />Once I found out that the diary starts every day with the  amount of cigarettes and units of fat consumed,  so after thow diary days, I found myself skipping  this daily introduction for the rest of the book.<br />What is definitely unrealistic is that Bridget messes up almost everything she does (work, cooking, dating, stop smoking, lose weight) but is able to write a detailed diary for a year. Everything is recorded minutely, but nothing about writing the diary itself.<br />The book seems to be a Pride an Prejudice parody.<br />The fact that there is a not very positive reference  to Hugh Grant's affair with a prostitute as daily news  in the book is doubly funny. He played in Pride an Prejudice and in the Bridget Jones movie.<br />But I'll go and see the movie (parody of parody?) to find out how they cast such a thing and compare it to my own imagination when reading the book.<br />Gets a 2 for okay.<br />Peter Sels
0553579908|5.0|Excellent. Even better than the first, if you can believe it. Martin makes you feel like the different characters are all living inside of you, fighting to dominate, each one taking you for a furious spin into their world from which you come up for air in short gasps of real life, only to dive back in again with the next character... <br />There are only two reasons I can think of for people who would not want to read this. <br />First, if you are too lazy or slow to follow the intricate plots and characters. I had to reread a few parts to actually understand all that was going on... and it only gets more complex as it progresses...<br />Second reason not to read this book: if you have sexual hangups...<br /> Yes, some parts are disgusting. but you know what?? ITS SUPPOSED TO BE THAT WAY...Stuff like that is just generally a part of the world, and it is treated as such. If you cant take it, thats too bad.<br />So anyway, if you dont fall into one of these two categories, pick these books up, youll be glad you did!
B00003CX8V|5.0|This must be my favorite movie of all time.  I've watched it 20+ times and bought the DVD so that I could watch it some more in widescreen and is much better video quality than VHS.  Even though it is Black and White I still love watching it! It's a good guy gets the girl romantic comedy/drama.  One of Jack Lemmon's best, along with Shirley Maclaine and Fred Macmurry doing one of his few 'bad guy' roles.
0060976624|5.0|Ever have a job where it feels like everyone is out to get you? Even your friends? Welcome to the world of Nick Naylor - spokesman for the Tobacco Institute. His job: promote one of the deadliest products on the planet and maintain his conscience while doing so. Ironically, you find yourself hoping that good old Nick Naylor survives his trials and tribulations in the book even though he knows he backs a product that is deadly. Some of the wit of Naylor's character comes out in that all-too human pathos of &quot;just paying the mortgage.&quot; The reason I think we cannot really hate Nick in this book is because all of us, at some point in our careers, have to become like him - at least a little bit.<br />This book is a very good satire, filled with many humorous moments. The dialogue is witty and keeps you involved. The story takes a very interesting (and dark) twist a little more than midway through and the ending is just perfect! It is rare to find a book that coheses so well at the beginning, middle, and end but this one did it. The characterization is just phenomenal in the book. You hate the characters you are supposed to hate and you like the characters you are supposed to like - even when the characters you are supposed to like, you really should hate! The book is populated mainly with anti-heroes and the main protagonist is certainly that (although certainly not in the style of Vonnegut or Faulkner). The book also presents a nifty way of trying to kill someone that, unfortunately, other reviewers have already revealed and they should not have. Luckily this is not a critical part of the book (insofar as knowing the method) but it does lead to some interesting consequences for the protagonist.<br />This is a book that makes fun of the bureaucracy that surrounds many institutions, particularly those in Washington D.C., but also pokes a little fun at society in general for some of the dichotomous notions it holds regarding those things that are &quot;not good for us,&quot; with the focus being on tobacco, guns, and alcohol. The title itself serves as a delicious double entendre that you have to read through the whole book to see.<br />The book will probably not offend smokers because it does not necessarily treat them as idiots for routinely using the old coffin nails or cancer sticks. And non-smokers (like myself) will certainly enjoy the book as they realize they have not fallen prey to the addictive &quot;joy&quot; of smoking. Highly recommened for any and all.
B00003CXV4|3.0|We already saw the subject in countless other versions, starting with Love Story and continuing more recently with Autumn in New York. Finding the perfect significant other, but she/he has a terminal disease. This particular movie doesn't bring anything really new to the theme, compared to the previous ones, except for the incredibly charming two main characters, both beautiful and good actors.
B000001GPX|5.0|Carlos Kleiber has recorded a handful of albums and this one is the tops. In the Beethoven discography there is nothing comparable to this. It is so electric, so energizing and beautifully phrased, clear and clean it is in a class all by itself. If superlatives to be used for any piece of recorded music this album makes the top of the list. If you like Beethoven this is the last recording of the 5th and the 7th Symphonies you will ever own.
B000002JS8|5.0|HIGHWAY TO HELL was legendary hard rock band AC/DC's breakthrough album.  Released in the summer of 1979, the record kept climbing higher and higher on the Billboard charts, finally peaking at #17 and quickly going gold by the end of the year.  But every high is undercut by a staggering low.  Bon Scott, the original lead singer of AC/DC up to this point, died just months later by axphisyation from drinking too much alcohol.  He became another cliched rock &amp; roll tragedy, but we can revisit Bon's power and passion on this masterwork of sleazy blues/metal.<br />Although I love BACK IN BLACK (the praised follow-up featuring Brian Johnson on vocal duties), I believe now that HIGHWAY TO HELL is a far superior effort.  Bon Scott's vocal range and abilities are superb on this album, but he's quite possibly the most clever lyricist this side of Steven Tyler.  Plus, he has a greater sense of melody and direction than Brian Johnson does.  This album is chock full of so much energy...it's insane!<br />The record starts off with the classic title track, which still gets radio airplay 22 years later.  &quot;Walk All Over You&quot; and &quot;Beating Around the Bush&quot; are two great examples of AC/DC's style: simple blues-based heavy metal played with the speed and energy of punk rock.  Angus Young shines on both tracks, as his lightning-fast riffs tear through your speakers like a buzzsaw.  Bon's lyrical talent and range are showcased perfectly on &quot;Touch Too Much.&quot;  My personal favorite off this album is the last track, &quot;Night Prowler.&quot;  This is the darkest and most atmospheric song AC/DC have ever done.  Angus Young's bluesy guitar solo is absolutely amazing, probably his best, as it expertly accompanies Bon's menacing delivery and Malcolm Young's steady and quiet backup rhythm.<br />This album is just great--simply put.  It's louder, faster, and heavier than BACK IN BLACK.  The solid grooves of drummer Phil Rudd and bassist Cliff Williams are nitch-perfect, the songs stick in your head like glue, and Augus and Malcolm Young make a great guitar duo.  I love HIGHWAY TO HELL.  Bon Scott, may you rest in peace, sir.  You were the man.
B0000021RG|4.0|Overall, I was very impressed with this album.  Although many dismiss it as being a poor quality recording, it surpassed my expectations.  Being a hardcore fan of the Beatles too, I'm accustomed to poorly recorded live material (take a listen to &quot;Last Night In Hamburg&quot; if you want to hear bad recordings!).  This album showcases some of the early gems, and almost all of them are long versions (where else can you hear a 15-minute version of &quot;South California Purples&quot; or a 13-minute &quot;Sing A Mean Tune Kid&quot;?).  It's not an album of hits or of highly commercial material.  That they performed many of their rarities and obscure album tracks live is one of the traits I like most about Chicago. <br />Terry Kath's guitar playing is fabulous--especially on &quot;South California Purples,&quot; &quot;Sing A Mean Tune Kid&quot; and &quot;It Better End Soon--3rd Movement (Guitar Solo).&quot;  Bobby Lamm does a marvelous piano solo on the free form intro of &quot;Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is?&quot; that you won't hear anywhere else.  In fact, the &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; albums don't even include the piano solo at all!  The horn section shines well as the band's trademark.  And the underrated Danny Seraphine has his share of intricate drum solos throughout the performances.  The triple vocal onslaught of Terry Kath, Pete Cetera and Bobby Lamm further exemplify the improvisational flavor of this album.<br />The horns are especially tight on &quot;Introduction,&quot; &quot;Free,&quot; &quot;Questions 67 &amp; 68,&quot; and the Ballet sounds excellent--almost as good as on &quot;Chicago II.&quot;  The audience, and the listener, will appreciate the awesome versions of &quot;Colour My World&quot; and &quot;I'm A Man&quot; this recording sports.<br />Unfortunately, every rose has its thorn, and this album has a few lousy renditions (among them &quot;Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is?,&quot; &quot;Beginnings,&quot; and I wasn't too impressed with &quot;25 Or 6 To 4.&quot;  With most of the songs, you can slow them down and they still sound alright.  But not that one.)  With some of the songs, Jimmy Pankow's trombone sounds--well, insubstantial.  (I think someone else likened it to a kazoo--I wouldn't go that far, but I can see your point.)  In many of the tracks, Walt Parazaider's sax can barely be heard, as it is placed in the center channel and gets lost between the trombone and trumpet.  Some of the vocals and solos are off, but then again, this is a live album, and that was 1971.<br />The bottom line: if you are a Chicago fan and appreciate live music, buy this album.  You won't be disappointed.  If you are just interested in the hits, stay away from it.  Invest in &quot;The Heart Of Chicago&quot; volumes 1 &amp; 2 instead, and you'll have a comprehensive collection of hits that spans the band's entire career.  If you like the &quot;studio&quot; years (post-1981 stuff) you won't be much interested in this album either.  Chicago is a great talent, especially in this era, and no matter how good this band could be live, they could never live up to their own studio recordings.  So be forgiving; they make a few mistakes during their performances, but it doesn't take away from this recording's charm and power.
B000001FY5|5.0|Exodus is Bob's greatest album. It was after this point where he became the Legend that we know him to be. It was almost unfair for Bob to start off with Natural Mystic on the album; the song is almost too good. The first few almost silent chords are the first indication of what await us. What I like about the album the most is the different mix of beats and rhythms. They range from the smooth easy listening of Turn Your Lights Down Low to the hard one drop roots rhythm of Exodus. Exodus really introduced Bob Marley and the Wailers to the world because it had messages that people from all parts of the earth could relate to. It was post 1977 that the Wailers embarked on their legendary world tours in 1978, 1979, and 1980. They went to places as far Tokyo, New Zealand, and filled  stadiums with 100,000 people in Milan, Italy and Berlin, Germany. The album set new standards for reggae by being one of the first reggae albums to become more mainstream and less focused on the trials and tribulations awaiting the Rastaman In Babylon. My favorite song on this album is...too hard a choice.
0060392886|5.0|When I reluctantly purchased \\"The Dirt: Confessions of the World's Most Notorious Band\\", I assumed it would be a guilty pleasure, akin to Cyrinda Foxe-Tyler's \\"Dream On\\" or similar celebrity tell-alls. How wrong I was!<br />From the first pages, \\"The Dirt\\" hooked me. For the three days I spent reading it, I had trouble making myself put it down. The early part of the book, dealing with the days of the Motley House & hanging out on the Strip were times I witnessed & I can verify that the Crue members don't sugar coat a thing! <br />Altho the personalities of the band members don't seem much different than the guys I knew nearly 20 years ago, there are depths to each that were entirely unsuspected by me. Section on the death of Vince's daughter Skylar brought me to tears. Tommy turns out to have spiritual aspirations, & Nikki discusses family issues & insecurities that have plagued him thruout his life. The major revelation tho, belongs to Mick Mars. The secret he reveals made me do a complete 180 in my opinion of him.<br />The strength of \\"The Dirt\\" is the compelling honesty in it's confessions. Each band member lets it all hang out, warts & all. We also get overviews from managers, producers & the guy who was responsible for getting the Crue onto a major label, Tom Zutaut. It makes for riveting reading of a transitional period in rock.
B000002UAC|5.0|&quot;With the Beatles&quot; is classic. While it may not have as many recognizable hits as did their previous debut, &quot;Please Please Me,&quot; this album is loaded with enjoyable late 50's/early 60's-type of dance and love tracks. &quot;All My Loving&quot; represents the Beatles' sweet and pleasing nature before their transformation into peace frogs during the late 60's, with words that sound as if they were written by a love-sick teenager. But most of the other tracks are pure rock n' roll fun. &quot;It Won't Be Long&quot; kicks the record off with a bang. An awesome cover of Chuck Berry's &quot;Roll Over Beethoven&quot; shows that the Beatles can perform covers as well as their home-spun anthems. Other notable swingers include &quot;I Wanna Be Your Man,&quot; &quot;Hold Me Tight,&quot; and &quot;Money.&quot; While &quot;With the Beatles&quot; did not produce a single #1 tune such as &quot;Help&quot; or &quot;Please Please Me,&quot; it still should go down in history as a classic photograph of the Beatles during the early portion of their career because it showcases their unparallelled ability to produce the finest of pop songs.
6305609705|5.0|This movie was derived from a book titled Heart of Darkness. I read that book, and while intriguing, it can never have the same impact like this mesmorizing film. The book could never have all the colors and sights of the movie. Specific examples are when they uses flares and other weapons and when they go to certain places on their journey. The bridge towards the end is a perfect example. I havn't even mentioned te music yet. The great thing about this is that it was filmed before all that computer generated garbage. It is all real so it looks better, you might not know why if you didn't know that, but it just seems more real and it looks fantastic. The music enhances the mood to such a degree that you are terrified of what you are witnessing. What other movie can you say that about? Everything is perfect from the characters to the casting to the... well everything. A lot of people were unsatisfied with the ending. Don't listen to them. The ending is very suitable and downright brilliant. If you don't understand it the first time, go back and watch it again. There is something to be said there. The thing I found most amazing about the DVD is the color and video. I have never seen such a huge improvement of a movie just by cleaning it up and making it sharper. Do yourself a favor and purchase the DVD not the VHS. The sound is well done as well. The academy must have not understood this movie or something. It should have been best picture of 1979. Kramer vs. Kramer was a very good movie, but Apocalypse Now is one of the best all time. It was robbed.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|This movie has some original ideas, but unfortunately the finished product comes off very badly.  This show tries to be a spectacle at every - and I mean EVERY - turn, at the expense of the film.  Way too many special effects - you'll be hard pressed to find a single scene which doesn't use some sort of overly-lavish camera, computer or audio effect.<br />Moulin Rouge runs at breakneck speed, constantly hitting you with some sort of extreme stimulus until it magically slows down for some random, cliche, saccharine-drenched love scene (horribly over-produced as well).<br />I agree that this movie would have worked much better as a stage musical.  But as a movie, it just tries too hard - WAY too hard.
6304712936|5.0|Not to say that Killing Fields or A Passage to India weren't great films but it was no contest what was best picture of 1984. Amadeus is one of the best and most original films I have seen. The music is exceptional and all the casting is perfect. The DVD is well done.
B00005K3OT|5.0|This movie looked rather dull to me when I first saw the add on tv for it, but after I saw it in theaters, I realized how very wronge I was about it. the message in it for not caring what others think as well as others were wonderful to see. This movie made me LOVE chocolate! Juliette Binoche was adorable in this movie. The music is delightful. I was inclined to want to buy the soundtrack, which I later did and just loved! I would recomend this movie to anyone. It is 5 star to me!
6303073107|5.0|Akira Kurasawa has done yet another great movie.  Rashomon takes place in feaudal Japan in a old abandoned temple where 3 men gather reminiscing  over the 4 stories told by a wood cutter, a theif, a wife, and a priest.  This story is compelling and is one of the greatest films to come out of Japan.    Akira Kurasawa has also directed Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, and Sanjuro all staring Toshiro Mifune they are my top favorite Kurasawa films and  recoment tem all along with Rashomon.<br />To be blunt this film is AMAZING
B00004Y6NP|5.0|MARK KNOPFLER IS A FANTASTIC GUITARIST. THE WAY HE FILLS BETWEEN THE LINES IS SUPERB. THIS IS WHAT SETS HIM APART FROM MOST SINGER/SONGWRITERS. THIS &amp; &quot;MAKING MOVIES&quot; ARE HIS BEST WORK. THE SONGS THAT WERE NOT OVER-PLAYED ON THE RADIO, SUCH AS &quot;YOUR LATEST TRICK&quot; &amp; &quot;RIDE ACROSS THE RIVER&quot; ARE SOME OF HIS BEST. ONE OF THE FEW BANDS THAT DESERVE THEIR HIGH RANKING ON THE CHARTS.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I went to this movie not expecting much and came out amazed. i imediately bought the wonderful soundtrack and listened to it nonstop!  Both my sister and my father heard me listening to it and came with me my second time to see it.  My sister loved it as i knew she would.  My dad, who is not into love stories told me it was the best movie he has ever seen.  My mother than came to see it with me who also thought it was wonderful!  this is the best movie ever!
0316286443|5.0|This book is absolutely brilliant, easy to understand, and definatelty not for angry, bitter people who would'nt know beauty if it hit them in the face. Kevyn is our hero because he knows beauty exist in all colors (that probably irks alot of people) sizes,ages(the book has women from 7 to 77) and even a couple of sexy hunky guys! Full of Make_up tips and tricks, this book is for everyone!
B00005BCNC|5.0|This is a must-see movie! The performances are superb, and the movie is funny, espically the part where Hanks makes friends with a volleyball. The problem with the movie was the ending, I thought it was kind of padded, but besides that, I still give Cast Away 5 stars!
630018403X|5.0|The Breakfast Club has to be one of the best movies of the 80s and of all time. I think the thing about this movie that everyone likes is that they can identify with one of the characters or more! (That would be the athlete, the princess, the basket case, the brain, and the criminal.) I think the best performance has to be Judd Nelson as Bender, the criminal, but the other actors give great performances as well. (I liked Emilio Estevez as Andrew's breakdown when he confesses what he did to get into detention.) The movie is about five different people who have to spend a Saturday in detention for different reasons. At first they are hostile towards each other, but soon they open up and share their feelings about their parents, friends, and each other. This movie isn't the laugh out loud funny (i.e. &quot;Tommy Boy&quot;, &quot;Billy Madison&quot;), but it's still very funny. It does have a lot of swearing, for that is the only reason it's rated R. If you're not a fan of the swearing, the TV version does cut down a lot on that. I still think the original movie version is the best though. The director is John Hughes, the mastermind behind movies like &quot;Ferris Bueller's Day Off&quot; and &quot;Weird Science&quot;. I hope you read this review and decide to see the movie, you will definetly not be disappointed!
B000009QPE|5.0|...this is what I would need to survive:<br />1. &quot;Reign In Blood&quot;<br />2. 1000 watts of eardrum-bursting high end audio <br />3. a keg of Heineken (okay, make that two kegs)<br />4. Jenna Jameson dressed in a cheerleader's uniform<br />...and that's all I'm saying, because words don't do this immortal album justice. Absolutely positively the greatest heavy metal album ever made or probably ever WILL be made. If you don't already have it, hit the &quot;Add To Cart&quot; button NOW and get with the program, dude!
B00003CXSM|5.0|All to often I hear discusions about Jennifer Lopez's sexey style of dressing, her provocative dancing, and her singing - which I like.   It did not take me, or my friends long to fall in love with her character.      We never knew what was going to happen next.  I chuckled, I hurt from laughing,  felt the hurt people cause each other.  It was a real feel good movie.   It was a great discovery for me,  and I intend to get additional mowies with Jennifer in them.
0671024256|5.0|This was the first book by Stephen King that I have ever read. I really had no interest in horror fiction, and because he's so popular, I kind of thought his writing must be simplistic and merely shocking. Since reading this book I have become a Stephen King freak! First of all, the man can write. The first third of the book is an autobiography, and it is inspirational, entertaining, funny and conversational--everything one would want an autobiography to be! Also, although his writing is terrific, it doesn't reek of that &quot;Here I am writing&quot; tone that a lot of writers get hung up on. <br />As an instructional manual on writing, this is also not only entertaining, but also very helpful. I have always fancied myself a writer, yet I could never get around to finishing anything. I would have a decent idea for a story, and then I couldn't even imagine where the story might be going or where it was going to finish, so I would give up. But Stephen King makes it sound so easy! He suggests you simply put characters in situations, and ask questions, like What if? I know many people also harbor secret writing ambitions, and I would recommend this book over any other--it is the best book on writing I have ever read.  I have actually finished several stories now, and I have Stephen King to thank! Stephen King is my muse!
B00004STW3|4.0|&quot;Mars Attacks!&quot; a film by director Tim Burton, was like a 1996 who's who of the movie industry.  Stars were not attracted by a script that showed high art or the greatest feat of the screen writers guild, but rather the chance to work on a fun movie with an amazing director.<br />&quot;Mars Attacks!&quot; is viually appealing, special effects were state of the art for the time of the movie, and the concept built around a &quot;Topps&quot; trading card set was a wonderful parody of 1950's sci-fi/ horror movies.<br />The all star cast: Jack Nicholson, Annete Bennning, Michial J. Fox, Glenn Closse, Natalie Portman and Tom Jones (to name a few), were all in rare and wonderfully funny form.<br />Unlike the majority of director Tim Burton's work, this film is by no means &quot;dark,&quot; but both funny and satirical at the same time.  The movie is well made, fast paced, funny and a feast for the eyes.<br />This is by no means high art (or even middle art for that matter), but worth a watch.  A definite must for any Burton fan, or fan of those cheesy old sci-fi movies that it is poking fun at.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Misunderstood by many critics and despised by a good portion of the viewing public upon it's initial release, David Fincher's film of Chuck Palahniuk's novel &quot;Fight Club,&quot; remains of one of the best films of the 90's and one of the hippest, most subersive movies in recent memory.<br />Brilliantly acted and directed (Edward Norton, Brad Pitt and Helena Bonham-Carter are masterful), &quot;Fight Club&quot; could be the ulmtimate male-fantasy movie.<br />What man with any intelligence and creativity doesn't have an alter ego somewhere who's better looking, more intelligent and tougher than he? And, most importantly, irresistable to women...<br />&quot;Fight Club&quot; take this concept to an extreme level and emerges as one of the funniest black comedies in decades.<br />What remains amazing to me is the idea that someone (in this case,David Fincher) read the novel and actually said to themselves &quot;hey this would make a great movie&quot;<br />This 2 disc DVD edition does &quot;Fight Club&quot; justice, containing commentaries by Pitt, Norton, Carter and Fincher, extended and deleted scenes, storyboards and a host of publicity material.<br />&quot;Fight Club,&quot; by any reasonable standards is a great film and hats off to Fox Home Video for giving its fans a DVD that's worthy of the material.
B00003CWNR|5.0|I still remember seeing the movie poster for &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; at my local movie theatre and thinking, 'Geez, that sounds and looks completely boring'! I passed it up at the movies... judging the book by its cover. Today, I saw it at the video store for rent on DVD and something made me pick it up. Now, after seeing the movie, I WANT TO OWN IT SO BAD. God, that was a good movie. That is saying A LOT because I'm not usually keen on these kinds of movies. The characters were just SO ENGAGING, I couldn't stop watching the screen. Take it from me, forget renting, BUY THIS MOVIE NOW. The DVD has great commentary and very meaningful Deleted Scenes. I recommend this one to all.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|If you are :<br /> (a)New to the Beatles - Buy this.What better introduction to a group than  27 of their most popular songs ? Granted, they arguably have better songs,  but then that's because they have too many great songs to fit in one  album,that too one compiled based on popularity over a very short span of  time. Most of this stuff is evergreen - moreover, the point is this - if you  don't like this, you can safely ignore the Beatles from here on !<br /> (b)Someone who likes the Beatles, but doesn't LOVE them - Buy  this.Chances are most of the stuff you liked is here, since it's likely to b e  among the more popular ones, perhaps played by your Beatles crazy friends!<br /> (c)A Beatles fan - You've already bought this, right ? If not, do so  now!Sure, you might have all the songs in here, but not together - what's  more the sequence of songs is also great .. starting with the  chart-busting,foot-tapping stuff from their ealry days like 'Love me do' to  the more mature,experimental sounds of their later work (e.g 'The long &amp;  winding road'), reflecting their growth as a band.<br /> (d)Someone who HATES the beatles - Wow, you mean you people  actually exist ? Great - so why are you wasting you're time on this review  ? Go play your favourtie brand of noise !<br />  Just in case you couldn't tell, i belong to (c) above. Have a nice day !!
B00000JNNY|5.0|I first heard Etta James about 5 yrs. ago, but had no idea who it was. I heard her song &quot;At last&quot; and was blown away by her voice and that song!!! I knew that would be my wedding song someday. I finally found out who it was singing &quot;that song&quot; and enjoy listening to her every chance I get. I'm getting married this year, and &quot;At last&quot; will be playing as I dance my first dance with my husband!!
B000009O1U|2.0|That's the philosophy lesson we get from Sophia Loren as she waits impatiently for her fiance El Cid (Charlton Heston) to arrive for their wedding. While looking thru the reviews, I saw that someone judged this movie to have an above average script--what do they usually watch, airplane evacuation videos? This is maybe the worst epic I've ever seen, due to a preposterous script and a lot of outlandish acting. El Cid throws a monkey wrench into his wedding plans by refusing to put a group of Moslems to the sword en route to the nuptials. The head of these Moslems really appreciates it, and dubs him &quot;El Cid&quot; while pledging fealty. However, the king of Spain and his court are not so open minded as El Cid, and the upshot is he has to fight a duel with his prospective father-in-law. Suffice it to say that Sophia soon has reasons to have a real grudge against El Cid. So, the movie is about El Cid having to battle Moors for Spanish monarchs he's not too crazy about and about the turbulent love relationship he has with Sophia.  In my opinion, too many love scenes with both actors trying to have their faces in the camera at the same time. Let's face it: most lovers are interested in kissing each other's lips, not smashing their cheeks together like flying buttresses. Somewhat &quot;El Rid&quot;iculous movie.
B000002BKP|5.0|When Lauryn Hill dropped \\"The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill\\", critics and laymen alike tried to act like the excellence on that album had no precedent.  Like they couldn't see it coming.  Likewise, Wyclef's \\"The Carnival\\" was praised with no homage to the past.  People tried to act like the Fugees were some mediocre trio which bred two phenomenally talented stars, with Pras as an afterthought.  In reviews for Miseducation, I often saw folks saying \\"The Score\\" was alright, but....\\"  Please!  This is one of the best hip-hop albums I've ever heard!  And, though Pras' solo turn produced such hokey material as \\"Ghetto Superstar\\", he was a big part of why the Fugees were so good.  He and Lauryn are the star rappers here.  Wyclef is better doing the eclectic, instrumental stuff highlighted on the middle and end part of Carnival.  It makes me cringe when people point to \\"The Score\\" being famous only for \\"Killing Me Softly\\", which was a break from most of the rest of the album, in that it was a hip-hop/soul track rather than rap.  KMS was a nice song, but the true gems on the album are the bleak-sounding, down-tempo numbers like \\"Family Business\\" and \\"Ready or Not\\".  \\"Fu-gee-la\\" is great, also, as is the opener \\"How Many Mics\\".  Their rhymes are not dumbed down.  ...you get references to the Sword of Damocles and Parallax.  The precise, intellectual MCing Lauryn was praised for on Miseducation was totally evident on this album, which predates that record by 3 years.  I really can't think of a bad track on this record.  And, 5 years later, I still listen to it and it's still better than just about anything in the mainstream today.  And, this record sold something like 17 million copies worldwide.  It's a shame these Jersey/Brooklyn kids (and they WERE kids then, which makes it more amazing..remember Lauryn was only 23 when TMOLH came out in '99) couldn't seem to get along.  They were the bomb!
B00003CXV4|1.0|The worst movie I saw this year. Completely implausible the way the characters evolve.
B000002KIE|5.0|Were the Sex Pistols great musicians?  Hell no!  Were they even musicians in the truest sense of the word at all?  Probably not.  And, if it weren't for Rotten's political/intellectual turn of mind, they probably would've been of no relevance at all.  In the &quot;Filth and the Fury&quot; documentary, Steve Jones says the rest of the band wasn't really into making statements.  But, to get to the point, their lack of technical skills and the question of whether they were essentially pre-fab or not doesn't matter.  This album rocks and that's all that matters!  And the political statements made on &quot;Holidays in the Sun&quot; and &quot;God Save the Queen&quot; were revolutionary at that time and the frustration in them is still very tangible when you listen.  &quot;Sub-Mission&quot; is really the only track I could do without on the record and it's not that bad.  My favorites are &quot;Bodies&quot;, &quot;Anarchy in the UK&quot;, and &quot;Pretty Vacant&quot; in no particular order and the aforementioned protest songs and &quot;EMI&quot; are great.  The rest of the material is alright to good.  You'll love this record...I promise you!
B00003CXRM|3.0|We watched this DVD last night, seeing the movie for the first time.  The best part of the movie was its ability to put you into the feel of the south/midwest back in the 1920/1930 depression era.  The movie had a slap-stick-like humor and somewhat corny but very cute dialog.  The best part of the movie, I felt, was the cinematography and dialog, which wonderfully placed one back in the early 1920-1930's.  I did not find the movie very funny, but did find it somewhat 'charming' due to the mood and theme.<br />However, the average IQ of every character in the entire movie did not break double digits.  The slap-stick style humor and consistent monotony of the theme, in my opinion, gets old very quick.  <br />Overall, I find this movie fairly charming in its setting and theme, but the slapstick-style humor I did not find very funny.  Much of the time I was very straight faced, often annoyed.  The atmosphere, cinematography, and charm of this movie were its saving graces.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|From an upbeat song like 'Lady Marmalade' to a peaceful and quiet song like 'One Day I'll Fly Away', this CD *ROCKS*!!!  The songs are sooo original, I've never heard anything like them.  They all have really good beats and I'm VERY impressed with Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman's singing talents.  If you're looking for something fresh and unique, buy the 'Moulin Rouge' soundtrack (and see the movie, lol)!!!!
B000001FN8|5.0|I can care less for the many reviews that slam this Album. Too much comparing to the other Albums that preceded Savage Amusement! At the time Savage Amusement came out I was 18 years old,  I was young and more or less loving the big 80's hair band movement. This became my favorite Tape to listen to at the time, if there were a fire in my house at the time, I would save this copy above all the rest of them.<br />Times do change......and so do the Scorpions!  They in my opinion CAN Afford to be creative with their music! They CAN Afford to Blend with the times!  Over 30 years of being the best in what they do......They Rock.....they write some of the best Ballads in the Business, they are the best on stage in front of an audience......Savage Amusement if you have to compare with the rest of their CD Library......is not the best received by critics or Audience, but I cannot imagine Not having this added to my collection simply because a few people don't think it is Scorpions best material......simply put......if your a Scorpions fan and remember the 80's gracefully, &quot;Savage Amusement&quot; is something you cannot pass up!  Every song works well with each other.......Every song is one that can be heard over and over.  I own almost every Scorpions Cd (with the exception of &quot;Taken by Force&quot; and Tokyo Tapes&quot;....both of which I did at one point own on Cassette and wore both out).<br />I never write a review unless it is a Possitive one, This review is an overwelmingly Possitive outlook for Savage Amusement.....My Favorite songs from this album at the time it was released is &quot;Don't Stop at the Top&quot; and &quot;Walking on the Edge&quot; But like I said....every song is a good one! So take this review as others with a Grain of Salt and judge for yourself!  Its all in how you percieve it and how it touches you personaly!
0131103628|5.0|This is the best book available for C. It covers the ANSI C 1989 standard. I consider it to be comprehensible to intermediate level C programmers, so my opinion is that if you want to understand completely what you read you must have some C background. Of course if you have that background, read the book and see the Light.
B00003CXMG|5.0|if you have not seen this movie....WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?  Don't just rent this movie, BUY IT!  ALMOST FAMOUS has it all!  Comdey, drama, romance.  As well as GREAT MUSIC!  Almost famous takes you back to the 70's, a better time if you ask me.  I am not going to write about the plot of this movie, just how great it is and how it has inspired me.  I have owned a guiter for a couple years now. After seeing this movie I have finally picked it up and learned (learning) how to play. What can I say about Russell Crowe??  but he is a PURE GENUS!  This movie is  actually about his life story!  WOW!  I could watch this movie everyday and NEVER get tired of it.  So, if you are checking out the reviews to see if you want to watch it.. the answer is YES!
B0000070UK|5.0|Keeper of the Seven Keys pt2 is one of the few metal albums that plays out more like a soundtrack to a movie than something heard at a hole  the wall club. This becomes evident during the intro as it builds into Eagles fly free. The music (in my mind) creates a battle set in a fantasy  world. I think that this album captures what so many other bands fail to do when creating a more fantasy based album. IT achieves this without taking itself too seriously which becomes evident in Dr. Stein.The musicianship is excellent, with a twin guitar attack that is highly utilized, that does not just double the same riff, and easily identifiable as European.This album is what would happen if Iron Maiden had a sense of humor. If your tired of hearing tuned down metal bands talking about how bad life is,this might be what you need to get away. Recommended to fantasy lovers and Iron Maiden fans.
B000051VWW|5.0|I bought this album recently and am really enjoying it very much. All of the songs are amazing. her voice is perfect and the melodies are wonderful. My favorites are By Your Side, King of Sorrow, and Lovers Rock, but every song on it is superb. If you are looking for some soulful, jazzy music, look no further and buy this album.
6300215512|5.0|Volumes have been said about this incredible voyage of the lens into the mind and actions of a shelved, demented Silent Star. [Is anyone left from that period today?] The script is superb, reads like a play, became the musical [with it's own notorious track record of duelling Divas] There have been future forays into that territory [Bob Aldrich &quot;Legend of Lylah Claire&quot; an interesting alternate view - Kim Novak and Peter Finch].<br />BUT # 1 Auteur Billy Wilder's expose holds the patent. This is a prime seething, steaming pile of prime Hollywood manure, in its best sense. BILL HOLDEN is the Boy Toy [where, Oh where is that &quot;comfort maleness&quot; that Mr. Holden provided today?], and Nancy Olsen is the gal [very bemused too] inbetween, Star and object. Naturally, the older one becomes in this town, the closer this story comes home - disturbing and fascinating to see this work sporadically over the decades - there's ALWAYS something new to discover.<br />It's the Star waiting for THAT comeback [err &quot;Return&quot;] but the phone never sings. Along the way a semi-young [no spring chicken] buck plunges into her life, with some baggage of his own, there's also the shadowy ratty Butler, and the doors without locks, and the noctural funeral rites ....... As we know - this movie has morphed into the musical [best pick? Elaine Page - Petula Clark, Miss Page does a spot-on Desmond/Swanson &quot;interview&quot; on her TV bio. well worth viewing. There's also Carol Burnett's show with her version - see, this Lady is here to Stay!]  For the ultimate collectior : do find Helen Schneider's &quot;Sunset Boulevard&quot; - the German version, this lady WILL open your eyes!<br />This is MISS GLORIA SWANSON's movie - she lived it, did it, survived it!
B000007PI9|3.0|&quot;Cobra&quot; is an interesting movie in that it shows just how much movies have changed over the past fifteen years.  I don't think a studio would put out a movie like this today.  Special effects have altered the action movie landscape forever.  And the storylines have changed, too.  You wouldn't see a movie where a bunch of zombie-like killers stalking the streets makes up the main plot.  Thus, &quot;Cobra&quot; is the last of its kind.  Stallone does a decent job, but this film marked a slowdown in his career (it came out right after his 1985 hit &quot;Rambo II&quot;).  It wasn't until the mid-90s that he began to revitalize his career with &quot;Cliffhanger&quot; and &quot;Judge Dredd&quot; (pretty good movies, in my opinion).
0385501560|4.0|Good read, nowhere near as good as Survivor but still entertaining.
B00005LMBK|5.0|Del's lyrics totaly make this cd, backed up by 2-D its the complete package. worth every penny
B000002MK8|3.0|It is unfortunate that this album was released. It is an attempt on Rod Stewart's part to dip into his past hits and try to regain some credibility. So how is that unfortunate? The renditions of classic songs done in the modern (read: boring) style are only effective in making me turn off the cd and reach for the re-issues of his truly wonderful early albums. Indeed, sanctity is a word that comes to mind when talking about albums like &quot;Never a dull moment&quot; and &quot;Every picture tells a story.&quot; It is unfortunate as well that most people under 40 have no idea that Rod Stewart was at one time, inequivocally, one of the greatest singers in the world. Cheers to him for realizing the greatness of his early work. Double cheers for bringing back Ron Wood, the instrumental mainstay that grounded and seasoned Rod's early albums. The factors that are lacking in this record are youth and recklessness, the two ingredients that made Rod and the Faces so unpredictable and enjoyable. Lose the polish of this album, and you (may) get a taste of what Rod was made of so many wives and years ago. Let us pray together, in Holy agreement, that that early vigor can be salvaged.
B00004Z459|1.0|C'mon you homies who want to be cool so you shame yourselves as geeks and write reviews, like your official reporters, anonymously here, you absolutely never must have listened to this actual cd. It reeks. Bad. Hard. Shame on anyone who disagrees with me for I know I am virtuous and punish this outrageous nightmare of an attempt from stinkin, i mean linkin park. You want to know where in the world you can find cooler music than this, i mean Besides anywhere,? No sweat Ill tell you. Let's say you called an organization over the phone and they put you on hold: well the music they play while youre holding succeeds more than stinkin, i mean linkin park. Rats, there I go again confusing the two. My advice for anyone so hopeless that their listening to this guttercrap is to just stop listening to music all together. Thanks all. Ciao
B000002AE3|4.0|This is more like it! Toto has finally reached a level I connect with Toto. &quot;Tambu&quot; is a great album, rock-pop with a little funk-inspired grooves. A good choise, along Mindfields.
6303012140|5.0|Okay, a lot of people don't like this move. Some criticisms: The satire is heavy handed. <br />Yes, some of the acting is quite wooden.<br />and it is open to interpretation about who the above ground and below ground crowd is supposed to be, politically.<br />But: Even if you don't like Stallone (and a lot of people don't) or Bullocks (and a lot of people don't), Snipes and Leary make this worth watching...
B000002UAC|5.0|This is The Beatles' second album, and is even better than their debut LP &quot;Please Please Me.&quot; With The Beatles is much, much, much better than it's butchered US counterpart Meet The Beatles. No experimentation or recording gimmicks here, just flat out rock and roll. It Won't Be Long, All My Loving, Roll Over Beethoven, and Please Mr. Postman are just a few of the classics on this great album. I really can't think of a bad song on here. I Wanna Be Your Man is a great showcase for Ringo, and is even better than his vocal debut on Boys, from the previous album. Roll Over Beethoven features some excellent guitar work by George, and is one of the band's best cover songs. All of these songs are great, but the best by far is the final track on the album. Money is the band's best cover song, it has some of John's best vocals, and has a raunchy, classic piano lick.  This album is definitely essential to your Beatles collection, if you don't already have it, go out and buy it now!
B0000047CX|5.0|For late night romance, a bleary winter day, or cocktails, this is one of the best all-time albums I've ever heard. If you can call an album perfect, this is it. Joao Gilberto's playful cadences, Astrud's haunting crooning, and of course Stan Getz's swinging saxophone flow together in a seemingly never-ending stream of ticklish melodies. Buy it now.
0767821629|5.0|This is a stunning movie, simply overshadowed by the realease of &quot;Matrix&quot; about the same time. Not that &quot;Matrix&quot; wasn't great, but &quot;Thirteenth Floor&quot; deserved a lot more attention. Maybe just too cerebral for some--this is thought provoking and requires astute attention. While others have mentioned &quot;Dark City&quot; and &quot;eXistenz,&quot; this is my favorite of the three. The photography is stunning, the production values make &quot;eXistenz&quot; look like a student film, and 1930's Los Angeles is beautifully realized. The use of color palette to distinguish the different realities is more effective on DVD than VHS tape. Craig Bierko, Armin Mueller-Stahl, and Vincent D'Onofrio (who is unrecognizable from his stint in &quot;Men in Black&quot;)are all riveting. I found the ending to be clever, staying true to the theme of the movie while playing out the love affair. This warranted a satisfying second viewing to assure that all the pieces of the puzzle fit together. Give it a try.
B0000047CX|5.0|For late night romance, a bleary winter day, or cocktails, this is one of the best all-time albums I've ever heard. If you can call an album perfect, this is it. Joao Gilberto's playful cadences, Astrud's haunting crooning, and of course Stan Getz's swinging saxophone flow together in a seemingly never-ending stream of ticklish melodies. Buy it now.
B00005ASOC|4.0|Here is another well done off-the-mainstream movie that Hollywood decides to surprise us with every so often. It is a film which examines a curious friendship which is forged between a young black youth (Jamal, played by Rob Brown) and an aging, reclusive white author (William Forrester, played by Sean Connery).<br />The movie invokes the directorial talents of Gus Van Sant, and there are a few obvious parallels between it and &quot;Good Will Hunting,&quot; also directed by Van Sant. To SOME extent, Jamal is the liberal arts counterpart to the math/science extraordinaire that Matt Damon played in &quot;Hunting.&quot; However, while he is precocious, Jamal is not quite the &quot;giant among giants&quot; type of genius depicted in Damon's persona.<br />However, what Jamal is is a young, gifted youth who has a whole lot of potential. The one thing he lacked all his life was intellectual direction. He is well-read, but never had any one to help him hone his writing skills. After stumbling across a one-hit-wonder author (Forrester never attempted to publish a 2nd book), he comes to understand that he has found the catalyst for his future success as a serious writer.<br />This film succeeds brilliantly in its presentation of liberal arts as being an under-used nexus between societies, cultures and socio-economic classes. What keeps coming back again &amp; again throughout the film is just how uniquely human the art of literature is. The fact that Jamal is an athelete as well as a scholar is a refreshing touch, especially considering how most Hollywood movies portray intellectuals as being stereotypical &quot;nerds.&quot;<br />The one factor which precluded my giving this movie 5 stars was its articulation of the relationship between Jamal and Claire. It was obvious that both characters wanted a romance with the other, but the relationship never really went anywhere. By the end of the movie, it seems that the writers forgot about her entirely. Don't get me wrong: I am not asking for a cheesy love scene, or even a kiss. I would have just liked to know what happened. Claire's disappearance from the movie was a bit odd, and it left the story incomplete.<br />Other than that aspect, this is a worthwhile DVD to buy. Connery's performance, as usual, is breath-taking. In fact, his depiction of an aging author made me think of Hemingway in his later years.ot asking for a cheesy love scene, or even a kiss. I would have just liked to know what happened. Claire's disappearance from the movie was a bit odd, and it left the story incomplete.<br />Other than that aspect, this is a worthwhile DVD to buy. Connery's performance, as usual, is breath-taking. In fact, his depiction of an aging author made me think of Hemingway in his later years.
B000003B6J|5.0|N.W.A. is so ghetto its kind of compelling. they don't even mess around. you don't mess with N.W.A. they were the cause of gansta rap. 2pac (often consitered the jesus of hip hop)is a prime example of NWA's rap impact. you got easy e, dre, ice cube, mc ren and dj yella. its the origenal ghetto lineup. NWA were snotty ghetto punks that weren't afraid of really anything. Dopeman, the title cut, and of course f--- the police are steet wise anthems. its a traditional record that still packs a punch even today.
B00003Q43A|4.0|While 4 stars is probably pretty generous for this film, it is entertaining, nonetheless.  It most certainly has some of the best special effects I have ever seen.  It's kind of like a remake of a 1950s movie with an updated SF package.<br />Will Smith is certainly not my favorite actor, but he turns in a suprisingly strong performance as a Marine fighter pilot ace.  Bill Pulman is a likeable, youthfull president who was a fighter pilot himself during Desert Storm.  [Now, class, 3 guesses as to why the writers put in the President of the United States as a former fighter pilot, please.  Could it be that they want the President himself to go ballistic on some aliens, maybe?].<br />The one fatal flaw of this movie is that it is unbelievable to anyone who has ever been in the military, or knows anything at all about the military.  These huge, 5 mile long flying saucers come to earth, and apparently all the military has to use against them are air-to-air missiles and nuclear bombs.  Excuse me?  I would think that there would be stuff in-between sidewinders and Nuclear missiles that we could fire at these nasty aliens....I mean, trying to knock  a gargantuan alien mothership out of the sky with sidewinders is a bit like trying to knock out George Foreman using nothing but jabs.<br />Anyway, word has it that the military was excited about collaborating with this film project, just as they have done with movies such as \\"Crimson Tide,\\" \\"The Rock\\" and many others.  However, a glitch came up when the military advisors learned that some of the movie was to concentrate on all of the mythology / hoopla behind the infamous \\"Area 51.\\"  I'm sure everyone is aware of those rumours, so there is no reason to go into them.  Anyway, as soon as the Brass learned about this, the military washed its hands of the project.  So, what you end up with is basically what the original writers seemed to be looking for:  a cross between \\"Star Wars\\" and \\"Top Gun.\\"<br />That said, this movie does pass as good eye candy.  I just hope that, if there ever really is an alien invasion, we don't try & shoot down UFOs using the weakest weapons in our arsenal.  8-)s pass as good eye candy.  I just hope that, if there ever really is an alien invasion, we don't try & shoot down UFOs using the weakest weapons in our arsenal.  8-)
B0000009RX|5.0|there is absolutley nothing that i can say to describe the odd genius of zappa. all i can say is the songs on this album make me think of wierd funky fruity cartoons.
6304416415|5.0|Honey, I Shrunk The Kids was a very tripped out movie. It had an extremely quriky atmosphere. It is disguised as a family movie, yet below it's packaging is a truly twisted, horror movie. From the excellent yet dark animated opening sequence, to the mad scientist music score, to the subtle oddities (Wayne picking up the phone and telling Quark it's not for him, stepping on the grass and looking at his shoe), this movie has such a Tim Burtonian style, you'd swear it was him directing. A dead-on reflection of midwestern suburbia. One of the eeriest kids movies ever. Highly recommended.
B00004U2GH|5.0|johnny is god and you know it. theres just such a greatness to this record. every song rules. this album brings out every emotion in me. boy named sue has the ability to make you laugh out loud, wanted man gives me a sence of adventure, and i walk the line almost brings a tear to my eye every time i hear it. i've listened to this on a weekly basis ever since i got. and one will to. johnny is strong yet vulnerable, mean yet sensitive. i can see why the san quinton inmates loved him so much. (and vice versa) cash's influence can echo in such diverce music as modern day nick cave to spoken word rollins. buy this album and play it everyday! your depriving yourself if you don't!
6304936303|2.0|This is a very LOW quality DVD, but DVD's shouldn't be rated solely on the quality of the features and appearance. There is a closed caption for the entire movie, which upsets me. I don't like having to see the wording of the movie being written as it is said. <br />Now to the movie. It's very good except for a few insanely pointless scenes. It is funny on several occasions and vulgar on all occasions.
B0000024SI|5.0|bob dylan is sometimes reconized as one of the best performers in music history. and with good reason. its smart poetic folk inspired by woody guthrie and lead belly and later inspiring bruce springspeen as well as modern day icons like ben harper. like a rolling stone, ballad of a thin man, and tombstone blues are music cornerstones and this album in particular is a dylan classic. freewheelin' bob dylan more accesible and blonde on blonde is more contemperary but in my opinion this is dylan's finest hour of one of the best singer/songwriters in music history.
B0000028P8|5.0|Recorded live for MTV's &quot;Unplugged&quot; program, this acoustic 1992 concert bears witness to Mariah's fantastic performance skills. Equipped with her astoundingly powerful, lovely pipes, Mariah pulls #1 singles and b-sides out of the studio bag and makes live magic of them. Particularly on the numbers with a gospel chorus behind her, it's clear during at even the poppiest moments that this woman testifies when she picks up the mic, with echoes of divas like Aretha Franklin and Mahalia Jackson in her riveting vibratos.<br />Surely another part of what enlivens concerts like this one so much is the fact that Mariah helped pen all but one song - The Jackson 5's &quot;I'll Be There.&quot; Backed by a dynamic band and the heartthrob Trey Lorenz, Mariah lights this classic ablaze with feeling, further affirming her love for her roots while staying true to her own vocal personality. &quot;If It's Over,&quot; co-written by Carole King, takes a more traditional R&amp;B turn with the brassy groove of the Saturday Night Live Horns, while the hit &quot;Vision Of Love&quot; is just plain rapturous.
B000002KHH|5.0|black sabbath isn't metal. they ARE metal. metallica were mean and menacing and slayer were a pure metallic rush but sabbath tops it all. and this is there best album. every track rocks hardcore. go pick up this and the rest of there other first five studio albums to find the history of heavy metal, the ... son of rock n roll. war pigs still has the power to blow my mind every time i hear it. great stuff.<br />p.s. don't bother with ozzy's solo stuff its just a empty echo of a once great band
B000002BQK|5.0|A mature and contemplative Mariah Carey emerges as if from a chrysalis on her seventh album, displaying her now-familiar otherworldly vocal abilities tempered by a new restraint, as well as an infallible ear for irresistible rhythm-based, hook-laden music. BUTTERFLY's uptempo songs, including &quot;Honey&quot; and &quot;Fly Away (Butterfly Reprise),&quot; are flawlessly produced and catchy, and the title track soars with the spirit of independence and freedom.<br />On BUTTERFLY Mariah covers the Prince song &quot;The Beautiful Ones&quot;, and does a good job of it, perhaps it would have been better without Dru Hill singing with her. &quot;Outside&quot; is a soul searching ballad many people could find a place to relate to. &quot;Close My Eyes&quot; digs deep into her childhood, exposing all those open wounds of never really having the chance to enjoy growing up. &quot;Whenever You Call&quot; is a beautiful ballad, as is the title track &quot;Butterfly&quot; which shows her new independance and freedom, her willingness to let her former lover fly. &quot;Fourth of July&quot; is reminiscent of a special time as is &quot;The Roof&quot;. &quot;Honey&quot; and &quot;Breakdown&quot; are both hip hop/R&amp;B flavored uptempo tracks.<br />BUTTERFLY is full of such hopeful, uplifting moments, but it is equally infused with adeep sense of sadness and loss, as displalyed on the album's numerous ballads, most notably &quot;Breakdown,&quot; a simple, honest song with a &quot;Tears Of A Clown&quot; motif, on which Carey sings of hiding her sadness from the world. Both joy and grief are explored on this album with equal tenacity.
B000001FFJ|5.0|tom waits is a very interesting and compelling performer. he tours infrequently and mostly at small night clubs and bars. he sings depressing tales of lovelorn, despair and lowlives. there is something about that i've alwayed loved. and his voice! oh his voice is magic! i mean when he records does somebody shove 34 cigarettes in his mouth and light them? just check out anywhere i lay my head. and 9th and hennepin always sends a chill down my spine. tom waits isn't like anything i've ever heard. its poety. its art. but like beefheart and zappa its an aquiered taste. its not for everyone. but for the articulate people that do enjoy it, waits is a rewarding experiance.
B000002AVF|5.0|On DAYDREAM, Mariah Carey's singing expands the panorama of its emotional release--her voice, having been a strictly powerful pure instrument, now taking on the thespian strategies of great vocalists. She has added subtle understatement to her bag of tricks. On the hit single &quot;Fantasy,&quot; a groovin' piece of soulful pop based on a sample of the Tom Tom Club's &quot;Genius Of Love,&quot; the chorus layers generous helpings of her voice. But rather than featuring the high-pitched lead she's famous for, the vocal parts reflect off each other in penetrating harmony. When she gets to cooing the key &quot;I'm in heaven...&quot; refrain as the fade-out hook, Carey's voice carries an enticing faux-innocence to match any of Madonna's good girl/bad girl come-ons. There is also her cover of Journey's &quot;Open Arms,&quot; on which the a capella opening drifts into the stardust sound effects and the electric piano accompaniment, and the singer pours herself into a striking, minor-key declaration.<br />There's also a more obvious modern R&amp;B sheen to DAYDREAM than any of Carey's previous work. &quot;One Sweet Day,&quot; her collaboration with Boyz II Men, sways with the sugary gospel cum synth-soul feel of the Philadelphia quartet's grandest romantic ballads. &quot;Always Be My Baby,&quot; co-produced by Carey and Jermaine Dupri, expresses the simple, catchy melodic poise of the R&amp;B girl-groups of the late 1950's and early '60s. And a Carey album wouldn't be complete without a track that rushes the listener onto the dance-floor. DAYDREAM'S nominee is David Morales' rolling &quot;Daydream Interlude (Fantasy Sweet Dub Mix)&quot; which explodes from a duet between Carey's vocal runs and a minimal keyboard part, into a house groove spurred on by tinklingly funky piano licks.
B000002GYI|5.0|this kind of thing is just fun. krafterk sounds like the background music for an old 70s video game. i love all the funky noise effects. i love songs like computer world and computer love. i just love electronic music. i'm interested in the evelution of electronica to industrial. kraftwerk to skinny puppy and everything along the way. my electronic music dosn't even need to have harmony or song structure. in fact i prefer it not to. nothing beats a 20 minute long electrical song consisting of sound effects and computer generated noises. just something about it all thats so magical.
B000003TA4|5.0|How can people hate this album? It's got to be the best Nirvana album ever and the best album in it's genre. The best songs are \\"Smells Like Teen Spirit\\", \\"In Bloom\\", \\"Come As You Are\\", \\"Lithium\\", \\"Polly\\", \\"Drain You\\" and \\"Stay Away\\". This album should be certified gold.
B0000062FJ|5.0|all i can say is this kills me. it blows me away. it fuses together about every sound you can imagine together for a totally origenal and articulate sound. i can't even explain it. just listen to soul sacrifise. thats all you need. SOUL SACRIFISE
0679746048|2.0|Sylvia Plath was admitted to McLean Hospital in 1953, fifteen years before Susanna Kaysen's two year stay there, and The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath was published in 1963, twenty-nine years before the publication of Girl Interrupted. Both books are about young women on the verge of both adulthood and madness. However, Plath's novel is told with depth and substance, whereas Kaysen just skims the surface. <br /> While Girl Interrupted paints a vivid portrait of Kaysen's stay at McLean hospital, it doesn't do much else. It's a quick and easy read, despite it not being told in order. It muses on and on about having a mental illness, and while at times the text is engaging, it's never enlightening or beautiful.
B000000OAN|5.0|Queen rules. this is there classic album. and it includes the true queen classic which is of course &quot;bohemian rhapsody&quot; if you can't dig that song, then, well your opinion on anything music related is completly non existant quite frankly. from death on two legs to your my best friend this is a wonderful challenging complex rock n roll essential. Damn i love queen!
1577311523|5.0|One of the best books I have ever read..... and trust me, I have read them all, or atleast most of all.......... Just be open minded and give this a shot...... You will not lose anything, but gain everything you have ever wanted.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|i have this album on CD, record, and tape. you know why? cause its godly. the clash mixed raggae, jazz, punk, and other forms of pop together. the clash are the santana of punk and when i say that i mean they have limitless musical range and can blend together about every sound imaginable together and sound like they can do anything. so diverse, so bold, so daring. london calling changed everything. just check out the guns of brixton. this stuff is literally life changing. in one word, awesome, just awesome.
B00003CXE6|5.0|If you like Brave heart with Mel Gibson,Then you will like this film.It has great special effects and action sequences.When I saw this film I thought nothing can be better than this.It is the first time I have seen Russel Crowe act in this movie and he is the best.Great action,excellent action and special effects,and is kind of a drama too.If you have never seen Gladiator,get it now,its the best movie
B000002UAU|5.0|to me this is the beatles finest hour. it all really comes together here. the blend there unique style with other forms of music. within you without you is great because it shows of harrison's passion for indian ragas. but for those who are more interested in strait beatles rock this has something for everyone. everybody loves the beatles. there just a timelss band.
0767819594|5.0|When I first saw Cruel Intentions last month I didn't expect anything special, and I was treated too an incredible shock. This movie tells an epic tale with an epic soundtrack to follow. The acting was just unbelievable, and the plot left me utterly speachless. The writers must have had a gigantic thesaurus around while they were writing the plot, because it was just incredible. The soundtrack was one of the best I have ever seen, and fit the movie like a glove. The ending was one of the best I have ever witnessed. The song that ends the movie and wraps up the plot {Bittersweet Simphany} is one of my favorite songs and this movie is one of my favorite movies. If you are thinking of seeing this movie, run to the movie store and get it, you will be pleasantly surprised and a bit shocked of how great this movie actually is.
B000002H72|5.0|the pixies are great. this albums a lot of fun. i don't know which i like better though the unbeatable basslines of frank black's girlish vocal scream. all the songs here rock, debaser, i bleed, gouge away. its alternative rock before alternative rock became fake rock. i mean remember my bloody valentine and catherine wheel and smashing pumpkins before 1996? well this album is the wonderful roots of all of that great stuff. and you can easilly tell. the pixies are like a angry acitone noise rock sucker with a sweet pop center. and its a tasty sucker.
0671027573|1.0|I can't believe the rave reviews that this horrible book has received. I used to be a big fan of Linda Howard, and this is way below her usual excellence.<br />The story premise is totally unrealistic: a group of women who work together make up a silly list of &quot;the perfect lover&quot; which somehow becomes a national craze, and another person who is offended by this harmless list to the point of murdering the women who created it.<br />The story is set in Detroit, at a company that provides computer technology to the automotive industry (the author just begs you to recognize GM and EDS in this mess). Now, I've worked at EDS, and I'm thoroughly offended by the author's insipid stereotyping of informational technology professionals, whom she calls &quot;geeks,&quot; &quot;nerds,&quot; and &quot;loonies.&quot; This in no way characterizes the intelligent people who work at EDS. There is no mention of the cultural diversity of this workforce, as the author stereotypes all the info tech professionals as white males. The other characters in the book are similarly one-dimensional and stereotypical, and the author is so unfamiliar with the Motor City she can't make up her mind if this fictional high tech company is located in Warren, in Troy or in Southfield.<br />My advice to people: if you're a fan of Linda Howard's, DON'T READ THIS BOOK OR YOU'LL BE DISAPPOINTED! If you've never read anything by Linda Howard, READ ONE OF HER OTHER BOOKS.
B00003CXB2|5.0|This film gives us a look into the psyche of one of the most interesting figures in history. The illegitimate son of a British Noble, T. E. Lawrence was forced to find his own path through life. This movie starts out like Gandhi, seeing his death, then his funeral, where we get some biographical information. From there we go to the beautifully filmed deserts of what was once called Arabia, where a war is raging. Lawrence will blaze his own trail, doing what he pleases with great success. The military men withhold artillery because it would &quot;make the Arabs independent.&quot; So, he uses guerilla warfare to wage his war against the Turks, all odds, and tradition and sentiment. David Lean is one of the greatest directors of all time, and this is an amazing film.
0385335482|5.0|I've been reading some great summer books lately.  Cute, funny, often brit lit novels that make me laugh, cry, and wish for my own prince charming.  This is the best one I've read all summer.  So many are alike, seem to follow the same pattern.  &quot;Shopoholic&quot; is unique, charming, and had me intrigued every minute.  I grew to feel as if Becky were my friend.  When I took a trip to London this summer, I though of her, felt like she was right next to me when I went shopping to many of the places described in the novel.  I read it twice and made my mother read it - she couldn't put it down.  Major props to Sophie Kinsella.  The next book I see with her name on it will be bought and paid for before you can say &quot;Shopoholic.&quot;
B00003CY5H|4.0|I had very high expectations for this movie, which may be why I wasn't completely satisfied after watching it.  The cast is very strong and everyone fits their role, from De Niro as the current best heist man, Norton as the bold up and comer, Brando as the aging veteran, and even Angela Bassett as the girlfriend who wants to settle down.  The three men are considered by some to be the greatest actors of their generation.  I do not argue this point, however, I wish the movie was a little less predictable.  The premise was Brando approaches De Niro with a big job that, unfortunately, takes place in De Niro's hometown.  De Niro gets hooked up with Norton who is the man on the inside.  There are a couple bumps in the road (perfect time to relieve yourself if you are in the theater) before the heist goes down.  There is a little twist at the end that is very very little.  Any avid movie-goer should figure this one out.  This movie is worth a look and is by no means bad, but with the blockbusters coming out this year, this film may end up being a mere ripple in the pond.
B000006TRV|5.0|I think the great thing about this album is the way that the entire thing is really one work; although several of the songs are very good by themselves. the &quot;plot&quot; of the album is not particulary detailed, but I like that -- it gives you the freedom to make up the details on your own; and there is definitely a theme that runs altheway through it. There is also a variety in the type of songs; some are softer (comfortably numb) and some are harder (run like hell) and some are comic (the trial). I could listen to this probably a million times.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|but the soundtrack is still good. The remakes of &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; and &quot;Rhythem of The Night&quot; are really great.<br />  &quot;One Day I'll Fly Away&quot;, is the best song on the CD and Nicole Kidman has an okay voice, she's not Mariah or Whitney...but she is still better than other actresses who try to sing. <br />I also like &quot;Sparkling Diamonds&quot; and &quot;The Elephant Love Medley&quot; and &quot;Your Song&quot;.
B00000I01A|5.0|I'm going to start out by saying the same thing everyone else is: this is an outstanding workout CD.  It not only keeps you motivated, but it does so by helping you envision the goals you're striving for with your workout. I've never found so much powerful music together on one CD.  I had this on cassette as a kid, but for god only knows what reason, got rid of it.  Recently bought it on CD and fell in love with it again. The hands-down favorite is &quot;Heart's on Fire&quot; by John Cafferty.  Also great are &quot;The Sweetest Victory&quot; by Touch, &quot;No Easy Way Out&quot; by Robert Tepper, two instrumentals by Vince DiCola, and Rocky soundtrack standbys Survivor, with &quot;Eye of the Tiger&quot; and &quot;Burning Heart&quot;.
B000002U9E|5.0|Some claim that early K.B. is the best stuff, but I'm one of the naysayers, and perhaps a member of the rank and file who claim that this album is Kate's creative zenith.  Since Rock music is over 40 years old, if you've been listening to a wide variety of stuff for all or most of that time, you know that true originality is rather elusive, if not downright nonexistent. I have listened to tons of stuff over the years, some much more notable than others.  Yet, when I first heard this, (as well as &quot;The Dreaming&quot;) I couldn't help but think this woman was a true original.   During an era where most music had become garbage, Kate Bush was following her own musical destiny and produced this, what many consider her masterpiece.<br />As a person with a background in singing and vocal performance, just what she does with her voice and the voices of others alone is breathtaking.  I've always felt that Kate Bush was the queen of the art-school genre and thought if I could touch the hem of her garment in the creativity department, I'd be doing good.<br />My only complaint about the album is that I have had the privilege of hearing remixes of the songs &quot;The Big Sky&quot; and &quot;Cloudbusting&quot; on British import EP's which far surpassed the versions she put on this album--The Big Sky in particular.  I might be able to find those rarities on eBay if I'm lucky, but it a great annoyance to me, and I am mystified why she put the abbreviated versions on The Hounds of Love.  I don't understand why artists do this--Peter Gabriel did the same thing with the song &quot;I Don't Remember,&quot; which appeared on his second solo album.  I used to have an import 45 with a far superior version of it with Robert Fripp.  God only knows which move I lost that one in, and it kills me I'll never hear that version again. Annoying!<br />Anyway, buy this, Kate's best, or &quot;most accessible,&quot; as some would say.  I hear that after &quot;The Red Shoes&quot; she decided to retire and her conspicuous absence ever since is due to the fact that she is pursuing a degree in Marine Biology.  Let's hope her retirement is only temporary.  She is about my age and in my opinion could easily ripen into Grand Dame status.  Let's hope she'll come back!!!!!
B000003RCY|5.0|This was Rammstein's first CD (Herzeleid meaning heartache), yet it doesn't appear to be a novice work. First off, Rammstein is a techno metal band from Germany, consisting of six members. They have spectacular live performances including flamethrowers and chainsaws. They sing exclusively in German, but have done three songs in English (one of which is on their second CD, Sensucht [Longing]). They've also worked with KMFDM and Faith No More.       But to the CD. For anyone who speaks German, this Rammstein album has rather morbid lyrics. For example Heirate Mich (Marry Me) talks of a man whose wife died, and he goes to her graveyard at night to exhume her corpse and embrace it.       Weisses Fleisch (White Flesh) is about an alienated student who goes insane. The song Rammstein is about the tragedy at the Air Show at Ramstein Air Force Base in 1989 (a jet crashed into spectators killing 50).       The album is dynamic, and holds a certain teutonic curio over the listener. On a side note, no members of Rammstein or either Nazis, Neo-Nazis, or fascists. They are in fact pacifists and rather liberal.        If you like Rammstein, also check out Megaherz and Das Ich.If you like techno metal, or German music, this is a must check out.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I think he's amazing, unbelivable, the best raper ever!!!! His songs really say something to you, his lyrics are true and he's not afraid of  saying what he thinks in his record.  I love the song  Kim, and although it may seem too violent for some people as he kills his wife in the end of the song while he yells at her: \\"BLEED .... BLEED\\" it's a great song wich is worth to be listened.   Every album song is worth of buying the CD
0679745653|5.0|Breakfast at Tiffany's is a perfect novel. It should be studied by creative writing classes in order to observe the best ways to use humor, wit, tragedy, and freedom in their work. This is the story of Holly Golightly, a young 19 year old who is simply searching for a place that feels like home which she has never discovered. So she is always moving, always kinetically charged for the next big love affair, the next big happening in her life. Surrounded by men who fawn all over her, it is amazing to witness the kindness she exhibits to them. Capote does a marvelous job of showing that it is Holly who is being exploited in her relationships, even though her only income is from the men she picks up. She encounters a young writer named Fred who develops a platonic relationship with her and it is he who narrates the novel. She is looking for shelter and the only place she finds that is at Tiffany's. Something in the ambience of the place makes her feel secure and that nothing bad could happen. So she's always looking for that place. The novel is about her search. Along the way, the truth about her past is revealed and you admire her even more. She's probably one of the most memorable female characters I've ever encountered. The only complaint I have about it is that it was too short. At the end you feel like you were left hanging and that it should have continued.<br />Also in this edition there are 3 short stories and the quality of them decreases in the order of their inclusion. The first story, &quot;House of Flowers&quot;, is great. It's about a Port-au-Prince prostitute searching for true love and finding it. Don't worry, it's not Pretty Woman. This story carries a very dark humor involving voodoo and a haunting from beyond the grave. &quot;A Diamond Guitar&quot; is about a prison camp and the relationship between an old con and a new arrival who dreams only of escape.  &quot;A Christmas Memory&quot; is a boring and slight story involving childhood memories and is not even worth reading.<br />I loved this book. I cannot sing the praise of Breakfast enough. If you want a novel to be efficent, precise, funny, and beautiful, read this work.
B00004TL21|5.0|WP is the best Deftones CD, if you liked Adrenaline and Around the fur you must have this CD, is Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!! I like almost every song of the album and I enjoy the combination of songs wich goes from a slow one like pink maggit to a heavy one like elite.  The best songs are Change, Knife party, digital bath, feliceira and I love Elite though every song deserves buying the CD
0345363132|5.0|Ms.Penman does a masterful job of mixing fact and fiction.  She takes a much maligned king and using all of the facts available to any good researcher, draws a very different picture of the man than many historians have vilified. The book is so well written that it holds your attention from start to finish.  If you're into history made as real as today's headlines, &quot;SPLENDOUR&quot; is the book to read and keep.
B000002HD5|5.0|&quot;Gentlemen&quot; is the most outstanding album from the best band of the 1990's.  If you haven't heard it yet, be careful.  These songs are so good and so honest that they will make you realize how HORRIBLE most music really is.  You'll have to blame the Afghan Whigs when you wind up throwing your radio out the window!  I'd list my favorite songs now, but they are all my favorites!  &quot;Gentlemen&quot; is funky, addictive, angry, tender, melodic and well-played.  If anyone is interested in hearing Greg Dulli singing &quot;My Curse&quot; there is a great version on the &quot;What Jail is Like&quot; EP import from Mute/Blast First.  That EP also has a Patti Smith and a Martha and The Vandellas cover, so it is well-worth the purchace.
0345363132|5.0|Ms.Penman does a masterful job of mixing fact and fiction.  She takes a much maligned king and using all of the facts available to any good researcher, draws a very different picture of the man than many historians have vilified. The book is so well written that it holds your attention from start to finish.  If you're into history made as real as today's headlines, &quot;SPLENDOUR&quot; is the book to read and keep.
006092988X|5.0|This book, plainly put, is about the beauty of living. It is about waking up in the morning and seeing the beauty of life before you. It's about living with dignity and taking pride in what you are. It's about taking things as they come and not letting anything, no matter how hurtful, defeat you. But it's also about pain, living with pain and rejection. This is a beautiful book that is not read. It is lived. I will never forget this book.
068815333X|4.0|Among the trio of hardboiled male mystery writers who rose in 1990s -- Michael Connelly, Robert Crais, and Dennis Lehane -- you can sort them along a continuum: Connelly is the edgiest and grimmest, while Crais is the one with the most wisecracks.  Lehane falls in between, but leans more toward Crais despite some pretty dark works (&quot;Darkness, Take My Hand&quot; and &quot;Sacred&quot;).<br />&quot;Prayers for Rain&quot; is the most recent of the series (start with &quot;A Drink Before the War&quot;) and as it opens, the narrator (Patrick Kenzie) is operating his P.I. agency alone.  He used to have a partner (Angela Gennaro), but they split over events depicted in &quot;Gone Baby Gone.&quot;<br />Kenzie takes care of a stalking matter for a female client with little problem.  Four months later, she leaves him a message asking him to call, but he blows her off.  Two months after that, she commits suicide.  Feeling guilty, Kenzie delves into the mess to find out why she would kill herself.<br />Doing so draws into a confrontation with a psychopath who gets his kicks from making people's lives so miserable they wish they were dead.  The psychopath turns his attention to Kenzie, and a war of misery ensues.<br />There's no denying that Lehane is a talented writer, and that his books draw you into the dark streets of Boston.  The interaction between Kenzie and Gennaro is fun, but at times the dialogue is downright corny, like something you'd expect from children.  Of course, the reality is that in real life, people who are in love will talk like that to each other, but still, reading it in a book, it seems silly.<br />So, the question is, what are you looking for in a mystery?  Crais' books are fluffier (though still violent), Connelly's much darker and edgier, and Lehane's a compromise.  Pick your poison.
B00005K3NR|1.0|Since the Special Edition is not yet out, this review refers to the 1998 MGM DVD in widescreen format with Dolby digital 5.1 soundtrack.  I rarely buy movies and was greatly disappointed with this one.  The bottom 10% of the screen was chopped off as if they were trying to fit it into some other format.  It almost looks like they took the standard VHS format and chopped from the bottom and top to put it back into the widescreen.  Extra clarity does not justify censoring parts of the original movie.
B000050IMG|1.0|Let me give a pure, simple, objective evaluation of this movie:  it sucks.  Need I say more?  I think not, but since most people won't be convinced by the former, I will.  The main \\"plot\\" is a parody of a few elements from Scream, but is mostly a spoof on I Know What You Did Last Summer, but uses all six kids from the two IKWYDLS.  First mistake:  right there.  Why write a parody of I Know What You Did Last Summer?  That movie parodied itself.  So, obviously, Scary Movie comes awfully close to being devoid of a plot.<br /><br />Comedy?  Well, there were some funny lines, but there wasn't really any good, solid humor in this movie.  Sure, they satired the grotesque cheap thrills of the standard horror movie, and the killing scenes gave me a few chuckles, but the movie relies too much upon dirty jokes and explicit sexual references to convey humor.  Tell me, honestly, how are explicit sexual references FUNNY?  There's absolutely no cleverness or subtlety in the jokes.  Pretty much every element in the movie is an explicit sexual reference.<br /><br />No mercy?  None at all.  This movie could pass for a horror movie, though not for the violence.  No shame?  Hold on a second.  This is barely worthy of the title, \\"movie.\\"  No sequel?  Liars.  But is anyone surprised?  Why would you trust someone who made this flick to tell the truth?<br /><br />Now, for the big question:  is it worth your money?  In my opinion, no.  Not unless you like mindless obscene humor, dirty jokes off the wall, a movie composed ENTIRELY of plot distractions, and everything else evil.  I must say, I'm thoroughly disappointed.  I expect a LOT more from such well-promoted movies...
B00005M989|2.0|Real Prince aficionados will snort and roll their eyes at the idea that one CD could ever contain &quot;the very best&quot; of the most prolific musical genius of the late 20th century (NO, not &quot;arguably&quot;!).  Then they will, like me, have a conniption fit when they see which songs were chosen for this CD, obviously selected by exactly the type of $$$-grubbing record-exec Prince spent all those years trying to escape. &quot;Where is 'How Come You Don't Call Me Anymore?&quot;, hard-core purple people will indignantly ask.  &quot;What about 'Housequake'? 'Joy in Repetition'? 'Anna Stesia'? How could they fail to include [insert name of your favorite prince song here]?&quot;<br />I would have never expected some of my personal favorites, like &quot;Now&quot; and &quot;Style&quot; to be included, but there has gotta be some middle ground here.  People of a certain age will have likely heard all the tracks on this CD on the radio already; if they were going to get deeper into Prince, they would have already done so.  Let's hope this CD can serve as an intro to Prince for younger listeners, so that they start exploring P's albums, where the real &quot;very best&quot; is found.
6304106017|1.0|Oh, how very far we've come from Bram Stoker's novel. How very far down. The movie industy has dragged us into the muck. I remember as a 14 year old boy how I loved gory horror movies (such as they were back then). But then something unspeakably horrible happened: I grew up. Even at 14, I would have noticed this movie was just pandering to my adolescent tastes. Now, I weep at the horror slop Hollywood feeds us. Judging from so many positive reviews, quite a few reviewers are emotionally stuck at 14. Sad. So many good actors were wasted here. How are we supposed to intepret this movie? Are we supposed to care about the fate of the anti-hero Gecko brothers and the hapless Fuller family? We started to care. But when Hayek turned into a vampire, the movie nosedived and I stopped caring. Are they stuck at a bar where the patrons get slaughtered every night and no one in Mexico or the U S ever notices? Who cares? At that point, gore is all that matters. Senseless, gratuitous gore for the 14 year old boys. Moviemakers are capable of handling the vampire legend beautifully. My best recommendation would be 1979's &quot;Nosferatu the Vampyre.&quot; But I guess giving cheap thrills to the perpetual 14 year olds is infinitely more profitable. Hence, &quot;From Dusk Till Dawn.&quot; Enjoy, kiddies.
0671027344|5.0|A year ago I was in a bookstore here in Virginia.I went in and sure enough the store had only one copy of the book left.The next day I started to read it and was imediatly hooked.Chbosky wrote this book briliantly.The book is honest,gripping,sad,and at times humerous.Everyone I know who has read this book has loved it.This is one of the few books I have read all the way through twice.This is definatly a book every teenager should read.
B000001FAW|2.0|If it is possible to recommend a CD on the power of one song and one song alone, then that is exactly what I'm doing.  &quot;Subway&quot; rocks- it's a great song, sung in a falsetto style I've never really heard Barry use before.  Sensible use of synthesizers and a steady, flowing feel to the song make it one of their best.  It's a hidden treasure.  The rest of the album is overblown and pompous.  <br />But you can't get &quot;Subway&quot; anywhere else, so... the decision is yours.  The best song of their career just happens to be on what I consider to be their weakest album.  Go figure.
6305558167|5.0|This has perhaps the greatest cast of character actors i have ever seen.  This movie does not need giant stars or killer action seens to sell.  If you watch this movie and cannot believe you are actually there, there is something wrong.  Nigel Terry does a spectacular job in protraying Merlin.  This is full of realistic sword fighting seens, and has the most movingt soundtrack any movie has yet to add (even better than the god father's).  Main theme is takin from the opera &quot;Oh Fortuna&quot;.  Full of mystic, majic, and tremendous love story, this is a 10 star movie.
0446677450|3.0|There are a number of points in this book that are interesting, but a major aspect is overlooked.  The fact that a number of Americans simply don't have the luxury of following the hints and advice that are contained in here.<br />A large percentage of America is comprised of people who are barely making ends meet.  These people don't have the ability to put money away, in any form, for a chance to make it big.  The reasons are numerous, but the biggest problem is that they aren't afforded the chance to advance or get into something that would allow it.<br />Take, for example, the veteran.  Here is a person who has accumulated a vast amount of experience in a career path - let's say management.  A veteran with 7 years personnel management in the army is not considered management material by very many places at all.  And, if this person never had the time or opportunity to obtain a degree, they are stuck in a rut that will not allow them a way out.  They apply for positions which they should be qualified for, because of their experience, only to be told that they don't have the proper education.  When they try for a lower position that doesn't require the education, they are told that they're overqualified.<br />As I said, there are a number of valid points presented in this book.  However, they are points which can only be used by a small percentage of people who can afford the opportunity to take advantage of them, and not the vast numbers who need the chance to get ahead.
006092988X|5.0|I had to read this book for Battle of the Books and I was not looking foward to it, but I'm glad that I had to read it because I would have missed out on one heck of a story! This book is about a girl, Francie, and her growing up in a town called Brooklyn. It talks about her as a little baby and the troubles she went through (such as being a sickly little baby and having a younger brother that was liked more than she was) and it talks about her and her growing into a woman and the things she wants and the things that she has to do, the jobs that she has and her troubles with college ( i.e. getting in since she did not graduate from high school) and, to me the most important, how her family pulls together in hard times (like when there is hardly any food, how they pay bills and how they keep money) This book is truley a great book to read on a &quot;fire escape and looking out onto a tree&quot;. Don't waste your time, hurry up and enjoy this book because, believe me, it is totally worth your time.
6305265488|4.0|WOW, a lot of people have already reviewed this film! It must really be popular. And by the way, thanks to Sean Ares Hirsch's review for helping me to remember this line (title)! I knew there was a really funny one in there somewhere, and I couldn't think of it, but next thing I know I'm reading your review and I saw it. There you go. Anyway, I thought this movie was great. I liked the interaction between the characters and how it really was kind of a &quot;girl power&quot; movie.  If you want an unconventional spin on a traditional fairy tale, Ever After is the way to go.
0792837614|5.0|&quot;West Side Story&quot; is the brilliant adaption of Shakespeare's &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; set in 1960s New York City, sans gangs, fights, and tremendous rivalry.<br />The story itself is great and the acting superb, but what really makes this movie worthwhile are the snappy songs and phenomenally choreographed dance numbers. No one could resist tapping their feet along to the upbeat, exciting &quot;Mambo,&quot; the hilarious and catchy &quot;America,&quot; or the terrifically entertaining &quot;Cool&quot; (and who could forget &quot;Gee, Officer Krupke&quot;?). The only thing that gets a bit tedious are the love songs--I get a little tired of seeing Tony (Richard Beymer) and Maria (Natalie Wood) confess their undying love with sappy songs (though &quot;Tonight&quot; is a gem).<br />The performances are absolutely outstanding--Richard Beymer's Tony was great, Natalie Wood's Maria was extraordinary, particularly near the end, and George Chakiris's Bernardo was cool, calm, and collected (but also despicable at times). The real standout, however, was Rita Moreno's Anita, energetic and jazzy throughout the whole film.<br />See this movie--if not for the acting or storyline, then for the songs and dances. The best musical I have ever seen, no questions asked.<br />Now...MAMBO! ;)
0790742780|4.0|Maybe I'm sick, but I sometimes feel like D-Fens.<br />In a world where there's just too much happening the wrong way, the hero of this movie starts unravelling. He abandons his car and violently tours LA on foot. He's completely broken, and I found myself watching with increasing <br />The movie resolves to an unfortunate end. Maybe people who are healthier than I am don't identify with this protagonist, but I do. And those feelings make the character's end controversial.<br />As a screenplay, this is a wonderful movie. There are interesting subtleties that I enjoy finding and examining each time I watch.<br />I found the sound quality to be pretty good, though it was rather flat--this isn't the right DVD to show off your surround sound system. The picture is acceptable; many sbutly lit scenes have grainy artifacts that are a bit distracting from the scene details.
B00004R99M|5.0|It had been many a long year since I last saw Mary Poppins, but now, thanks to three little `uns who are all hooked, I've managed to relive my childhood once again. <br />This is a timeless movie. The songs are classic, the dancing is entertaining, particularly when penguins are involved and Mary Poppins' magical powers never fail to amaze my children. Who wouldn't like a carpetbag like hers?<br />The favourite song of the movie is \\"Step In Time\\" performed on the rooftops of London by the ensemble of chimney sweeps. At the start of the song it's all hands on deck in my household, as we all have to get up and dance furiously to Dick Van Dyke's instructions (a hilarious sight when a twenty month old is involved).<br />This is sure to be a hit with kids of all ages as indeed, it has proven for over 36 years.
0385495323|5.0|Kudos to Singh-he wrote an excellent, relatively short book on what could be an incredibly confusing topic.  There isn't too much math here, which can make the topic more difficult to understand.  I'll admit, the last chapter is confusing (hey, it's on quantum theory, give the guy a break), but the writing style is superior to anything else that I've read on the subject (far better written, shorter, and more modern than David Kahn's 1100 page monolith).  Definitely read this book.
B00005B1EX|4.0|If you enjoy Halford the solo act, Judas Priest, or simply heavy metal in general, you scarcely could go wrong by buying this release.  The collection of songs includes a lot of things by Rob that I'd simply never heard before, and it's given me a new appreciation for truly well-done metal.  Among the highlights are crushing renditions of two very early Priest tunes, &quot;Stained Class&quot; and &quot;Sad Wings,&quot; both of which sound contemporary and far more musically adventurous than the majority of metal in 2001.  Not everything in this collection is a gem, but even the lower points are high enough--after nearly two hours of metal you'll wish there was even more.<br />On a related note, Halford the band has certainly proven its worth, and the new Priest album is their best in a decade, at least.  With these separate entities both producing great metal, let's hope that they *don't* get back together.
B0000214F3|5.0|This movie, although long, was very good. The end brought tears to my eyes, and I couldn't get my thoughts off the subject of death for the rest of the day, because this movie brought up new aspects of the topic to think about. Brad Pitt is as good as anyone could be on playing the character of Death, which is a slightly controversial role. It's all a matter of opinion, how you play it, and Pitt's interpretation seems to be telling people that there's nothing to be afraid of while at the same time exercising his power over the mortal race. Excellent film.
B000007NZ5|2.0|Yeah, I've heard all the complaining about '80/90's Sabbath before - and you all are reading about it in many of these reviews.  Sure, Tony Iommi probably should have tried on a new band name for size somewhere around '82 (when Dio left).  But let's all forget about slagging the name Sabbath (without Ozzy, of course) and just focus on the album's content.  Nothing on Headless Cross is particularly inspiring, although the opener &quot;Gates of Hell&quot; is a gloomy instrumental which brings to mind &quot;E5150&quot; from Mob Rules.  Then onto the title track which is fairly forceful with a trademark Cozy Powell beat driving the song.  &quot;Devil and Daughter&quot; is probably my favorite Tony Martin-era tune, and it would be cool to here an updated version with better production.  And yes, &quot;When Death Calls&quot; does rock around another menacing riff.  But side two is mostly dreck, and I really can't take &quot;Kill in the Spirit World&quot; or &quot;Black Moon&quot; very well at all.  These songs are too straight-forward and offer little in the way of distinction from one another.  OK, it looks like I'm jumping on the diss Iommi bandwagon, but you can't blame the man for wanting to continue to play.  He's still a great guitarist in need of some (or quite a bit of) inspiration.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|This is good war movie. If you like war or disaster movies Buy This!
0553208845|5.0|This voyage through the life of Siddartha is a fascinating and complex work.  Hesse takes the reader through the choices that comprise the life of Siddartha, a young Indian man seeking peace.  Siddartha will only make choices that are is own.  As quoted in the book, Wisdom is not communicable.  Even if his father or Gotama the Buddha has previously learned the lessons he is seeking to know they cannot simply communicate that wisdom to him, he must carve his own path.<br />First Siddartha leaves his father to live an ascetic life, later he looks to hear the wisdom of Gotama who has achieved Nirvana or in other words found peace and truth.  He spends time learning about the life of physical lusts.  He finds Kamala to teach him about love and begins to eat fine food and wear expensive apparel.  This cannot satisfy him and he leaves this life to help a old man Vasudeva ferry travelers across a river.<br />Eventually he finds that he has a son with Kamala and this son follows in his footsteps by leaving on his own path.  His son cannot handle the simple life of Siddartha and returns to the life he knew with his mother Kamala.  Through all of these experiences, I believe that Siddartha learned the greatest lesson of life and achieved what he was searching for.  It is unfortunate I cannot understand completely what he is trying to communicate to me, because it is wisdom.  However I was moved by what he had to say and I believe you will be affected profoundly as well.  So read the book, it is a 3 hour read and a very pleasant one at that.
6302877849|3.0|The second of the Mad Max trilogy, The Road Warrior, has some of the most exciting chase sequences ever filmed, but as a story, it lacks the intensity of the first film in the series. Perhaps this was inevitable - the first film ended with the background and character of Max established, with his world destroyed. The Road Warrior stays true to the first film in that there are no radical departures in setting and tone - but there are no great surprises and an air of predictability hangs over the film. The action is almost non-stop and very impressively filmed. It does leave the feeling that there's not much else to offer apart from the action, while some of the characters, such as the Gyro Captain and Humungous, seem overly cartoonish and detract from the dramatic impact that the film tried to maintain throughout. A rare quiet moment between Max and the Feral Kid, a small boy who clearly had lived all his short life in the post apocalyptic world, was the highlight of the film for me; Max clearly saw something of his own son, killed in the first film, in the Feral Kid. More of these moments, to offset the relentless action sequences, would have made the Road Warrior a better all-round movie. Although a brief recap of the first film is included in this movie's opening minutes, I'd still recommend that the original Mad Max is viewed before the Road Warrior.
B00005MAM2|5.0|A benchmark in animation and content, \\"Akira\\" is a science fiction production about a Neo-Tokyo teenager in the year 2019 who threatens to repeat an apocalyptic event that destroyed the metropolis thirty years earlier.  Tetsuo, a troubled motorcycle-gang member with an inferiority complex, crosses paths with a mysterious child from an ultra-secret government project code named Akira.  The encounter awakens Tetsuo to a force of biblical proportions, enticing him to uncover the secret of the government's program and cause mass destruction along the way.      There are numerous other characters in this story, but the major players are Kaneda, Kei, the Colonel, and the three children of the project.  Kaneda is Tetsuo's older friend and fellow gang-member who eventually confronts Tetsuo in a climatic battle.  Kei is the terrorist, drawing Kaneda's attention and presence into her plot to uncover the secrets of Akira. The Colonel is the commander of the project, and the only member of the government's executive council who understands the dangers of Akira.  Then there are the three children of the project who pool their gifts in an effort to stop Tetsuo from unleashing the destructive powers that have been kept in check for the past thirty years.    Written and directed by Katsuhiro Otomo, Akira is presented in animation of amazing detail and style, rivaled only by some of Hayao Miyazaki's features and Mamoru Oshi's \\"Ghost in the Shell.\\"  Even more remarkable is the absence of computer animation, with exception of a few minor scenes, and the film done entirely by animators.  It's a staggering accomplishment, particularly when viewing the documentary feature on the second disk of the special edition package.   I've watched numerous American productions and none of them come close to the animation quality of this film.  The special edition features a new English dub production more loyal to the original Japanese script, painstakingly matched up with the oral movements of thecharacters' mouths (there's that kind of detail in this film), although arguably less entertaining than the original English dub.      The twin disk edition comes in an attractive tin container and features beautifully restored imagery.  There are still some imperfections that show up on the screen, but it far surpasses my old deteriorated VHS copy that I'm sure other Akira fans have had to tolerate up to now.  This is a \\"must-have\\" for Akira fans.  The film is geared for young adults, but many adult animation enthusiasts will find this an entertaining feature, but I do not recommend this for children due to several violent scenes, the film's graphic nature, and some brief nudity.
0380729407|5.0|This is probably one of the best written books of all time. Almost poetic in it's prose it carries you through the eyes of two young boys who witness the arrival of the dark carnival and the horrors that it brings. It is a real &quot;good versus evil&quot; yarn but with much more magic, suspense, imagination and atmosphere then most of it's rivals. I have read it many times over and will undoubtedly do so again.  The ending is surprisingly uplifting. There is much more to this book than just a story!
B00005B36H|5.0|Take this one out of your tool chest and play it, LOUDLY!  This Alternative/Progessive/What-Have-You stands in a class of its own-first class.  The instrumentation and arrangements are a nice change from some of the other new stuff available today. <br />This is definitely Tool. Buy it!
B000002MQ9|5.0|Within The Realm of a Dying Sun is probably one of my most listened-to albums. It's great to relax, snooze, meditate, or just plain chill out to. If you did Goth Rock, Glam Rock, Gregorian Chant, Ethereal/Ambient Electronica, or religious music, you will DEFINITELY enjoy this c.d.; DCD at their finest hour.
B00005N5S5|5.0|Thank you for finally giving this movie the audio remaster it deserves.For years I put up with the crappy mono sound,now to watch this new special edition remaster will be a whole new experience.DVD RULES!
B000002B7M|5.0|How do I say this? Ozzy Osbourne and Randy Rhoads are both either THE best or tied for best in my opinion in their respective fields. Blizzard of Ozz is just a masterpiece. Starting with 'I Don't Know' and continuing with classics like 'Crazy Train', 'Goodbye to Romance', 'Dee', 'Mr. Crowley', and 'Steal Away (The Night)' this CD is just a showcase of awesome musical talent. ANY person who likes metal or death metal should at LEAST download some of the songs so you can all see what could've possibly been the fore-runner of Korn, Staind, Taproot, etc.
B000000993|5.0|What else do I need to say? Nothing.
0446393630|4.0|The first volume of the Sandman series is definitly haunting, and intriguing, especially for a first time reader. But as stated by so many people (including Gaiman himself), this book is generally regarded as the weakest book of the series, and is basically a set-up for the rest of this incredible series. Sam Keith's art is lacking, and the art in the latter half of the book improved tenfold from Keith's work. Nevertheless, it's a great, easy, intriguing read.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I bought this soundtrack on impulse. Wanted so much to wait until all the frenzy ceases. But found that perhaps my feelings and legitimate &quot;lust&quot; for the music for Baz's latest epic remake of French social revolution at the Moulin Rouge are beyond the control of me. Heard songs (hits, rather) like Come What May, Your Song (Elton John) and (of course) LADY MARMALADE on the radio and all over Singapore, and I thought I really should make these gems part of my music collection. It's interesting how little effort the crew and music team put in to come out with a soundtrack that far exceeds previous mammoth successes like Titanic, Pearl Habor and even The Land Before Time. Insuperable collaborations with music masters and think tanks of remake-wizards: The MOULIN ROUGE! soundtrack has relived every scene of the movie and of course the original essence of the notorious French nightclub of the 1900s. El Tango De Roxanne came as quite a nice surprise for its distinctively Spanish touch despite Moulin Rouge's French-English (and oh yes, Bohemian) setting. The performers are also blowing, Ewan has a shockingly powerful and choral voice (should have made a better solo artist!), while Kidman appalled me with her wide range (Hindi Sad Diamonds). The only regret is that the soundtrack does not have lyrics included, and that's quite a fair bit of injustice done to a musical-soundtrack. If you are looking for crazy remakes of cute songs like Like A Virgin, Spectacular Spectacular (Can Can Dance) and The Show Must Go On, you might be disappointed as they are not included in the CD.
0060392886|5.0|This is one amazing book that not only fans of the band should read, but all people interested in music and sleazy Hollywood tales that comes with the territory. It is hard to top the cast of the Crue compromising the the wild characters Lee, Sixx, Mars &amp; Neil. This book gives you all the wild stories of rock, sex and drugs you'd like and also some revealing insights on the personalities behind it. Motley Crue's debauchery is right up there with Led Zeppelin, Ozzy and Aerosmith---good company ahh?
B00003CXZ4|5.0|... if only for the scene when he's in the bathroom, holding the bottle, and trying to remember if he's supposed to be drunk or not. It was moments like that that made this film something above the usual noir thriller. I'll admit, I got lost a little in the middle when the story starts to twist and turn, but it never lost my attention for a second.
B00005M989|2.0|I'll start by saying I am a huge Prince fan and supporter. This is a &quot;collection&quot; of his hits. Um well Prince has a lot of hits, so how can they just have it on one cd? One answer: they cant. This is to me, a waste of time. You can get all these songs (except Money Don't Matter 2Night) on either THE HITS/THE BSIDES or on THE HITS 1 and THE HITS 2 (on HITS 1 and HITS 2 not all these hits are on each, but on both cds). This is so disapointing, especially for long time fans. If you are a long time fan the only reason I could see to want this is collectors or something, because fans have most of his albums and it's just a better deal to get THE HITS 1 and THE HITS 2 or THE HITS/THE BSIDES. Don't waste your money on this (unless you want to) just get the cds listed above, for a more complete Prince greatest hits collection.
B00004YM0D|5.0|honestly, I don't know why. I am a fan of mostly R&amp;B and pop, definatly not oldies! This CD spoke to me! I completly and totally recomend it!
B00004TRD8|5.0|Ah! The sequal to a fine film. usually sequals are never as good as the original but this film is great! They said this was what The Terminator would have been with a bigger bugdet but the 1st film had a love story to keep it going. This film does not have that so it hardly ever slows down (which is'nt not a bad thing). Add to that a huge collection of extras like great audio commentary and documenteries and you have a quality DVD. This is what all DVDs should be like; a good film with loads of extras. Sound and picture are also at a high quality.
0441172717|5.0|If you have never read Dune, then use it as your gateway to the genre of Speculative Fiction.  Once you pass through these portals you will never turn back, and you will never want to.  Dune was one of the first SF novels I ever read and I can still remember it like a first kiss.
B00003CY5K|5.0|This movie is excellent and fun to watch.<br />You will leave thinking about the movie for many days and will probably want to see it again or buy it on DVD when available.<br />I would highly recommend this movie if you want to see a good comedy.
B00000294R|5.0|I never wrote a review or anything like this...and this is for more than just this one album.  I gotta review the man himself.  If you from the NY/NJ area, then you know Stretch Armstrong kept you up at night waitin on his radio show 89 tek 9 (89.9).  If you REALLY wanna know a lil about Big L's skills, catch him trade a verse or two with Jay Z on Stretch's show in 1995...you aint gettin that at the mall in the suburbs, bebe! I was down prison when I heard bout Tupac, Biggie and then about Big L...I guess some of us shine too bright to stay on this lil planet long, huh?
B00003CY3W|4.0|I am not familiar with the comic strip at all but my boyfriend pushed to see this film. Since I am a huge Steve Buscemi fan I agreed. I crossed my fingers hoping that this was not going to be your ususal teenager coming of age film and in that respect it most certainly was not.<br />Initially, I was very intrigued by the main caharacter Enid (Thora Birch) who is a typical jaded, cynical teenager who's only motivation is to get the hell out of high school and get on with her life. The only problem is, what to do exactly. Enid is a complicated character who is on the outside of typical high-school society wearing thrift-shop clothing, sketching in her journal and has a penchant for East Indian 60's flims with rock music dance scenes (much like what you find on cable in the wee hours of Sunday mornings). She and her friend constantly observe stranger's foibles and often poke fun at them, even at the expense of the other persons feelings. Enter Steve Buscemi (Seymour).<br />...Overall the performances were very good as well as the basic story line. I just was left wanting a little bit more.
B00003CXAT|5.0|Because everyone covers the special effects, I will cover what goes wrong. The story is established in the beginning as an employee of the dino park is not satisfied with his pay, so he sets himself up with another company who pays the employee to steal some of the dino embryos and smuggle them out of the park. To escape the island the turncoat employee played by Wayne Knight shuts down the entire parks systems, phones, lights, computers, and the electric fences keeping the dinosaurs at bay! Which in Knights escape off of the island with the embryos, he meets some of the dinos he released. Meanwhile, the main characters in the story run into some escaped dinosaurs, such as the amazingly huge T-Rex and the pack hunting Raptors. As for the DVD features, they are rather original, such as the original claymation concepts for the raptors and the studio idea table with animators, all ending with a 60 minute documentary.
B00000294R|5.0|I never wrote a review or anything like this...and this is for more than just this one album.  I gotta review the man himself.  If you from the NY/NJ area, then you know Stretch Armstrong kept you up at night waitin on his radio show 89 tek 9 (89.9).  If you REALLY wanna know a lil about Big L's skills, catch him trade a verse or two with Jay Z on Stretch's show in 1995...you aint gettin that at the mall in the suburbs, bebe! I was down prison when I heard bout Tupac, Biggie and then about Big L...I guess some of us shine too bright to stay on this lil planet long, huh?
B00003652Q|5.0|.... Script for a Jester's Tear was the most notable forerunner of the neo-prog development.<br />Often derisively referred to as \\"prog-lite,\\" neo-prog was much more rich and melodic than your average rock music, but not quite the ostentatious extravaganzas that Yes and Genesis were producing in their heyday. The focus on emotionally deep or insightful lyrics and intricate, dynamic, and theatrical pieces of music were common qualities, I'd say. To me, \\"Script for a Jester&#8217;s Tear,\\" this album's title track, is the definitive neo-prog song. Beginning with an ominous intro consisting of just piano and voice, it then proceeds to move through different tones and movements like a prog epic. A bouncy synth line falls into a moment of emotional desperation, conveyed oh so well by Steve Rothery's marvelous guitar. After a delicate and solemn passage, the emotional climax hits like a ton of bricks, with Fish's emotion-packed query \\"Can you still say you love me?\\" atop a layer of cool synths and harpsichords carrying the song to the end.<br />The song is absolutely outstanding...my meager words can't do it justice. It encapsulates everything that was great about Marillion w/Fish. Fish's ability as a wordsmith and poet would put just about any \\"real\\" poet to shame. Rothery's guitar sings with all the emotion of, well, a singer! His heartbreaking solos and even just his perfect sense of atmosphere make him one of the best guitarists alive.  ....Mark Kelly, on keyboards, couldn't floor you with a solo like Rick Wakeman, but he new how to create an added level of emotion with simple subtleties. Marillion,be it with Fish or Hogarth (I'm a big fan of both), was never a band about showing off...it was about beauty in music, emotional contact, and memorable songs.<br />The other songs are all excellent, not quite as good as the title track, but \\"Chelsea Monday\\" and \\"Forgotten Sons\\" are pretty close. The end of \\"Forgotten Sons\\" is stunning, especially. The songwriting has held up remarkably after all these years, which is a sign of great music. The production is dated though, even with the remaster...some high notes are a bit harsh, and the drums are obnoxiously loud in the mix (snare drums shouldn't sound like that). Nonetheless, given the quality of the music and the time this was recorded, the production inadequacies can be forgiven.<br />This remastered edition is especially great because it features the Fish-Marillion's epic, \\"Grendel.\\" It's a 20 minutes piece, and tends to remind one of a bit of \\"Supper's Ready.\\" Originally found as a b-side of Market Square Heroes, this important song sits alongside other rarities, like \\"Charting the Single\\" and \\"Three Boats Down from the Candy.\\" The bonus disc is great, all in all, and important for a more complete understanding of this great band.remarkably after all these years, which is a sign of great music. The production is dated though, even with the remaster...some high notes are a bit harsh, and the drums are obnoxiously loud in the mix (snare drums shouldn't sound like that). Nonetheless, given the quality of the music and the time this was recorded, the production inadequacies can be forgiven. <br />This remastered edition is especially great because it features the Fish-Marillion's epic, \\"Grendel.\\" It's a 20 minutes piece, and tends to remind one of a bit of \\"Supper's Ready.\\" Originally found as a b-side of Market Square Heroes, this important song sits alongside other rarities, like \\"Charting the Single\\" and \\"Three Boats Down from the Candy.\\" The bonus disc is great, all in all, and important for a more complete understanding of this great band.
B00002E233|3.0|The major star of this movie is Samual Jackson, who plays the new guy to the underwater lab (located 100s of miles offshore) where the sharks are advanced for their healing abilities. Eventually he notices that the sharks are getting too smart to remain under control of the scientists and handlers. Then the sharks get their chance to prove it during a topical storm, which disables everything in the lab, including their way of getting out and off of the lab. This is not a stereotypical Jaws movie, because it takes place all indoors or underwater, the special effects are sometimes gruesome, and the fact that now the sharks are smarter so they hunt the cast rather than randomly attacking. Not exactly the original Jaws, but more thrilling, and more technical knowledge about sharks. Plus tons of DVD features, this is what DVD is all about.
B00005BJPO|3.0|Waiting all these years for Akira to get rereleased was a pain,but when they give it to us....they kill it. The picture is amazing,it has never looked so sharp...But these voices lack so much emotion its not even funny..and my 3 fav lines were cut!! - &quot;Nice ridein' Tetsuo&quot; and &quot;Scum Bag!&quot; &quot;How about we get lost and have a few laughs...If Pioneer really cared,they would have given us the option of wich English Dub we want..this one lacks emotion. I want the original!!
B000002KHH|5.0|Once you buy this album, you'll be glad you did!<br />Although the music isn't complex, the lyrics aren't amazing, and the scene isn't that exciting, you'll still  be glad you listened to it. All the metal bands that followed took some influences from Sabbath, and this album is no exception. Danzig, for example, does a cover of Hand of Doom. The songs themselves are great. The only drawback is that the CD is really short, barely 45 minutes I think. No, the songs aren't intense, but they are fun to listen to. Song reviews:<br />War Pigs: Ozzy's best vocals - 100\100 <BR> Paranoid: A classic, made in 15 mins! 95\100 <BR> Planet Caravan: Soothing, but not metal 85\100 <BR> IronMan: Another classic, awesome riffs, 100\100 <BR> Electric Funeral: Nice blues part at the end 85\100 <BR> Hand Of Doom: Nice bass 'solo'! 90\100 <BR> Rat Salad: 40 second DRUM solo! 90\100 <BR> Fairies Wear Boots: Probably the heaviest song 100\100
B00003CXDZ|1.0|It was the worse film I saw this year. I walked out. It was very difficult to watch.
0070511136|5.0|This book was an optional text for a college level course on &quot;Personal Professional Selling&quot;.<br />Rackham does a fine job of dispelling the myth of the 1920's straw hat tactics used by the lounge-lizard sales forces.<br />I am in direct, in-home consumer sales and this book has helped me refocus my questioning technique to a finer art. Now my qualified customers are more likely to go with me simply because I've uncovered their Problems and used Implication questions and finally gave them a few Need-Payoff questions.<br />Along with Rackham's book, I think you'll enjoy _The Confidence Course_ which is a book that helps you overcome your anxieties and this has helped me in selling. A sales person who cannot prospect is not much of a sales rep at all!<br />Finally I highly recommend this book and it's compaion volume _SPIN Selling Fieldbook_ by Rackham as it will help you develop the questions you need to be asking your customers and prospects.<br />Put down the Ziglar and Hopkins books and pick up the NEW generation of Sales books!
B00001W9G0|5.0|The movie of THE WAY WE WERE harkens back to a time when screen romance still existed.  Streisand was never better on the screen. She deserved the Oscar for her heartbreaking performance as Katie, and Redford has never been more romantic.  There hasn't been a screen romance like it since.  And everyone who loved the movie in 1973 longs for the days when movies seemed full of dreams and romance.
B000005ILF|3.0|Being a huge fan of Sting, his last few albums have been a little disappointing in some regards.  When Sting was being himself, he made great music with The Police, and on his first three solo albums.  However, it seems that after the slight commercial disappointment that came with _The Soul Cages_, and the buzz in the media that he was too depressing and pretentious, Sting started to become more mainstream.  So, since _Ten Summoner's Tales_, Sting's albums, for me, have been hit or miss.  None have matched the glory of his first three (admittedly a very hard task), but the man does still have the ability to write truly great songs.  The album starts off promisingly enough with the lush and somber, &quot;The Hounds of Winter&quot;, and the quirky &quot;I Hung My Head&quot;.  But &quot;Let Your Soul...&quot; sounded better live in concert than here where it comes off as a pretty &quot;soul-less&quot; soul song.  Sting hits his stride again on &quot;I'm So Happy I Can't Stop Crying&quot;, and &quot;You Still Touch Me&quot; is one of his better later day &quot;mainstream pop&quot; songs, but the rest of the album is pretty middle of the road.  It should be noted that I enjoyed the material on this album a lot better when I saw Sting perform it live on the Mercury Falling Tour.  Fans of all of Sting's work for the most part will like _Mercury Falling_, fans of Sting's early solo work and his work with The Police will be disappointed.
B00003CXRM|2.0|I am a fan of previous Coen brother films.  Thought I would enjoy this one - wrong.  Had to stop the film half way (which I rarely do) because it was too drawn-out and boring.
B00003CXRP|1.0|Tom Hanks is wonderful as always, but this is one of the worst movie scripts ever written. Nothing happens! Everything that kind of happens is trite and predictable. There was a lot of potential here, but they just wasted it on a crappy script. I also could have done with a few less shots of the stupid FedEx logo.
B00004YW6I|1.0|ok. i have been a fan of pj's since her 1992 debut 'Dry'. amidst the banal, contrived landscape of the 'music industry', i always thought that i could count on polly to create innovative and inspiring works of art. i was wrong. this latest offering is more than a disappointment, it is truly a tragedy. i have been skimming through the reviews of this album and i can't BELIEVE all the 4 &amp; 5 star reviews it is receiving. i can't believe that any true fan of polly's former works could endorse or revere this album. the lyrical content is juvenile and cliched at best and the music atrociously over-produced and uninspiring. don't get me wrong, i have no problem whatsoever when a musician decides to alter their direction. i think that is a good, healthy thing and polly has done it before brilliantly. from the naked, manic guitar hooks on 'dry' to the primal wail of 'rid of me' &amp; '4-track demos' to the sexy flamenco stylings of 'to bring you my love' and the warped delve into electronics on 'is this desire?'. unfortunately, the raw edge of polly's former works is completely absent here. as another reviewer mentioned, certain songs sound as though they came from the mouth of a lilith fair (or shall i say 'gash fest'!) headliner. it is hard to comprehend that the same woman who once wrenched at my guts with such lines as:<br />&quot;and i deserve it, i asked you for it, have to admit it, we dress like targets. ya i deserve it, give me no leeway, i'll give you 5 dollars you can call me devil's gateway&quot; -EASY from '4-track demos'<br />is now writing lines as passive and useless as: &quot;we'll float and take life as it comes&quot; -WE FLOAT to be found on this album<br />it sounds like something jewel or alanis morisette might have written (or any mediocrity for that matter). i hope that on her next offering polly gets off the prozac and gets real. she has such potential.
B00003CWL6|5.0|It is full of brilliant moments that make you feel in the middle of joke!
B00003CX5P|4.0|I love and grew up enjoying the Star Wars Trilogy/saga.  I cannot wait for Episode II to release next May.  I am disappointed however in the needless characters that have been added into the films to try and make it more comedic and appealing to the younger kids, with asinine characters like the Ewoks in \\"Return\\" and Jar Jar in \\"Phantom.\\"  ....
0783117388|5.0|I laugh everytime that I look at those videos. Carrie, Miranda and Caroline are a scream, and Samantha is just one helluva woman.<br />I love that they're not young 20somethings but women like you and me who have through the same grief of finding that Prince Charming out of the many toads. (Althought they seem to have a lot to choose from)<br />A great laugh!
B000002UKS|5.0|I have owned this album for about 2 years, and have really liked it every time I have listened to it.  But last weekend, I listened to it during a long car ride, and found myself being moved like I have rarely been by any album.  Before, I listened mainly to the music, which I found to be great, straight ahead rock and roll at it's best.  But for some reason I had never really paid much attention to the lyrics.  I mean, I had listened to them, but never really thought about them.  Well, for some reason, on this trip I started listening to them in depth for the first time.  By the end of the CD I had been angry, depressed, sad nearly to the point of tears, hopeful, elated, and by the time New Way Home ended, optomistic and almost certain that no matter what happens, &quot;I'm not scared.&quot;  Dave Grohl really poured his heart and soul into this album.  You can palpably feel the pain, uncertainty, and loss he was feeling about his divorce.  But you also feel all the joy of even a temporary reconciliation, and finally the release of knowing that he's going to be OK.  The Colour and the Shape is a powerful, moving, bone-crunching, but incredibly beautiful album.  It is, and deserves to be recognized as, one of the best albums that was released in the 1990s.
0140544518|5.0|Finally the truth comes out that the wolf wasn't the bad guy that the pigs made him out to be.  What could cause a nice wolf like Al to go after the pigs?  Read this and find out.<br />This book is so funny. Scieszka is a fantastic storyteller. This is a book for kids and adults with the hart of kids that never really grew up,and that qualifiles me. *LOL*<br />This book can be used to teach kids lessons that deal with Point of View of one character.  I plan to use use this book in my classroom when I start teaching.<br />I can't say enough good things about this book.  Scieszka is a fantasctic author. I have several of his books.  I highly suggest  he is added to your children's library. You won't be sorry.
B00003CX5P|5.0|The first time I viewed The Phantom Menace, I must admit I did not like it very much. Like alot of people, I thought the characters were stale and Jar Jar was stupid and that the film od'd itself on computer graphics and by the end, I didn't care what the hell happened I just wanted to go home. Now mind you, I am not the biggest Star Wars fan but I do love all of the movies, have most of the old toys and love it when my nephew can quote a line or tell me the relations between the characters. Once this film was released on video (widescreen), something weird happened. Everything flowed alot better. Perhaps it was because there not claustrophobia from the hundreds occupying the theater, or I could finally hear the dialogue crystal clear, as opposed to the new and improved theater sounds, but this film was incredibaly entertaining and while I can still see some of my earlier points come up, I also know that once the series is done, I don't think people will bag on this film much. I think people are bagging on this the way they first ripped apart Back to the Future 2, until the series was complete and now it seems to be everyone's favorite. Sure some of the acting is wooden, but this film isn't supposed to be the involving story of Luke discovering his manhood and his place in the universe, but rather a political film about the unraveling of the galaxy and how everything is beginning to hit the fan. If you still can not understand Jar Jar, here's an idea... closed caption and just think his species has to die, because he or they are not in the last films. Afterwards, I rubbed my head thinking something was wrong with me--was this the same film that I bagged on when it arrived in the theaters? It was and yet everything was clearer than before--and the visuals were not in my face, but rather atmospheric on the television screen. Please, dear people--don't bag too hard because when the series is over, I'm sure you will like this one as well. .... So far this whole series was very good and I can not wait to see this epic completed--and I am not even a huge Star Wars fan but I do like to see credit where credit is due. However, I do have something to say to George Lucas about the Phantom Menace--the only reason why the Sand people shooting at the pods is funny is because we have seen A NEW HOPE--however, years from now when the series is done and kids want to watch it, it will be very hard to just start at EPISODE 1--because the injokes simply will not resonate and they may be forced to track backwards anyway. Next summer we will all see how this saga continues and until then, MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU. Cheesy, I know--but what are you going to do? :)as very good and I can not wait to see this epic completed--and I am not even a huge Star Wars fan but I do like to see credit where credit is due. However, I do have something to say to George Lucas about the Phantom Menace--the only reason why the Sand people shooting at the pods is funny is because we have seen A NEW HOPE--however, years from now when the series is done and kids want to watch it, it will be very hard to just start at EPISODE 1--because the injokes simply will not resonate and they may be forced to track backwards anyway. Next summer we will all see how this saga continues and until then, MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU. Cheesy, I know--but what are you going to do? :)
0316776963|5.0|This was a great read.  I sat reading laughing out loud enough to annoy my TV watching family.
6303109950|5.0|Kurt Russell may get top billing, and in fairness his performance is solid. In fact, most of the cast offer above average performances, with few if any exceptions.  Head and shoulders above the rest is Val Kilmer, who brings a level of flamboyancy to the character of Doc Holliday that makes him immediately likeable, not to mention a sharp contrast to the typically reserved characters of the Earp brothers.  Val Kilmer's Doc Holliday would have loved Las Vegas.<br />The film itself offers a re-telling of the classic gunfight at the OK Corral, and the events preceding and following it.  Naturally, the film's portrayal is very sympathetic to the Earp partisans.  <br />The gunfight sequences are well done, the film is paced well, and while the plot offers no big surprises, it uses the classic Western movie template with skill, even working in a romance sub-plot to appeal to the women in the modern audience.  <br />Kilmer's portrayal of Holliday is worth the price of admission alone, but the fact is that a talented cast and a good picture stand behind him as well.  Destined to be one of the great modern Western movies.
B000002L9J|5.0|I've only owned this album for a week, the first Smiths album I've ever listened to, and it has grabbed me with such force that I've become evangelical about it. It is a wonderful piece of music, matching superb tunes (catchy and exquisite at the same time) with hilarious and important lyrics.<br />I read in Q magazine that at the time of the Smiths in the 1980s someone said that, in twenty years time, they'd be compared to the Beatles. Well, here we are twenty years on, and they aren't. But while the Beatles have gone on to be pop music's Shakespeare - the unchallengable god, quoted and known everywhere - the Smiths are the Keats or Byron: that is, a highly respected and loved group, romantic and death-obsessed, with a smaller canon of work and with a greatness only a rank or two below the Untouchables on Mount Olympus. But you understand the Beatles comparison: a British foursome writing intelligent, socially observant but occasionally mockingly funny songs, in the Beatles traditional (also Queen and Syd Barrett come to mind: camp, surreal nonsense especially on Vicar in a Tutu and Frankly Mr Shankley). Like those other artists, though, they have the import to carry it off to a level away from campness and nursery rhyme-esque silliness - Frankly Mr Shankley, for instance, is a very funny song of unemployment and never-to-be-realised ambitions.<br />Don't have any qualms about buying this album - I can't imagine anyone who won't love it. The songs are basically pop or soft rock songs, but ratchetted up a notch or three by the lyrics, the style of singing, and the beauty with which the instruments are utilised. Almost every song opens with a pop tune you might expect to carry on for the next four minutes, but they aren't as simple as that: the tune always develops to go to a higher artistic plane, and that is their secret. Just the way Morrissey says a few things - &quot;dressed in your muther's bridal veil&quot;, &quot;the mentally ill&quot;, &quot;handsome groom,give her room&quot; - is enough to make me laugh or shiver with delight . . . he undulates his voice with a lyrical beauty that is unique. Certain lines stay with you as expressions of teenage worries about sexuality - &quot;another climb into an empty bed, oh well, enough said&quot; is surely every teenager's maxim.<br />On the social side, this album recorded in &quot;England, Winter 1985&quot; is a masterpiece of social discontent. This is what Thatcher was doing to the whole of Britain: &quot;dear old Blighty&quot; is mocked to high heaven by Morrissey's stark portrayal of a country in the grips of the &quot;dole age&quot;, expressed through his almost apologetic republicanism (&quot;her very Lowness with her head in a sling, I'm truly sorry but it sounds like a wonderful thing&quot;) and open-mindedness on a new morality (homosexuality, transvestism). Just like the Romantic poets they followed in so many ways, the Smiths' republicanism was brilliant and sadly doomed, but for those still living here it gives us pleasure and hope.<br />There's nothing more to say about this album - buy this and love it!
6303942830|5.0|With acting that is superb by Daniel Day-Lewis and Madeleine Stowe the history of the French and Indian war comes to life. There is foreshadowing of the American Revolution to come. As a boy I read this great adventure novel, but was in awe at the way it was brought to life! One film that you can go back to time and again...
B00003CXRM|5.0|The Big Rock Candy Mountain had me chuckling and the tear jerking moments involving the darker scenes brought choked tears to my eyes. I think the best this movie can offer is laughs and lighthearted atmosphere to enjoy! This movie is worth renting watching and buying! I believe this film had some depth and charm that is overlooked!
6300183971|5.0|When I first saw this movie I was a little disappointed in the details left out of the novel. But after seeing a more lavish production that was just an abject failure, I realized that this was a great movie of a great science fiction novel.  I still think Gordon R. Dickson's Dorsai would make a better movie, but it would be harder to get the subtile shadings of meaning. It is capturing what makes a science fiction novel great in film that is hard! This version of Dune is a success at that.
B00003Q43A|3.0|All in all this film can be enjoyed if you don't expect too much from it.  Yes, there are some pretty unrealistic moments, and one wonders when hollywood will start thinking about depicting computer technology with any sort of realism, but on the whole this film does what it sets out to do.  If only it had set out to do more...
630575067X|4.0|The stainless steel space craft and the duck-like war robots are master pieces. The underwater monsters are better the 20 Leagues Under the Sea. Again we have an historical drama in a fantasy of the future... with the Texas Rangers of the future fighting the gun fighters and robbers. And we have the very young being groomed to be great men because they are special. Identity deception like that in Shakespeare play undershadows the plot. Lucas is the master of the unknowable future.
6305014140|1.0|This film is incoherent and at times descends into onanistic violence.  The only redeeming quality of this film is that the characters are a little bit creative.  <br />The story is utter nonsense and serves only to further the grotesque bloodbaths that for some reason are proffered to the audience.  Many believe it to contain a &quot;strong female character.&quot;  Don't kid yourself, this movie is more chauvenistic than any I have seen in a long time.<br />If you like violence for the sake of violence, horrid translations, weak stories, and ludicrously anti-climactic endings, this film is for you.  For the rest of us, it only reinforces the anime stereotype.
078062999X|5.0|I have a copy of James Mason in Julius Caesar. This was a standard  for movie Shakespeare until Kenneth Branagh took these plays in hand. I had never really seen Hamlet all the way through until I got these tapes. When a great actor combines with a great play and the production is faithful to the work, then a new standard by which future productions will be judged is set. I feel so lucky to have bought this tape!
B00003CXBK|5.0|This film has a lot to offer.  The story, which begins seemingly prototypically as a maturation story, somehow entwines us into a world of interwoven morals and sadness.  It tells of that age when the world lost its innocence and simplicity and became victim to the complexity of human existence.  It seems almost to reflect back sadly on the day that mankind began to treat nature with ambiguity, respectful of its beauty and wonder, yet pragmatic in recognizing the resources it contained.  <br />The story is very sharp and (save for some early scenes of violence) not at all stereotypical.  There are only a few characters that we view as having a certain moral turpitude, most of the main characters instead being utterly human in their ways and actions.<br />The dialogue is profound at times, light and entertaining at others.  It seems to be more philosophical and sophisticated than the dialogue we would expect from modern characters, because perhaps the world is not yet so pragmatic.<br />The artwork is spectacular at times, mostly due to the creativity and wonder that the director has infused into it.  What we see is a world that we afterwards long for, particularly serene settings deep in the forest.
6301773551|5.0|Flash Gordon and Buck Rogers entertained in the 1930's: comic book heroes come to life on the screen. In Star Wars we have what is really a fantasy with science fiction trappings. It is a children's story that we all find a deeper meaning in.  When is good  is really so good and bad is really so bad... it is a western set in a place far away with a Zen sub-theme.
B00004YA66|2.0|There are some interesting ideas in this film.  It does try to be a father and son story, but somehow gets caught in the murky confusion of a temporal story gone awry.  There are several plot holes, and no matter how seemingly compelling the father and son story gets, we can't ignore them.  <br />If you are like me and can't overlook cheesy, all too convenient solutions to problems, and plethoras of plot holes, you probably would be best off avoiding this one.
6300146154|4.0|It is never enough for the powerful: in this film they manufacture people and then &quot;recall&quot; them like Chevy did the Vega... but we find that people aren't machines even when they are manufactured. The man who is called to track down the last of the androids falls in tough love with the last best of her breed!
B00005BJPO|5.0|I saw this film when I was in my early teens, and found it interesting, but very confusing.  The earlier VHS dubs and subtitles were not translated in a way which led to being able to understand the plot.<br />I was a little worried that my tastes had changed so much that I wouldn't like Akira when it came out in July of 2001 with a remastered version.  How wrong I was.  The story is very subtle in places.  You are given only a hint of what a particular plotline tells, and it is left to the imagination to think of what might have occurred in the past.  The little moments are what is best in this film. The translation is head and shoulders above most that I've seen.  I watched the english dub along with subtitles to compare, and it is *very* close, no meaning lost at all.  A rare case where the dub actually gives a better experience than the subtitled version.<br />I have started reading the graphic novel, but it is a little bit more loose and jumpy than the film.  Many claim the graphic novel is supeior.  Like always, I am going against the grain and saying that the film is better - more is left to the imagination, and sometimes there is more depth in simplicity.<br />This is among the 5 best japanese animation films I have seen (which do not include Ninja Scroll).  Deceptively complex, politically intriguing, and philosophical, this film must be viewed multiple times to appreciate it.
079074404X|5.0|When I was a boy this film was the drive in draw! Anne Francis was everything a beautiful heroine should be! This movie has everything from the monster Id and  IQ magnification  to hyper drive. Star Wars and Star Trek owe this movie! Leslie Nelson who became a star again in The Naked Gun gives a good solid performance as the Captain. When this tape wears out I will be truly sad!
6304493681|5.0|This is perhaps the best-made anime I have seen, yet somehow not the best animated film as a whole.  The artwork is truly sensational at times.  It would seem that the music is not for everyone, but I found it to be very good, and often play it in my head (especially in the rain).  <br />The story is more complex than it first seems, and is slightly more coherent when viewing the subtitled version.  There are some probing questions and intellectual stimulation, but the movie fails to be completely mind-boggling due to its rather short length, and ends abruptly.  The fact that it still stands as one of the best animated films I have seen speaks well of the quality of direction, artwork, and scenery.  You will find yourself recalling a particularly meaningful still shot, and wondering if we are all headed for the world depicted here.<br />The DVD was released rather early in the grand scheme of things, yet still has a lot of goodies, and is well worth it if you are considering it over the VHS version.
B00004Z400|5.0|This cd is their best yet.  Don't ask why, I just know it is.
B00000ILBK|1.0|This film is actually worse than most episodes of the Next Generation.  It might give the die hard trekkers who don't care about plot or logic something to guffaw at with its nearly soap opera qualities, but those of us who actually can remember when a star trek movie was a good movie and not just a good inside joke yearn for better than this.  Along with Generations, it consitutes the worst Trek film yet.
0375703764|5.0|This book will take you on an amazing adventure that only the very brave and late-nite readers can stay up long enough to finish it. Mark Z. Danielewski created this interesting, action-filled story with so many twists and turns that you will be too confused to speak! This topsy-turvey story is great for anyone who likes mystery, history and the completely weird and strange. And durring this ordeal you must ONLY listen to Poe- she will continue to explain things that you might miss in the story, not to menton rock your world! so overall- READ THIS BOOK!!!!!!
0767802659|3.0|This film might have failed if it had tried to be serious.  Instead of meanders from teeny-bopper to dark comedy without really losing itself too much.  At times it seems to make fun of other sci fi works with aliens and excessive &quot;gooeyness,&quot; and at other times it seems to be frantically paced and reminiscent of bad action films - in a good way.<br />Do not see this expecting a serious sci fi film, or even a serious space opera.  Instead, expect a humorous parody of both.
B00004UEE5|5.0|The video quality is excellent. The camera shots illuminated the various musical instruments, as they are highlighted. There is a tasteful and discrete amount of panning. This should now become the standard for all modern DVD recordings.<br />The orchestra is a large one, almost overwhelming. However, the conductor, Daniel Barenboim, keeps them in perfect harmony, and the sound is rich and full. Both PCM Stereo and Dolby 5.1 options are available.<br />The recording was made before a live audience, but there is unnoticeable distractions coming from this quarter.<br />I look forward to future releases of the other Mahler's symphonies from Arthaus, particularly Symphonies #1 and #4<br />In all, this is a very satisfying and enjoyable experience for all Mahler fans, and for symphony lovers generally.<br />A &quot;must buy\\" for DVD collectors of the Basic Repertoire of Classical Music.
B00003CXAA|5.0|At long last, Mr Coppola has allowed this cinematic marvel to put on the finest medium available.  DVD with a large, flat screen digital TV with the necessary accompanyment of surround sound can almost recreate the &quot;in theater&quot; feeling I felt when I viewed the first film on the big screen.  Now that this set is available, we can all step back to 1972 and see it in all of its glory.  Gratis...
B00002SWEM|5.0|All their singing pours out from their wonderful cuban hearts, they're all splendid with no exception. I guess the &quot;Yankees&quot; Cooders should have some creative and financial merit in this compilation but still they seemed to me like being kind of intruders amidst their cuban musician friends. It reminds me a bit the difference that exists between those natural people that can play music instinctively and those others that apply studied techniques that sound unnatural.
6302453356|4.0|...very nearly killed by a not-so-breathtaking execution.<br />Spielberg's portrayal of the skateboard-riding Lost Boys (particularly in their final battle against the mangy Pirates), while possibly satiating my immature desires as a youngster really put me off as a young adult.  The overly juvenile actions and somewhat ridiculous melodramatics taken on by the ethnically diverse group of boys made me think of turning the television off more than once.<br />But something kept my finger from the trigger.  There were just too many good things in the film to turn it off--the movie's underlying emotions (and occasional dimamonds in the rough) were too sound to resist.<br />The acting, for one, was wonderful where it needed most to be so.  Williams' fantastic transition from 'typical' workaholic to a convincing fun-loving Pan and an absolutely terrific Hook (Hoffman) really made the movie shine to the more mature audiences.  I found myself shouting &quot;Good Form!&quot; to my friends in the day following it's viewing, and now the phrase has become a personal favorite.  I'd watch a sequel just for more of Hook's debonaire sadism.<br />The dialogue, too, was memorable in spots.  Williams' constant lawyer jokes, while incomprehensible as a youngster were fabulous now that I understand them.  I even found myself liking the the Lost Boys (only for a moment!) during the verbal dispute between Peter and Rufio.  Williams' combination of adolescent and adult insults was absolutely hilarious!<br />All that aside, the theme was what really stole the show for me.  The wonderful continuation of the classic story was incredible, and emotions ran high during a number of sequences.  Williams' recollection of his young self (while holding a battered teddy) was truly touching.  <br />I thus conclude:  When the INTERNAL elements of childhood joy and memories, the superb acting talent (especially by Hoffman!), and the overall feel of the movie are carried over into a more mature, adult-oriented feature, I will provide this review space with five stars.  Until then, though, I suppose we'll all have to be satisfied with what we have.
6304981635|5.0|Linda Lee Cadwell describes Bruce during his final days and up until 'ETD' was finally edited into it's final big screen debut. Lee, who up until 'ETD' had a small following in the US,which consisted of martial arts buffs and mainly Asian film-goers...Bruce initially graced us with his superior skills, matinee looks and 'behind the black mask' mistique in the Batman & Robin television show series during the 60's. Cato was similar to Batman's Robin, other than displaying deft karate moves with precision and pizzaz!! This 'ETD' version shows scenes never seen before, especially the opening scene, which displays Lee's remarkable ability to create climatic moves with human emotion and controlled hostility.       Great supporting cast that includes, John Saxon and Jim Kelly who accompany Bruce to an offshore island that's controlled by a murderous tyrant who hosts an international Karate Tournament.  Bruce of course, is on a covert mission to nullify 'Han' who kills prostitutes after drugging them to death. Bruce soon learns that there is other personal business to attend to on the island. This is the best martial arts movie ever made!! Bar-NONE
B000002I27|4.0|The title of the album is saying the truth. Strange Days, the 1975 release by the Doors, is a very unusual and obscure collection of songs. The Doors had always been known as a band that tried different musical styles, but this album was really out there, even for them. Whether it's the backwards guitar solos, the sound effects, or Jim Morrison's ... induced lyrics, it's strange indeed. This album is a good showcase of the Doors experimenting and attempting to be art-rock, trying to leave the blues rock that we're used to hearing from them. Of course, that would be like Jimmy Page leaving the guitar: it&#8217;s never going to happen. So what the Doors give us here is a mix between blues rock, art rock, and pure strangeness.<br />It's a well done piece of music, with keyboard hooks that stand out by Ray Manzarek. John Densmore does a good job drumming, in which the same can be said for Robby Krieger on guitar. Of course, the Doors' success always goes back to Jim Morrison, who does a particularly good job. The songs are, for the most part, are well written while being experimental. The album only stumbles in the fact that it is not spectacular. It's a very solid album, that just fails to stand out very much. It's the only down point, but that can be attributed to other down points, such as the fact that the Doors use similar musical patterns in many of the songs, as well as the fact that there is only 35 minutes of music. <br />The album contains some very well known songs that make for the highlights of the album. The opener \\"Strange Days\\" is a minor key keyboard-based track that feature the same confusing yet enchanting lyrics that we've come to expect from Morrison (\\"We linger alone, bodies confused, memories misused, as we run from the day, to a strange night of stone\\"). It sets the tone for the album with it's uniqueness. \\"Love Me Two Times\\" is another Doors classic, but instead of experimental keyboards, this one is just classic Krieger riff-based blues rock. It's a fantastic song, but doesn't fit very well on an album that is all about weirdness. The closer \\"When The Music's Over\\" is another well done song, that sounds something like a cross between \\"The End\\" and \\"Soul Kitchen\\". It's eleven minutes of Manzarek, Krieger, and Densmore jamming while Morrison, who is definitely high on something, sings about \\"the scream of the butterfly\\" and screams \\"Save us! Jesus! Save us!\\". Morrison's vocals really capture you in this one, and the music supplied by the rest of the crew is top notch. It even features a heavily altered backwards guitar solo that is simply bizarre. It's my personal favourite on the album. Other highlights include the delightful \\"People Are Strange\\" and \\"You're Lost Little Girl\\", which contains awesome guitar by Krieger. <br />The songs that don't stand out don't do so because they're bad, but simply because of the fact that they're not as good as the others. That is, except the delirious spoken word piece \\"Horse Latitudes\\", which is really, really out there and doesn't do much for the album but make it even more weird. Other songs that don't stand out include \\"Unhappy Girl\\", \\"Moonlight Drive\\", \\"My Eyes Have Seen You\\", and \\"I Can't See Your Face In My Mind\\". Besides some small occurrences, these songs are practically the same. They're composed well, but the fact remains that it gets boring listening to songs that sound very similar. <br />With all albums that are strange, it has to be decided whether they are being strange to make an viable point or whether they're simply doing it for wierdnesses sake. This album is focused on a single point, but it's difficult to get at because it's shrouded in all the insanity and strangeness of the album. A good album none the less though, and had it featured more effort in the song writing and less in trying to be unconventional, then there is a good chance this album would be five stars. With all that said though, it's a solid album that's definitely worth a lesson, whether you're a Doors fan or not. <br />Pros:   Good song writing, keyboards, successful experimentation  <br />Cons:  A little redundant, short, some stuff is too strange <br />Recommended:   Yes  <br />Bottom Line:   Strange indeed. It's a solid album that features some fantastic songs. Worth purchasing at full price. Check it out!<br />Great Music to Play While: Hanging With Friends
B000002HMH|5.0|Most People (that ive talked to) say ReLoad is a better CD.  I personally liked this one alot better.  Until It Sleeps and Hero Of the Day are great songs... The Whole CD is great Buy it.
B000002UDB|5.0|Pros:   Beautiful compositions, drumming (!?), \\"Strawberry Fields Forever\\", successful experimentation  <br />Cons:  Some material is weaker than others <br />Recommended:   Yes  <br />Bottom Line:   It isn't a must have, but it is some fantastic music. Get it if you're looking for something that is quality yet also a little experimental.  <br />Great Music to Play While: Waking up<br />Before I owned any Beatles albums, this was the one I looked forward to getting the most. I saw it as a collection of delightful, carefree tracks that all celebrated life and love. After listening to it for the first time, I realized that this was really, really out there for being released in 1967, and this is really the Beatles at their creative prime. It's a colourful album full of happiness and good music that was ahead of it's time. It is this way because the Beatles were getting tired with making the same type of song over and over again, as well as the fact that the stuff they had been experimenting with had started to change their views of the world. To truly understand the album though, you have to read the comic strip that comes along with the vinyl. It is completely nonsensical and incoherent, but is really adorable. That's how you should approach this album as well: don't try and make sense of it, just enjoy it. <br />It begins with title track \\"Magical Mystery Tour\\", which is monotonous, but still appealing. It features great horns and a singsong hook \\"Roll up, roll up for the mystery tour\\". It ends in a more spooky fashion, with strange bells and whistles, and is followed by the album's first real classic in \\"The Fool On The Hill\\". It's a delicate ballad about a, well, fool on a hill. It's a very good song, with great woodwinds, but joins \\"Magical Mystery Tour\\" in the fact that they're weaker tracks to open with. Next is \\"Flying\\", an experimental instrumental track that is a guilty pleasure of mine. It's very simple, but is funky (for the Beatles) and lots of fun. Thisis followed by George Harrison's \\"Blue Jay Way\\", which really sounds like something John Lennon would write. It sounds strange, to say the least, with Harrison's altered vocals and the psychedelic sounds in the background. This is followed by \\"Your Mother Should Know\\", which has McCartney (Paul) written all over it. It's a piano romp with the rest of the Beatles vocally joining McCartney. It's acceptable. All the songs up to this point have been good, but nothing spectacular. <br />That is, until \\"I Am The Walrus\\" begins a series of songs that save the album from mediocrity. \\"I Am The Walrus\\", a classic John Lennon song about nothing, is one of my favourite songs of all time. The music is superb, with great strings accompaniment and singing of Lennon's scatterbrained lyrics (I am the eggman, I am the eggmen, I am the walrus, coo coo ka joo!). It's a taste of drug oriented chaos, that is impossible to not like, just like the Paul-pop of \\"Hello Goodbye\\", which features some solid drumming from Ringo Starr. It's a fantastic song that everyone and their mother has heard and loves. <br />\\"Strawberry Fields Forever\\" is without a doubt the best song on the album, and is a contender for best Beatles song of all time. The drumming is some of the best that Ringo has ever done in his career with the Beatles, and has flawless string and brass sections (the third verse is perfect!!). It has gorgeous, bittersweet lyrics such as \\"Living is easy with eyes closed, misunderstanding what you see, it's getting hard to be someone when it all works out, it doesn't matter much to me\\", and has a more complex chord progression than I've ever seen in a Beatles song. It is a graceful and radiant composition that, in a way, captures the entire album in one song. It even has that confusing momentary lapse into weirdness after you think the song is over. It works perfectly. <br />Next is \\"Penny Lane\\", which is almost as good as the track mentioned above. It's more mainstream, but featureseven more incredible woodwind and brass sections. The coronet solo is lovely, and the chord progression is fantastic. A great song, which is followed by another great song \\"Baby You're A Rich Man\\". This is a little more out there, but is equally as good, with the Beatles singing one line pretty much over and over again: \\"How does it feel to be one of the beautiful people?\\". It's another song with surprisingly good drumming from Ringo, and fantastic vocals that go back and forth between Lennon and McCartney. The final song is \\"All You Need Is Love\\", which is probably the most adorable song that Lennon has ever wrote. It begins with (what I think) is the French national anthem, but quickly transforms into an emotional anthem with great back-up vocals and string accompaniment. It is a fitting end to such a lovely album. <br />This is the most tripped-out Beatles album, and is very refreshing to listen to once in a while. It's a colourful, exciting, and energetic album, that also has some moments of heartfelt emotion and sadness. It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but everyone should hear the full album at least once. It is a perfect balance between traditional music and experimentation, and we can thank our lucky stars that the Beatles made this testament in pyschidelic yet tasteful music. It is the most creative album the Beatles ever made, and it brings the whole package: willingness to experiment, individual talent, song writing, and quality. <br />For more reviews by The Musician, log on to:
B00004Z4WR|5.0|Gone In Sixty Seconds is a great movie. It combines action and comedy in an excellent way. I suggest you take the review from &quot;A viewer from the dark side of the moon&quot; lightly, he doesn't keep in touch. With cool cars and Angelina Jolie, there are plenty of pretty things to look at. I seriously believe you should watch this movie, and even buy it if it suits you.
B000002JSJ|3.0|...Before Presence, Zeppelin had been successful by keeping things new and always progressing in both talent and style, but it seems that they settle in with this album, and it's just going through the motions.<br />It is still a good album that's worth a listen. The guitarwork from Jimmy Page is always phenomenal. The rest of the group also plays well, whether it be John Bonham pounding on the drums, John Paul Jones playing bass, or Robert Plant wailing along with the songs. No, the problems on this album can't be found in the talent of Led Zeppelin. The problems are in the song writing and Page's production, which allowed poor material to make up for most of the songs on this album. The album sounds redundant at times, and is flavorless compared to Zeppelin albums before this. All the individual musicianship cannot save the weaker tracks, which are simply uninteresting and too much like what we're used to hearing from Zeppelin. There is nothing new to be experienced here that can't be felt or heard on Physical Graffiti or Houses Of The Holy, in which there it is fresh, interesting, and inspiring.<br />The album's strong points are very strong though. \\"Achilles Last Stand\\" is a ten minute tune that is never boring or uninteresting. It is a very well written song, with many different sections that all encompass great guitar. It is the best song on the album, and opens it up in a strong manner. Another highlight is \\"Tea For One\\", the closer of the album which is also ten minutes long but instead is a minor key blues jam, similar to the likes of \\"Since I've Been Loving You\\" from Zeppelin III. This is the kind of song that Zeppelin can pull off doing ten times over, and people will still love it (self included). \\"Nobody's Fault But Mine\\" isn't bad either, but it's quality is easily swallowed up because of the fact that it is surrounded by songs that sound exactly the same. <br />Weaker tracks include \\"For Your Life\\", which is a song that doesn't quite feel right for Zeppelin because of it's slower tempo and the fact that it switches from a minor key feel to a major key feel many times throughout the song. It's also too long for its quality, at seven minutes. \\"Royal Orleans\\" is a short guitar track that is more mainstream Zeppelin, but still sounds bland amongst the rest of the album. \\"Candy Store Rock\\" was the one single from the album, which is ironic because it's probably the worst song of the collection. It's more heavy guitar rock that is trying to sound bluesy at the same time (this can be seen by Plant's overuse of \\"Baby baby\\" and \\"Ooh yeah\\"). \\"Hots On For Nowhere\\" is once again more of the same, heavy guitar mixed with Plant's carefree vocals singing blues lyrics. <br />I might be judging this album harshly because I personally expect more from Zeppelin, but this album really doesnt work at the same level as any of the six that were released before this. The band got complacent with this one, and it shows in the lack of colour and experimentation. Led Zeppelin was always a band that brought something special and new to the table with every album, but there is nothing special about this. It has some good tracks, but the bottom line is that it's just a weak album from a band who we all know are capable of much more. It's a Zeppelin who are just making music for it's own sake, and are actually missing the presence that they had before this album (no pun intended). It's an album only for diehard Zeppelin fans, because it just doesn't offer anything to anyone else. <br />Pros:   Great guitar and vocals, \\"Achilles Last Stand\\"  <br />Cons:  Weak material for the most part, seems like Zeppelin were going through the motions <br />Recommended:   Yes  <br />Bottom Line:   It's Led Zeppelin at their worst, but that's better than most bands....
0553106635|5.0|Well, George R R has done it again!  He has written another absolutely incredible novel that leaves the reader begging for more!  If you liked the first two novels, you'll love A Storm of Swords.  Be warned though; like the first two, this one doesn't really have an ending.  Yes, he is coming out with another book(When? Who knows . . .), so beware of the cliffhanger at the end.  Speaking of cliffhangers, now that George R R has seen that he can get away with one at the end of a chapter, also expect a cliffhanger at the end of every one! (Except Bran the Boring)  Oh yeah, that's another thing, you can just about skip his chapters, he doesn't do a whole lot in this book except give in to his insanity.  I am just being facetious of course, he does do some important stuff.  Daenarys really kicks butt in this book, and a lot of really important things happen.  It is a great read, and this reviewer is looking forward avidly to George R R's next book A Dance With Dragons!
0515123447|4.0|Having already read three other Jack Reacher novels, I finally got around to reading \\"Killing Floor,\\" the first in Lee Child's popular series.  Here is the Jack Reacher that we know and love--macho wanderer, man of few words, quick with his fists, an expert at weaponry, fearless and unforgiving.<br /><br />Jack is passing through Margrave, Georgia.  It is a town that is surprising clean and well-kept, considering that most of the residents have little visible source of income.  Jack intends to stay for a brief period to look up some history about a blind musician, and then he intends to move on.  However, Jack is arrested for a vicious crime that he did not commit, and he then becomes embroiled in a murder investigation that involves his brother.<br /><br />It turns out that Margrave is a corrupt town, rotten to the core.  With the help of a few good police officers (one of whom makes for a sexy love interest), Reacher gets to the heart of an extremely profitable criminal operation run by some very ruthless and powerful men. \\"Killing Floor\\" is a fast-moving, engrossing and extremely violent thriller.  Reacher is quick-witted, unerring in his instincts, and relentless in his pursuit of justice.  One of Reacher's quirks is that he rarely changes his clothes, since he hates to be bothered with laundry.  Since he never carries luggage and he only showers when he gets a chance, he must be fairly malodorous.  Surprisingly, no one seems to notice.<br /><br />I enjoyed \\"Killing Floor,\\" recognizing it for the entertaining fairy tale that it is.  Child does not try for realism.  If you can stomach tremendous carnage and you like non-stop action, then you will enjoy \\"Killing Floor\\".
6300214826|5.0|This is my favorite film of all time. Posing as an  action/adventure war movie set in Viet Nam (the first  one set, I believe, in this particular war), it becomes  an illustrative analysis of the most fundamental values  and assumptions in Western culture today. <br />  I do not know whether it succeeds as a war film - it is  not a genre I am familiar with, and I have also never  managed to watch Apocalypse as a war movie. It  certainly has some &quot;cool&quot; war stuff in it, from the good  old battle scene of the storming of the beach to the  rock and roll excesses and absurdities that  characterised the war in Southeast Asia. <br /> But this is far more than a war movie. Based on a long short story that is not about war so much as commercial imperialism, it takes its place in the same &quot;clash of cultures&quot; environment and allows plenty of room for long, clear looks at the value laden assumptions of Western Civilisation. This is a movie, not about &quot;Good versus Evil,&quot; but about &quot;Good versus Evil&quot; versus &quot;Something Else.&quot; In the absence of a a good phrase for &quot;Something Else,&quot; I will just say that it is more the recognition that what we pretend to call good and evil walk hand in hand in every persons soul, indeed in every person whether they have a &quot;soul&quot; or not. <br /> It is about the conflict between myopic Judeo-Christian values confronting a value system far older, and perhaps even more widespread, which simply places its values in a different place. <br /> This conflict is wrought deeply in the character of the passionately &quot;insane&quot; Col. Walter Kurtz, written on the fly for and played with mind boggling intensity and stubbornness by Marlon Brando. He has gone &quot;up the river,&quot; and despite his marginally approved technical brilliance as a soldier, in the process of coming to understand that there is no possible morality in war (perhaps besides self preservation) he steps outside the inherited moralities of the West and becomes... a god. A god by choice, by acclamation, and by an insane leap of ego - one which any of us are fully capable of making, it must be remembered. <br /> In my favorite, of few I have ever liked, use of voice-over narration, Martin Sheen's character Capt. Willard translates this epic of the soul for us. He is already on the razor's edge himself, but still retains the sensibility of the Western observer, enough so that he can walk back and forth across the fuzzy line and bring us his reports, in our language, of what he sees over there on the other side. <br /> And what he sees, what he hears and learns in trying to understand Col. Kurtz, he will never forget. His mission to &quot;terminate the Colonel's command&quot; goes through subtle changes, as his role as &quot;pawn-assassin&quot; for the brass back in Saigon mutates into the role of &quot;pawn-ritual slaughterer,&quot; doing what is utterly Kurtz' will and desperate need - to free Kurtz from the agony of living with a value system he has not lived to be prepared for. <br /> In my opinion, every frame and every moment of this film is perfect. The drama is balanced with humor, the terror with warmth, the sentimentality with horror. The up-close details contrast beautifully with the big picture, the very big picture we are awash in. This is from a film which was an utter disaster in the making, constantly being written and rewritten as it was filmed, the roles and souls of the main characters taking on a life of their own. The film itself, as any great work of art will do, took control of itself and demanded that its mere human interpreters go where it required. The result speaks for itself, and luckily the principals all survived the process. <br /> If this was the only memorable film Mr. Coppola ever made, it alone would place him in the pantheon of great directors. It is a marvelous capstone to the young rebel Brando's waning career, and I don't know what else Sheen ever did, but this film alone is all he ever needed to do to earn and keep my respect. <br /> It of course makes a great, if rather long, double feature with the grunt's eye view of the war, Platoon, starring Marty's kid Charlie. <br />copyright 2001 Huw Powell
B00005IBGQ|5.0|Well, I have to say that &quot;Poses&quot; is probably one of the best albums that I've heard in a long time, probably since Wainwright's self-titled debut in 1998.  While his lush and sexy baritone voice is still very much the same, it is quite apparent that Wainwright has grown with his music over the past three years.  His songs, as usual, are full of emotion, cynicism, and catchy, yet beautiful melodies.  Whether he is singing about his vices as in &quot;Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk&quot; or is looking for love in &quot;The Rebel Prince,&quot; one is certain to always be both entertained as well as moved by Rufus Wainwright.  Somebody once called his music &quot;modern standards,&quot; which to me at least, seems like a terrible play on words (Mr. Wilde would spit!).  Some have also called it &quot;popra&quot; due to Wainwrights deep passion for opera.  Whatever you call it, it will always be amazing, fresh and amazing.  And should all else fail, and there is no possible way that would ever happen, you can always stare at his beautiful face, which is just as wonderful!
B0000041LL|5.0|I haven't heard this wet completly but to have all the quartet production in a single box with quiarteto italiano is amazing. Don't doubt in buying this set. Try and you would see that the price is very cheep.
0838577016|5.0|I was impressed by Kandel's text. It provided a current, thorough coverage of the topic areas. No other textbook I came across could even compare!
B0000041LL|5.0|I haven't heard this set completly but to have all the quartet production in a single box with quiarteto italiano is amazing. Don't doubt in buying this set. Try and you would see that the price is very cheep.
B00005M989|2.0|so do yourself a favor and look around on the net for his boots. I really like to collect &quot;outtakes&quot;, his work that never made it onto the shelves as official releases; many of which are almost mainstream jazz in nature but perhaps not very commercially viable compared to his pop and funk work. Especially his live mixes can be very compelling; sometimes much better than the studio tracks. Many alternate takes and mixes are also available if you make some serious effort to look around. <br />1 clue: Get Blue<br />Yogi
6305558167|1.0|I finally gave in and purchased this DVD based on the high reviews I have heard from people over the years. I couldn't have been more disappointed!  What in the world were they thinking??  I found the movie miscast, poorly acted, poorly scripted, visually dark and dull, and (as is typical for the most boring of movies) painfully long!  Save yourself some money by renting or borrowing this movie before you buy it.
0805210393|1.0|If you like Kafka, you'll like this book. Otherwise, probably not. Of his works, The Castle is more fully developed, less hectic, and generally a much better read than most. He takes the same themes he used throughout his life and delves in deeper and with a more human touch, sparing us the full extent of his obsessions, pretentiousness, and paranoia; the very things that make his work original and, to some, compelling. This tempered presentation of these same themes actually makes them more powerful and engaging. That said, it's worth noting that the book [stinks].
B00004TLMC|2.0|Kubrick was, first and foremost, a master stylist. That's why Space Odessey and Clockwork Orange are              among the best movies of all time. Unfortunately, Kubrick lacked compelling subject matter for his last              feature and as a result, it meanders in a most pointless and laughable manner through lush NY interiors as              it follows the silly intrigues of a bored yuppie. The suspense and danger in this shallow movie couldn't hurt              a fly. Who cares if the girl at the orgy overdosed or was murdered? Or if he almost avoided sleeping with a              hooker that had AIDS? In the end, all we're left with is a picture of a few bored (and boring) urban types who              chicken out and run back to their safe bubbles after coming in contact with an alternate life just as shallow              as the one they tried to leave. Kubrick tries to build some sort of expectation through the limited dialogue              and plodding pace of the film, but if you're dumb enough to be taken in by that when there is actually no              substance behind all the tension, then you might even be dumb enough to praise this sleeper as art.               Kubrick never should've been allowed to write a suspense flick. D+
B000050XEI|5.0|After hearing one of Enya's songs in a bookstore one day I bought the cd and it has not left my cd player since then...it is an excellent cd that has terrific music and leaves you with a peaceful feeling
B00003CY5K|5.0|It seems repetative to give this movie another 5 Star Review.<br />The bottom line; Reese Witherspoon is simply charming in this role.  That in itself makes the movie well worth seeing, despite any flaws in the premise or script.
B00005ASOC|4.0|I felt this was a good movie for teens.  It shows that when you are a person, you do have talents and you are not to waste them. Color had no lines here, it was only the mind. I loved the love/hate lines that brought these two personlities together.  A young man who need guidence and an old man that needed a friend. Very good story.
B00005K3OT|4.0|Lasse Hallstrom's &quot;Chocolat&quot; was the perfect Holiday 2000 movie...a french bon bon of wistful conviviality yet not too sweet to give you a toothache. The plot is a fairy tale with overtones of social commentary (but aren't all fairy tales trying to tell us something deeper?)and as in a fairy tale everything works out in the end. Hallstrom was lucky to get both Juliette Binoche and Johnny Depp to play the leads because they add tons of charisma to this slight tale. It is always a pleasure to watch both of these actors because they make such varied and interesting choices in the roles they play. Compare Binoche in this film with her role in &quot;Damage&quot; for example or &quot;Blue.&quot; Or Depp in this or in &quot;Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas&quot; or the recent &quot;Blow.&quot; These are two of the best actors living today and they give it their all.By doing so we, as the viewers, suspend our disbelief and follow the life of this film with little doubt. Lena Olin and Alfred Molina are standouts among the supporting cast.  If you can watch this movie without craving a box of chocolates or some hot chocolate you are a much better person than I. Soft or Chews anyone?
B00005M989|1.0|Respect Prince and his fellow musicians. He has nothing to do with this uninteresting compilation of radio favourites. This is unfortunately also a dull record company cashcow missing any concept or structure, therefore unrespectful towards his genius contribution to music.
0385334206|5.0|BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS is a book that is so full of strange ideas, altered realities, and different perceptions that it's a little like reading a nervous breakdown at times.  There  is so much going on, that you may find yourself going back and reading a page three or four times just to pull everything that you can out of it.  And just when you think it can't get any more insane, Kurt Vonnegut places the author of the book into the story-line itself as the Creator Of The Universe, but goes out of his way to give this author a name different to his own.  Confusing?  Yes.  Enjoyable?  Absolutely.<br />This book covers a wide range of topics.  Racism, sexism, mental imbalance, chemistry, life, death, and literally hundreds of other subjects are discussed.  The plot is set out in a very simple way so that Vonnegut has room to let his characters and himself entertain a variety of thoughts.  The prose of the book is very detailed about the most mundane of material.  Vonnegut can cleverly point to the absurdity of everyday things, merely by describing them in minute terms without resorting to overbearing judgments.  By just reducing everything to its most basic components, he can show the flaws present in the most basic of fundamentals.<br />This minutiae even extends to the basics of story telling.  By placing &quot;the author&quot; inside the fictional narrative, Vonnegut can point out some of the fundamentals of writing.  Since no detail about a person is inherently more important than any other, there are times were we get an information dump of seemingly random information about the characters in the story.  The question that comes to mind: is all of this information really irrelevant?  If the author saw fit to include it, does it matter that the data doesn't relate to the narrative?<br />In summary, it's almost impossible to summarize most, or even much, of what Kurt Vonnegut has written about here.  This is such a very densely written book that it would take twice the length of BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS in order to talk about it properly.  And even with all of the ideas and thoughts contained within, the book never feels bloated or incoherent.  It's philosophical, entertaining, bizarre, thought-provoking and hilarious.<br />It's good.  Highly recommended.  Rush out and read it now.
