0553801473|1.0|We waited 6 years for this? 11 years for Bran, Jon, Dany, Tyrion, etc.?<br /><br />This book was just a whole bunch of walking around and doing nothing important. Just setting up cliffhangers for the next book. It was an in-between book, and not worth my time. I didn't care about half of the characters. Martin keeps adding new characters and taking away precious pages from the characters I really care about, like the Starks, Tyrion, and Dany. Sure, Bran gets some pretty badass super powers and Arya does some assassin stuff, but for the most part, this book was a complete and total let down. But I am faithful and when Winds of Winter gets around, I'll read it. But fair warning, if Winds doesn't do it, I might stop reading the series. I LOVED the first 3 books. Feast wasn't too great (didn't have my favorite characters) but Dance was even worse. I felt like Martin was stringing us along for an epic 5th installment that ended up being sub par.<br /><br />He claims writing the book was a bitch, but honestly, so was reading the thing.
B0001US8EO|3.0|I bought this 2 disk set expecting a new product and maybe it was originally how ever there was a razor cut which went all the way through the outside of the cardbord cover to the inside where the dvd was, just missing the playing surface of the dvd. the distributor of this product did a lousey job of removing a lable which was mostlikely dammaged by the razor cut and placed the barcode and a new label over the cut as to hide or cover up the razor cut so you could not see it untill it was unwrapped at witch point the product would not be returnable for a refund. Amazon you have poor quality contol. thankfully the dvds apear to be undamaged. I only payed $10.00 for the product including the shipping. I will have to decide whether I will continue to shop at Amazon in the future.[[ASIN:B0001US8EO Wyatt Earp (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]
B004LWZW2E|3.0|was expecting better . starts off well , and has some really good scares . but overall not that good a film , gets rather stupid towards the end ! but the actual ending is`nt bad ! worth watching . on a scale of 1 to 10 with ten being the best ,I`d give it at least a 7 !
B0052VUNHC|5.0|Beautiful Disaster tells the sometimes crazy, sometimes heart breaking story of two college kids on a collision course. Peppered with the occasional grammatical error, the story is well told and far more believable (for the most part) than most books of the same genre. Highly recommended! As soon as i finished it the first time, i literally scrolled back to the beginning and read it again!
B00280LYIC|5.0|I read this book as a recommendation from a friend.It wasn`t really fun in the beginning.  Percy was just a kid with a ADHD problem,  then it got much better they got into monsters and gods. Rick Riordan did a great job on putting real life and the Myth together. Like how the entrance to the Underworld would be in L.A.  Percy has a crush on this girl named Annabeth.  Then they go on a quest with grover a half goat.  I totally loved it.
B000V5ZIBU|5.0|Deep Space is an epic series not only in the sense of trek but for TV in general. DS9 took the basic TV episodic forumla and transitioned to the ensemble cast story arc formula that we all know and love now. Great Show. Can't wait for the remasters
B001RNO7D0|5.0|I got my shoes today and it was love at first sight.I was a little worried about the size since most reviews say they are a size smaller than normal.So to play it safe i purchased mine a half size bigger.And guess what,they were a perfect fit.So i highly suggest you buy a half size bigger if you want a perfect fit.But don't go more than one size bigger.    Overall those shoes look and feel strong,so i'm happy with my purchase.
B002NEFL8W|5.0|I have owned this grip for about 2 weeks now and all I can state is that it works perfectly well. Portrait shooting is so much easier with the grip, it feels natural in my hands, and the weatherproofing for this really complements the 7D. Don't hesitate to use this in the rain or buried in the snow. I would not recommend using a third party grip unless you are really trying to save some bucks. Overall great addition
B004GYY714|5.0|It streams local favorites, because I live in &quot;mountains&quot; and some stations fade out or have allot of static. I can even enjoy stations from all over the country. Had a week with no problems. Sound is good. I recommend a fm modulator for your phone or tablet.
B004FGMDOQ|4.0|At first glance, I thought that Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children would be a horror story, and I do love a good book that can scare the daylights out of me, but when I started to read the book, I realized that the storyline was from the fantasy genre which I admit is not one of my favorites. That being said, I thought the first half of the book was strange, as in really weird! Trying to follow the author's direction with the storyline was a bit slow for me, it just couldn't hold my attention and I kept thinking about not finishing it. What kept me wanting to go the distance and finish the book were the freakishly bizarre photos of the \\"peculiar\\" children and the letters that are interspersed throughout the book, they were so intriguing that I knew I had to suck it up and continue. I am so glad that I did continue, because once I got into the middle of the storyline where Jacob meets Miss Peregrine and the children, the twists and turns and the suspense had me hooked! That is when I realized that this book may be from the fantasy genre, but it had so many characteristics of a horror book, that it fulfilled the scare ratio for me. The author does quite a good job of weaving a story of time travel with a mixture of a freak show via the \\"peculiar children\\" and a touch of murder and mayhem thrown in too. There is only two things that disappointed me: first, if you read this book on the Kindle, the photographs and letters are not really clear enough, so consider buying the hardcover or paperback editions; second, the ending left the reader hanging with no closure, perhaps the author is writing a sequel that will continue the story ... only time will tell.
B004927I50|5.0|I feel like this CD is way more upbeat and confident than her last album. Definitely great songs to sing a long to!
1451629184|5.0|This book was exceptional.  Having seen Ms Dugard interviewed on TV, I realized this was truly a woman of great strength and character.  The book confirmed this.  Not a pleasurable experience to read this but certainly a compelling one.
0385737955|4.0|First, I think some of the reviewers here are confused. They pick up a YA dystopian sci-fi/fantasy expecting it to be an adult psychological thriller, and then blame the author when it's not. Dashner knows his genre and his audience, and he gets it right.    The Maze Runner is an attention-grabbing, scary, and suspenseful page-turner. The ending is somewhat disappointing as others have noted, but the sequel makes up for that. Overall, a great start to the trilogy.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|I remember hearing about Bethany Hamilton's frightening ordeal of losing her arm (and nearly her life) to a shark attack while surfing. When the movie was released, I hoped for two things: (1) that it would relfect Bethany's faith and how that faith saw her through horrific trauma in her life and (2) that it would be a family movie. The movie met my expectations on both accounts.<br /><br />Family unity and loyalty is strong in Soul Surfer and that is one of my favorite things about the movie. It's apparent that Bethany, her parents, and her brothers are a closeknit family and that they truly care for each other. When times are difficult, we need those we love most to come alongside us. Bethany is also surrounded by loyal friends, who rally around her, not only during her surfing competitions, but also after her accident. What amazed me was that she and her best friend competed in competitions, yet they didn't allow that to interfere in their friendship. What an example of how to love your neighbor!<br /><br />There are many opportunities for discussion in this film:<br /><br />1. Bethany sneaks out at night to go surfing. I'm not sure she had a consequence, but this provided a great discussion point nonetheless.<br /><br />2. There is a girl Bethany surfs against who is spiteful and mean. How should we handle people like that in our own lives?<br /><br />3. At one point, Bethany becomes discouraged about what happened. Why do bad things happen? Does the Lord distance himself from us during those times? Or does He forever remain by our side, never leaving us and never forsaking us?<br /><br />4. Another great discussion topic is about modesty, as at times, the bathing suits are a bit immodest. And finally,<br /><br />5. Bethany embarks on a missions trip. At times when we feel as though things couldn't be any worse in our lives, all we have to do is look around and see the pain and the suffering of others. Then, reach out and offer assistance.<br /><br />I loved this movie. Yes, I bawled after Bethany was injured (I'm a mom after all!) and yes, I bawled at the end. It is a powerful movie that points to God, family, and determination. I would highly recommend it for those ages tween and up. Younger children will be frightened by the shark attack, although it was tastefully done and not prolonged. I have added this movie to my listing of family movies on my Mom-Approved Movie Listing on my Wordpress blog.<br /><br />Reviewed by Penny Zeller, author of the historical romance novel \\"Hailee.\\", I bawled at the end. It is a powerful movie that points to God, family, and determination. I would highly recommend it for those ages tween and up. Younger children will be frightened by the shark attack, although it was tastefully done and not prolonged. I have added this movie to my listing of family movies on my Mom-Approved Movie Listing on my Wordpress blog.  Reviewed by Penny Zeller, author of the historical romance novel \\"Hailee.\\"
0385738757|5.0|Great plot, characters, and action. Loved the imagery and element of mystery. I like to drag a good book out for about a week, but finished this in two days (Kindle version). The short, cliffhanger chapters pull the reader along irresistibly.    *spoiler alert* One aspect of the ending was too similar to that of the first book; after everything those kids went through, they wouldn't be so blindly trusting as to fall asleep. If I was offered guns at that point, I'd take them and stay vigilant. But this is a minor issue in the grand scheme of things...the consequence wasn't too drastic and WICKED would have accomplished its aims one way or another regardless.    Can't wait for the conclusion!
B004Y1USV2|3.0|Anyone who listens to Yes sould realize what made them was their ability to take rock & classical & many other forms of music (jazz, country, blues etc) and mesh it into their own style. Jon Anderson's voice is a crucial element to their overall sound, not just for his unique voice but for his input in the song writing. While this new cd isn't a bad output of music, it is lacking spiritual emotion that Jon brings with him. While they had a few stinkers in the past, they still maintained a certain brilliance in their worst ventures. Jon always brought a high point to a song, no matter how simple it was. The title song \\"Fly From Here\\" is not bad, but it's no classic. It's an attempt to sound like the old Yes, but it has been purposely dragged out, without a lot to say. The new singer has a nice voice, it's just ordinary & has no passion. Thanks to Chris Squire's background vocals & decent lead on the one song, gives this work a memory of Yes. I wish they'd call themselves the Chris Squire band & then you could see the music as a new group. Trying to keep the name going is more of a sham.
030788743X|5.0|I am not a geek.  I hate the TV show Stargate, as well as all Star Treks and Star wars related films.  Having said that, I loved this book more than I have loved a book in a long time. It reminded of me Ender's game meets The Hunger Games, with a 1980's twist.  Really, please read this, you will be so very happy you did.
0425220931|5.0|I found this book in my public library and liked it so much I wanted to have my own copy. For a long time I've been trying to understand the difference between playing an instrument (or singing) and making music.    Maybe you've been to a concert when the performer said, \\"I just picked up a new instrument a few weeks ago, and can't really play it yet, but let me try it tonight,\\" and what comes out is simple but beautiful. A real musician can do that, but how?    Nothing I found in the library prior to this book was directly dealing with that question, but it's what this book is all about.    Little of this book is specific advice. Most of it talks about what's important to think about or what's important to pay attention to when you are making music, more of how to ground yourself and center yourself than specifics. When you're at the point where you say, \\"Yeah, I can play a tune, but does anyone want to listen? Why not?\\" _The Music Lesson_ will get you thinking about what you can do to make the difference.
B004SKQAJI|2.0|I feel like each time Michael Flatley redoes a show it gets worse and worse and this one has proved the worst.  He made it too much about himself.  The new scenery was a little too much for a dancing show.  It felt more like a heavy metal concert.  The only good part is that Michael Flatley didn't take off his shirt....for once.
B0050CQY1W|1.0|All I can say is, \\"I waited over two years for this?!\\"  What a waste of money.  It's destined to become an expensive coaster in my house.
B000LTAY1U|5.0|It's an automatic, it cheap and its fairly nice looking.  Since I've been wearing it I haven't kept the closest eye on accuracy but as long as it doesn't run slow (which it hasn't so far) I don't mind if it gains a few seconds here and there.  I've heard great things about the movement in this model so hopefully it will last a few years (I would prefer decades but I tend to abuse my watches).  I also like the size as I am used to wearing larger watches and this feels like there is nothing on my wrist.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I absolutely love this movie.  Keira Knightly and Matthew Macfadyen have beautiful chemistry onscreen!!!!  I love the  way Austen creates the relationship between the the characters.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone that is a Jane Austen lover!!!!
B00000JLWW|5.0|I looked it many stores for this edition of Titanic and couldn't find it.  But I found it on Amazon.com.  Thanks.
B004H4XLR4|4.0|Bought this sight unseen and was pleasantly surprised.  It's fairly sturdy and the shooting missiles were a big hit with 4 year old boys.  The quality of some of the Cars 2 products has been poor, but the Spy Jet is the exception.  Cars can be loaded through the rear ramp and the top opens for viewing.  The one negative I'd give it is the loading hook.  That is a bad design, but it didn't stop the kids from loading cars into the plane by hand.  It might annoy older kids.  It was well worth the sale price at Amazon.
0061989142|5.0|Lauren Conrad's book is very easy to read, the guides are easy to follow and you can learn a lot from her Style book. I would say that every girl, who is a fan of Lauren Conrad should read her book!
1572522089|5.0|The DVD arrived in good condition and timely. I wish I had all the words I need to tell you how much greater are the sound and color (than the VHS). And of course the DVD has all that extra info on Disk 2. We do love watching Japanese movies and are so greatful they have English subtitles.
B004XGWPXC|4.0|I picked this novel up because I have picked it up and put it down at the bookstore around three times -- and I'm so glad I read it. It is always interesting to read love stories written by men -- and this one certainly doesn't disappoint -- but what is most noteworthy about this novel is the fact that Nicholls has such an obviously keen eye for detail -- for how we are. The book is heavy with smart, witty banter and dialogue (both external and internal) -- and it keeps it real. I was especially taken with just how smart it is -- how well it manages to capture that gentle uneasiness that is part of any relationship. I loved this book so much that I can't bring myself to see this movie. There is simply no way that any screenplay can capture the magic of these characters when so much of this magic is tied in the words (words that will need to be cut for time and dumbed down for an audience that couldn't possibly appreciate just how rare it is to have such smart dialogue between two characters.) Yes. It's that good.
B002ZG974M|5.0|Pictures can be more impressive than words. Children sure do live and thrive in the 4 corners of the world. Love is probably the common denominator for each child - regardless of family situation.
B004J4RQIM|5.0|I never knew David Foster was responsible for so many hits until watching this video and the one prior. Quality and content was stellar!
B00328G4XY|2.0|Electric Ladyland CD/DVD (Purchased on 07/17/2011)  by Jimi Hendrix    One of the 2 cd's in this set was defective.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Love, love, love this game! Puzzles are fun and challenging, but not too difficult. The little monster Om Nom is adorable! Highly recommended!
B004EPZ07U|2.0|Green Lantern. I had really high hopes for this film. Ever since last year's Comic-Con, I've been very excited even though many GL fans weren't that happy with the trailer that was shown or the suit reveal on the cover of EW magazine. I thought it looked fantastic. It's a film adapation so they had to change things up to make an adaptation. But did they ever change so much stuff! I don't know how Geoff Johns, one of the executive producers, let this happen! Granted, it could've been a worse movie but it could've been a lot better. I mean, it could've been the comedy flick that Jack Black would've starred in (yes, that was one of the early ideas for the film!).   I'll go ahead and just start with the prefix that, as a Green Lantern fan, I'm moderately sure I wasn't in any way, the target audience for Green Lantern, the movie. Before actually going to see the film, I was flip-flopping on whether or not I would even consider GL a good film. After seeing the TV spots and trailers for the film, the flip-flopping stopped and my excitement mounted. I did my best to shut out any negative opinions from my friends and made it a point to not read any of the reviews.     I finally got to see Green Lantern, and in the depths of it's lacking cohesion I'm left with one overwhelming feeling. It was stupid, and lies within the shadows of what could have been.   The movie relies heavily on the use of CGI, and unfortunately in my opinion this is the biggest downfall of all for Green Lantern. I am in no way against the use of CG effects, but in GL they looked as though they were rushed and perhaps even to the extent of being unfinished. The exception to this would be the planet Oa, and the almost perfectly done ring constructs. Enthralling and beautiful, Oa looks fantastic. The entire world created in front of your eyes, if you're a Green Lantern Fan it looks exactly like you'd imagine. The appreciation for Oa is short lived however as the exploration of the planet is extremely limitedin the film.   As a huge Green Lantern fan, I was let down by the film. I thought the acting was fine for the most part, the special effects were good but the CGI was questionable in some parts. The film had to rely on CGI and that's not a bad thing. You can't make a Green Lantern film without it being entirely CGI. The thing about the Green Lantern costume is that it's not a suit. It's something made from the ring. In the comics it just looks like a spandex suit but it's a sort of construct in itself made by the ring. That's why I think CGI was the best route to go to make it a believable suit. And it is alien, after all.   For the brief period of time we saw Oa and the Corps, it was just eye candy. But can you really make a Green Lantern movie and have the Corps and Oa only on screen for so little time? Hell, even Hal Jordan wasn't on screen in costume for that much.     But let's talk about what I felt was the biggest letdown for fans and that's the story. They changed the story so much that it was appalling to see how they set up Abin Sur's death and Parallax, among other things. The way they did it doesn't set up the Blackest Night prophecy, which is what the GL mythos has been setting up for several years and is the biggest event for the GL universe (I understand it wasn't always about the Blackest Night but compared to Hal's other stories, \\"Secret Origin\\" did it best). I guess it would've been a tad convoluted and overwhelming to introduce Atrocitus and explaining all of that but it was downright injudicious to have the audience think that anyone could contain Parallax. It made the story simpler for movie-goers and the film, it was okay but where do they intend to go with the series with what they've done?  An unfortunate thing with the storytelling of GL as a whole is that there is a disconnect in the chronology of the film vs. that of the origin story. The gravity of Hal Jordan being inducted as the Corps' very first human is completely lost by the overshadowing, and impending threat of Parallax; another momentous occasion in the GL saga. I understand the need for the manipulation of a comic series that may have taken place over a period of 30 years, but the need for the induction of Parallax seemed almost an afterthought to beef up a story that had thus far been thin in action.     As a movie supposedly based off the immensely popular and critically acclaimed Geoff Johns run on the series, unfortunately the makers of the movie decided at some point to manipulate Johns' serious epic into a corny, campy action-comedy that feels like an early age superhero flick that nearly evoked the death of genre.  The aggregation of terribly effects in this film is completely evident even when taking a momentary glance at Parallax (or Turd-allax for those that have seen the film). A floating excrement cloud with the head of a guardian. Similar to the downfall of Galactus from a very similar abortion from Marvel; The Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer.    The one point about Hal being the first human that they got right, was that no one really trusted him. But what did the Guardians think? It's like they didn't even know Hal joined the Corps. We hardly even saw them to begin with! And Sinestro was fantastic, at least for the whole 10 minutes of screen time he had. Sinestro is a pivotal character in the series and is a friend and mentor to Hal Jordan. Where the hell was their relationship? Sinestro and Hal are almost like two sides of the same coin. We never see what Sinestro is really like, his true motivation for taking the yellow ring at the end (and not mention they totally destroyed how the Sinestro Corps gets started but for the purpose of the film it actually works).    Parallax was a total degradation to the character. It is the embodiment of fear, not a figure that was originally a renegade Guardian (it's like they mixed Krona and Parallax in one). I've never seen Parallax as a being that feeds off people's fear and skins them. He possesses their bodies and turns them into a living, breathing embodiment of fear that's terrifying. I felt that Parallax was added because he's a big villainous character and they had no better ideas. Speaking of all this fear, we never learn why Hal truly has fear and how he overcomes it. We never really see Hal as a dynamic character in the film.    The horrible thing is that this film had everything going for it. An all star cast, a great crew and character that have all been eagerly awaiting the chance to grace the screen, especially with the rise in popularity over recent years. You're talking Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively, Peter Sarsgaard, Tim Robbins, Angela Bassett and Mark Strong as the cast, with director Martin Campbell (who resurrected James Bond twice), Geoff Johns, Grant Major (production designer from The Lord of the Rings and King Kong) and a huge budget. It was destined for greatness. But poor writers and the producer who gave us Yogi Bear, Burlesque, and Observe and Report really didn't do the film justice.    Mark Strong definitely does seem to be born to play the part of Sinestro, and the mishandling of the Corps in the writing really sums up the ultimate downfall of GL. What truly separates the saga of Green Lantern from other comics is the idea of the lanterns themselves. An interstellar police force composed of hundreds of characters with a rich a complex mythos; something completely untouched in the film. While the ads will make it seem like a considerable amount of GL takes place on Oa, and characters like Sinestro, Kilowog, and Tomar-Re will be given their just due, don't believe the hype. Ryan Reynolds spends hardly any time at all on planet Oa before skirting back to earth with a huff and a puff upon not yet having \\"what it takes\\" to be a lantern, only to return for a short meeting with the (previously unknown and unseen to moviegoers) Guardians. In my eyes, this choice essentially circumvents the Corps members and renders them virtually pointless. In the story the movie tells, the supposed best Corps members are instantaneously slaughtered until Jordan shows back up and uses his two days of experience to essentially tell them they have been doing things wrong for centuries, and then bests a powerful enemy than not even the entire Corps was unable to handle.    The script, with the exception pre-lantern scenes, treats Hal Jordan as if he is a whiny loser in almost a Peter Parker sort of way. This is a stark but surprising contrast to the cock-sure headstrong Hal Jordan from the comics; a seemingly natural fit to Ryan Reynolds typical demeanor. It feels like there is a strong disconnect between the source material and the end result, and I think the writers as well as Martin Campbell didn't \\"get\\" Green Lantern. Campbell has frequently been a more than capable director, but there is no apparent affinity or love for the story or any of the characters. There is a fair amount of distance between GL and other more sufficient reincarnations like Thor, and X-Men: First Class, movies made from filmmakers who actually love the material and seek to honor and protect it.     Although, there are a few flashes in the film of a true Green Lantern representation, overall the film is a shade and an allusion to what could have been and ultimately a colossal disappointment. In my opinion, there is no comic-book superhero more deserving of a feature film than the Green Lantern, making this an even greater misfire, and further disappointment.     You have directors like Matthew Vaughn (Kick-Ass, X-Men: First Class) who live and breathe those comics. You have Kenneth Branagh who saw the Shakespearean aspect of Thor and made a fantastic film; or Bryan Singer with his two X-Men films and Sam Raimi with Spider-Man. To have a good film you need a passionate director, at least. With Green Lantern, you have a large mythology that constitutes a saga of films. Stripping away the essence of the books by downsizing the Corps and key figures destroys the franchise. The cast themselves have touted this film as a superhero-space epic and akin to Star Wars meets comic books.      Couldn't they, at least, have given Green Lantern a longer running time? I mean, an hour and 45 minutes is a short film by today's standards. A Disney-Pixar film is longer than that. When did a superhero get a film less than two hours? Are you telling me that one can take over 40 years worth of stories, an entire mythology of characters, and one of the most beloved heroes of all time and give said character and universe a short action-less action film where we hardly see said hero in costume with total ignorance of the supporting hero cast? There's a word we use for what they did with Green Lantern and it starts with an \\"R\\" and I'm not going to say it. Ironically, I somehow enjoyed this film for what it was and intend on adding it to my Blu Ray collection...maybe just the fanboy inside speaking out loud.    The Green Lantern comics quickly became a favorite series of mine and I wanted this film to be great. Aside from what other fans said, I always thought Ryan Reynolds would do a good job and I feel he did the character justice, for the most part. Any discrepancies with portrayal of Hal Jordan I blame on the script. I hate to say it but this film reminds me of Ghost Rider. Poor exposition, the title hero isn't seen enough, poor script, poor villain, and a lousy ending. Thank God they didn't get Nic Cage to do GL. With a stronger script, incorporation of the Green Lantern Corps, and even better music (they couldn't even manage to get a memorable theme), this could've been a great film. In short, this film was a waste of valuable resources. Next time, get Chris Nolan to do it.    It's no wonder the movie never made back it's budget from the box office.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|An excellent film worthy of praise. From the special effects, script , the best of the best.     This has to be one of the greatest of all films  no matter how many times you watch this one you can  always watch it again and discover something new.
0553381695|5.0|** Major spoilers for A Game of Thrones. **    King Robert Baratheon is dead and his distasteful heir Joffrey holds the throne with Cersei Lannister as the Queen Regent. They and the rest of the Lannisters fight to keep the throne, but having Joffrey as king who is both sadistic and wrathful doesn't ingratiate the family to their people. Robert's brothers Stannis and Renly both make known their claims to the throne and refuse to compromise with each other. Stannis is the eldest and unrelenting, but Renly is the most loved and charismatic. Robb Stark has been declared King in the North, splitting the land in half, and causing him to fill his father's not inconsiderable shoes and rescue his sisters from the clutches of the Lannisters. Daenerys nurses her three newborn dragons across the ocean and struggles to gather followers to take back to the Seven Kingdoms so she can claim her birthright, the Iron Throne. Outside of all these self proclaimed rulers, the Night's Watch grows smaller and discovers a great barbarian force beyond the Wall and creatures of legend that they never thought actually existed.     This series just gets better and better. Although close to a thousand pages, I devoured this book within a week. I was just compelled to read it at every spare moment. The characters and complex story just sucked me in. More characters are introduced in A Clash of Kings, such as Stannis Baratheon, Melisandre, Brienne of Tarth. In general, I either really love or really hate characters in these books and sometimes I'm just confused because their own narrative portrays them one way while through others' eyes they are portrayed in a different way. Stannis brings in a new concept that hadn't been explored before: religious fanaticism. He wants to take over the throne with the Lord of Light, but he also forsakes all the other gods that are typically worshiped in this world. He doesn't believe in the Lord of Light, but Melisandre does and this evil sorceress helps him enormously.  Brienne of Tarth is another strong female character in this series. For a world that is highly misogynistic, there are a lot of strong women that hold more power than expected. This just shows that misogyny in a story doesn't necessarily mean the story itself or the author is misogynistic. Brienne is different than other women because she is a knight and feels awkward as a woman because she isn't good at things women are expected good at. She proves to be a kick-ass character and just seems born in the wrong time and the wrong world.    Other characters are developed from the previous novel, such as Tyrion Lannister and Sandor Clegane. He is one of my favorite characters in these books. His narrative is laced with wit and cleverness. His is probably the only one where I laugh out loud. He becomes the King's Hand at the end of A Game of Thrones to pick up Joffrey's messes and ingratiate the family with others. In addition to this, he seeks to punish those responsible for Eddard Stark's murderers and to thwart his sister Cersei's commands. He tries very hard to treat those who are weak with kindness and to seek what justice he can provide, but also wants his family to succeed who are largely cruel and horrible. Reading his story, I though his efforts were admirable and he accomplished a lot, but the commoners misinterpret his actions as tyranny and just see him as a horrible, power hungry dwarf. It broke my heart to read that because he's such a good character at heart. On the other hand, I started out hating Sandor Clegane. He was just a dog to carry out his masters commands. In this book, he still does that, but shows a more tender side that I never thought was there. He actually capable of protecting people. It shocked me to find that I had sympathy for him and that he wasn't such a bad guy. George R.R. Martin's writing is amazing and it really shows through his characters.    The story is even more complex than the last book (what with about 10 people declaring themselves King) and the cast of characters expands and contracts with shocking ease. The twists and turns come out of nowhere in A Clash of Kings and leave me with my mouth hanging open in shock. If you're looking for an involved story, intrigue, violence, war, mystery, fantastical creatures, and a very large fight for a throne, I would highly recommend this series.
B002VKZNBS|5.0|This book was a favorite of my children, and now is a favorite of my grandchildren. The board book is perfect for toddlers.
0195145925|3.0|If two physical models of how a system works produce identical predictions and match observations, then there is no basis on which to say either one is \\"real\\" or \\"true.\\"  More generally, even if there were only one such model you can't say that it is \\"true.\\"  The best you can say is that it provides accurate predictions.  The author kept speaking as if his view (that time does not exist) were true and represented reality while the other view (that time does exist) was false.  Unless he can make some prediction and show the no theory that includes time can have the equivalent prediction then there is no basis to say that time does not exist. From my reading of the book, I don't believe he even attempts to make that case.  There are numerous examples in physics where two completely different models produce identical results. Sometimes it is easier to answer certain questions using one model or the other.  In a free lecture on YouTube by Susskind, he mentioned that in some models, certain particles are \\"fundamental\\" while in the analogous other model, different particles were fundamental and the particles that were fundamental in the first model were now composite.  It does no good to speak of which is real.  There might be a reality but in this sort of case it is unknowable.
0439023521|5.0|The United States as we know it no longer exists.  In it's place is Panem, made up of twelve districts and the Capital.  Each year, two children are selected from each district to compete in the Hunger Games, a televised battle to the death.  When Katniss Everdeen's younger sister gets selected for the game, Katniss steps in and takes her place, beginning her journey to become the reluctant hero.      Without a doubt, one of the best books I've read in a long while.  My best advice is to go ahead and pick up all three books in the series.  When you finish the first book late in the night, you'll be glad you did!  My mother, sister, husband, and close friend all loved this book.  This says a lot, as all of us have different tastes in what we like to read. From the beginning I was hooked, and as the story unfolded it never lost momentum.    A compelling storyline, and very well written. Kind of a cross between Shirley Jackson's \\"The Lottery\\" and Stephen King's \\"The Long Walk\\". I would definitely recommend this book.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|Absolutely love this app.  Would give it five stars if it didn&apos;t crash once in a while on my ATRIX.   Get it!
B004SRWW0C|5.0|I have this tool on both my Nook Color &amp; Galaxy Tab.  You need this for all those little tweets to keep your rooted device running smooth.  I found that there is a small learning curve, but once learned you can&apos;t live without it.
030788743X|5.0|I received this book as an advanced copy and I loved it.  I just thoroughly enjoyed the amazing, thrilling journey of this story and its ideas.  There is a lot to think about in this book--possibilities that aren't too far fetched given our current state of the world and technology--and also a lot over which to reminisce.  This book was fun, engaging and wildly imaginative.  I'm really looking forward to more from this author and am begging my husband to read Ready Player One because he is such an 80's and tech geek/freak.  Then we can talk about the book together experience some of the fun again.
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|...I think it's a winner! It's a good adaptation regardless of some of the more mysterious parts of the story being left out. This version has plenty of dark overtones for a gothic romance. I watched the deleted scenes that would have made the movie more like the book...I think the director didn't want to draw the audience too deep into the mystery, which is still present in the background. It might have taken away too much from the focus of building the tension and romance between Jane and Rochester, but you can always pretend the deleted scenes were part of the final cut. Also, I think the love story being more prevalent actually helps to add more shock value when the mystery is finally revealed. I am very satisfied with this modern take on 'Jane Eyre', and I am choosing to appreciate it for what it is and not criticize it for what it's not.<br /><br />Wasikowska and Fassbender have excellent chemistry, and both actors are skilled at portraying subtle emotion; their passion is deep but not conveyed in an over-the-top manner. I wouldn't have minded a few more sexually tense dramatic pauses and kissing scenes, but I think we see a good amount of Jane and Edward's affection for each other, possibly more than any other film version.<br /><br />I'm glad I own it, and I will watch it again and again! I highly recommend it!<br /><br />p.s. Timothy Dalton's Rochester was very near perfect in the BBC version, and I think Michael Fassbender portrays Rochester perfectly for this modern albeit incomplete version...Dalton has the upper hand when it comes to sexy smoldering, though.
B004IJY4L0|5.0|Been collecting music for 25 years, and Pendulum is some of the very best. If you want banging electro/drum and bass/kitchen sink with great songwriting, great melodies, and great production, look no further. The only down side to Immersion is having to wait another couple of years until they release their next full length.
B004R13U6Y|4.0|This (like apparently most Amazon hosted Apps) is way behind the versions on the Google Android Market. This App is getting frequent updates over at Google and here? Nothing for the last 3 months.    Amazon, you really have to get this sorted. The rumor is you are alienating developers and as a consequence they stop supporting your market. Therefore your customers end up with outdated software. Additionally, not having any official grace/return period in you terms and conditions for purchasing apps (I once got a courtesy refund as an exception for an app that wasn't compatible, despite being listed as) makes the Amazon App Store an unreasonable choice.    I really hope to see some progress, because Amazon App Store technology with virtualized previews is impressive.    ----  Update:  Shortly after posting this a new update finally appeared. Thanks!  Please keep updating your apps in all stores.
1400032717|4.0|The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time   by Mark Haddon  book review    Christopher Boone lives in an upstairs bedroom with his pet rat Toby. Christopher's mother died a few years ago and his father tries his best but he struggles as a single parent. Their house has barely changed in the past two years. Across the street lives their friend Mrs. Shears, but will she be their friend for much longer? Christopher's world as he knows it is about to be spun around and tossed out the window forever.     An exceptional talent for math and a hatred of the colors yellow and brown are not the only things that make Christopher an unusual person. If the furniture isn't in the exact same place, he can't cope. The smallest change to his daily routine sends Christopher over the edge and only math and some calm words will soothe him. Despite his personal challenges Christopher is happily anticipating his A level maths. He is going to get an A grade of course.     The seemingly quiet English neighborhood they live in is fraught with secrets. When Mrs. Shears' dog is murdered Christopher is determined to find the killer, but he may not like what he finds. As Christopher investigates he finds out things about his parents that he never dreamed possible. He goes on a quest for the truth and undertakes the perilous trip through the underground trains. To Christopher this is more than just a train ride; this is the most difficult thing he has ever attempted.      This novel shocked me and drew me in. I wanted to help Christopher, but at the same time couldn't wait to see what he would do next. With every new surprise comes a new realization or another question. For Christopher life will never be the same. He has a difficult task, to make it through the city. If he makes it he will be safe, but there are people that want to stop him. Good thing he has his rat Toby to keep him company.
0553801473|3.0|You would think that this book would be great considering how long it took Martin to write this sequel.  I especially dislike the way it is repeating parts of stories that have already been told in A Feast for Crows.  The first three books were much better.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I'm not the biggest Beatles fan but this Album is great and has all the fan needs. I thought all the music was well mastered and sounded great. I think some of these if not all were originally in Mono, I know some were. The stereo separation is nice in this. I listened to this Album twice on the way to Destin one time and loved it the second time as much as the first. I could listen to this album all day. Highly recommended for any Beatles fan for sure!
B000GIXLO8|5.0|The two towers extended edition     For me is the better part of the lord of the rings, because the scenography of Rohan and the characters are perfect, the quality on the lord of the rings movies is very high and is for it and for others things that is my favorite triology in all times.
B004GYY714|5.0|This is great!  I don't have many songs loaded on my phone, so this is great to be able to listen to the radio!
0439023521|5.0|My mother-in-law purchased the three book set for my 11-year-old son.  She told me to read it after he finished.  Great book!  It was fun discussing the book with my son.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I can't express how much I loved this book.  I couldn't put it down, and stayed up until well into the morning to finish it.  The title says it all.  This book is truely a Beautiful Disaster.  I won't get into too much detail or plot summary as others have already done so.  I just want to say that you will not be dissapointed with this story.  Once I finished I was still craving more, so I re-read it in the same week.  Now I just need to find another book to take over this crazing of reading it again!
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I won't go into the plot but if u love possessive heroes u have  to read this book u won't be disappointed. I almost did not buy this book because like the old saying don't judge a book by it's cover well I did luckly I came back later.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I LOVED this movie so much. Words cannot even begin to describe how I much I felt for this movie! It contains comedic and dramatic moments that made me laugh out loud or tugged on my heartstrings. All of the cast in this movie do a fantastic job, and I really hope this movie wins an award of some sort. I applaud the director, rest of the crew and cast, and also the author for making this movie and the book possible, and even though I own but have yet to read the book \\"The Help\\" by Kathryn Stockett, I can say that the movie was definitely worth seeing. A must see movie, in my opinion!!! Can't wait for the DVD/Blu-Ray to come out!! :D I can definitely see this movie again!
555476455X|4.0|The picture was good.  It arrived in a timely manner.  The sound was very inconsistent - it got loud and then low for no apparent reason.
B001NLL8LA|5.0|As many have noted the prior novel was a bit of the formula.  Lee Child makes up for it here.  Basic run-down:<br /><br />1.  Reacher is drawn into a situation that he feels compelled to solve for no apparent reason;<br />2.  Reacher kills/maims all opposition like he was Robocop;<br />3.  Reacher has relations with a chick before heading into the final battle;<br />4.  Reacher headbutts some fools;<br />5.  Reacher single-handedly outsmarts the best and the brightest of the US intelligence community and Al Queda.<br /><br />Makes you wonder why we need an armed forces.  Just put Reacher in the mix and about 4 days later everything is fixed.
B004TTZHBK|5.0|This is one of the more beautiful apps that I've seen, and is the type of useful app I would love to see more of. He makes cooking look easy and I found myself making a few recipes I would not have dreamed of trying without Jamie's help.    It worked great on my EVO 3D and my Galaxy Tab. Nice work!
B000J103OI|5.0|The dvd arrived on time and in 'like new' condition as described. It's also a great movie, I'd highly reccomend it.
1451629184|5.0|Jaycee's memoir is remarkably inspirational and beautifully written. I have no doubt in my mind that Jaycee's story will inspire many more after me.  Incredible read.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I bought this e-book just as I was going out for two months of sick leave from work. I didn't get around to reading it until a month after I returned on one of my nights off and I wound up reading it until almost dawn. I didn't think that it would be such a good story. I have come across many books that have had mostly positive reviews that wound up falling flat for me but this is one that I can totally stand by. I understand why its so highly regarded and I only hope hollywood does justice to it in their adaptation.
B004YJMQCS|3.0|From this type of movie; they, the producer & their cohorts think that they had created an<br />excellent entertainment for the world.  But some people may think that its possible that<br />they may had been drunk or on some sort of drugs (cocaine or heroin) while creating such<br />vile and atrocious film.<br />This film should be placed among the most violent and irresponsible films ever made.<br />Its beyond beliefs, that these days film-makers and the media at large do glorify and/or<br />immortalize criminals, drunks, and druggos through their movies and/or media newsreels<br />just for quick bucks.  In respect of portraying sex, there again its mostly with violence<br />instead of passion and/or consensual acceptance between adults, which in those latter<br />instances are immoral for them because there is no violence to show, in all to please the<br />taste of moviegoers' weirdos without taking in consideration of the taste of family<br />filmgoers .<br />Due to these factors, I do rate this film with an \\"O\\" rating for its creativity, but for the<br />3D effects I give a \\"3\\" rating. Overall my rating stands at \\"3\\".
B000EHSVOG|5.0|This is a classic film which gives the viewer a true-to-life account of what could result should a fire break out in a high-rise building, as well as presenting the potential dangers and consequences resulting of cutting corners in building materials and safety equipment in order to reduce building costs.  Its another one of those films which I liked upon it release but never got around to buying until now. It is also another one of those films with great performances from an all-star cast! Seeing and having Steve McQueen and Paul Newman working together in the same film is also a treat!  A fine entertaining, edge-of-you-seat type of film throughout!
B005FJ8V3E|5.0|After seeing this wonderful movie that's based on a real happening, it's a keeper for us. We saw this on Amazon's Instant Videos at home, and, we recommend that service. Only downside is it takes way too long to download.     We will add this DVD to our movie treasures for future viewing as soon a the price drops a little more.
B004P4S4NM|5.0|In a world of pop crap and a lack of talent, Adele is so refreshing. This album fed my need for soulful ballots and hot upbeat songs to dance around the house to. I love Adele, her voice and style don't center on the vulgarity and hyper-sexualized anything to sell an album nature that is now predominate in much of today's music.
B0058FW26C|2.0|I thought some of the scenes were amazing but I wasn't ready for the blow by blow visuals that got tiring after 45-60 minutes of the same thing over and over.  A few scenes were fun to watch.  Acting was so-so, not really there for me.   Glad I didn't have to pay $12 to see this, that WOULD'VE been overkill!!!
0553801473|4.0|A wonderfully written fifth entry to the series.  The pacing was refreshingly faster then the plodding A Feast for Crows, not to mention the return of the varsity PoVs.  The reader is brought up to speed on the events surrounding our varsity PoV's during the events of AFFC and once both stories timelines merge the stories intensify resulting in a suprising end.  The Winds of Winter will start off with a bang.  This entry has a Clash of Kings feel to it.
B00574Q7PQ|5.0|THis was a fantastic movie. You were off on a different tangent when BINGO they changed to whole outcome and you couldn't see it happening until you were well into watching it happen before your eyes.  Wow, that was exciting and a great thriller!     If you like thrillers, spy-movies, plots that you have to follow to find out where you've been and where you are going, this is the movie for you.     Recommend it highly.  We have always enjoyed movies that Liam Neeson is starring in.  He is really a good actor.  I liked the previous one that he starred in where he goes after his kidnapped daughter. That was intense as well.     I hope he will venture into other areas like romance, drama, etc.  He will do well in anything he tries.
0312600844|1.0|The same boring story told over and over with different details each time.  Maybe that is an artistic representation of real life but I read for escape and this is not it.  Not a page turner either.  I admit I did not finish it.  Used to be if I bought a book it was an investment and I felt I must read it, now I realize my time is the most valuable thing I have, once I decide a book is a dud I am not going to plow through another 100 pages of it.  My feeling about this book is that it is the kind of relationship story that women like but written in a very masculine way, without the feeling or character development that would appeal to me.  And there was NO \\"need to know\\" storyline like a good mystery or even a good romance would have.  The Scarlet Letter was zippier.
0316743305|5.0|As a former Skunk Works engineer I was interested in seeing if the book accurately portrayed the atmosphere of the organization.  It does.  Interesting stories, a good summary of the philosophy that built the Skunk Works, and some sober advice sprinkled on at the end.    If you like planes, or if you are interested in innovative business practices this will definitely hold your attention.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|You can&apos;t have a good game without a great concept. This is a great game with the best concept  I&apos;ve seen in a long time. Thanks to the devs for a primo brain workout. DC
B005D0RDIE|3.0|I had written a five-star review of this product before even purchasing it because I attended the Kansas City show on this tour, and was very happy with the concert.  I must have been oblivious to Geddy Lee's vocal performance in that show - I just didn't notice anything different from any of his other performances in the past.  Well, when I first played this live set, I was immediately aware of an ugh-factor in the vocal \\"talent\\" of Mr. Lee.  Yikes.  I know Geddy has never been the prototypical lead singer, with the soaring voice and expansive range.  But we Rush fans had grown accustomed to his banshee-like shrieks over the years and appreciated his window of ability that was uniquely his own.  Sadly, those days are over.  Now, he simply sounds like and old man who has lost what he once had and is still trying to hit those high notes again.  I really want to love this cd set.  Moving Pictures is a classic album, played complete for the first time ever on tour.  I love the song Camera Eye, as well as the two new tracks from their next album (if they ever finish it) Clockwork Angels.  I want this to be musical perfection.  Unfortunately, due to the embarrassing efforts of a certain lead singer, it isn't.  Rush fans - take heed.  This is not the same Rush we grew up with.  Enter at your own risk.
B004V5QWU2|5.0|Amazingly high sound quality and fantastic selection of sounds.   Really helps with relaxing and very enjoyable.   I do hope they let us have a favorites button at some point.   Oh, you can also run more than one sound at a time...  my kids love messing with that.
1250004349|1.0|the longer I read (or actually listened on cd discs), the lower the ratings! What started initially as a  \\"four star\\" very good and well written narrative about Sarah's horrendous nightmare, deteriorated into a \\"Lifetime television\\" melodrama, with an extraordinarily self-centered Julia,  who insists on imposing her own issues on all the other characters.  Her husband, Bernard, is a weak, equally self-centered individual; no empathy or any feeling for either one of them.  They are whiny egocentric characters who absolutely detract from the emotionally wrenching persona of Sarah.  How the author slipped into this discord is beyond me.  The somewhat pathologic ending seems right out of a badly made movie for cable television.  So much could have been done with this story line - maybe she should have focused entirely on Sarah? This was such a waste!
067144901X|5.0|I first purchased this book over 25 years ago for my granddaughter.  By the time she was one year old she could say the words before I did.  She 'read' this book over and over to me and to herself.  I recently purchased this book for a friends first grandchild.  I know little Grady will enjoy this book as much as my Jennifer did.  I was so happy to find Moo Baa LaLaLa at Amazon.  I couldn't find it anywhere else.  Thanks, Amazon.
B004Y1USJE|4.0|Although I've been a long time Yes fan who owns every recording that they've ever put out, I was originally reluctant to purchase this CD. This was due not so much to it being without Jon Anderson as the front man, but rather due to Jon's seemingly rude treatment by the rest of the band in his removal. I was having a hard time with this considering how much contribution Jon had given to the band over the decades. However, upon further consideration I realized that the band had not released a studio recording in 10 years and this had been due largely to Jon. First he did not want to do another album after the rather disappointing reception that \\"Magnification\\" received, even though other band members wanted to do another release. Second he further held up the band both in the studio as well on the road as a result of his increasing health problems. While I certainly do not blame Jon for the latter (and I'm glad to hear he is doing better) the two factors taken together led me to realize that a band needs to be able to move on if one of the members continually holds them up, regardless of the reason, so long as the band can continue producing its key sound in doing so. Do I wish Jon's \\"firing\\" had been handled less coldly? Of course, but then I don't know the whole story and don't know what really goes on behind the scenes. In any case, I got over my initial reluctance and went ahead and purchased the album.<br /><br />The concern still remained, however, of a Yes album without Jon Anderson as the lead singer and, let's face it, Jon was a key part of their sound for the vast majority of their output. Can Yes without Jon still be called \\"Yes\\"? Well, the answer, in a word, is `yes.' The band had already shown that it could survive successfully in the studio (though not so much on the stage) with a Jon-less version of Yes in the form of the 1980s album \\"Drama.\\" While not one of their greatest albums, it's one that has increasingly grown on me over the years to the point where I readily consider it part of the Yes \\"canon,\\" even sans Jon. While very different in style, it still maintained many of the key trademarks of the band's unique sound. So now the question becomes, has the band successfully done this again with their latest Jon-less effort? The answer, again, in a word, is \\"yes.\\" And in many ways they succeed more so than they did with \\"Drama.\\"<br /><br />The first noticeable thing is that \\"Fly From Here\\" is extremely reminiscent of \\"Drama\\" and this actually works in the album's favor. This creates a connection with that part of Yes' history which was also without Jon and this allows the listener to more quickly come to terms with the fact that Jon isn't on this one. The \\"Drama\\" resemblance is not only in its line up (i.e., the return of \\"Drama\\" alumni Geoff Downes and Trevor Horn to the Yes-fold, though the latter as producer rather than as lead vocalist) but also in its overall sound. \\"Drama\\" not only had much of the music written or co-written by Horn and Downes, formerly of The Buggles, but it was also co-produced by Horn (along with longtime Yes producer Eddie Offord), and this gave \\"Drama\\" a unique aural texture from previous Yes albums, most noticeably in the form of a not-unpleasant though somewhat pop-like choppy quality, particularly in the lead vocals and keyboards. This quality is continued on in \\"Fly From Here\\" and to good effect, particularly in the title track (which is actually a holdover from \\"Drama\\" which never got put on that album but which was performed on stage during the tour) as well as \\"Madman at the Screens.\\" But \\"Drama\\" also demonstrated a much harder edged sound than previous Yes outings (\\"Machine Messiah\\" is a classic example of this) and this is where \\"Fly\\" parts ways (though this sound does rear its head a bit in \\"Madman\\"). In its place the album re-grounds itself in more classic Yes sounds, as provided by Howe and Squire's instrumental contributions as well as Squire's vocals. [By the way, I've increasingly noticed through listening to \\"Drama\\" and now \\"Fly\\" how important Chris' voice is to the overall sound of Yes. In fact, it would actually be the loss of *his* voice rather than Jon's that would be the undoing of the band's sound. Listen to the \\"Anderson, Brufford, Wakeman, and Howe\\" album to see what I'm talking about. A good album, but it just doesn't sound like Yes at all even with all of those primary Yes-men in it.] By focusing more strongly on classic Yes qualities than \\"Drama\\" did, \\"Fly\\" is able to give Yes-fans the familiarity of \\"Drama\\" without copying its formula and, thereby, allows it to stand (or should I say, fly) on its own. Finally the band captures some of the sound that it developed on its more recent studio albums such as \\"The Ladder\\" and \\"Magnification.\\" These three elements bring a full panoramic \\"view\\" of the band's history to the album (at least those parts of the band's history that Howe has been a part of). So, rather than attempting to forge a completely new sound for this outing, what results on \\"Fly\\" is the band returning to some previously explored territory from several past moments of its history. The final product is music that is at once familiar and recognizable but is at the same time fresh and new. This also gives the band a much revitalized sound as if they were starting over again. Not bad for a bunch of aging rockers, some of whom have been at this game for over 40 years!<br /><br />So what about the new guy, David Benoit? I must admit I was highly skeptical at first (as no doubt were most Yes fans) and when he was touring with the band I refused to see them live even when the opportunity afforded itself. I felt this would be like seeing a Broadway play with the lead actor's understudy filling in. Now that Mr. Benoit has been fully knighted as an official member of the band, that feeling has pretty much evaporated (though I still probably won't see them live without Jon). So what about him? First, let's just get it out of the way: he's no Jon Anderson and he's a far cry from providing the kind of ethereal vocals that Jon could. I don't think there will ever be a replacement for Jon, and Yes will always be at their best with him helming the lead microphone (and, sadly, those days might never be seen again). That being said, I like David's voice very much and enjoy his contribution to the album. He provides an interesting mid-point between Jon Anderson and Trevor Horn, though leaning slightly more towards Jon. But he also doesn't end up sounding like a Yes cover-band vocalist even though he was one for many years. David stands on his own as a Yes front man while still capturing much of the sound that historically has been necessary for the band to sound like it does. As such, he is a very good fit.<br /><br />Probably the strongest negative I have for this album is the one song that seems out of place: the Squire penned, \\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be.\\" This song sounds more like the band doing a cover of a James Taylor tune and it just stands out like a sore thumb. It's not a dreadful, unlistenable song; it's just not a Yes song and doesn't belong on \\"Fly From Here.\\" Other than that, the songs on here stand the Yes-test and are welcome additions to the band's studio canon.<br /><br />So overall I'm well pleased with the \\"Fly From Here.\\" It's certainly no classic on the level of \\"Fragile,\\" \\"Close to the Edge\\" or \\"Going For The One,\\" and it doesn't have songs on it that take me to ecstatic heights like \\"Awaken,\\" \\"Roundabout\\" or \\"Ritual\\" do. But it's an album that I'm glad they made rather than didn't make and has quite a few musical gems on it to enjoy. It also has one of the best album covers a Yes album has ever had (thanks once again to Roger Dean). I liked \\"Magnification\\" but it wasn't the album that I wanted Yes to go out on. I'm not sure this one is either, but it's certainly more in line with what I would like their swan song to be (a more straight-forward prog rock album rather than an experimental symphonic recording). But I'm still hoping for one more album from this band and, with no disrespect to Mr. Benoit or Mr. Downes, I hope they can get the classic line-up in the studio for a final bow. That probably won't happen, but you never know.n Anderson and he's a far cry from providing the kind of ethereal vocals that Jon could. I don't think there will ever be a replacement for Jon, and Yes will always be at their best with him helming the lead microphone (and, sadly, those days might never be seen again). That being said, I like David's voice very much and enjoy his contribution to the album. He provides an interesting mid-point between Jon Anderson and Trevor Horn, though leaning slightly more towards Jon. But he also doesn't end up sounding like a Yes cover-band vocalist even though he was one for many years. David stands on his own as a Yes front man while still capturing much of the sound that historically has been necessary for the band to sound like it does. As such, he is a very good fit.    Probably the strongest negative I have for this album is the one song that seems out of place: the Squire penned, \\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be.\\" This song sounds more like the band doing a cover of a James Taylor tune and it just stands out like a sore thumb. It's not a dreadful, unlistenable song; it's just not a Yes song and doesn't belong on \\"Fly From Here.\\" Other than that, the songs on here stand the Yes-test and are welcome additions to the band's studio canon.    So overall I'm well pleased with the \\"Fly From Here.\\" It's certainly no classic on the level of \\"Fragile,\\" \\"Close to the Edge\\" or \\"Going For The One,\\" and it doesn't have songs on it that take me to ecstatic heights like \\"Awaken,\\" \\"Roundabout\\" or \\"Ritual\\" do. But it's an album that I'm glad they made rather than didn't make and has quite a few musical gems on it to enjoy. It also has one of the best album covers a Yes album has ever had (thanks once again to Roger Dean). I liked \\"Magnification\\" but it wasn't the album that I wanted Yes to go out on. I'm not sure this one is either, but it's certainly more in line with what I would like their swan song to be (a more straight-forward prog rock album rather than an experimental symphonicrecording). But I'm still hoping for one more album from this band and, with no disrespect to Mr. Benoit or Mr. Downes, I hope they can get the classic line-up in the studio for a final bow. That probably won't happen, but you never know.
B002TVQ4GW|5.0|This movie takes a bit of patience to watch. The first 15 minutes, as another review has said, takes some getting used to: one has to put aside some thoughts that question decisions made by certain characters.  If you go with the first stanza, the rest opens up into a magnificently twisted psychological thriller. Rarely have I seen something so masterfully created - with such detail! I was very excited about this movie when I saw the trailer a year or so back on BloodyDisgusting.com, and I was excited to see that with my Prime Membership, I was able to watch this for FREE. Wow - am I happy I didn't look at the cover art. It gives way too much away. Even though you will figure it out before the reveal, it will definitely ruin it by solidifying it in your mind instead of questioning what you're seeing during the movie.  Watch it without watching or reading anything. It will surprise you.     After the movie, we spent a good hour trying to draw diagrams of the different timelines to explain it further to ourselves. Not many movies will charge us to do so.  Thank you to the creator for giving us something to sink our teeth into. It's so rare nowadays with all the garbage we're being fed by Hollywood.
1423389387|5.0|There are lots of reviews on the content of the book already, most of them are very favorable.  So, I will simply address the audiobook.  It arrived well packaged and promptly.  The CD's were in perfect condition.  Each CD was well organized in terms of a starting and ending point.  I actually went ahead and compare it to the text in some parts, and it was a perfect match.  It's great for someone with a long commute, like me.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|This app has all but made it impossible for me to sleep in... Believe me, I try buy it is hard when my phone won&apos;t snooze until I answer a barrage of math questions. Limiting the amount of times I snooze so that the alarm sounds till I am headed down the road for 2 min is pure evil genius. worth so much more than the measly buck fifty. Thanks got the fantastic app
B004I8WD6E|5.0|I bought this right after I purchased my iPhone.  The case fits perfectly for it and the screen prorector was a lot easier to put on that I thought it would be.  So far, this case has done a great job of protecting from drops and keys in my purse.
B002OFWG7E|4.0|Over 15 years, 6 albums and the constant creativity of Dave Grohl, the Foo Fighters have cut some amazing rock and roll. Grohl has never gone for the fancy or elaborate stuff. He's mainly a traditionalist; Guitars, bass, keyboards and drums with a frontman who bellows his words like every single syllable has deep meaning and impact. Thirteen radio favorites and concert staples, plus three new songs.<br /><br />If you're an album rock (or now, classic rock) fan, most of these will be well worn into your mind. From 1995's \\"This Is a Call\\" (which was Grohl as one-man band) to the tribute \\"My Hero\\" to the political broadside \\"The Pretender,\\" many of these were the staple songs of their times. Coming out of Nirvana, Grohl kept to much of that band's model. The songs work the soft-LOUD-soft-chorus framework that Nirvana often used (\\"All My Life\\") while the Foos developed their own rock voice (the more acoustic \\"Skin and Bones\\"). It's that sense of classicism that has elevated Grohl and Foo Fighters beyond the post-grunge era and into that of a classic band.<br /><br />In this period, they've made what I consider two classic albums, \\"The Colour and The Shape\\" and \\"One By One.\\" (I'm also very partial to \\"Wasted Light,\\" but that was issued after this hits set was released. However, they've also made some widely uneven albums. That makes this best of a great Foo's single disc if you've been hesitant to go for the albums over the decades.
0802473156|5.0|Has opened my eyes to so many wonderful ways to really show the one I love and care about that I do love and care about them, not in my way, but the way that is best for them... My husband has read and now too understands my wants and needs... It is a fast read.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Very fun and addicting game. I just can&apos;t get enough. I hope they keep updating it and adding more stuff. If you need a break from Angry Birds, definitely get this game!
B005EHQGTS|5.0|This was my first app purchase for my Acer Iconia A500 tablet from the Amazon App Store and I'm so glad I took a chance on it. Super easy to get the program setup on my two Windows 7 computers (one 32 bit, one 64 bit), and this is honestly better than I'd imagined it would be. Sound works perfectly, too. Can't say enough good things about this.
1250004349|3.0|I loved most of the book, it was well written in the first half, the second half I felt was reminiscent of the Danielle Steele novels I read as a teen. (no offense to Ms.Steele fans) It was so compelling, I read the first half in one night but when you found out she died, conveniently, and everyone's relationship started to sour, and then she has the baby, and the name is withheld (what could it be?)it seemed like a different writer took over.   I'm glad I read it for the education and impetus to learn more. I had many books on the Holocaust as a young adult but this part of history, I hadn't read about.   For that and for the first half, I don't regret buying it.
1600242405|5.0|I have always found the Rolling Stones fascinating. To live lives like these men must be a never ending roller coaster.  I have really enjoyed listening to this audio book. It is touching and funny and well written.  Keith Richards is a very talented man who deeply appreciates music of all types and credits his many influences in this book.  It is not just about the drugs and women but it is how he became to be one of the greatest musicians of all time.  Very well read by Johnny Depp, just enjoyable.zx
B0044DEAUA|3.0|SUMMARY:  =============  This is a simple device and easy to use, but sometimes the Bluetooth stays connected through-out the house, while my truck is in the driveway.  This is the main reason I give this 4-stars.  Charging port is under the device and if you are running low, it is hard to keep it mounted while stuffing the charging cord in between the device and the sun-visor.  That is a minor reason why I also give it 4-stars.  [See Update at bottom, recently lowered to 3-stars]    What's in the box:  ====================  1. SuperTooth Buddy bluetooth device  2. Car charger that uses mini-USB  3. Magnetic clip that allows you to use the device with the sun-visor closed or open    What I like about this:  ========================  1. Simple to setup and use; it gets the job done!  2. I press the green button and I can do voice-dialing the same way as I do with just my phone.  3. Seems like a pretty good battery charge, seeing how I never turn it off... probably 2-3 weeks worth, but I do not make lenghty calls in my car  4. Good price  5. Good volume, nice and loud  6. Callers report my voice sounds clear, though they can tell I'm on a speakerphone  7. Seems to work well in this Texas heat, which probably exceeds 120degrees inside the car in July/August, my Motorola T-325 did not. [See Update!!]    What I don't like about this:  =============================  1. No caller id, it only rings or you have to look at your phone display - for $20 more, the Jabra Cruiser2 and Motorola T-325 announces the caller's name!  2. Bluetooth signal is almost too strong.  I've parked my car in the driveway and sometimes it stays connected.  I kid you not, but I take aluminum foil and just wrap it around my phone when I come home and usually the bluetooth signal drops and it disconnects.      Why don't I just turn off bluetooth on my phone?? Well, more times than not, every time I turn off Bluetooth on the phone, I forget to turn it back on and usually it is when I am driving and the phone is not easily accessible.  You don't want to go around digging for your phone, that's why you get a Bluetooth speakerphone like this :).    Why don't I just turn off the actual device??  Well, more times than not, every time I turn off the device, I forget to turn it on, and usually it's when someone calls me and only my phone rings, etc.  At this point it is too late to turn it on and hope it pairs in time AND answer the call.    So my aluminum foil method is silly but it works.  Just wrap it for a few minutes when you come home and it seems to stay disconnected.  The next time you get in your car, it will auto-pair.    3. One time with my phone in a backpack in the back seat, it took almost 10 minutes after I went over a speed bump before it auto-paired.  *Most* of the times, it pairs within a minute of getting to my car.  I'll strike this as a freak occurrence and update this review later if it reoccurs.    4. You have to hold the power button for a full 10 seconds before it turns off, but then again, I rarely turn it off, for reasons mentioned above    5. The charging port is on the bottom of the device, not on the side, this makes it very difficult to charge while mounted on the sun visor or on the clip.    How does it compare to other devices I've used?  ================================================  1. I've owned two of the Motorola T-325 and that device has *EVERY* feature I have ever wanted, from caller-id-NAME-announce, auto on/off, automatic low battery warning, long battery life, easy to charge while mounted on the sun-visor, wonderful wonderful device - BUT POOR RELIABILITY.  One flat out broke and the second one seems to overheat in Texas, it will connect and disconnect 10 times while driving.  Both occurred outside the warranty period.  If the Motorola T-325 was more reliable I'd still be using it.  Motorola has a newer version called the Roadster, but I'm seeing the same reliability issues in the reviews.    How does it compare to other devices I've researched?  =======================================================  1. For about $20 more, the Jabra Cruiser2 seems to match the Motorola T-325 that I used to love, but the Cruiser2 does not have perfect reviews and no auto on/off.  The Cruiser2 does do caller-id-NAME-announce though. If the reviews were more consistently better, I would've considered the Cruiser2.  2. The Motorola Roadster is a little more, but I am hesitant because of my T-325 reliability issues also, a lot of 1-star reviews...  3. The Jabra Freeway is brand new, but 3 times the price!  If the Jabra Freeway drops in price by 60% I would consider it - it also has caller-id-NAME-announce, auto on/off, etc.  Does not have exactly perfect reviews.    So until the next perfect device comes out with really good reviews, I decided to save money and get the SuperTooth Buddy.  In the pursuit of hands-free, it gets the job done, minus some of the nice frills of more expensive units out there.      [Update 9-6-2011]  I have now returned my SuperTooth Buddy for several reasons:  A. The first time I needed to charge it, I charged it for several hours until the \\"halo\\" light turned green.  The next day I used it fine.  The second day, it would not turn on at all. I charged it up again and it seemed to work fine for a few days....    B. With my phone in the cupholder, it did not auto-pair for another 10 minutes, this has now occurred 3 times.  Sure, I can turn the unit on/off and or toggle my bluetooth and make it pair, but I shouldn't have to, it should automatically pair when in range.  For battery-savings, perhaps *MY* phone defaults to checking every 10 minutes if it doesn't find a device for a long while, or it could be the SuperTooth, who knows, but other devices like the T-325 (and BlueAnt S4 and Jabra Freeway) automatically turns itself off and on, so this was never an issue before.    C. I decided to return it when it wouldn't turn on again 2 more times.  The second time it happened, it worked on the way home after a short trip doing errands.  The third time, I got a little Sherlock idea, and put the device on the a/c vent to cool it off (even though it was not too hot to touch).  After just a couple of minutes, the device then turned on and auto-paired and worked fine since. So my assumption is that if it gets too hot in your car, that the device won't power on.  (You can test if it is on by hitting the \\"Up\\" volume button, when it reaches max volume level, you should always hear a beep, regardless of being paired.  Holding down the power button should also beep on/off, too.  In my cases, the device would never turn on or beep, etc.)    Final Parting Summary:  =======================  With the 30-day warranty period almost over, I decided I needed to return it ASAP given the reliability issues I've seen related to Texas Heat so far.  Too much finagling involved to make it work; things should just work out of the box. I still think 3-stars is fair because those of you in a much milder climate, might have great luck with this.  When it works (and turns on) it is a pretty decent no frills bluetooth speakerphone, especially for the price.  Like another review mentions, if you're sitting on your couch one day and go to use your phone and hear nothing, it is probably because the bluetooth is still connected in your car! hehehe. This is probably why the other manufacturers added *motion-sensing* auto on/off...
B0058ZPMYG|5.0|\\"Life is like walking in the rain... you can hide and take cover or you can just get wet.\\"<br /><br />Rarely in a film do I find a quote within it that perfectly describes the lessons it's trying to portray.  In \\"Hesher\\", directed by Spencer Susser, this quote resonated with me.  It was not until I heard that line that I fully understood what this movie was about.  \\"Hesher\\" is a great film.  One with a lot of heart and some brilliant writing.  Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays the outrageous Hesher perfectly and is by far (aside from \\"Mysterious Skin\\") his best work to date.<br /><br />\\"Hesher\\" plays out like a weird dream.  T.J., impressively played by Devin Brochu, is a young boy struggling with the loss of his mother.  He lives with his father Paul and his grandmother.  Paul, played by Rain Wilson, has fallen into a deep depression letting go all of his responsibility to his son and his own mother.  It's a very tragic situation they are in.  In a fit of rage T.J. vandalizes what he thinks is an unoccupied building and as a result is confronted by Hesher, terrifying T.J. in the process.  Hesher decides to follow T.J. to his home and lets himself in.  T.J. can't do anything about this random person entering the house, doing laundry and generally just making himself at home for fear that Hesher will harm his family.  What follows is a plethora of black comedy and heartfelt change within both Hesher and this distraught family.<br /><br />At it's heart, \\"Hesher\\" is a film about not being able to see the things that are right in front of us until an outsider smacks us in the face with reality.  This isn't apparent in the beginning of the film, but as Hesher gets to know the family and the situation they are in he goes from \\"house squatting\\" to being part of the family.  In doing so the family is able to climb out of the rut they are in and fill the void left by the passing of the mother with the idea that life goes on.  The film takes a lot of time to get to this realization, but the time spent getting there is great fun to watch.<br /><br />Joseph Gordon-Levitt impresses me more every time I see him.  His portrayal of the careless, fowl mouthed, violent, heavy metal loving outsider that we have all known at some point in our lives is spot on.  Levitt seemed to really engulf himself into this role, almost to the point where he wasn't acting and just being himself.  Rain Wilson also impressed me.  His feature films have generally been him re-hashing his role from \\"The Office\\" in various outrageous situations.  This time he was genuine and proved to this reviewer that his range goes beyond the weird goofball we are used to seeing.  Natalie Portman plays the small role of T.J.'s older love interest.  She was good, but her role seemed more like filler than anything else.  There is nothing wrong with that, her character just wasn't an important role to the story it seemed.<br /><br />One of the best aspects of this film was the relationship between Hesher and the grandmother, Madeleine, played by Piper Laurie.  Hesher sees how Madeleine is just wandering aimlessly while Paul and T.J. deal with their problems completely ignoring her needs.  Hesher, I think finds something that reminds him of his own mother in Madeleine and shares some sweet moments with her.  Fortunately for Hesher, the grandmother's age has left her with the ability to completely ignore the fact that Hesher is just a stranger intruding into their lives and ends up treating him like one of her own.  This, I think is the turning point for Hesher and we see the change within him.<br /><br />This film goes much deeper than what is on the surface.  Director and writer Spencer Susser did an amazing job with keeping the underlying meanings hidden until the right time for them to come to fruition.  Not once was I bored with what was going on and I couldn't wait to see what the next scene had to offer.  With this being Susser's first feature film, I am excited to see what he has nextin the pipeline.  Make no mistake, there is some vial language in this film so it's not for those that will not be able to get past the offensiveness of it all.  But as I said, underneath the chain-smoking jerk that is Hesher you will find a kind soul that needed the Forney family just as much as they needed him.e vial language in this film so it's not for those that will not be able to get past the offensiveness of it all.  But as I said, underneath the chain-smoking jerk that is Hesher you will find a kind soul that needed the Forney family just as much as they needed him.
B004LWZW4M|5.0|A must see movie.  Much better than the 2001 version (which I liked).  Have to say that I was on the apes' side from the get go. Andy Serkis gives a nuanced performance as Caeser.  Great action scenes and storyline that draws you in.    Looking forward to future movies in this franchise.
B004J1DBJI|3.0|Please make an SD version of this app, I don't see why it has to run in phone memory.  (e.g., does it have to do notifications from phone memory?)  Until there's an SD version, hope I can find a mobile-friendly URL for Wolfram.
B002OSY2T6|4.0|I got this for my daughter when she was around 3 months old to encourage tummy time. She is now almost 10 months old and still uses the toy. She crawls around after it or sometimes sit there and rocks the snail.  Although there are not letters or numbers on this toy your baby will be able to learn cause and effect. This is very important at such as small age.
B003CBTVNG|1.0|this movie was not the least bit funny. it kept skipping & was the worst movie of all time. NEVER watch this or pay for it, it's not worth it.!
B004NDVJA0|5.0|I first heard Agnes Obel on my way home from work, late at night, on Radio Times, and immediately fell in love with her enchanting voice, as well as her masterful instrumentals.  This CD is breathtaking.
B000Q8QHK8|3.0|Judy Lynn, in her review in 2000, told the real incisive essence of this film. Despite the finest performances of both Woody Harrelson and Robert Downey, that I have ever seen, and, in fact, really fine performances by all, this blood and gore and violence, is just - to me, at least - way too much. Therefore the 3 stars. Yes it is a well done performance, but, to me, this movie is the equivalent to walking around with your insides visible to the world, if you're dying of a horrible metastasized cancer. It doesn't accomplish anything but repulse.
B001AW156U|5.0|It's a shame that Sony didn't design the DS3 better, but the Real Triggers go a long way to make up for Sony's mistakes. I have one caveat to would-be purchasers: They will not make L2/R2 feel more comfortable for first-person shooters than L1 or R1. This is due to how L1 and R1 are where your index fingers rest naturally on the DS3. However, the Real Triggers still offer a dramatic improvement for FPS games that insist on using L2 and R2 for aiming and firing. For all other games that require you to frequently press or hold down L2 or R2 (such as most racing games), they work perfectly.
B002ZG98FU|4.0|I hadn't heard of this film and gave it a shot.  I was pleasantly surprised by how enjoyable it was.  The story isn't anything ground breaking and revolves around a TV Producer trying to save a tanking morning news show.  What makes it so good are the performances. Rachel McAdams just breathes life into this role and you just tag along with her for the bumpy but comedic ride.  A-List stars Harrison Ford and Diane Keaton are impeccable and even more so that they take a slightly back seat to give Rachel McAdams her due performance.  All three are brilliant and play off in each other with wonderful timing while adding some humanity and feeling to it all.
B0042J6VUS|3.0|My main problem with this tripod is it does not work for my HTC Sensation in portrait mode.  Even with the extendable legs pulled all the way out, the tripod will still tip over when I have the phone in portrait mode.  Maybe this stand works great for an iPhone, I am not 100% sure, but it doesn't work well for an HTC Sensation (which arguably may be a slight bit heavier, I'm not sure).<br /><br />The built quality isn't terrible, but it is cheap, and I would be weary to use the thing for any kind of professional use.  The screw to tighten the ball joint down is in a plastic housing, and I would enough times of tightening it down would wear it out.
B003L77GGK|1.0|What a tragedy. Used to be the best show on TV. Now it's deteriorated into sappy fundamentalist Crap. Who's taken over the writing--Michelle Bachman & Pat Robertson (etal)? If this weren't insulting enough, they've turned this once wonderful two charactrer show into a three character show. Used to be about Sam & Dean and their fascinating exploits, with a different premise each week instead of a running soap opera/serial; now it's about Sam & Dean & the b o r i n g AngelDude (And THE BIBLE, fer cripesake!)! That \\"actor\\" ruins the show--I don't see how they could have found an actor with less screen presence than this Nebbish: Uninteresting, unattractive, asexual and annoying. It's not too late to salvage the turgid mess they've made and restore the show to what it used to be. Maybe. The trouble is, I'm so sad about this that I just don't care anymore...
B0012GN404|4.0|Not as good as \\"Cheap Thrills\\" but still a very good example of early San Francisco blues/rock fusion and a sign of good things to come!
B0045HCJKS|4.0|If you are a guest of Delos, your adventure begins when you board a hovercraft which will whisk you across the badlands to the resort.  Once there, you have three fantasy destinations to choose from: the ancient Roman town of Pompeii, or a castle in Medieval England, or an American western town circa 1880.<br /><br />You will be immersed in a world that is authentic in every detail, and - except for your fellow travelers - everyone you see, including the animals, are robots.  Some are passive, some are pleasurable, and some are aggressive, challenging you to a fight - they are programmed to lose!  So go ahead and fight; remember, you can't really murder a machine . . . .<br /><br />If you are Peter, you are excited, but anxious, and feel just a bit silly, but you have always been thrilled with cowboy movies: what fun it would be to face a gunslinger and beat him in a quick draw with your six-shooter!  You'll experience shoot-outs, a bar fight, a jailbreak, and pleasure at Miss Carrie's, all great fun until your friend John . . . .<br /><br />If you are John, you love Westworld; you've been here before.  A great place to unwind, pretend like you are a western rogue, just living for the good times.  But this time around, there is something disquieting about this relentless black-hatted gunslinger . . . .<br /><br />If you are the gunslinger, you are like other robots at Delos, you are mostly autonomous, but still tethered to the master computer, and closely monitored by the technicians.  Every night they repair the results of the day's violence.  Each day you come back like a zombie, in relentless pursuit, provoking a fight, aiming to kill, but \\"perfectly\\" monitored to lose . . . .<br /><br />Picture (DVD): 3.5.  Subtitles/vocals: English & French.
B001UNSZSA|5.0|I had every Doors album on gold cd's except this one! Glad I was finally able to get it! Not their best album but still top notch and the sound is incredable! If you are a Doors fan....GET IT!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is a great series of SCFI but just didn't take off in its first run. But seeing them without commercial interruption makes them wonderful to watch.
0553801473|3.0|I enjoyed the first three books, but in this book the series has become three parts sadism to one part plot advancement. And even that plot advancement has become a Willy Wonka like two steps forward, one step back. Martin has allowed his backstory to swallow the momentum he'd built up so successfully in the early books. The cliffhanger at the end of each chapter has grown stale, and when dead characters don't stay dead, the suspense is muted. Martin likes to tease his readers, bringing major characters in close proximity of one another and then yanking them apart with at best minimal interaction.<br /><br />This has started to feel like a shaggy dog story, and as such, I'm beginning to lose interest.
B003K025TQ|5.0|This is an amazingly good album. It has everything, excellent performances, superb production values. It reminds me of those direct-to-disk albums from the 70's. And any album that has Tal Wilkenfeld on it, I'll buy it!    If you like guitar, and who doesn't, you need this album.
0439023513|4.0|Overall, I enjoyed the Hunger Games series, Mocking Jay include.The Plot is very basic and the ending wasn't as satisfying as I think a series of this measure deserves. I just didn't get a sense of closure, a sense that not all of the minor issues brought up in the book had been resolved. I would have liked to have known what happened to more of the minor characters.           Collins does a great job of bringing every character to life and you never feel like your seeing one sided people. Everyone in the series has a heroic side and an \\"bad\\" side, including Katniss herself.           The plot for the books is harsh and I would not recommend this book to younger readers. Yet the books never seemed to be just about the Hunger Games, more often the Hunger Games were just a way of showing that all humans have a line that they will not cross when trying to survive, and the story centers around Katniss trying to find that line for herself. It's a very emotional story and those who read it just to get to the end and see what happens may be disappointed.However those who are willing to read between the lines and ask themselves \\"How far would I go, where would I stop?\\" will have a great time digging into this book.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|I like this cd of phil Collins greatest hits!!! Brings back memories, would recomend to others!!! Good listening!!! Great music!!!  A+
0765324857|5.0|This book is odd...in more ways than one.    I love BioShock. I mean, LOVE IT. It's one of the most inspiring works I've ever experienced before in the whole of my life. The very first time I sat down by myself and played the first BioShock, I started playing and thought to myself \\"This is INCREDIBLE\\" but then, after I continued playing, started collecting the diaries, paying attention to my surroundings and really analyzing the whole thing, I realized that what I was experiencing was much deeper than simply a video game. The message(s), themes, characters...they are as complex and as vivid as those of any great film or novel. By the time I was half way through the first BioShock, my reaction went from \\"incredible\\" to \\"this is important...this is tragic and deeper than they let on...\\". Of course, I played and got the \\"positive\\" ending, which I assume is the \\"true\\" ending to the story, so that made the experience all that much better.     Fast forward 2 years and I stumble upon this book by John Shirley. Needless to say I got it the day it came out. At first, I was amused with it and how the story was progressing...then I was troubled...then, by the end of the novel, I was thrilled. Make no mistake, this is not a perfect book. Nor does it give a good, in-depth view of Rapture. It certainly extends the story and tells a harrowing tale, but I often found myself wishing parts were longer and that the characters interacted more. Additionally, I think John Shirley had a mixture of success in the characters...I think he got McDonagh, Ryan, Fontaine, Sander Cohen and the Lutz's perfectly right. However, other character portrayals, particularly those of Tennenbaum and McClintock, were a bit flat and in some areas, just outright wrong from how I had interpreted them from the recordings/cut scenes/etc. The biggest problem  though, is one I have with the cannon of the game itself and that is how Diane McClintock dies...for such a dramatic character with, in my opinion, one of the most tragic and heartbreaking stories in all of Rapture, I think the death the creators give her is far too quick and lackluster and that only furthers translates to John Shirley's version. Having said that, the use of McDonagh as the main protagonist and the bookends of his life beginning and ending with Andrew Ryan is genius. The ending is tragic, absolutely tragic and in whole, the second half of the book is much, much stronger than the first. In fact, by the time I was 3/4 of the way through, it was hard to believe that this story was a video game first. This is fully due to Shirley's concentrated effort to take actions and aspects from the game and make them seem perfectly plausible in a real and visceral environment. The plasmids went from being cool, to feeling very substantial. The cameras and turrets and bots and their placement went from seeming like game-touting randomness to deliberate, logical and terrifying additions to the beautiful art deco world of Rapture. Essentially, Shirley has taken the video game out of Rapture and what you are left with is something that feels very real and very applicable to today's world.     It's not perfect. It's choppy at times, jumps far too often, makes time leaps that are far too broad, leaves out seemingly essential characters and plot points, doesn't do justice to the aesthetic wonder of Rapture and completely lacks the scope that it should. Overall though, it's far from a simple video game book and really makes you view future journeys to Rapture through different lenses. I would love to see several story lines from this used in a feature film about how Rapture came to be. BioShock made a great video game, this though, would make a great movie (provided it gets some major direction and tweaks). Overall, it was great and I thoroughly was surprised and happy with it.
B00518HBD0|3.0|This album is more like a love song rendition of 3 doors down, its decent but lacks the self confidence usually conveyed!
0811879542|5.0|This is the most delightful picture book I have seen for a very long time.  My grandchildren love it, and every adult who reads it does so with a smile on his face!  Utter simplicity, but brilliant!  It will be my new go-to gift for baby showers.
B002NXSRX4|5.0|i Honestly did not expect this USED movie's Digital Copy to work.<br />i thought the person selling it used it already & the DC was expired.<br />but it WORKED =D<br />THANKS!!!!!!
B000MCIBE8|3.0|How many times should I pay for the same music? is a question which many fans of classic rock must have pondered from time to time. I don't know how many releases there have been of the Doors albums, which I should add, are all essential for any classic rock/psych collection (including the under-rated Soft Parade, maybe not as brilliant as the others but still better than many other bands' best efforts), but I stick with the versions I bought around the mid-90s and refuse to ever pay more money for the same albums. I don't criticize all these rereleases with often poor bonus tracks as that is the only logical way to market music by non-existent bands and dead artists. There is a finite amount of material recorded and the only way to generate income is to continuously repackage, reshuffle, remix, or rerelease in different formats exactly the same material. But my advice is not to fall victim to these strategies. In the decades to come we will no doubt see many more rereleases, in the audio formats still to be invented. At some point, mp3 will be declared to be outmoded by some new audio type offering far greater sonic clarity, and old fans will be urged to update their collections once more to keep pace with technology. Those people who also had the cassette or even minidisc versions of these albums should be fuming, for one thing the music industry has always insisted on is that the price you pay for the music is NOT the price of the plastic, but the right to own those songs for private use. Theoretically, this should mean that once one has paid for the right to use the songs privately, one should be entitled to trade in the versions of the same albums in other formats for a reduced price. However, as we all know this does not happen, and would be considered unthinkable. Thus, fans continue to fork out cash for exactly the same material, while the value of the old versions of the CDs falls to zero, which is clearly intended. As a fan of many classic bands like the Doors I refuse to buy into this scheme, except in some rare cases when the bonus tracks are especially interesting, which is not the case with the Doors CDs unfortunately. I rather spend my money these days on discovering new music, mostly by the many contemporaries of the Doors who went unnoticed at the time, but many of whom released some great music. My Doors discs may not have the sonic clarity of the new releases. But anyone who knows even a little about the human brain and ears knows that one's ears always 'adjust' to the level of sonic quality, that after a while, whether you're listening to vinyl, cassette, 8-track, minidisc, CD or mp3, your brain filters it so ultimately it all sounds the same - and it's the music itself which you focus on.oors I refuse to buy into this scheme, except in some rare cases when the bonus tracks are especially interesting, which is not the case with the Doors CDs unfortunately. I rather spend my money these days on discovering new music, mostly by the many contemporaries of the Doors who went unnoticed at the time, but many of whom released some great music. My Doors discs may not have the sonic clarity of the new releases. But anyone who knows even a little about the human brain and ears knows that one's ears always 'adjust' to the level of sonic quality, that after a while, whether you're listening to vinyl, cassette, 8-track, minidisc, CD or mp3, your brain filters it so ultimately it all sounds the same - and it's the music itself which you focus on.
B000RHKARY|5.0|The first time i heard the Crusade album I was a budding guitarist.  Trying to copy guys like Johnson, Waters and Burnett.  Then I heard Mick Taylor and was totally discouraged.  Especially when I discovered he was only 4 years older than me.  The fact that Taylor's admission into the Bluesbreakers was due to a Clapton no show is just another incredible facet of this story. (Taylor volunteered to play in the second set when Clapton never showed for the gig).  Taylor along with McVie and the rest of the band was a perfect match.  Taylor's pure blues style overtoned with controlled feedback is still relevent today.  How he ever got that sound on Me and My Woman is still a mystery.  The only draw back to this classic recording is (and this is going to get some critism) John Mayall's vocals on cerain numbers.  All in all one of my most played blues recordings.  So glad this remastered version was released.
B002HJ9PTO|4.0|\\"You get what you pay for\\" fits perfectly on this review. A good microphone for the price, sound quality is great but when you are at the \\"perfect\\" distance, the fact that it utilizes a battery might be a deal breaker for some and it is understandable. However, Audio-Technica's sound quality is what makes this great, as for the cord included you get about 5 feet worth which should be plenty to get the job done. Will recommend it for the price, but for a little more you might find a better alternative.
B000GIWS7E|5.0|I am a big fan of Dream Theater and have been appreciating their music for almost 3 years now. Just listening to this music is inspiring and always a pleasure, but nothing compares to seeing Dream Theater give the performance of their lives in front of 6000 Dream Theater fans and alongside with the Octavarium Orchestra. Being able to see Portnoy going to town on the drums, LaBrie's emotional vocal deliverance, Myung's cool, laid-back yet insanely technical bass abilities, Petrucci's shredding six-string proficiency, and Rudess' accurate yet fluid keyboard skills right before your eyes with the screaming fans and the warmth of the Octavarium Orchestra is a real treat. If you are looking for an amazing 3, or so, hour concert featuring some of Dream Theater's best songs up to the Octavarium album do not hesitate to buy this DVD. I was originally going to buy the CD performance but I decided to go for the DVD, while more expensive than the CD, the visual aspect of this performance pays off by delivering a musical experience greater than you could hope for. No regrets with this DVD, no regrets with Dream Theater.
0091935571|5.0|This book is so useful! It reignited my resolve to follow a restricted carb diet. It is truly a shame that Dr. Atkins is so maligned; these authors (all doctors) have seen the good of Atkins' program and explained how to follow a low carb diet safely and effectively. I am in my third week using the book and did have lab tests done. My doctor showed me that my triglycerides went from over 260 to a happy 104. My overall cholesterol is dropping, and my HDL increased. In addition, my doctor gave me permission to stop taking oral meds for Type II diabetes. My blood glucose has been consistently in the low 80's--like a \\"normal\\" person. I have followed low carb diets since 1972, but unfortunately, I get hooked on carbs and let them \\"sneak back into\\" my daily food choices. This book shows how you can work a low carb life style at a pace that suits you. The book also clearly explains how to find a tolerance level for YOUR daily carbohydrate level in a very systematic way. I had never really looked at how many carbs, exactly, I can eat in a day without gaining weight, spiking my blood glucose numbers, or setting off wild cravings. I strongly recommend buying Drs. Westman, Phinney and Volek's other book, The Art and Science of Low Carbohydrate Living. Their \\"Art and Science\\" book is very useful if you are interested in the science behind the benefits. I read it before I implemented the New Atkins, New You diet. I also purchased an Atkins Journal. This has allowed me to see daily what I am doing with my food and given me a very useful, uncomplicated tool. There is even a section in the \\"New Atkins\\" book on how to follow a restricted carb diet if you are a vegetarian. So, no excuses! My cravings have abated, I'm not hungry all of the time, nor am I experiencing cyclic energy crashes, all of which I have experienced on low-fat or calorie restricted diets. And, oh, yes, I have lost weight and can get into my smaller clothes.
0553801473|1.0|I tried dancing with this book to no avail.  This book was like a homely, boring wallflower:  all dressed up in GRRM language but lacking any progress.<br /><br />It has been so long since the last book that I found I just don't care for these characters anymore.  They're not doing anything interesting.  They're not clever.  They're not noble or wicked or exciting.<br /><br />Just homely wallflowers.
1878424319|5.0|A MUST READ! TO ALL WHOM HAVE GIVEN UP! The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom (A Toltec Wisdom Book)
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I've long hunted for an app that gives me the kind of WiFi signal strength and access point info for my home networks in a format that is easily understood, and WiFi Analyzer takes the cake. Using this app I was able to configure the twelve networks we have here in our college housing apartment complex so they don't conflict with each other, so they have the best signal strength possible, and much more. Everyone here who uses our WiFi saw a huge improvement, and it was thanks to this app. And it's free. You really can't beat that. Five stars.
B004EPZ084|5.0|I don't write reviews. I have never laughed so much. This is falling out of your chair funny. BAD SANTA may have come close. Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx stole the show for me. I know you don't know me... but trust me, SEE THIS MOVIE!
B000000XB9|5.0|Although I'm a little younger than the age of \\"having grown up with CCR\\", I do love their sound. I'd been wanting a greatest hits album of theirs for a long time. I picked a good one when I bought this one because I thoroughly enjoy this album. Their music reminds me of a time when music was delightfully fun and songs were short--and that's OK with me.
B004UXUSIM|5.0|I also enjoyed this movie. So much so I went to see it three times.  I am not really a W. Allen fan, but I feel this is once of his best. If you do not see/buy this movie you are missing one of the best movies of 2011.
B00457X7XQ|5.0|This was a very enjoyable book. I was kept on the edge of my seat thought the entire book. I highly recommend it to all. This is definitely a page turner. I also heard he is working on his second novel. Not sure if it is a sequel to this one or just another story but maybe sooner than later we will find out.
B00133KFGW|5.0|Very good movie. My wife really enjoyed it. A heartwarming story and some good music. You'll probably watch it more than once as she as done.
B004R13U6Y|5.0|If you use PDF on a tablet, this app is amazing. Make notes, highlight, easy navigation. Just the most used app on my tab hands down.
0345528581|5.0|I've spent the past 43 years of my life feeling sick and tired. After making some dietary changes that should have been made long ago, I finally had enough energy to exercise. I bought Mark Lauren's book You Are Your Own Gym and my whole family has been using the exercises in this book. The results have been tremendous! Before this book I avoided all heavy lifting chores, but now I find myself eager to help lift heavy crates and boxes into our Suburban. Recently we went for a hike to Red Rock Falls in Glacier National Park. Once we arrived at the falls we saw that many tourists had climbed up the rocks to the top of the falls. In the past I avoided such climbs. I just did not have the strength for it and would wait at the bottom while I watched my family or friends go on without me. Not yesterday however because I climbed right on up to the top without a problem. Then I waited for my family to climb up after me!     This is the only exercise book I will ever need.
B0025UHKNS|1.0|I've had the 405CX for three weeks. After about 10 runs it has died. Reviewed problem on the web and found several threads with similar problems and results. Emailed Garmin and didn't hear anything back for more than 3 days. After calling Garmin and waiting for 35 minutes the rep told me withing 30 seconds I have to send the watch in to \\"swap it out\\".  No response from Garmin online about this problem but this rep sure wasn't surprised. Are you kidding? ... return to Amazon. Not impressed with this over hyped product and lack of support from Garmin.
0061906220|5.0|Pete the Cat is my new favorite character. I can't wait to use both books with my students. I know they will love Pete & his message.
B003Y5H5A6|3.0|Not a bad super hero flick by any means, but it wasn't as action=packed as I expected. I think I just wanted to see this movie because I knew it would set things up for the Avengers. I was a little disappointed when they picked Evans for the role because I didn't think he could pull off the boy scout Rogers, but he did a good job. It cracked me up every time the guys did the Nazi \\"Hydra!\\"
B0013TXA5Y|4.0|I found the beginning of this book slow and hard to get into.  I had been told by a friend with similar taste as myself to keep going and it would get better.  I am so glad I listened to this advice because I believe I found a new favorite author in Cassandra Clare.  If you can get past the slow start the book gets much better and the characters come to life.  Cassandra Clare has a fun writing style.  I was not too fond of some of her ideas such as making everyone think that Clary and Jace are related but have some crazy sexual chemistry.  I found it disturbing at first but came around because I still wanted to know what was going to happen.  I like that she added some heated sexual scenes, inappropriate romances, and a homosexual couple.  These things are issues for young adults in real life and she brought all the topics in a way kids would be able to relate to.  This book is not as good as the rest but not bad either.
B003V4AK8E|5.0|Once I got this I was able to play some games with my son, as he had only one controller.  It's a really nice controller. It's larger and more comfortable. The controls are pretty much the same size but the analog stick and the d-pad are switched.  Because they're switched it's a more comfortable gaming experience, but it may take a day or so to get used to the switched controls.<br /><br />The one bad thing is that when you press where the Playstation home button is, is doesn't turn on the PS3.  My son also likes this one even better then the controller that came with the Playstation.  He's over 6 feet and has big hands. This controller is a better fit and really is more comfortable. Recommended!
B000F8O35U|3.0|The DVD picture quality was bad and the DVD skips at multiple parts through the movie. I guess you get what you pay for...
B004DLPXAO|5.0|Great app.  Now I have my 400+ books with me in even a smaller package.  Love that you can change the text color and background color, and it is very easy to download books from your archive.  Super fast too.
0743298039|5.0|The Thirteenth Tale didn't start out well for me. The narrator, Margaret Lea, is dull. One would think a book lover like myself would identify with a woman whose life revolves around books, but Margaret's love of the written word is snobbish. She prefers much older books, to the point where she has never read a contemporary novel. She works in her father's shop and lives above it. She lives the life of a recluse, having absolutely no social interaction beyond her father. As an amateur biographer, she only writes about obscure, long dead people - as live people are messy and she's rather not have to actually deal with them. She's quite the party, Margaret.<br /><br />Margaret's contacted by Vida Winter, the world's bestselling contemporary writer, asking to write her biography. Vida has been known to lie in all interviews, leaving her personal history completely unknown. Also leading a reclusive lifestyle, I didn't have much hope that Vida would be any more interesting than Margaret.<br /><br />Margaret travels to Vida's home and hears her very long story. As the reader, we experience both Vida's telling of her past and Margaret's reaction to it. The book initially seems to show the mystery as what is the thirteenth tale that was left out of Vida's most famous work, but the real mystery is Vida herself. Layer by layer, her past is revealed and nothing is as it seems. She becomes a thoroughly interesting character and her story fully engrosses.<br /><br />I was tempted to put The Thirteenth Tale down many times in the first fifty or so pages. It dragged mercilessly and even in the end, I cared for Margaret and her narration very little. I struggled through trusting others who raved about this book and ended up glad I did. Vida and her mystery are surprising, engaging and completely worth the wait.
B004XISI4A|2.0|It wasn't worth the (extremely long!) wait.<br />This book makes a lot of promises-but never quite gets around to fulfilling them.<br />I slogged my way through it, but I hope the next one is more like the first ones...<br />and don't take so long to write, either!
1843547201|1.0|This is the worst book I read this year. It is even worse than Slumdog Millionaire, the movie (if there's a point comparing the two). But I think the two have a common recipe:  1. There's a view that the the world has about a place, they have never stayed in or even visited.  2. People like it if someone tells them that their view is accurate.  3. Sell them that and you are a bestseller!
B003UBTX7C|4.0|This book is very good.  Great Camel Club reading.  Just wanted to let everyone know you can get the paperback at Costco for $5.49.
B004ZZLX5W|4.0|First of all, I stand by my previous review:<br />[amazon won't let me hyperlink but you can find it under the original edition]<br />I still think the album works best at a standard LP length of 45 minutes. That said, the deluxe version adds two new songs which both add to the story. Now the album has enough material for a traditional ~75 minute double-LP and I think it works well as one, but only after some of the tracks are shuffled around. Try this running order on for size:<br /><br />1. The Suburbs<br />2. Ready to Start<br />3. Modern Man<br />6. City With No Children<br />--<br />5. Empty Room<br />4. Rococo<br />17. Culture War<br />15. Sprawl II<br />16. The Suburbs Continued<br />----<br />10. Month of May<br />18. Speaking in Tongues<br />12. Deep Blue<br />13. We Used to Wait<br />--<br />14. Sprawl I<br />9. Suburban War<br />11. Wasted Hours<br />8. Half Life II (to me a better climax than Sprawl II)<br />7. Half Life I<br /><br />My other frustration with the album is with the mastering. I understand the whole loudness war thing and why the original album was mastered the way it was, but I wish a different mastering were used for this version, something with more dynamic range. The sound ends up being a bit muddy which I think is a shame because this is one of the few socially important albums to be released in the last five years. It really deserves to be heard (and now with the video features, seen) and the sound quality will turn some people off.<br /><br />In summary, if you are an Arcade Fire fan, discard the original CD in favor of this version. However, understand that it still does not reach its full potential.
B000R7I3LY|5.0|Sara Bareilles has been in the music business for the past few years, she came at the right time too and has become one of the most recognised singers in the world. Released in 2007, Little Voice is a stunning debut and while I enjoy her follow up album Kaleidoscope Heart just as equally as I feel that it is just as superb and even a leap forward into different areas, Little Voice is still one of the finest records of the past decade. Its witty and well thought out lyrics along with charming and sophisticated melodies that I would even put up there with the likes of The Beatles.<br /><br />The album opens with \\"Love Song\\" which is Sara's most popular single. It kicks off perfectly with the opening, maybe one of the best openings on piano in recent memory. The song, while romantic and sweet has lyrics that you wouldn't expect to hear in a love song. It was the perfect first single and also first track, as it introduces you to Sara's wit and style. \\"Vegas\\" is a song that always puts a smile on my face during a bad day, the mood and lyrics always inspire me. \\"Bottle It Up\\" includes a verse with jazzy piano work while the chorus is uplifting and pretty. It became one of my favorite songs when I first heard it. \\"One Sweet Love\\" is the first ballad on the album and leaning more towards acoustic driven pop than the first three tracks which are more soul influenced. Then you have other highlights such as \\"Morningside\\", which is a song that I can't stop listening to with it's catchy beats and harmony work. The ballads keep getting more delicate and mature with \\"Between The Lines\\" (a song that I would compare to Peter Gabriel in a way) and \\"City\\" which is the most moving song on the album, simple and beautiful. Then we we have more soulful tunes like \\"Love On The Rocks\\" and \\"Many The Miles\\", again showing Sara's unique pop sensibilty. The album closes with \\"Gravity\\", along with City as being one of the more meloncholy songs on the album.<br /><br />Produced by Eric Rosse, who also produced two amazing masterpieces from Tori Amos did a nice job as well. While it may take a few listens to get into, you will soon find yourself addicted to this album and Sara's music. In this day an age of mostly music with techno beats, it's nice to hear something this refreshing. I'm not bashing the Lady Gaga's or Katy Perry's, they are talented at what they do but Sara has a unique talent that is hard to not notice. It's classical and mature. Check out Sara's follow up album as well, it's just as perfect. If you like Sara then I recommend artists like Priscilla Ahn, Fiona Apple, Regina Spektor, Sarah McLachlan and Hanson. I'll even throw in classics like The Beatles, Bob Dylan and Tom Waits. Enjoy!!two amazing masterpieces from Tori Amos did a nice job as well. While it may take a few listens to get into, you will soon find yourself addicted to this album and Sara's music. In this day an age of mostly music with techno beats, it's nice to hear something this refreshing. I'm not bashing the Lady Gaga's or Katy Perry's, they are talented at what they do but Sara has a unique talent that is hard to not notice. It's classical and mature. Check out Sara's follow up album as well, it's just as perfect. If you like Sara then I recommend artists like Priscilla Ahn, Fiona Apple, Regina Spektor, Sarah McLachlan and Hanson. I'll even throw in classics like The Beatles, Bob Dylan and Tom Waits. Enjoy!!
B003UESJH4|5.0|This is a great movie.    The King's Speech holds the acclaim of having the oldest screenwriter to ever when an Academy Award. It definitely shows, not in that he is old, but in that he is from an earlier time; this is a movie first and foremost about character interaction and character drama.  It is the only movie in recent memory that could be adapted to the stage with no changes at all.     But, what does that mean?    It means the movie is very timeless. It does not rely on big set pieces or special effects. It is a very human drama about a boy (in this case a prince) becoming a man (in this case a king) and overcoming adversity. A classic tale, and very well done.
B0018PH3L0|5.0|LONESOME DOVE HAS TO MANY FOLKS BECOME THE CLASSIC WESTERN SAGA OF OUR ERA. IT DWARFTS IN 'TIME-ENDURANCE' SUCH FORMER GREATS AS \\"HIGH NOON' AND OTHER IN-THEIR-TIME FINE WESTERNS. THE STORY PLOT IS ENDURING. THE HARSHNESS OF LIFE ON THE OPEN RANGE HAS NEVER BEEN MORE VIVID. THE 'FRIENDSHIP' AND LOVES OF THE MAIN CHARACTERS ARE LIFELIKE.  ......AND THE ACTING ....ACROSS THE BOARD IS EXCELLENT....ABSENT 'GUS' RUSHING A LINE OR TWO....TOP NOTCH.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|This is easily the greatest game for android phone, great graphics and insanely fun. However, the tablet support for this is not great. On my Asus Transformer the game functions fully but graphics are sub-par due to zoom in and it even lags in animation sequences. If this app gets updated to have proper tablet support I will change this review to 5 stars, but as of now it gets 3.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|I have never written a review before, so after reading a number of these, I wanted to throw in my thoughts.  I can't say I had known much of anything about Josh Groban other than to say I knew of a few of his songs (You Raise Me Up, Songs from Ally McBeal).  Only recently, have I delved into this magnificent artist's music. That was after I heard the song, \\"You are Loved\\" in my son's i-Pod and watched Josh's stirring and heartfelt performance in Washington DC on the Fourth of July.  Truly, this young man stands alone; his voice is mesmerizing!  As I began checking out Groban songs on You-Tube, I discovered the ones I favored most were those in which he had a hand in writing/composing.  There are several layers to these songs.  As you begin to peel away, you are impacted mentally, emotionally and spiritually.  Groban's \\"Illuminations\\" songs fill my i-Pod, and I listen to them over and over again. Perhaps that is because I feel like I am getting to know the unique person who is behind that glorious Voice.  Josh must be doing something right.  After all, my 15 year-old football player son blasts \\"Higher Window\\" throughout the house!  We are looking forward to attending his Straight to You Tour later this year.
030788743X|5.0|I started reading this book and immediately knew that I was experiencing something special. This novel is so much fun, and if you are a child of the 80's, as I am, there are so many aspects of it that will bring back the fondest memories of that era. The story, of a teenage boy who is trying to locate a treasure hidden in an expansive virtual world by its creator, who will give his company and all of its assets to the one who locates it, is compelling and highly entertaining. If you love sci-fi, drama, action and excitement, this novel has it all. The characters are vividly realized and the pacing of the book, as well as the first person narrative, is outstanding. Anyone who is a fan of the 80's, video games, role playing games, or great sci-fi will have a blast reading this book. It is one of the best books I have read this year.
0439023521|5.0|I'm almost finished reading this book for the first time... it's very well written, and Collins captivates the reader with ease. I would recommend this book to anyone in fourth grade and up.
1400032717|5.0|At the mention of a murder mystery story, many thoughts may pop into mind. Maybe a thought would consider Sherlock Holmes and his unmatched skills of reason and deduction, or your typical spooky tale of a homicide with strange circumstances. One thing though will certainly not mill through anyone's thoughts: the idea of a dog as the victim. The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time will change your idea of a murder mystery altogether, and will make you question much more than just who killed the dog.     The main character is Christopher John Francis Boone, the unlikely protagonist who chronicles his adventure to uncover the mystery of Wellington the dog's killer. As seen by his introduction, there is something a bit different about the novel's hero. This fact alone makes this character and the story wonderful. Christopher is unusual: he lacks great social skills, hates the color yellow, is extremely intelligent for his age of fifteen years, is atheist (possibly due to the author's own atheistic views), hates being touched, and has all sorts of other quirks that make him an interesting character. What makes Christopher incredibly intriguing, though, is how his mind works. He is rational and overly logical, and he can provoke many a thought associated with topics never previously considered in a different aspect. For example: Is it really rational to act upon emotion? What exactly is the truth? Why are humans the way we are? And even, does religion make sense?     Most works of fiction are very detailed. In this genre, where fantasy lurks along with strange locales, many authors drone on and on in significant detail to paint a perfect picture within the reader's mind. The author Mark Haddon's book is the exact opposite. Christopher, the little \\"author\\" of the story, is completely to the point with descriptions and does the bare necessities. Without using these extraneous details, Christopher still illustrates his home and the small town of Swindon with ease.This in itself is a very refreshing change from the general mass of overly detailed fiction, yet it is still easy to get lost in Christopher's world while reading.      Another great element of this book would have to be the many ethical shades of the main characters.  In many works of fiction, there are an innumerable amount of \\"black and white\\" characters.  The \\"white\\" are the goodliest protagonists that often come off as pretentious and the \\"black\\" are the vilest antagonists with no redeeming qualities. In this story, Mark Haddon has done a fantastic job of creating believable, multidimensional characters that don't fit either extreme of the character morality spectrum. No character is a perfect hero: Christopher lacks empathy unlike many protagonists, his father has an uncontrollable temper and makes some idiotic decisions at times, and Christopher's mother is irrational and slightly incompetent. As easily seen, the characters are not perfect heroes in any way. They all have flaws, sometimes ill motivations, and can do as much wrong as they do right. Fortunately, though, most of the characters are forgivable in the end.      In the end, what made the book a great read was its unorthodox sort of story. As previously stated, not many stories are started with a dog being murdered, or involve an apathetic, logical teenager who sees the world in an extremely different way. Along with this, the twists and turns are unexpected and sometimes shocking. There were many moments when something occurred that could not at all have been foreseeable, and it kept me turning the pages of this novel till I finished.      If wonderfully bizarre, strangely intriguing, and thought-inducing reads appeal to you, then this is most definitely the book for you. For it is much more than just a murder mystery, and it has a quirky charm all its own: a curious book indeed.
1400032717|3.0|When I first started reading The curious incident of the dog in the night time, I was immediatly intrigued by, the main character, Christopher's personality and the way he expressed himself. I think the author Mark Haddon enables the reader to get into the mind of the Christopher right from the beginning of the story by having Christopher tell the story. For me this simply started out nicely because it was told in a totally different manner than other novels I've read in the past. Yes we've probably all read stories with quirky main characters telling their own story in the first person, but Christopher's literal sense of everything around him is a total change. For example at one point he explains a white lie. \\"This is called a white lie. A white lie is not a lie at all. It is where you tell the truth but you don not tell all of the truth.\\"    This same aspect of the story has another importance. Later on, you really start to understand how Christopher or any mentally handicapped kid might perceive the people around him and be confused with their emotions. In other words, we see a different perspective and get another idea about ourselves. Through the eyes of Christopher, I could see how many people in society, including myself, can be helpful on the outside but extremely impatient and slightly cold.        The story takes place in England in a basic neighborhood. The simplicity of the area allows you to picture Christopher going around, and yet still be able to really focus on Christopher's conflicts.    Christopher struggles a lot due to his disability and yet you really get a sense of his hardships, not through his temper tantrums, but through other characters. The story begins with Christopher finding his neighbor's dog, Wellington, dead in a yard. The neighbor, Mrs. Shears, finds him and presumes he's killed the dog. Christopher then proceeds to get in trouble with the police, starts inquiring about who killed Wellington, and creates turmoil with his father. Christopher finally finds so much out about his family through detecting and disobeying his father, that he becomes frightened of his father. Even though Christopher is the protagonist and his father could be considered the antagonist, you understand the fathers point of view even if he may be harsh with Christopher. The author makes you feel for the parents of Christopher, which in turn, really helps you understand the predicament they're in with taking care of an autistic son. At one         I thought the theme of the book was that we, as people in society, shouldn't be too self absorbed or impatient. Although this was a strong theme and reading the novel went by quickly, for me I wasn't totally moved or satisfied when I finished.    A little over half way through the book, Christopher runs away from home. Its on certain parts of this trip that readers really see the intolerance of people in basic society. Christopher also, from this point, deals with many more trust problems with his parents while their relationships seem to slide down hill and more and more problems must be solved.
B000002OZY|5.0|Take note right here that this is the review of a 15 year old who enjoys modern Pop, and SOME rap music, mostly Eminem. However, Classic Rock has always been a favorite of mine. One of the first songs I ever heard was that of the Beatles and \\"Baba O' Riley\\", which is of course by The Who. However, about a year ago, I was in an old record shop, and seen the album Tommy, and I decided on a spur of the moment thing to buy it. Went home, popped it in the old record player...it started and I.....sat on the computer talking on Facebook and Twitter. BIG MISTAKE! To be honest, I didn't like it. Sure, there were moment when I turned my head and said \\"Oh nice, pretty good tune\\", but I actually don't recall finishing it. I didn't get it. KEEP READING. About a month ago, I was listening to the Who's Greatest Hits, and I was listening to Pinball Wizard, and I remember thinking \\"This is a really cool song\\", so I went on iTunes to see what album it was from, and when I found out it was from \\"Tommy\\" I was like, Woah, really?! So the next day I went out to a used CD store and bought the new transfer of the album, went up to my room, put it in the CD player, got out my lyric sheet and the overture started, and to put it blunt...I fell in love. I mean like, emotional love. Maybe it was an age thing? I don't really know, but all of a sudden I had this like change of heart for the material and I got the story, and I got what the words meant. And the music, THE MUSIC, it was phenomenal. The music really made me feel good, and it just made me FEEL, if you can understand what I mean. To be honest, I don't know when an album has ever done that for me, and I really experienced something amazing that day. Tommy is not just a great album, it's a work of art and genius and nothing, NOTHING will ever come close to it again!
0312117337|5.0|These cards will change your life and perception of all things! Highly recommend for any Tarot lover of all levels and ages! Fast delivery too!
B00028HBKM|5.0|outstanding depiction of Christ's final hours. accuracy with Biblical scriptures is right on key. provokes sleeping thoughts that we too often takes fot granted. not for the weak-hearted. product delivered in a very timely manner, as usual for all Amazon purchases.
B004LWZVZM|3.0|I bought this today, the blu-ray \\"Deluxe\\" edition, only to find scenes had been cut.      ***Inserting my own SPOILER ALERT***    I saw this in the theater and there have definitely been scenes cut out from the original version that absolutely lessen the film.  The most drastic cut is when Aiken interviews Captain Cunningham with his unit.  In the theater, you got to hear Cunningham tell Aiken the truth in the field and then it cut to the courtroom where he betrays him.  They have cut out the entire scene where Cunningham tells the truth on the blu-ray and many other scenes have been shortened as well.  4 stars for the original film, 2 for the blu-ray.  Boo! Hiss!  Don't edit after the fact.  It was great the way it was, editing has only lessened it.
B005DD7H50|1.0|The premise of this movie is that the protagonist discovers a drug that allows people to use 100% of their brains. This premise of course, exploits the common misconception that humans normally use only a small fraction of their brains. But in reality, the only people who normally use a small fraction of their brains are people with severe brain damage or those in persistent vegetative states and also Hollywood execs that green-light garbage like this. There should be some expectations, of course, for an audience to suspend their usual healthy dose of skepticism known commonly as the \\"willing suspension of disbelief.\\" But audiences shouldn't be expected to become complete cretins just to enjoy a movie as seems to be the expectations of the film makers for this movie. The film leaves several logical loose ends. One keeps asking oneself why if the drug may be taken without many serious side effects as the film's ending hints at isn't everyone on the drug? for example.   Unfortunately, this movie did not make for a very interesting cinematic experience. It could have been interesting if it focused on the ethical issues associated with such a drug for example but it took the low route and tried to make a conventional action thriller but containing little entertaining action and thrills. The common cheap plot devices to increase suspense are employed but no novelty either in the form of the overall plot or suspense are employed. The lead actor played by Bradley Cooper often seems robotic (even when he wasn't supposed to be strung out on the drug). This is a very forgettable movie with asinine dialogue and mediocre acting at best.
B000JFXRII|2.0|This is a somewhat embarrassingly corny 1-hour, \\"hero(in)es vs. villains\\" type of movie that tries to portray -<br />- the potential synergy of spiritual energy in all of us,<br />- that by being spiritually connected we can be protected from \\"evil\\",<br />- that spiritually inclined people may have \\"synchronicity\\" with each other (i.e. be brought together at the right moments by divine intervention),<br />- that heaven & hell are nowhere else except here on earth,<br />- and that we, as humans, have an evolutionary higher purpose in the universe.<br /><br />If I didn't know that what was being portrayed in the movie is conceptually feasible, I would have given it only a 1 star rating for the mediocre acting and poor plot alone.<br /><br />The problem with attempts to portray ethereal matters visually is that ethereal matters are simply not apparent in the material world and only reflect in our subjective perceptions of them. Spiritual phenomena are subliminal in most people, and the visual portrayal of spiritual perception in this movie would be unreal for anyone having spiritual perception. But hey, it's only a movie, and it could possibly stimulate novice spiritual aspirants to seek \\"the light\\" in some way or other.<br /><br />I would give it 6 stars for bringing to the attention of audiences the possibilities of enlightenment by spiritual endeavour, which is a difficult yet admirable attempt by the movie makers, but minus 4 stars for the poor plot and mediocre acting of the main actors. (Only the movie's army General gave a convincing performance). I haven't read any of the books on which the movie is based, so I have not compared the movie with the books.<br /><br />Even though spiritual concepts are almost impossible to portray visually, the movie makers could have done far better, because the performances give one the absurd feeling that it is a \\"happy-clappy\\" Christian movie in disguise, with the main characters wearing the proverbial \\"rose-tinted spectacles\\", and that Christ was going to burst out of the sky at the beginning of this century in South America somewhere.<br /><br />Best give this DVD to your kids to stimulate their interest in spiritual matters.y at the beginning of this century in South America somewhere.    Best give this DVD to your kids to stimulate their interest in spiritual matters.
B00006DEFA|5.0|Love this movie! I remember watching it years ago on TV when I was a little girl. It occured to me to purchse this classic and have it be part of my DVD collection. When I watched it was just how remebered it.
1424833590|2.0|This is a somewhat embarrassingly corny 1-hour, \\"hero(in)es vs. villains\\" type of movie that tries to portray -<br />- the potential synergy of spiritual energy in all of us,<br />- that by being spiritually connected we can be protected from \\"evil\\",<br />- that spiritually inclined people may have \\"synchronicity\\" with each other (i.e. be brought together at the right moments by divine intervention),<br />- that heaven & hell are nowhere else except here on earth,<br />- and that we, as humans, have an evolutionary higher purpose in the universe.<br /><br />If I didn't know that what was being portrayed in the movie is conceptually feasible, I would have given it only a 1 star rating for the mediocre acting and poor plot alone.<br /><br />The problem with attempts to portray ethereal matters visually is that ethereal matters are simply not apparent in the material world and only reflect in our subjective perceptions of them. Spiritual phenomena are subliminal in most people, and the visual portrayal of spiritual perception in this movie would be unreal for anyone having spiritual perception. But hey, it's only a movie, and it could possibly stimulate novice spiritual aspirants to seek \\"the light\\" in some way or other.<br /><br />I would give it 6 stars for bringing to the attention of audiences the possibilities of enlightenment by spiritual endeavour, which is a difficult yet admirable attempt by the movie makers, but minus 4 stars for the poor plot and mediocre acting of the main actors. (Only the movie's army General gave a convincing performance). I haven't read any of the books on which the movie is based, so I have not compared the movie with the books.<br /><br />Even though spiritual concepts are almost impossible to portray visually, the movie makers could have done far better, because the performances give one the absurd feeling that it is a \\"happy-clappy\\" Christian movie in disguise, with the main characters wearing the proverbial \\"rose-tinted spectacles\\", and that Christ was going to burst out of the sky at the beginning of this century in South America somewhere.<br /><br />Best give this DVD to your kids to stimulate their interest in spiritual matters.y at the beginning of this century in South America somewhere.    Best give this DVD to your kids to stimulate their interest in spiritual matters.
B0050PYNN0|3.0|This movie wasn't quite what I expected, but did not really disappoint. There was a ton of crude humor and an uncomfortable moment with a pedophiliac creature. The crude humor was perfectly timed though and the movie was a laugh the whole way through. James Franco, Danny McBride and Natalie Portman were all fantastic and it was nice seeing Franco and Portman in something fun and ridiculous like this. I definitely recommend this movie, if you're looking for a good laugh.
B000JBWWQ0|2.0|This is a somewhat embarrassingly corny 1-hour, \\"hero(in)es vs. villains\\" type of movie that tries to portray -<br />- the potential synergy of spiritual energy in all of us,<br />- that by being spiritually connected we can be protected from \\"evil\\",<br />- that spiritually inclined people may have \\"synchronicity\\" with each other (i.e. be brought together at the right moments by divine intervention),<br />- that heaven & hell are nowhere else except here on earth,<br />- and that we, as humans, have an evolutionary higher purpose in the universe.<br /><br />If I didn't know that what was being portrayed in the movie is conceptually feasible, I would have given it only a 1 star rating for the mediocre acting and poor plot alone.<br /><br />The problem with attempts to portray ethereal matters visually is that ethereal matters are simply not apparent in the material world and only reflect in our subjective perceptions of them. Spiritual phenomena are subliminal in most people, and the visual portrayal of spiritual perception in this movie would be unreal for anyone having spiritual perception. But hey, it's only a movie, and it could possibly stimulate novice spiritual aspirants to seek \\"the light\\" in some way or other.<br /><br />I would give it 6 stars for bringing to the attention of audiences the possibilities of enlightenment by spiritual endeavour, which is a difficult yet admirable attempt by the movie makers, but minus 4 stars for the poor plot and mediocre acting of the main actors. (Only the movie's army General gave a convincing performance). I haven't read any of the books on which the movie is based, so I have not compared the movie with the books.<br /><br />Even though spiritual concepts are almost impossible to portray visually, the movie makers could have done far better, because the performances give one the absurd feeling that it is a \\"happy-clappy\\" Christian movie in disguise, with the main characters wearing the proverbial \\"rose-tinted spectacles\\", and that Christ was going to burst out of the sky at the beginning of this century in South America somewhere.<br /><br />Best give this DVD to your kids to stimulate their interest in spiritual matters.y at the beginning of this century in South America somewhere.    Best give this DVD to your kids to stimulate their interest in spiritual matters.
B004XGN8W4|5.0|if you are a real gamer like me ypu should get it i will recommended this product > excellent product
0307341550|5.0|Oh. My. God. Oh my God. OhmyGod. This book is so amazing I want to make everyone read it right now. Everyone who likes a brooding, dramatic murder mystery that is.     It is harsh, tragic, sad, gritty and real. It is disturbing and made me cringe. At the basis is a horrific murder mystery and a reporter, Camille Preaker, who returns to her home town in Missouri to get the inside story. As she gets closer to the events, she peels off layers of her own relationships, the past and her own troubled psyche. Watching Camille's journey is like watching her twist in a whirlpool that gets tighter and tighter until she finally gets sucked under.     She is a strong and vulnerable character at the same time. And damaged. Oh so damaged. If someone had told me about her, I don't know if I would want to be friends with her, but reading about her and getting to know her is addictive. She is smart and self-destructive at the same time. Doesn't sound like a great combination? You need to read her story and judge for yourself.     The other characters are odd and frightening to different degrees, they come to life in a fascinating way. I've seen these people before, watched them on tv, heard about them or even lived next door to them. No one I think I'd want to be friends with (except perhaps her editor Curry and his wife Evelyn, the only nurturing people in the book), but I just had to learn more about them.     It's a gripping tale that examines small towns, family secrets and the psychology of both. It's about dynamics between people, twisted mother-daughter relationships, unhealthy friendships, secret trysts. Flynn is astute in her observations and holds nothing back. Sometimes the language is crass and jarring, but it is so poetic at the same time. It is a smartly written story and if you don't like the story, the beautiful writing style is worth looking at.     The plot kept me turning the pages and wondering \\"whodunit\\" and why. This part of the story is intertwined in the characters and their behavior. I had my suspicions and you will too if you read this, but nothing is really as it seems which you kind of get even a third of the way into the book.    I'm being a bit vague because I don't want to give even a morsel away and ruin any part of the story.  I recommend just diving in.    This is probably one of the best books I've read all year. You will not get a fairy tale ending, but you will get a story that you can't put down.
0060833459|5.0|The Effective Executive is great book about managing an effective organization. It talks about analyzing your schedule and doing the right things. It discusses how to maximize the different skills and personalities in an organization and how to fit them with the right positions. Highly recommend this book to anyone who wants become a better executive, manager, or just wants to become more informed on how decisions are made in an organization.
B003ZUTVJS|5.0|I typically hold actors and actresses in disdain because of the ridiculousness of their profession, but I must admit I have never been so impressed as I was by Claire Danes in this movie.
0061714372|5.0|This book is awesome. So cool to so how the Lord has worked in Mustaine's life over the past ten years. Regardless of where you are in your spiritual journey you will appreciate this book. For me, as a Christian, and a huge Megadeth fan, I couldn't be happier with the purchase of this book.
0765326353|5.0|First, let me plead with you not to be put off by the 1,000 page length of this book. The book never feels like a thousand pages; it never bogged down and had me checking the page number, not even once. The story drives you through to the end pretty rapidly.    Secondly, if you have read Sanderson before (and I will assume you have because everyone should) you know that you are in for, a great story with original magic systems, complex characters with three-dimensional motivations, and a tapestry of a story that slowly reveals its seemingly discordant parts as being totally connected.    I am not going to go into great detail about the plot or the characters, many other reviewers have already done a great job explaining the story of the book. I will say a few words about the pacing here though. This book really feels like the start of an epic fantasy series. Sanderson introduces you to the world but does not feel the need to explain every detail. I appreciate this! I do not want chapter after chapter on the currency system and the religious system etc... Sanderson is able to explain what you need to know about the world through the characters in a way that is interesting, and still leaves room for many mysteries in the following books. This feels like the first chapter in an incredible ten chapter fantasy novel that just so happens to be 9,000ish pages long. I have no doubt that every book will only get better as Brandon explores the world and continues to shape his characters.    A quick word on the magic systems: AMAZING! No, they really are. I have read all of Sanderson's other books (saving this for last) and have come to expect highly original and logical magic systems; this book is no exception. The gravity based magic lashings are truly fun to read about. I don't know what magic system generator web-site he goes to, but he should share the name with the rest of the fantasy community.    And finally, I can't believe I have not mentioned this yet, the illustrations truly make the book. A picture really can be worth a thousand words, or even ten-thousand. Being that one of the POV characters in the book is an artist, this really felt like a natural addition to the books. The art was done extremely well and I had to resist the urge (or try at least) to flip forward and see what the next picture would be.  In conclusion, read The Way of Kings. If you like fantasy whatsoever read The Way of Kings. If you love a great story with interesting characters read The Way of Kings. In fact, just read everything that Brandon Sanderson writes and you will be guaranteed a wealth of quality reading material.
B000RJO578|4.0|Ill be brief. Hot fuzz is a nice movie. its one of the few that i would rather watch at home on DVD vs going to the theater. Hot fuzz follows the classic plot line when it comes to a story    Introduction, building story, Climax, then a resolution.  There are only a few characters in the movie worth remembering, so character developments was nice. I really got to know who Angel and Danny were.    over all its a Full Price movie for me.
0740748475|5.0|As a Calvin&Hobbes Fan in CHINA,It's really hard to get such a fantastic collection so far. I have to say that Calvin&Hobbes is one of the most unforgettable comic l've ever read. This book stands for nearly everyone's childhood full of daydream and imagination created by a free mind. Reading Calvin&Hobbes always reminds me of my own memories which are not so clear but will stay in my mind lifelong.  So let's talk about this complete collection,the whole box is pretty heavy but well-packed. Each book is thick and heay,too. The paper is great,smooth and soft,make me feel very comfortable. With this collection,l can now once again enter a world without worry,anger or hatred,a world in the deep of our heart.
0802136834|5.0|I bought this book as a gift for my sister, and she loved it! It's got beautiful illustrations in it and very detailed facts about each of Henry the VIII's wives.      She wants to be a historian one day so I bought this book to help her study and to inspire her more. She loved it so much and was amazed at how beautiful and detailed the book was.      I recommend this book to anyone who loves english history.
B003Y5H53S|5.0|The movie is good and fan enough to pass one hour and one half. Nothing special as \\"Despicable me\\" is.
0545259088|5.0|For some reason, still unbeknownst to me, Forever sat on my bookcase, unread, for a month. A month! I just don't know why I was putting it off. Maybe it's because I forgot how much I enjoyed Shiver and Linger, the first and second books in the series. Possibly its because I had huge expectations for this book. Most likely, it's because I did not want the series to end. I was terrified of what would happen to the characters that I love. With each of the previous books, the stakes were raised. I knew when I read Forever, I was going to have to take it all, the good, bad and the ugly. When I say bad and ugly, I don't mean bad writing or ugly choices by the author. Maggie Stiefvater's writing is beautiful, her choices painful but real. I mean bad situations and ugly outcomes the characters must face. 'I knew that everything would be on the line for Sam and Grace, Cole and Isabel and the wolves of Mercy Falls.<br /><br />I'm striving to make this a spoiler-free review. I want each reader to experience the book the way I did. I had no idea how the scenarios would play out. There are no guarantees, up until the end. The tension builds thickly throughout the book. By the end, I felt like I had been drug through an emotional wringer.<br /><br />Here's what I can talk about. Maggie Stiefvater's beautiful, torurous writing. Her writing has a poetic, even magical tone to it. Here's a line that captivated me, I read it over and over.<br /><br />\\"In the syringe, the liquid was colorless as spit and thin as a lie. In my veins, it was razors and sand, fire and mercury.\\"<br /><br />Draws you in, huh? That kind of writing makes for delicious reading. Forever is a fast read in the sense that I read huge chunks at a time, unable to stop. But it also makes for a slow read in the sense that you find beautiful phrases that stun the brain, causing you to read them over and over, hoping to absorb them. I read the book so carefully, thoroughly, picking up insights into the characters.<br /><br />Speaking of characters, if you (like me) liked, but didn't love, Cole in Linger, you are in for a treat. For me, Cole becomes the biggest, most interesting character in Forever. I won't say how (no spoilers, remember), but here's this tidbit into \\"All you need to know about Cole\\", according to Isabel:<br /><br />\\"He saw something he didn't quite understand, liked it, and just took it to be his.\\"<br /><br />Each character's story is full of realizations, true growth. I think you can probably tell that I loved Forever, a lot. Forever is bound to stick with me for a long time. This is a book filled with hate, despair, ugly truths. But more importantly, love, friendship, selflessness. Maggie Stiefvater did her characters and their stories, justice. Forever is a book that beautifully closes the story of the Wolves of Mercy Falls.(like me) liked, but didn't love, Cole in Linger, you are in for a treat. For me, Cole becomes the biggest, most interesting character in Forever. I won't say how (no spoilers, remember), but here's this tidbit into \\"All you need to know about Cole\\", according to Isabel:     \\"He saw something he didn't quite understand, liked it, and just took it to be his.\\"     Each character's story is full of realizations, true growth. I think you can probably tell that I loved Forever, a lot. Forever is bound to stick with me for a long time. This is a book filled with hate, despair, ugly truths. But more importantly, love, friendship, selflessness. Maggie Stiefvater did her characters and their stories, justice. Forever is a book that beautifully closes the story of the Wolves of Mercy Falls.
0062060554|5.0|S.J. Watson knocked it out of the park with this debut novel.  It sucked me in on the first page and held me until the end.  As I said, I could not put it down and it also kept my heart rate up while I was reading it.
B000UR9QGW|5.0|I'm not sure why so many people (including the editorial review here at Amazon) think Evil Dead 2 is a remake if 1. They are wrong wrong wrong. Its not a remake, its a continuation on the the first movie. It has a different story, different supporting characters, just in the same cabin.     ***SPOILER ALERT****    At the end of 1, you see the \\"Evil Dead spirit thing\\" coming from the woods, through the cabin, then outside and fast approaching Ash. ED2 picks up (after the brief synopsis of what happened in 1) with the \\"thing\\" hitting Ash and knocking him to the ground. Thats where the story picks back up and continues from the first movie.     I watched a special feature with Sam Raimi years ago where he explains this continuation and how a lot of people mistake ED2 as being a remake. He credits people making this mistake due to the fact that there was a problem with licensing so he couldn't use scenes from the first movie for the recap in part 2, so he had to re-shoot a cliff's notes version of 1 to catch people up. Thats why the back story is slightly different with different actors. This its also when he changed the name of the book from Morturom Demonto to the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis. I forgot his explanation for changing the name of the book though.      Anyways, amazing trilogy, huge fan.
1451629184|5.0|JaYCEE YOU ARE AMAZING, THIS BOOK WAS AWESOME I COULD NOT PUT THE THING DOWN. i AM A PERSON THAT DOESN'T LIKE TO READ AND ONCE I STARTED THE BOOK THERE WAS NO PUTTING IT DOWN.
B0040JHXTI|5.0|This DVD set is worth 5 stars for the 1978 bootleg show alone. What I would have given for this back in the old days of trading 39th generation VHS poor quality tapes through the mail. I knew those shows were magic, but to finally have one legit on DVD is great. It is raw footage but I would not expect a Live in NYC type product either.      The packaging is great, the Darkness discs are a worthy addition to any collection.  Live at the Paramount is a little bit of a waste - a one time watch.     Thanks Bruce!
B00356CO1E|5.0|While I was waiting on some other workout DVDs to be delivered, I took a chance on ordering this thru amazon instant video, due to the low price.  Never having watched the biggest loser, I was amazed at how much I enjoyed this workout.  I intended to only use the video for a few days, but I stuck with it and I have completed 30 days of the 30 day shred.  I spent 4-5 days each on Levels 1, 2, and 3.  I then rotated between level 2 and level 3, sometimes taking a day off to do a pilates/yoga workout.      I do the jumping moves in the cardio segments on my rebounder, as I had trouble with my knees recently when I tried the turbofire workouts.  This has worked out great for me with the 30 day shred workouts.  With 5 lb weights, levels 2 and 3 are still challenging for me.    While I have only lost 2 lbs of the 10 lbs I would like to lose, I feel much stronger, and see slight positive changes in how my body looks.  This video has provided better results than my stationary bike or turbofire.  I am going to try additional Jillian Michaels videos.  However, 30 day shred may remain my favorite, as I would never have believed I could get such a great workout in less than 30 minutes.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|This is an excellent movie, following the tale of teen surfer Bethany Hamilton. Christian and moral values are well portrayed and Bethany is a good example and an inspiration for people around the world. My only concern is that, with all the beach scenes, skimpy bathing suits are common. And while the shark attack by itself isn't scary (as it is very brief and little is seen of the shark), the paddling to shore and frenzied drive to the hospital can be rather frightening for young children.  Ariel_of_Narnia
B003N11PZC|5.0|This episode has got to be one of the best Glee episodes produced. Joss Whedon directs, Neil Patrick Harris guest stars, and we get the amazing duo Matthew Morrison and NPH singing Aerosmith's \\"Dream On.\\" AND Artie, the wheel-chair kid, finally gets a \\"dream\\" dance scene singing and dancing to \\"Safety Dance.\\" The theme and hilarity of this episode supersedes the majority of the crappy, last-minute-put-together, auto-tuned, unbalanced-themed Glee episodes that occurred the second half of first season, and the majority of the second season. You can hate Glee and love this episode.    NPH + Joss Whedon + Dream On + Safety Dance = FTW!
B004O3YGMC|3.0|I have had this app on my iPhone for awhile and use it with great pleasure, so, when I got an Android tab, this was the first app I bought. Unfortunately, and as others have pointed out, (1) you can&apos;t use your computer&apos;s native resolution, and (2) you can&apos;t input anything with the tablet keyboard. So, you end up having to reset your computer&apos;s display and can&apos;t do anything that requires typing. It&apos;s not useless; it just won&apos;t let you do what the app does let you do on an Apple device.
B004SKQAJI|2.0|Compared to the original Lord of the Dance video this one has background scenery on the stage that is very distracting.  It is sometimes hard to see the actual performances.  And there are very few close ups of the performers faces.  And because of the years that have elapsed since the original video came out, Michael Flatley has lost quite a bit of that world class athleticism he used to have.  Remember those 180 degree leg kicks he used to have?  Sadly, they are gone.  From now on I will only watch the original video.  After all, it's one the best videos ever made; in my opinion.
B005FUTBV4|5.0|I had the pleasure of seeing this movie on the Red State tour when it made its way to Seattle. John Goodman gives a stunning performance and this tale of morality and the choices we make is a brilliant story. Critics of Smith's visual style will be surprised to see a movie as visually interesting as the story is gripping and the characters well developed and intriguing.<br />I love the shades of gray within the story. Everyone has their motives for their actions good and bad and much like real life, there are no clear cut good guys and bad guys. It's not that kind of story.<br />I am really looking forward to seeing it again and sharing it with all my friends who did not have a chance to see it while it was on tour.
B000002LCU|5.0|Had this on tape (old)...was happy to find it on CD, here.<br />Fast service...excellent condition.  Purchased thru one of Amazon's great re-sellers.<br />~Thanks!
B004ZGI2KK|1.0|While the look of this movie is visually beautiful the story is so haphazardly put together as to be ridiculous.  I am SO glad we rented this and I didn't waste my money on it.
B004LWZVZM|5.0|The Conspirator is a great film that is based off of a really impressive script and shocking true story.  90% of the action is in the dialogue of the film and with that they succeeded tremendously because it is such an intriguing and suspenseful one to watch.  Also, it is a shocking story that virtually nobody knows about.  The acting is phenomenal, especially James McAvoy and Robin Wright, and the movie has solid direction by the Redford.  I feel like a lot of young people will want to stay away from a movie like this because they think it will be like they are in history class.  And this movie really doesn't have that feel at all.  It's a great ride and will without a doubt keep you entertained!
B000077VR3|5.0|It was a very good copy I was impressed. It also came right on scheduale it was perfect I am very excited!!!
0553801473|2.0|What bothers me about this book is the obvious editing flaws, like using the word widdle for little twice in 20 pages by two separate characters it has more impact if you choose it once for one character making fun of someones widdle toes or widdle fingers but not twice. I noticed it in the last book too with the word dun everything was described as dun, which is a color so it was their dun breeches or dun mules or dun this dun that, come on pick up a bloody thesaurus.  However I don't blame Martin who obvi has a lot of character development on his plate, I blame his editors. Unfortunately that is not my only problem...it seems like Martin could have really made an outstanding book here but chose a more circuitous route which made me feel disappointed.  I know he likes to slowly develop characters and one of the characters I hated in the previous books but started to really sympathize with was Reek/ Theron.  So kudos to him for that. However the dragons, how are a bunch of unruly monsters ever going to be able to stage a comeback for Dany in Westeros.  A little time spend in training them throughout this book would have given me some hope that they would be able to assist her in winning back Westeros sans Victarion. Or at least giving Dany the inkling that there was another Targaryen afoot would have been interesting.<br /> Also why do they always quote the \\"Rains of Castemere\\" did I miss some exciting ancient plot twist related to that song?  Help me out if you know the answer to that one.  But I digress, I got into these books after HBO and plowed through the first three which were absolutely amazing, these last two have been a how can I say it...a real bummer. The books are clogged with characters that in and of itself is sometimes hard to follow for me I wish there was a little more development of the lesser characters to make them more salient in my mind if you are going to bring them up every 200 or so pages make them stick please! So many coats of arms so many banners all of them confusing, I kept getting Roose and Ramsey confused.  And the people across the narrow sea were melting into one save a couple characters.  All in all I think I will like the next books if they flow as nicely as the first three, come on Martin you can do it!
B004ZZS4CC|4.0|Jaycee Duggard's story is beautifully written. Although at time difficult to read, she truly lets the reader into her life. It is refreshing to read a biography that is written by the person. I loved the way she tied in her journal entries into the story and that she comments about events that happened. Although the book is graphic it makes the reader truly understand her struggles and just how far she has come since her kidnapping.
159420229X|1.0|I bought the book thinking there would be lots of interesting strategies for improving memory and recall. Instead it was filled with a lot of boring stories. Just not what I was hoping for.
031261246X|5.0|Fictional tale of cyber terrorism that is a must read for the serious cyber professionals. It is an excellent ZERO DAY incident response scenario that will cause you to take these threats seriously. It is not a matter of 'if' but 'when' it happens.
B004XDYJRU|5.0|I use this app every morning listening to the morning show.  The default app for their station is rather poor.  This guy runs perfectly, I've used it for about 3 months now and still love it.<br /><br />It also has been helpful to listen to NPR if you are traveling (since you will lose your car radio-station fairly quickly in my area)<br /><br />Very much worth the buck!  I've suggested this app to many others, each one loves it!
0439023513|1.0|I don't have time to go into a lot of detail but the book was a huge disappointment to me.
B0055SWM08|1.0|Not compatible with my Coby 7015. Unplayable.  Display flickers like crazy. Painful to look at. Text is so fat it is unreadable. Too bad.
B004KD5TQI|5.0|Wow, this music is truly inspirational.  I like fantasy movies, but this one was only ok.  The music, on the other hand, was fantastic.  The producer/director did an excellent job in that regard.  As a matter of fact, this is only the 3rd soundtrack I have ever bought in my life.  I bought the other two because of the songs themselves; I bought this soundtrack because of the feelings the music invokes.  As I said, inspirational.
1933952806|5.0|This book is a must have if you own a Nikon D7000. Very well written and makes it easy to understand a fairly sophisticated camera. Cover's all the controls and best settings for the camera. I'm so glad I got it. Thanks (Digital Darrell)<br /><br />PS. I forgot to mention I have his book Mastering the D700 and this book is twice as large-more info.
B003L77GRY|5.0|I'm the type of fan that waits until I can own the entire season on Blu ray so I can enjoy all the episodes from start to finish with minimum breaks. Just as I have done the last 4 seasons of Dexter I waited at my local Wally World until midnight to pick up my copy then rushed home for what usually turns out to watching the whole season in about two and a half days.     I had read some of the criticism about how the shows formula was getting stale and that the show needed Dexter to take bigger risk or to get caught up in more dangerous situations. Well, for two episodes I started to feel the same way. I started to wonder if this show had fallen into a trap of predictability that the Showtime network thought was safe and wouldn't anger fans. (spoilers) But then...Lumen comes into the story the only way such a dynamic character could entire Dexter's life. For the first time in season five I witnessed an actor display emotions that I did not doubt for a second. Lumen brought a breath of life into the season that I was not expecting. From there the story only gets better and better. I mean come on...it's got Robo Cop (well not quite) in it and he plays a great bully. I thought the casting for this season was tremendous.     I don't want to give away anymore than I already have. I have to say that in many ways this season went a lot further than my expectations. The only downside is now that I have finished watching season five I have a very long wait until season six is released.     This season was full of twist and more than a handful of moments that will leave your jaw on the floor.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|This movie was both motivational and inspiring. A great flick. I even shed a tear and as a grown man that is not easy to do.  The acting was excellent, the story is awesome. Overall 10 stars.  A must see movie. Get it now [[ASIN:B004EPYZZI Soul Surfer (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo)]]
1400032717|4.0|by Josh Pompan    The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time is a must-read novel by Mark Haddon.  Written in the first point of view, the main character, Christopher John Francis Boone, tells a story about his life in the form a murder mystery novel after discovering the death of his neighbor's dog, Wellington.      He lives with his father, Ed Boone, in the large, industrial town of Swindon, England.  Christopher is extremely \\"book smart\\", but is inept when it comes to social and communication skills, as he has a severe form of Autism.  He is very meticulous, and any change in his daily routine could lead to a tantrum.  If one shows the colors brown and yellow to Christopher, he will probably begin grunting and yelling at the top of his lungs.  He only eats red foods and interprets five red cars in a row as a \\"Super Good Day\\".  Christopher believes that because other people have their rationales why they like or dislike something, he should be able to have his own reasons.  Also, this boy's world revolves around logic and math.  He hopes to achieve an \\"A\\" grade on his A-level exam and eventually attend a university.    However, Christopher's disability does not limit his curiosity.  This character is determined to solve the mystery of the dog's death, even if it means disobeying his father's wishes.  He needs to overcome many of his fears including talking to neighbors and leaving the safety of his own house.  As Christopher looks deeper into this mystery, he discovers many complexities, which eventually take him on a journey that changes his life forever.    The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time reveals insights about human nature through Christopher's eyes.  Themes about truth, logic, stability, and humanity are also recurrent throughout the story.  It was fascinating for me to witness society from the perspective of an autistic child.  The simplicity of Christopher's mind makes the world seem so complicated.  By using a different style of writing, Mark Haddon has created a unique novel that will captivate readers.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|My son wanted this movie so of course I got it and surprisingly was right into the plot. I really enjoyed this movie and even more so as i got to spend quality time with my son.  Great Movie excellent buy.[[ASIN:B004HO6I4M Rio]]
1400032717|5.0|The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nighttime is a \\"murder mystery\\" involving the killing of a black poodle named Wellington.  But don't let this dissuade you from reading this novel - it's as charming and thought provoking as it is unique.  The tale is told through the eyes of our detective - a 15-year-old boy named Christopher Boone, whom I promise you will fall in love with by the end of the story.  However, this novel is more than just a mystery.  It's an astonishingly accurate look at human nature.  You learn from the beginning that young Christopher is not a neuro-typical child.  In fact, he operates more like a machine than he does a man.  This allows him to tell him to tell his story by reciting the cold, hard facts, as though the story were written from a third person perspective.  You end up learning more about many of the supporting characters than you do about our protagonist.  And, as is important for any good murder mystery, you'll never guess who did it.
1451629184|5.0|All I can say is that this woman is a true inspiration.  Jaycee may the rest of your life be fulfilling and wonderful.  Your children have the best Mother ever!!
B004XQO90O|5.0|This is a hit movie and establishes Duncan Jones in the mainstream.It may take him along the path of Nolan,but I think Jones has a greater propensity to delineate human emotions.Pop-corn sci-fi,Source Code carries off its absurdity lightly and stylishly. Jones is a spellbinding storyteller and doesn't bog his film down with long explanations or pretentious metaphysics(as in Nolan).\\"Source Code\\" is a military computer programme that allows an agent to pass into another man's brain in the last 8 minutes of his life.Science fiction is fiction based on an idea of science and Jones focusses on story and characters and idea without gratuitious special effects.     Captain Colter Stevens(Gyllenhaal),on a mission,is sent back in time to this train bound to Chicago,and into the body of \\"Sean\\" a schoolteacher commuter:he is disorientated,opposite him sits a beautiful woman,Christina(Monaghan),who appears to know him.His job is to locate a bomb on board and hopefully the man who planted it.In doing so he can prevent a bigger bomb within Chicago.The train soon blows up.He awakes in a low tech capsule where he learns via a computer screen that an agent called Goodwin(Farmiga)is in charge of him,and a mysterious Dr Rutledge in the background,who created Source Code.Stevens has to repeatedly live the last 8 minutes of the teacher's life to find the villain. As he returns again and again to those fateful eight minutes, Colter finds that he can remember his previous visits, even though for Christina and others on the train, they are of course happening for the first time (as in Groundhog Day). As the conscious occupant of this borrowed body, he apparently possesses free will and need not duplicate exactly what the original memory donor did. This involves thepossibility that he could relive the memories of a man's final eight minutes and act in such a way as to affect the outcome.     Due to the insecurity of his situation and the pressing nature of the time allowed,Gyllenhaal enactsthe role of a hapless innocent from cluelessness to unwavering resolve with which he aims to transcend the ultimate purpose of his mission with romantic asides and comedic missteps,brilliantly..Ripley's screenplay slowly unveiling twists that deepen our understanding of the situation and draw us closer to the hero.Stevens,however, will also pursue his own agenda: to find out how he came to be part of this experimental programme; to contact the father from whom he had departed on bad terms for a tour of duty in Afghanistan; and to save Christine, the other passengers,and the world. Stephens must also grapple with the question of whether it is possible to divert your life from the terminus towards which it seems - inevitably and uncontrollably - to be hurtling.My criticism is that the film went on too long and should have frozen when time froze during the kiss,signifying what was the death of Colter.By the end he had created a parallel universe,which implies for each trip back in time he has probably created a different dimension and reality,separate from his originating time/dimension.
0553801473|5.0|Book came in faster than expected. (Yeah!!!) One needs to read the first four books in the series to understand A Dance With Dragons. It is more of a continuation of Book Four, A Feast for Crows, then a separate book in its own right.  The only negative comment is that I must wait a while  for book six.
0938045695|5.0|Between the library, borrowing from friends and buying several Pavel books, I have to say that I'm a fan of his books and method.  I actually had this book from the library first and decided I wanted it around all the time so I bought it.    As in all his books, Pavel focuses on the basics and doing a few important things correctly and goes into lots of detail about those things.  The books are also very topically focused which I find a strength.  But that does have a downside.  In general, while each book uses interrelated concepts, Pavel doesn't duplicate much of the data and instead references his other books.  Again, that means it's focused, but if you want the other info you have to buy other books.  In some sense, it seems like a racket.  However, I've gotten good results with his stretching and \\"Naked Warrior\\" book and am enjoying this book as well although results are still to be determined.  Update: been doing the \\"Enter the Kettlebell\\" workouts for several months now and I'm a believer.  I've never gained so much functional strength that's positively affected the other training I do.  Kettlebells are now at the top of my workout list...I just bought the next bell up and am ready for more.
0345529057|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading this series. I found the packaging and the binding very nice and was surprised at how well the binding held up considering the thickness of each book. They survived being schlepped around in my purse, my briefcase, and being lent out to others. I am very happy with the set and the series.
1451629184|5.0|What a courageous young girl, who did what she had to do to survive one day let alone 18 years without running water and only a bucket for a  toilet. And, to have and raise two young daughters on top of it. There should be much more scrutiny of the monsters among us. I pray that Jaycee Dugard and her daughters do very well in the years ahead in spite of their poor beginning.  Thanks to Amazon for carrying the book.  I have it now for resale.
B002Q4TKAO|5.0|I first bought this concert on iTunes and loved it so much that I had to purchase the DVD. As good as their music is, it sounds so much better live. The live horns on \\"Losing Touch\\" - I get chills! The extended bass line in \\"Jenny Was a Friend of Mine\\" - OMG! The energy of the band and the audience in \\"When You Were Young\\"?! \\"Shadowplay\\"?! I could go on and on. I am very happy for the accompanying audio CD as well. The songs on the CD sound slightly different than the audio on the DVD.     Weird thing tho - the DVD insert is a booklet with shades of purple circles - does anyone know if there's a secret hidden here?
B0055SWM08|5.0|this is a simple to understand puzzler with quick and responsive controls. need more like this on the android market
B004IFYN2Y|4.0|This movie was a pleasant surprise. I was surprised to learn it did relatively poorly at the box office. This is one that I plan to enjoy on multiple occasions.
B00007KLJJ|1.0|The dvd is not able to be played in Australia i didnt think of that!!!!  USA Compatable only Yay+++++ Iv been looking for it for ages in Aus they said try Amazon so i did and i found it lucky me so i need a Dvd in australia.
0062060554|5.0|I really enjoyed this book - yes, there have been other variations on this theme, both book and movie genres, but this was an excellent and compelling read.    Definitely a page turner - I didn't figure it out until it was almost revealed to the reader - but I had various solutions that were wrong throughout the book, as it turned out.    I was also surprised that the author was not a woman - he wrote Christine's part so perfectly.    Totally recommend this - I know you will enjoy it!  Can't wait for his next book.
0345529057|3.0|I invested in the four pak offered by Amazon of Martin's A Game of Thrones, Consisting of A Clash of Kings through A Fiest for Crows. While all the books are a good read, like other readers, I am frustrated by the lack of some kind of ending. To some extent it's good to be left on a precipice while the author goes on to a different protaganist, but it soon gets frustrating. In the Fiest for Crows, I found myself scanning rather than reading. Not good! So, I'm not going to buy new books. I'll wait (I may not live long enough) until Martin's books are for sale at a used book store or at Good Will or The Salvation Army. At this time, they aren't a good investment.
B004A8ZX28|3.0|It's \\"Frantic\\" meets \\"The Bourne Supremacy\\" in a thriller that feels so familiar, it's like you've seen it before . . .because you have!    Dr. Martin Harris (Liam Neeson), a respected botanist, travels with his wife (January Jones) to Berlin for a scientific conference. After arriving at his hotel, he realizes that he left his briefcase with all his papers at the airport and leaves his wife to check in while he goes to retrieve it. There is an accident & he wakes up in a hospital after four days in a coma. He returns to the hotel where, not only does his wife not recognize him, but she's in the company of another man (a near cameo by Aidan Quinn) who says that HE is Martin Harris. With no identification & still nursing a head injury, he tries to piece together his past, while in his present, he is being pursued by vicious thugs intent on killing him. The only link to his recent past who can prove he's not insane is the cab driver who was involved in the accident with him (Diane Kruger). I had more fun counting the references to the two films I mentioned earlier than I did actually watching this paint-by-numbers popcorn cruncher, but as always, Liam Neeson brings a wounded intensity to material that isn't altogether worthy of it. I don't watch \\"Mad Men\\" but it's apparent here that January Jones has wandered rather far above her pay grade in a big-screen project.    Oh, throw a little \\"Salt\\" on this corn while you're at it. Maybe a dash of \\"Mission: Impossible\\", and a smidgin of \\"The Fugitive\\", too. Leaven with a pinch of \\"The Constant Gardener\\" & \\"Duplicity\\" for the cherry on top. Director Jaume Collet-Serra & his screenwriters are certainly up on their thriller genre, and Collet-Serra seems to have obtained the services of the Bourne cinematographer. Not as good as \\"Taken\\", but Neeson is always worth seeing.
0756404738|4.0|I should hate this book.  I said these words to myself a number of times during my read of it, more often than GRRM uses \\"You know nothing, Jon Snow\\".  Probably more than even a number during the Fae Super Sexathon.  I should hate this book.  The main character is a Mary-Sue on HGH, a lot of the plot is author created problems revolving around money, and well...Fae Super Sexathon and all.  I should hate this book.<br /><br />Yet...I don't hate it.  I actually had a great time with it from cover to cover.  Rothfuss processes an ability to draw you in with his prose, to make you sit at his feet, pull up your knees, and listen to storytime just like when you were in kindergarten.  If you were home-schooled, I'm sorry this metaphor goes over your head.<br /><br />Some of what I like is simply the first-person narrative doing its thing.  First-person is either BAD or GOOD and here we have GOOD.  Another part is the school story showing its power yet again.  Buffy, Harry Potter, etc., so forth, that school setting just calls out to us.  Even poor Spider-man is going back to school!<br /><br />For the rest we are left with Rothfuss' words, his love for stories interweaving with each other, his careful attention to detail, and his ability to drop hints at what's coming up ahead of you and for Kvothe.  Rothfuss gets us to pay attention and there's no skipping over the elf songs here.  Sorry, Tolkien...<br /><br />This novel does have its problems.  The mercenaries felt like Aiel 2.0.  Kvothe conquering a sex goddess was...laughable at times.  As mentioned, the money worries might have taken up too much of the novel and are purely arbitrary tensions created by Rothfuss himself.  Some would complain about Denna, but not me, I have little problem with Denna, she's one of the better characters. The problem is just Kvothe...who is a real jack BLEEP and he's at his most BLEEPY around Denna.<br /><br />Not a perfect novel, but a novel that does have some perfect scenes in it, the Freaky Tree of Doom being the most perfect of all.<br /><br />Really, all of the Kingkiller Cronicles hangs in balance on the last book, much like the First Law Trilogy did on Last Argument of Kings by Joe Abercrombie.  We'll see if it was worth the years then, so onward to \\"The Doors of Stone\\".<br /><br />Three and a half but give the man a curve.ct of all.    Really, all of the Kingkiller Cronicles hangs in balance on the last book, much like the First Law Trilogy did on Last Argument of Kings by Joe Abercrombie.  We'll see if it was worth the years then, so onward to \\"The Doors of Stone\\".    Three and a half but give the man a curve.
0345529057|5.0|All the bad reviews seem to get to the quality of the books and or the kindle program.  I read all four books and passed them on to friends.  No problems whatsoever. No one is complaining about page loss, proofreading, or anything else.  This is an exceptional fantasy series.  The fifth in the series is equally compelling and brilliant and I couldn't recommend it more highly!
B000O8OTNC|5.0|Use it for Bikepacking trips because it is so lightweight. Keeps a good edge on my blades. Also good for serrated blades. Nice!
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|Absolutely love this! Makes managing my HTS DS so much easier. Didn't work with my Transformer, but that's probably me. Many thanks!
0817439390|5.0|This is an excellent resource for an enthusiast wishing to learn about the technical aspects of photography, particularly about the creative use of depth-of-field, shutter speeds, and light metering.  Clearly explained with excellent example photos.  Very professional.  Peterson doesn't waste time talking about which fancy camera/software/printer to buy. Exactly what I was looking for.
B003EV6DBM|2.0|Let me start by saying that what I've seen of Matt Smith's tenure as the 11th Doctor is very promising so far. That's not what this review is about<br /><br />I was shocked, having purchased previous series of new Who as well as everything available at present of classic Who, to see how cheap and shoddy the packaging is the Series 5 release<br /><br />Just one piece of tape theoretically holding together all the trays the various DVDs are in. And numerous cracks in those<br /><br />But the worst bit was being right in the middle of the two-parter The Time of Angels/Flesh and Stone and, when I went to put in disc 3 to continue to story, having it not play. And then, turning the disc over, seeing a huge crack in it<br /><br />I'm not sure if something happened during shipping or what, but I'm quite disappointed and will be returning it. It's put a hamper on my enjoyment of Series 5. Maybe I should have gone to Best Buy to get it or some such...[[ASIN:B003EV6DBM Doctor Who: The Complete Fifth Series]]
B002ZG976U|5.0|Loved this movie and would recommend it to everyone.  The dancing is great.  I got to see Ann Corio live when she took her show on the road in 1966.  Ann Corio was one of the last Burlesque shows and it was funny, slightly blue and worth seeing.      I watch this movie and Chicago whenever I feel I need some personal down time.      One of the best parts is watching Cher sing.  Her lips are so full of botox that they don't move.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app really is an excellent bible app.  It has all the versions I need, it lets me make notes and sync them online and even had reading plans.  This app had really helped me keep in the bible.
0763644765|3.0|It's cute, but that's not what I bought it for. It's and interesting potty read for the little one I suppose, but mine isn't very interested in it past the first few pages. Maybe in a few weeks, I'll try it again. For now it's cute but still on the shelf.
B00006AW2J|5.0|'Beggars Banquet' and 'Exile on Main Street' are the two most honest (and, in my opinion, the two best) Stones albums because both perfectly capture where the band and society were at at the time of recording.  On 'Exile', the band reached back and paid tribute to their R&B roots while capturing a tremendously rocking, sleazy sound that showed both a band at the height of their powers and gave a portrait of the jet-setting, sex-and-drugs environment that summed up their lifestyle at the time.  In its overall sound, it also reflected a society weary and disillusioned after the utopian dreams of the '60's failed to realize their potential.    'Beggars Banquet' also found the band going back to the blues after their failed attempts at psychedelia.  The tragic year of 1968 was the closest our society came to revolution and total revolt in the 20th century, and no band reflected this state of mind better than the Stones.  \\"Sympathy for the Devil\\" and \\"Street Fighting Man\\" are lyrically two of the best songs that Jagger and Richards ever wrote (as well as the marvellous single \\"Jumpin' Jack Flash\\" from that same year), and the utopian anthem \\"Salt of the Earth\\" is a moving way of reaching out to both sides of the so-called \\"generation gap\\" that existed at the time.  The combination of rock, acoustic blues, country, and lyrical excellence all add up to a very powerful album, one of rock's best ever.    Special credit should also be given to producer Jimmy Miller, who did a first-rate job in helping to form the album's overall tone and mood.  This is one work of art that NO Stones fan can afford to miss.
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|Bruno Mars is incredible!  I love this CD and will purchase others, such as \\"It Gets Better\\", especially love the song \\"Today My Life Begins.\\"  Bruno Mars is one of today's outstanding artists.  Thank You, Amazon for offering his music.
1451629184|5.0|There's little else for me to add to the already glowing reviews here, other than the fact that this book is one of the most touching stories that I've read in years. If you ever want to inspire someone in your life to be stronger, think of tomorrow and never give up hope, then this book is the one to buy. An amazing story, very bravely written by a woman with strength that few of us would have in the same circumstances. A wonderful, touching read. Buy it!
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Adele 21 is an exceptional CD because Adele Adkins is an amazing talent.  A \\"set of pipes\\" that won't quit!!!  And, I'm thankful for that.  Looking forward to her next CD.
B0025KVLTC|1.0|I can't comment on the audio quality because I can't get it to play on my computer. The file format is .exe, not .wav or .mp3 or .ogg or any standard audio format. I can't believe they used a proprietary .exe format that only works with Windows! I've tried four different music players but the only thing that will play is the little video. My computer can't see the audio files to rip them to my harddrive, either. The same holds true for the remastered Sgt. Pepper CD. Very disappointed!    EDIT: I found a keyboard hack that allowed me to access the audio tracks in .ogg format and rip them to my HDD. So it can be done, but nobody should have to spend hours researching the internet just to play a CD.
B0000027RL|4.0|Pearl Jam has a bunch of songs that just always seem to get stuck in your head when you listen to the radio, and not in a bad way. You like the songs and want to hear more of them. And the ones on Ten are absolutely classic. I'm going to admit, I don't like most of the newer stuff Pearl Jam created. It just doesn't cut it for someone like me who really enjoys grunge and the old sound. It's just my opinion, and doesn't have to be anyone else's.<br /><br />Ten has plenty of great songs. The three singles that get a lot of airtime on rock radio stations are probably the three that you're familiar with- Alive, Jeremy, and Even Flow. They're a great choice for singles, and are, in my opinion, some of the strongest songs on there. Even Flow is probably my favorite, partially because of how melodic it is. You can barely understand what Eddie Vedder is singing because of that. I also liked how Release ended. All of the songs either recount real events that have happened to Vedder (such as Alive being about finding out that his father was actually his step-father) or are typically misleading and full of deeper meanings. They all are kind of bleak, but that's what grunge is about.<br /><br />A little thing that I liked about the CD was that the booklet that usually has song lyrics, pictures, and all of that copyright info wasn't actually a booklet. It was an ingenious piece of paper folded up that looks more like a poster. It's fun seeing the ingeniousness of people.<br /><br />Pearl Jam definitely has a sound all its own. The band sounds very different from most of the other bands you have ever heard, even grunge bands like Nirvana or Alice in Chains. It is this difference that makes Pearl Jam stand out. It seems to be more about having multiple guitars come together and create an orchestra of sound rather than just a couple guys sitting down together and playing whatever and screaming into the microphone. Yes, you have that, but it's more refined. It's more beautiful. That is probably why Pearl Jam was able to create music for twenty years, and was able to keep up with the times. But the beauty and talent of Pearl Jam is best captured on their debut album, Ten.m was able to create music for twenty years, and was able to keep up with the times. But the beauty and talent of Pearl Jam is best captured on their debut album, Ten.
B0025KVLTM|1.0|I can't comment on the music quality because I can't get it to play on my computer. The file format is .exe, not .wav or .mp3 or .ogg or any standard audio format. I can't believe they used a proprietary .exe format that only works with Windows! I've tried four different music players but the only thing that will play is the little video. My computer can't see the audio files to rip them to my harddrive, either. The same holds true for the remastered Revolver CD. Very disappointed!    EDIT: I found a keyboard hack that allowed me to access the audio tracks in .ogg format and rip them to my HDD. So it can be done, but nobody should have to spend hours researching the internet just to play a CD.
0525951652|4.0|I've been a Ken Follett fan ever since I read Pillars of the Earth.  Having read many of his other books, I was looking for another epic tale that I could dive into while away on vacation.  It didn't disappoint.  I almost chose to skip this book based on the mixed reviews it received on Amazon.  While many readers praised the book and gave it five stars, a large number of readers criticized it based on the lack of character development as well as the believability of some of the chance interactions between characters in the story.  I don't disagree with that criticism  (for example, several of his characters from different countries conveniently cross paths time and again in the field of battle and across multiple continents) but for me, this literary device didn't detract from the story or the characters themselves.  The story was also quite interesting from a historical perspective, giving someone like myself who is relatively unfamiliar with the events that shaped WWI and the post-war period with an enjoyable introduction to the subject.  If you like Ken Follett and look forward to a satisfyingly long book (nearly 1000 pages) and good story, I think Fall of Giants is another worthy book by the author.  It leaves me looking forward to the next of the three books in the trilogy.
B0055B0MIO|5.0|Not the best Trivium CD but its better than the last 2 albums! Awesome CD! I love Trivium and would suggest this CD to any Metal Fan.
1250004349|5.0|I received this book on a Sat. and fininshed it on Wednesday.  I have never read a a book that fast in my life.  It's a book you do not want to put down.  It kept my interest the whole time.  I wish I could have met Sarah.  A faboulous girl. The guilt that she carried all her life.  I can relate to her.  Yes, it was a very sad story, but it made you remember how much they all went through.  It makes you think about not feeling sorry for yourself.  A must read book.
B005HGKW6E|5.0|Wonderful for people who like historical dramas, and the acting is so good that even those who are not fans of historical dramas should like this.  McAvoy lives up to his usual reputation and does a great job, but the surprise for me was Robin Wright.  I like her OK but have never been really impressed with her acting.  I think she really did a fabulous job in this movie as Mary Surratt (actually I didn't even recognize her at first).  Won't bother going into historical details as the previous reviewer did a great job of describing the whole story from that perspective, but for those of you who are not into Historical Drama's and don't care about the historical backdrop - here is a quick run down for you:  It's a great story of a young up and coming lawyer who is reluctantly forced into defending a woman who is generally despised and presumed guilty, in a landmark case.  This places him in a politically precarious position and places his entire future in jeopardy. As the case unfolds, he starts to question whether his client is indeed guilty as presumed. And he has questions himself about the cost of \\"doing the right thing\\" or walking away from a case that he never wanted to begin with.
B003L77GRO|3.0|After the absolutely outstanding third and fourth seasons, season 5 is a bit of a disappointment, but overall still entertaining and addictive. Dexter is one of the best shows on tv- EVER- but season 5 did not live up to the series' past excellence.   It started out promising. The writers allowed fans the full emotional experience of Rita's death by beginning season 5 only moments after season 4 left off. Watching Dexter on his knees on the lawn holding Harrison, awkwardly breaking the news of their mother's death to Astor and Cody (saying to them, \\"I'm sorry for your loss\\"), and then temporarily fleeing from his life was gut wrenching and spot-on \\"Dexter.\\" Astor's anger and rejection of Dexter was both realistic for a grieving adolescent and well-performed. Dexter's clueless attempts to reach out to Astor were deeply touching and allowed him a tinge of being \\"human.\\"  However, the show made major mis-steps with LaGuerta, Matthews, and Deborah. First, LaGuerta had previously developed from a one-dimensional character of a press-savy, ambitious, but only so-so cop, into an intelligent and compassionate leader over the course of the first four seasons. However, her behavior this season, especially throwing Deb under to bus to politically \\"save the department\\" was totally off-course. It would have been much more plausible for her to pull a Janet Reno. Second, what purpose did Captain Matthews serve in this season? Third, despite her emotional growth and empathy for the \\"vigilante couple\\" does anyone really believe Det. Morgan wouldn't have pulled back that curtain??? The writers took the concept of suspension of disbelief to the outer limits with that twist.  While the storyline surrounding Lumen was disturbing and yielded some riches (the character of Jordan Chase, for example), Julia Stiles was dull and the Dexter-gets-a-partner-in-crime angle was a poorly recycled plot from season 3. But this season's biggest downfall is the lack of true-to-form Dexter the viewers get after the first episode. Dexter is supposed to be cool, calm, collected, and always in control. In contrast, season 5's Dexter is scattered and off his mark. Instead of smoothly taking the viewers on a ride with his dark passenger, he is frantically running about, putting out fires and reacting to his circumstances (yet another car accident was a feable attempt to build the suspense in the dwindling minutes of the final episode). We already saw Dexter flounder in his killing after he was forced to put-down Rudy/Brian in a previous season. Yet, Astor's repeated questions to Dexter if his helping Lumen is helping him to feel better about not proctecting Rita (and his response of complete silence) is truly profound insight into his character and Astor's growing maturity.  Hated the storyline with robo-cop. That time could've been deliciously spent on Dexter's more worthy nemesis, Jordan and his gang of riff-raff. Still it was nice to see Dexter do Quinn a solid (even though Quinn didn't deserve it).
B004EPYZT4|2.0|I just saw this film. Been a HUGE Conan fan since the early 70's, from comic-books to novels to the films.    When Arnold Schwarzenegger was chosen to be the 1st Conan on film,I had my doubts. But after seeing it, despite some awkward dialogue, Arnold embodied at least most of the true heart of the character, helped MAJORLY by a collection of screen writer and director who obviously loved Robert E. Howard's greatest creation.    John Milius just proved to me that modern-day writers, directors, and special effects doth not make a solid Conan film. The new one had great production, and an actor that just proved he has the look and feel of Conan. But the poor actor had to deal with the cards he was given to play one of the most beloved fantasy icons ever written.    This film started out decently enough, but then spiraled ever downward faster than a speeding bullet with a ton of boulders on top of it. What a shame. Why is it that Hollywood can seemingly do comic-book caped crusader type heros great - but can't do Conan or Tarzan justice? For the life of me I can't figure this out. Filmmakers have TONS of choice written material with which to draw from. And yet, for this latest film, 3 or 4 screen writers cannot get it right. All it takes is one to screw it all up. This one took several.    I hope SOMEONE with some true vision can take this poor new Conan actor and give him a much better Conan script and director - and make Conan the Barbarian the RIGHT way! Don't need an origin story. THAT has already been done. Like Batman and Superman. Leave it alone. Just pick up from the origin and get these heros to bigger and better adventures! STICK with the source material.    I guess poor Tarzan, like Conan the barbarian, will be done half-assed until SOMEONE with half a brain can see that they have a wealth of source material from which to do a TRULY spectacular Tarzan or Conan film. Especially Tarzan. No one has made him nearly as good as Edgar Rice Burroughs wrote and imagined him. Not a savage knuckle-dragger who grunts, but a very intelligent being that can walk and kill on BOTH sides of the human evolution tracks.    God, how I wish someone like James Cameron, Peter Jackson, or Guillermo del Toro would direct one of these movies! Someone with VISION!
B000JJSRNY|5.0|Gave it as a birthday gift and everyone that visits has to sit and watch and they sit mesmerized and ready to buy a copy!
1613820518|5.0|\\"Christmas won't be Christmas without any presents.\\"<br /><br />Everyone is no doubt familiar this opening line. It comes from Little Women, the beloved classic of the four young March girls. Meet sixteen-year-old Meg, the plump and matronly oldest sister; Jo, the awkward and rambunctious tomboy; Amy, the spoiled and artistic blond; and Beth, the quiet and reserved youngest sister. With their father away at war, the girls grow up under the watchful eye of Marmee.<br /><br />Of course, the March family is not perfect, which is why we love them. Meg succumbs to vanity a party when she borrows a dress that is far too stiff with a train that is far too long. She also fears during dances that her earrings will fall off. Jo refuses to forgive her sister Amy for an act of vengeance, until a skating disaster reunites them. Amy receives the strap at school for ignoring a rule about candy. And Beth loses a beloved bird during a disastrous week when the girls experiment with idleness. Even the one who most often instills moral guidance, Mrs. March, admits that it's taken her over forty years to only partially cure her anger.<br /><br />While the entire family is creative, Jo is the writer amongst them. This is my main reason for liking her best. We're both always reading. Jo likes to receive books as presents, is most attracted to homes where the owners have libraries, and typically cites examples from literature to prove her points. We're also both always writing. Jo writes plays and contributes news to the family newsletter. She loves sharing stories about what happens in her life. I also most identify with her habit of getting herself into scrapes.<br /><br />Despite the absence of their father, the family is close knit. The Marches sing together. They help the needy, even to the point of giving up their Christmas breakfast to help a starving family. Not being rich themselves, they produce their own plays and a family newspaper for entertainment. Under the moral direction of their mother, they also learn many life lessons. I embraced many of the principles myself such as refusing to let the sun go down on my anger. Little Women continues to be one of my favorite girl books.many life lessons. I embraced many of the principles myself such as refusing to let the sun go down on my anger. Little Women continues to be one of my favorite girl books.
B003L77GRO|2.0|I saw the first season of Dexter and could not wait to buy the rest. Once I watch them I pre-ordered Season 5 and kept checking to see if a date had been releases. This season doesn't even  begin to measure up to the first four seasons.  I just finished watching the second disk and I just can't believe how weak the story line is. It's very predictable.  Hopefully disk 3 and 4 is better.  Based off disk 1 and 2 I already know who Dexter's final victim will be.  I hope I am wrong but I don't think I am. It's a good thing it's cheap.    Update 20 AUG: I finished the series last night and it did end exactly like I thought it would. The whole show was predictable. I could walk away for 5 minutes or so and come back and never feel like I missed something. I never had that urge to back it up because something happened I wasn't expecting. Even if the actress was different I don't think it would have helped. The story line was just very slow and predictable.
B000SEIK2S|4.0|If you're craving a balanced diet of space opera, military sci-fi and alien romance, this is for you.  It isn't The Forever War, or The Vor Game or Avatar but has enough of each flavor to make for an enjoyable read.  Nothing really jumped out at me (except, perhaps his odd relationship with \\"Jane\\") but each page had me flipping expectantly to the next.
B0055SWM08|4.0|4 Stars, haven&apos;t seen many games I would rate as perfect :) Excellent and entertaining. Usually not my sort of game but this one has held my attention. Keep up the good work and add many more levels please!
B0041KKYGU|5.0|This movie was HYSTERICAL!!! Cameron was super funny and I would NEVER view it as anything remotely close to reality. It had me laughing and that's all that matters!! Love her! If you have a face and body like hers, why not use it! I am SOOOO buying this DVD!!!
B003Z2LAAO|5.0|this is a verly good 3d movie. i really like the way the bubbles come way out of the tv and into the room. beautiful scenery and water splashes at you. i watched this many times and will continue to watch it. i do recommend this in 3d
B004YEJGEO|5.0|simple concept but the puzzles are very fun. some of them are quite easy others took me a long time to figure out. great game to pull out when I only have a few minutes. I hope to see a sequel.
B001F12J48|2.0|i do not like this 3d. nothing comes out at you. i thought it was the one that took special 3d tv and glasses but came with the cardboard ones. i am disappointed and do not recommend this version.maybe the other one is better but i do not know. to me it was a boring movie.
B004SCN2F6|5.0|Quite addictive. Many different factions &amp; difficulty levels to choose from.  The elite version is the way to go. I&apos;m cheap and rarely pay for games but I&apos;m glad I upgraded to the elite version. Much more space to explore. great replayability. this game would be truly great if they had included a storyline and some characters.
068484267X|5.0|I absolutely loved this book! It was hysterical at times! I really enjoyed the comedy, but what hit me the most was the sadness that underpinned the plot. This book was a wonderful read that opened my eyes on issues such as alcoholism and poverty, especially for immigrants such as myself. I would recommend this book any day, especially if it were for simple ludic reading.
B004PVKFR8|5.0|\\"Sail\\" caught my attention initially, but after just one listen, I reallized what a great band. Not a single person I have turned on to this band has not liked them. Hurry up and buy this while supplise last;)
0307887960|4.0|This book and diet method are certainly easy to swallow. It works great when you stay on the plan and works well even if you stray a little when out of town guests arrive. You can jump back on smoothly. Though the diet is mostly protein with some veg for the first 2 steps, it's dreamy that tofu and nonfat dairy are also allowed. I am now madly in love with nonfat Greek yogurt. The recipes in the back are decent and give you great ideas for making your own way in the kitchen.<br /><br />I thought it was a little quacky when the doc suggests taking a 2 minute cold shower to burn extra calories. I'm sure it works, but I can't see doing it in the middle of winter.<br /><br />Overall--easy to read and follow and it works. In 4 weeks I've lost about 12 pounds with very little suffering. It will be easy to continue onward.
1402238843|4.0|Venetia is a beauty but her more important qualities are her intelligence, wit and confidence.  She has remained home, living a rather reclusive and bookish country lifestyle, to watch over her sickly younger brother.  She doesn't feel that she can leave for a season in town or a life of her own until their elder brother returns from the war to take over the household responsibilities.  Venetia does have two local suitors who are enthralled with her beauty.  One is an infatuated young man who is several years younger. The other is a serious neighbor who would make a respectable, if not exciting, husband.  Neither her relatives or suitors recognize the spirited young woman just waiting to be allowed some independence away from home.<br /><br />Unexpectedly Venetia encounters another neighbor, the dangerous rake, Lord Damerel.  There have been many rumors about his dissolute and scandalous past but Venetia always looks for the good in people. The cynical Damerel is immediately enchanted by the natural warmth and spirit he sees in Venetia.  She is charmed by his willingness to challenge her wit and spirit. They share literary interests and enjoy bantering as they toss quotes back and forth.<br /><br />Despite objections from the community a close friendship develops between Damerel and Venetia.  Damerel knows that he doesn't deserve such an innocent beauty; she is much too special for a tainted character like himself.  Damerel is determined not to hurt Venetia's reputation but in charming her he hurts her heart.  Venetia sees that Damerel cares for her but he will only treat it as a passing idle.  How can she convince him that she doesn't care about his past or the scandal if only she can be with him?<br /><br />Damerel is a deliciously wicked hero with a cynical view of life.  It is enjoyable to watch as he falls in love with the sweet heroine who is determined to catch the man she wants. Although this may be a predicable relationship - the rake and the innocent - it is charmingly handled with a few twists to add interest.ith a few twists to add interest.
B0028RXXFC|4.0|Rome is fantastic.  Unfortunatley this item is not the fancy case with both seasons you see in the description.  Instead you get the old season one and two in the plastic case's within a cheap paper sleeve.
B003NHRGSQ|5.0|This is such a great love story! The 1 and ONLY thing I can say I didn't enjoy about this story was that I don't really prefer werewolves when it comes to supernatural creatures, Id much rather read about vampires (I know, how cliche!), but other then that I was sooo in love! I don't really wanna say too much about it in fear of giving away spoilers, but it just contiues the story of Sam and Grace of course and, instead of just hearing Sam and Grace, it's also told from Isabel and Cole's point of view. Another thing I didn't particularly like was the fact that at the beginning they didn't really explain who Cole was. Which was a little frustrating. And I didn't like it as much as Shiver but I don't think that's the authors fault as much as me just always prefering the first story.<br /><br />Overall I highly recommend it. I think if you enjoyed Shiver, you'll definetly enjoy this. I also recommend reading Shiver first.
B0055PMUSU|5.0|This is a wonderful family movie.  Awesome photography and many life-lessons to be learned along the way. Watch for updates at the end, as the credits are rolling.
B002JH3TW8|5.0|very pleased with the adapter which allows me to use my firewire compact flash reader with my new MacBook Pro.
B0034G4ORC|5.0|The package arrived in less that one standard week and the disk was immiculate and the viewing was blazing!!!  I have viewed the show two times since receiving it and have found new things in the background and some spoken dialog which give more insite into the overall experience!!!!!    David.
B004O7EVLY|4.0|Iam dumbfouned i didnt see the led zepplin black sabbath comparrison but did find a verry good stoner cd.From hisinger blues to the siren this is a good cd.This band material is catchy and played very well.The singer voice is good and the rythm section plays well.I hope this rweview was helpfull to you
B004HO6HWA|5.0|The package arrived in less than one standard week and the viewing was impeckable!!!  The disk was immaculate and the viewing was superb!!!    David.
B000GKW4HG|5.0|These Papo dinosaurs are by far the best dinosaur toy/sculpts I've ever bought. I'm an artist by trade and the quality of each toy blows me away. Very detailed sculpts, wrinkles, scales and skin stretching are all visible. The paint job is always extremely well done. It seems to be a combination of ink wash, dry brush and airbrushing where needed. The small scale detail really pops when given this paint treatment. The toys are made of a very durable plastic, but you might not want to be rough with them because there are some very thin areas on a few dinos. Arms and fingers of the theropods could break off. Hasn't happened to any of mine yet and my kids play with them, but not harshly.<br /><br />I'm going to be duplicating this review for all of the papo dinos that look really good.
1440419043|4.0|This book is great and I love Jane Austen, only the letters were too small, in fact I took the time to campare with other books and no one had so little letters. Even if you don't need tp wear glasses I think they could be larger to make the reader comfortable.
B000GL1BHO|5.0|These Papo dinosaurs are by far the best dinosaur toy/sculpts I've ever bought. I'm an artist by trade and the quality of each toy blows me away. Very detailed sculpts, wrinkles, scales and skin stretching are all visible. The paint job is always extremely well done. It seems to be a combination of ink wash, dry brush and airbrushing where needed. The small scale detail really pops when given this paint treatment. The toys are made of a very durable plastic, but you might not want to be rough with them because there are some very thin areas on a few dinos. Arms and fingers of the theropods could break off. Hasn't happened to any of mine yet and my kids play with them, but not harshly.<br /><br />I'm going to be duplicating this review for all of the papo dinos that look really good.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|Loved this movie so much I had to own it!! I got it in great condition like i always do from amazon and I watch it often!
B0014YPEI4|5.0|These Papo dinosaurs are by far the best dinosaur toy/sculpts I've ever bought. I'm an artist by trade and the quality of each toy blows me away. Very detailed sculpts, wrinkles, scales and skin stretching are all visible. The paint job is always extremely well done. It seems to be a combination of ink wash, dry brush and airbrushing where needed. The small scale detail really pops when given this paint treatment. The toys are made of a very durable plastic, but you might not want to be rough with them because there are some very thin areas on a few dinos. Arms and fingers of the theropods could break off. Hasn't happened to any of mine yet and my kids play with them, but not harshly.    I'm going to be duplicating this review for all of the papo dinos that look really good.
1933952806|5.0|Thank you Darrell for making the very complex D7000 understandable for an amateur photographer who is desiring to get better.
B0036MDNN0|5.0|These Papo dinosaurs are by far the best dinosaur toy/sculpts I've ever bought. I'm an artist by trade and the quality of each toy blows me away. Very detailed sculpts, wrinkles, scales and skin stretching are all visible. The paint job is always extremely well done. It seems to be a combination of ink wash, dry brush and airbrushing where needed. The small scale detail really pops when given this paint treatment. The toys are made of a very durable plastic, but you might not want to be rough with them because there are some very thin areas on a few dinos. Arms and fingers of the theropods could break off. Hasn't happened to any of mine yet and my kids play with them, but not harshly.    I'm going to be duplicating this review for all of the papo dinos that look really good.
B0050PYNP8|1.0|...Cause it's one big turkey..!..Only thing missing is Will Ferrell & Paulie Shore as hitch-hikers..! Brits ya ain't been funny since the 70's..! (and that was T.V...!)
B000GKW4I0|5.0|These Papo dinosaurs are by far the best dinosaur toy/sculpts I've ever bought. I'm an artist by trade and the quality of each toy blows me away. Very detailed sculpts, wrinkles, scales and skin stretching are all visible. The paint job is always extremely well done. It seems to be a combination of ink wash, dry brush and airbrushing where needed. The small scale detail really pops when given this paint treatment. The toys are made of a very durable plastic, but you might not want to be rough with them because there are some very thin areas on a few dinos. Arms and fingers of the theropods could break off. Hasn't happened to any of mine yet and my kids play with them, but not harshly.    I'm going to be duplicating this review for all of the papo dinos that look really good.
B0032CVAQQ|2.0|Ok book, but not enough scriptural reference...Marriage will not be successful unless you do it according to the holy scriptures...Marriage was created by God and should be done his way. The book also lacks information pertaining to how couples should treat other according to scripture so that we can love each other with God's love
B0046ZG2VG|4.0|There is no doubt that these cartridges are awesome, almost limitless details to charge with exposure and temp. Definitely different from the original polaroid cartridges, but still a great product in their own right. I just wish they were less expensive, as the cost to experiment with them to find out what works for you is pretty steep.
B000QCS8TW|2.0|After seeing all the 5 star ratings for this book I was really excited to read it.  However, it was a HUGE disappointment.  While the story line is intriguing and the basis for the book is well thought out, the writing has to many issues.  First, the number of characters the book is written through is WAY to many.  I think there are 9 points of view (Eddard, Robb, Catelyn, Jon, Bran, Sansa, Arya, Deaneyes, Tyrion ect). It is hard to like/identify with one character and become involved in their story.  I know that all the stories are intertwined but come on, there are big gaps and the story line because the author jumps around from person to person.  I think he tried to give to many points of view and too many first person characters.  Then there is the ending.  ARE YOU SERIOUS?  I understand that the book is a series, but try to end each book with some closure.  I felt like this guy just stopped writing because he was tired and wanted to start a new book.  I dont like it when an author makes you a slave to the series just because they leave it all hanging in the end.  He should make you want to read the series because you love/identify with the characters.  I wouldnt recommend this book or series to anyone.  Sorry.
B0034G4ORC|4.0|So I was one of those victims of confusing \\"Battle of Los Angeles\\" for this version.    First let me say that the FTC should bury the people that made \\"Battle of Los Angeles\\", it's an obvious rip off on the confusion on the Title and is no where near the quality of this Movie.    I'll make this short and sweet after having endured the aforementioned mess:    Battle: Los Angeles is a good movie - I'd give 4 1/2 Stars.  I take off half a Star because I'm sure there could have been some minor improvement on it, but I can't define what that is - the Movie's that good.    Entertaining, Challenging, and an overall entertaining Movie.
0439023521|4.0|I really enjoyed this, as a female, to read a book with a strong female protagonist. I found Katniss a likable character. I also love dystopian/future-set stories like this. The premise of this book might have been done elsewhere, but I enjoyed this presentation. The semi-love triangle is not nearly as annoying as the b.s. in the Twilight books. I found it thoroughly enjoyable. Not quite on the same level as fiction like Harry Potter, but miles above Twilight. I also read the rest of the series, but the first book is, by far the best of the three (IMHO). Plus as a side note, as graphic designer I have to give kudos on the nice cover design.
B004TTMYQG|5.0|This calendar is really a great way to keep your events straight! I saw an earlier review that said the app needs a bi weekly repeat, it has one! My work schedule is a bi weekly schedule and the calendar keeps it synced perfectly.
B003Y5H556|5.0|The dialogue isn't the best, but the relationship between Valerie and Peter is fantastic.  The chemistry was perfect and the story line was great.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Ordered the first half to review before going and seeing the 2nd half.  Very glad we did.  It helped get us in the mindset. Unfortunately I send it back to NetFlix in error and will have to purchase it again.  And that I will certainly do.
B00007GZR5|5.0|I saw this movie the first time after my beloved mom passed away and it gave me new hope that one day we might be together again. I know, that it's a \\"dream\\" only, but an uplifting, inspirational and happy dream. I lent the DVD to many of my friends and all of them loved the movie. Unfortunately the last time I lent it out - it didn't come back! Luckily I could find it at Amazon again. Thanks guys, I appreciate it !
B004IQMXD4|4.0|What can I say about Stevie that hasn't already been said?  I don't think there is a single song on this whole album that I don't like!  I do wish Secret Love - or any song from this album - was getting more air time though.<br /><br />My two favorites are Secret Love and New Orleans.  How great for Stevie to mention Anne Rice in the song even though Anne doesn't live in N.O. anymore. The first time I heard it I immediately went to Anne's FB page to see what she thought about it.  She was honored and said the song brought back a lot of memories for her.<br /><br />Stevie's vocals always shine.  My only real disappointment here was the lyrics - not all the time either. Some of the songs, like Soldier's Angel, just sound like back porch made-up-on-the-spot songs with forced and repetitive rhymes, definitely B side songs that just take up space and are easy to skip over.  And I swear ghosts are mentioned in almost every song on the album!!  Not to mention Vampires in #5 and #6.  Lots of mystical stuff for us Stevie lovers and ghost believers, but it gets redundant after a while.<br /><br />Overall, great album though and just glad to see and hear Stevie still churning them out and giving us great music we can sing and dance to.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|Like many others, I discovered this series with the talk of the HBO series. I hesitated to read it because reading the Harry Potter series sort of ruined the movies for me. So I bought it and was going to wait until I watched the first season. After 2 episodes, I weakened. Fantasy is not a favorite genre, and I don't read it often. I was blown away by both the TV series and the book. That doesn't happen much. I love stories from multiple POVs. The characters were well developed. I have to say the Martin is a little long winded. Excellent prose or not, it shouldn't take 10 pages to write that Arya chased a cat into the dungeon before overhearing a conversation about her father.<br /><br />That said, I thorough enjoyed this books and bought the next 4. I just couldn't put my Kindle down and read it in a week. Dany and Tyrion instantly became my favorite characters. It broke my heart when he killed of Khal Drogo. I know killing main characters is on of Martin's signature moves, but I think he missed an opportunity to keep him around a bit longer. Oh well. I loved it anyway.<br /><br />PS. I have been reading A Clash of Kings for the last month. I will give that a formal review when done, but it's not as good as Game of Thrones.
B003M8LL6E|5.0|This is more than you could ask for in a finale (The five year arc finale, in this case.)  If you are close with your siblings then you really feel this ending.
0553801473|5.0|I thought [[ASIN:B000FCKGPC A Feast for Crows: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Four (Martin, George Rr)]] was somewhat disappointing. And, after making fans wait so long for book five, I was concerned that Martin was losing steam. I am so happy to have been wrong. This book was my favorite in the series so far.<br /><br />I couldn't disagree more with the reviewers who complain that Martin spent too long building up to things that never happened. I thought that Martin did an incredible job of building suspense in this book. Some of the story lines had great climaxes in this book; others are set up perfectly for a hugely eventful book six.<br /><br />I was also very impressed by Martin's ability to introduce new characters and plot lines that quickly drew me in. In the earlier books, I frequently found that some chapters were much more engaging than others. But in A Dance with Dragons, I never had that feeling of wanting to get through a chapter so that I could get to a more interesting one.<br /><br />I will admit that Tyrion's story (which was always one of my favorites in the other books) is a bit disappointing in this one. At first, I was also a bit let down by Daenerys's story, but as I kept reading I realized that the earlier chapters were the perfect setup for the end of the book.<br /><br />I don't think I've ever felt as engaged in a story as I was reading this book. I felt sad to have finished it, and I cannot wait for book six.
B004I2K4E8|5.0|I bought this CD because I love the music, but I was not prepared for the superb staging of this concert version. This is a concert version that is better than a standard production. Every lead character is an excellent singer with acting ability to match, and the chorus and orchestra are resoundingly strong. The special addition of the cast reunion, with the four \\"Jean Valjeans\\" singing \\"Bring Him Home\\", had me sobbing. I don't think I will ever tire of watching this.
1401922732|5.0|What a great purchase! Exactly what I was looking for. After I spent some time reading the book and asked my angels to bless all of the cards I let them give their first message to my mom. I have never done this before myself but I wasn't nervous. I asked that my angels always keep my ego in check and remind me that this is a tool for them to get their message across. My mom and I couldn't believe how accurate the cards were. No matter how much I shuffled them up they were always right on for the question that was asked. I use them every day to get my message for the day and when the day gets long or stressful I just think about that message and thank my angels for always having the right words for the day.<br /><br />Overall a great set for beginners to get to know their angels and gain confidence in what they do. I would definitely recommend these. I love that they have a clear cut meaning and there is a prayer that can be recited. You can also develop your intuition and relationship with your angels by paying attention to the pictures on each card and what stands out to you or what things symbolize. Have fun and think positive!
B00447G2MK|5.0|i like this one just as much as i loved homesick. there were some great songs on this one, and i loved each and every one of them. if you love adtr, this is an absolute must have.
B004UID2LC|3.0|Love this program. The only complaint I have is if I have a bad signal or none at all the program constantly tries to update and I can&apos;t get to my downloaded videos.
0553801473|3.0|The other commenters giving 2-4 stars have already covered most of the weaknesses of this book. I share their opinion: this is a mediocre book, that was reasonably fun, but often felt like drudgery. It is still better than most of the other fantasy on the market, but it is like a shade of the first 3 (and even 4) books in the series. It feels old and tired. I was hoping for much more, given the time that it took to write this book.<br /><br />The main problems:<br />1. most of the main, interesting characters that we cared about, are dead. I don't care to read about Bolton's frolicking in the north.<br /><br />2. those that die, die in contrived ways that are a far cry from the deaths of first 3 books, which actually touched you<br /><br />3. those that don't die are often stuck in pointless cliffhangers (the axe went came down and everything went black... then he began to scream... he didn't feel the fourth knife... he felt himself drowning... OMG enough of this already!).<br /><br />4. the characters that remain begin to act like fools and extremely indecisively. New characters are introduced, but they are either not interesting or they are interesting but meet hideous, pointless ends (see first point). I liked Barristan Selmy a lot, but he can't carry the book on his own. Some old characters get chapters again that don't lead anywhere (Melissandre, Victarion, Davos, Jaime), although Arya, Cersei and Bran were good.<br /><br />5. nothing really happens. The pace slows down a lot, and I mean A LOT. Characters spend much more time in their private dreams, fantasies and echoes than before. Most of the old plots or new ones are not resolved at all. Characters end up separated for no reason. That is starting to remind me of Robert Jordan.<br /><br />6. the style is still very good, but some weird quirks (serjeant?) and the overuse of sayings (\\"words are wind... 40 times? You know nothing, Jon Snow, every chapter?) are working hard on ruining it. There are still a lot of awesome moments and some good conversations, particularly at cyvasse (\\"never trust anyone\\", loved that)<br /><br />7. dragons, the topic of the book, end up disappointing. Making them uncontrollable beasts (even to Dany) that need to remain off-screen is maybe realistic, but it's not satisfying at all. Daenerys herself, while doing all sorts of trivial stuff,  thinks once about how Daario wouldn't like her if she weren't the dragon queen. Well, guess what? So do the readers.<br /><br />Pro: while I didn't like Reek at first, he turned out to be quite interesting. Still, he was like Jack Sparrow in Pirates 4 - a lone star trying to stop the ship from sinking.<br /><br />George R.R. Martin has stated that he doesn't care about amazon reviews. But not caring does not change the reality - that this series's quality has dropped drastically. I really wish it wasn't so, as I expected to give this book 5 stars and ended up with 3. I guess we could call it \\"jumping the dragon\\".<br />I am not sure if I will buy the next book at all, although the TV series (which will certainly advance a lot by the time the next book is done) might give me the needed spurt of inspiration.
0895260131|1.0|When Jesus was set before the Jews to be judged for his 'crimes' against the true criminal, 'Barabas', the Jews chose Jesus to be crucified...Pontius Pilate asked 3 times, 'what has this man done to you to deserve death', their response was unanimous...Jesus was a threat...<br /><br />Considering that the people who voted for Jesus to be crucified were the exact same people, thousands of them, who saw and witnessed his miracles, yet, due to the propaganda and whisperings of the Rabbis, Jesus, the Messiah, was strung up on the cross by the same people he had come to save and absolve...Why? Because lies were spoken about Jesus the Messiah which the ignorant came to believe...<br /><br />When Goebbels made the movie, \\"Der Ewige Jude\\" (The Eternal Jew), all he did was take footage of Jewish everyday life and twist it and distort it to a point where the ignorant believed everything that was told to them about the Jews...As a result of this propaganda and lies, a lot of people lost their lives, for no other reason that one man's hatred became so infectious that it blinded an entire nation to do deeds which no moral or ethical human being can envision...<br /><br />Robert Spencer is to Muslims what the Rabbis were to Jesus and what Goebbels was to the Jews...A man filled with hatred who uses lies, fabrications, distortions and twisted logic to portray to his readers in academic fashion his own hatred for Muslims...<br /><br />Although in literate and academic circles, his supposed 'knowledge' and 'research' into Islam has been refuted, discarded and rejected, we all know that the world is not made up of mostly educated and literate people...It is made up of the Hoi Polloi, the average Joe, the butcher, the baker and the candlestickmaker and you can hardly expect such regular people to hold knowledge of other people's theological beliefs...<br /><br />In fact, if you were to read the reviews given by those who have given this book rave reviews, you can realize the depth of their own knowledge of Islam if you have a basic understanding of this faith...<br /><br />Discerning, literate and educated people avoid people like Robert Spencer and his polemicist ilk like they would Goebbels or Himmler...And they would agree that the world would have been a greater and richer place were it not for the existence of hate mongers like Goebbels...<br /><br />It takes some knowledge and a little wisdom to discern and sift hatred from true knowledge and education...And Robert Spencer's and the people of his ilk's ill and hate-filled knowledge makes such discernment easy merely by looking at who is getting what out of it...<br /><br />Robert Spencer is riding high on the Islamophobic cottage industry...And the only way to fight such ignorance is through simple education and knowledge...<br /><br />To learn about the history and background of the Jews, one does not watch Der Ewige Jude, read the Protocols or read Mein Kampf...They consult proper venues of knowledge and education...<br /><br />In order to learn about Islam and Muslims, one does not consult the likes of Robert Spencer and his ilk...<br /><br />Hate from the likes of Goebbels and Spencer is infectious, but only to the uneducated, illiterate and ignorant mind...The educated and literate see him for who he really is...a basic understanding of this faith...    Discerning, literate and educated people avoid people like Robert Spencer and his polemicist ilk like they would Goebbels or Himmler...And they would agree that the world would have been a greater and richer place were it not for the existence of hate mongers like Goebbels...    It takes some knowledge and a little wisdom to discern and sift hatred from true knowledge and education...And Robert Spencer's and the people of his ilk's ill and hate-filled knowledge makes such discernment easy merely by looking at who is getting what out of it...    Robert Spencer is riding high on the Islamophobic cottage industry...And the only way to fight such ignorance is through simple education and knowledge...    To learn about the history and background of the Jews, one does not watch Der Ewige Jude, read the Protocols or read Mein Kampf...They consult proper venues of knowledge and education...    In order to learn about Islam and Muslims, one does not consult the likes of Robert Spencer and his ilk...    Hate from the likes of Goebbels and Spencer is infectious, but only to the uneducated, illiterate and ignorant mind...The educated and literate see him for who he really is...
B0055CJ8T2|4.0|I really enjoy listening to this c.d. She is so confident in her own skin. This record is extemely seductive and sexy, and she does it with ease. What I appreciate most is that I don't have to skip any songs, that's such a plus! I bought the deluxe edition, and love each song. My favorites are Between us, All of the night, I'm dat chick (fun song), Commander (still rocks), lay it on me, heaven n earth, and work it man. I'm very proud of this outing,it won't change the world, but Kelly is really coming into her own and I like it!
B0002IQOZA|5.0|I like this album. I'd have to say These Are The Special Times is my favorite song, its just lovely the song and how she sings it. ^^
0439023483|5.0|I knocked this book out in two days. Excellent, captivating story (and I'm 37). Loved the suspense, the imagery, the twists...impossible to put down!
B004XWMXW4|5.0|Amazing and refreshing, great music and musicians.  Inspiring to see 2 friends make it in such an amazing fashion[[ASIN:B004XWMXW4 2Cellos]]
B000002GVO|5.0|Arrived on time, and in great shape!  Loved the eight track, now I love the cd!  Amazon comes through again!
B004XGWPXC|5.0|The book came really quickly and was in great shape, thank you. I am enjoying the book and I hope I finish it before the movie comes out.
B004GUSG4M|5.0|Awesome book. Make sure you have time to finish this one cause once you start it you will not put it down. I ended up reading it all day cause it was so good I could not stop. Definitely had some unexpected twists and turns. I don't want to spoil it for anyone but it's a definite must read.
B004EPYZUI|5.0|I can only tell you that I enjoyed this movie. Mainly the twists and action sequences kept most of my friends attention. I like that this is a view of a world through the main characters eyes. Although I think it could have been more intimate to keep the story complete, but they were trying to appeal the masses and had to cut out some explicit scenes. This opinion was based on only after watching both the original release and the extended release. Although the extended release brought more light to the movie's story, I feel it could have been more. If you are questionable about buying, rent it first. I loved it, my roommates hated it.
0345529057|5.0|This item was shipped exactly as described. It arrived very fast. I am super please with this seller and product.
B002ZG9968|4.0|I have to start out by saying that generally, I am not a person who watches romantic comedies. However, now that I'm purposely taking on movies made by the stars of 'Hawaii Five-0' so I can review them for \\"Hawaii Five-0 Online,\\" I've begun watching lots of movies I may have steered clear of six months ago.<br /><br />Having said that, I'm seriously beginning to wonder if there are other gems I've been missing considering I avoid certain genres like the plague. I've seen The Back-up Plan twice now, and as a whole, the movie is hysterically funny and heartfelt, with endearing performances by Alex O'Loughlin (Stan) and Jennifer Lopez (Zoe). And you've just got to love Zoe's dog.<br /><br />After having watched Mr. O'Loughlin for an entire season of a show where he plays nothing short of a bad-ass guy, albeit with a warmth that bleeds through in even his most butt-kicking moments, it was refreshing to see him in a looser comedic role. The chemistry between him and Ms. Lopez is palpable, and his smiles light up the screen right next to hers.<br /><br />The story itself, and indeed the movie, were absolute perfection...until it hit a certain point, when it kind of fell apart for me. Now, because this isn't your standard movie review - but instead is my gut reaction to the movie itself - the following is a bit unusual for me. But to say I was disappointed at what had so much potential as a pivotal scene later on in the movie is an understatement. I'm going to warn you, the following contains **SPOILERS** so if you don't want to know about the major conflict from the third act of the movie, don't read the next two paragraphs, which are surrounded by **!<br /><br />**Right after the giving-birth scene in which Zoe faceplants into the small pool and Stan is so completely shell-shocked he can barely form a coherent sentence, is the scene that did it in for me. What happened was that in a movie that was so cleverly crafted up to that point, we were suddenly thrown one of those embarrassing sitcom misunderstanding moments that not only threw me completely out of a movie I had spent the better part of the evening growing to love, but seemed so awfully contrived and out-of-place that it actually made my gut twist.**<br /><br />**I'm talking about the moment when Zoe decides that because Stan told \\"Muffin Girl\\" that the babies weren't his, it means he doesn't want to be with her or them, and will leave her at some point using that as his excuse. I have to wonder why the director went with that, because as a writer, I can think of at least half a dozen ways the same scene could have gone without Zoe blowing something out of proportion the way you might find a sitcom character doing. In a sitcom, it's fast and funny and (in many cases) deliberately obtuse. In a movie that to this point was such a high-caliber piece of work, it pulled the rug out from under me and made it difficult for me to continue watching...both times.**<br /><br />Okay, enough spoilers! Once I forced myself past the point mentioned in the paragraphs above, I managed to enjoy the rest of the movie, for the most part...except the parts which referenced the above incident. Linda Lavin was glorious as Zoe's grandmother, and we even got Tom Bosley thrown in for good measure! They were absolutely adorable as a couple.<br /><br />I would have given this movie hands-down rave reviews up one side and down the other with the full amount of stars I could give if it hadn't been for my point mentioned above. But still and all? You definitely should see this movie. Lopez and O'Loughlin are brilliant together. They are both incredible actors with lots of talent and a gift for making you love their characters.<br /><br />And for those of you who are die-hard 'Five-0' fans, there's nothing better than seeing the man you watch on TV every week doing something different. O'Loughlin fans the world `round, who've followed him for his entire career, will tell you, \\"Eh, we always knew he was that talented.\\" For those of you who don't yet know, buy this movie and find out for yourselves.and find out for yourselves.
030788743X|5.0|I can't rave enough about this book. The world-building, the very plausible future constructed, the characters - all of it, all of it was awesome and great and wonderful! I seriously could not find any flaws whatsoever with this book. So let's delve into why this is one of my best of 2011, shall we?    Where to start? I love the detailed construction of this Steve Jobs/Bill Gates god-like figure, Halliday - even though he only makes his presence known in the book through his death, through various \\"biographies\\" and through his OASIS avatar, he felt like a very real, palpable person. The alternate history created by the author detailing the creation of the OASIS system was also very realistic, a sense of what could have been had we chosen right instead of left, the path not taken.    And then there's the reality we're facing right now outside of the book in the real world - the Great Recession, where in the book, it's entering its fourth decade. It's a warning of what may come if we don't deal with some of the more pressing ideological and political issues, and how all of that will take its toll on not just the American people, but the world as a whole. The need for a place like the OASIS becomes more and more understandable as we read through this alternate history and into this alternate (though possible for us) future.    And finally, there is Wade himself, and the quintessential coming of age tale that's been taken to over the top levels in terms of the stakes of the character's evolution through the book. Wade goes through not just one search, but three: what does it mean to be human? What is reality? And what does living an alternate reality without humans around us do to us - do we remain human, do we become something else? All of these questions are raised throughout the book, and to a very satisfying (and one I won't spoil) end.    If you're a geek, I guarantee this is definitely a book for you. If not, you may have a harder time getting into it with all ofthe somewhat obscure (though explained by our hero) pop culture references. Either way, I urge you to give this one a read. I think you'll find that you too will become an OASIS addict, a gunter cheering Wade on to greatness.    (posted to librarything, goodreads, shelfari, and witchoftheatregoing.wordpress.com)
B001C4GS7C|4.0|I'll be honest this book has been sitting on my bookshelf for a very long time and I've not really been enthusiastic about reading it.  I've seen a few of the Grisham movies and while I know that I should never judge a book by the movie I just could not bring myself to read this book.<br />I finally read it and I'm happy to report that I loved it.  The characters were very well developed and the story was just captivating.  You could predict what was going to happen but the getting there was simply amazing.
1594744769|5.0|Circus freaks? Peculiar children? Wales? Family mysteries? Hello, perfect book. This is such an awesome debut, it's definitely on my best of 2011 list. While not being at the top of the list, it's still pretty high up there. Riggs did a fantastic job with this book, and I demand a sequel, like, yesterday. He creates a believable, comfortable world for the reader with fantastic elements and I hope that one day, we'll get to read more.    Everything in this was done well - a creepy beginning with a strong hook, and the pacing was great. There was no dragging and my interest was piqued with every chapter. This is what you want in a YA debut, most definitely, if you're going for a dash of everything - romance, adventure, sci-fi, contemporary, paranormal - all of it is in here, waiting to be mined out by the reader.    It's really refreshing to have a male protagonist and still have romance within the story, I have to say. There's so few of those stories out there, and girls dominate the protagonist/romance elements, there's no doubt about that. So getting to read about, getting to know, and befriend a male protagonist that's not only believable but almost surrealistic was a very pleasant experience. It wasn't too macho, it wasn't not-macho enough, but it was a very tangible tale about a teen whose life gets turned on its head (even if it is by paranormal means).    The family mystery was built up so nicely that when it finally came time for Jacob to take over, it felt like it was appropriately timed and even though so much of this story does take place in an (altered) past with different POVs, I was ready for it, and felt like that part of the story was complete and easily closed. Everything connected so nicely that it's hard that this is a first time book for Riggs.    The end of the story left me wanting more, and I hope there's a continuation to the story of the Peculiar Children. There's so much room for more story, and I love reading books like that - where it's open to the reader to muse where things really end. There's not enough of that in any genre today, especially not in YA books where there are so many series of everything now. So if this does end up being a one-off book, I'm okay with it, because I have room to imagine my own adventures with the Peculiar Children.    So if you want a book that's easily readable for both genders in the YA genre, or you just want a good ol' paranormal time, pick up \\"Miss Peregrine\\" ASAP. This is one purchase you won't regret.    (posted to goodreads, librarything, shelfari, and witchoftheatregoing.wordpress.com)
B004JN1D2I|5.0|I had just watched the entire first season of \\"Game of Thrones\\", and was dying to find out what happens next, which led me to download this set for Kindle. I did start off by reading the first novel (even after having just seen all of it happen) and was blown away. Martin, like Tolkien, manages to transport you into a complex world of his own creation and make you sad to leave it. The characters are rich and deep, and love them or hate them you can't help caring about them. Very hard to put down...if you like the show and are buying this set, go ahead and order Book 5 as well. You're going to be dying for answers once this set is finished.
0740797719|5.0|This is an amazing book for any artist.  Highly recommended !!!<br />The author explains many Color and Light examples with words and<br />pictures.  I've been amazed with the information...
B0050KEVO6|4.0|Alchemy is a very unconventional game app. Starting off with the 4 basic elements of Earth, Air, Fire and Water, you combine these and their resulting offspring to create a series of logical, funny, groan-inducing elements. The trouble with the app is that once you've made every possible element the program recognizes, the game is over. I couldn't help but feel that all the time and work put into it was for nothing. Hopefully the programmers update it with some creative new elements somewhere down the line to add replay value.
0439023491|4.0|Catching Fire picks up soon after the Hunger Games ended and right before the publicity tour for Games begins. Katniss and Peeta have survived the death arena but the road ahead is not clear for these two.<br /><br />Katniss is struggling to cope with the role of victor, the controversy of how she acquired her victory by pretending to love Peeta, and in defying the Capitol in a move that saved her and Peeta. Katniss and Peeta now live in the Victors Village with their families and have unwittingly become heroic symbols of defiance to the rest of the districts.<br /><br />Katniss is estranged from both her childhood friends. Peeta is very hurt about Katniss's pretending to love him to survive the Games and her relationship with Gale is distant as a result of her supposed love affair with Peeta.<br /><br />What Katniss is unaware of is that her defiant act has sparked a rebellion that puts her as the face of rebellion. She is reluctantly shoved into the spotlight as a hero to the other districts. But in a surprising twist of events, the Capital has a very special Hunger Games planned.<br /><br />In response to the rumors of rebellion that is caught fire due to Katniss and Peeta winning the Hunger Games out of defiance, the Capitol, and especially President Snow, is very unhappy the couple, so it's back to the arena for Katniss, Peeta, and all the other previous victors of the Hunger Games over the last seventy-five years.<br /><br />As much as a love this series, I'm so done with the reliance the love triangle plotline to further the plot. I generally feel that this tiresome devise is overused to create tension and never ends satisfactorily...one party always end up getting shortchanged or hurt.<br /><br />At least in this excellent trilogy, either of the two young men would be a good choice. Peeta is kind, considerate, sincere, and vulnerable. Gale is tough, steadfast, brave, and loyal as a friend, son and brother.<br /><br />Despite this one complaint, Catching Fire is an outstanding follow up to Hunger Games. Suzanne Collins knows how to capture and hold the reader's attention. Her writing is evenly-paced, action packed, emotional, and crisp. This was a powerful sequel.is an outstanding follow up to Hunger Games. Suzanne Collins knows how to capture and hold the reader's attention. Her writing is evenly-paced, action packed, emotional, and crisp. This was a powerful sequel.
B0050QV0RQ|4.0|If this game interests you, pick it up in the android market instead. Its only $2.99 there. 20 words ........
B000Q8QH0I|5.0|Titanic stole the Oscar from this film.  Watching it again today just confirms its brilliance.  Can't beat the price of this Blu-ray.  Surprisingly good set of special features not on previous DVD releases.
B0055SWM08|4.0|great brain teaser. needs more hints. definitely worth the ninety nine cents. can&apos;t wait for more updates. lots of hours wasted
B004XISI4A|3.0|Hint: The first word of chapter one (and every other chapter) is incorrectly formatted.<br /><br />The Kindle edition of A Dance With Dragons has 100s of grammatical/formatting errors, especially with dialogue, where quite often two characters will speak in the same paragraph, which is frustrating.<br /><br />\\"Sometimes Character One will speak here,\\" said Character One. \\"And Character one will continue here. Which is what you expect.\\"<br /><br />\\"Other times Character One will begin the paragraph,\\" said Character One. \\"But now Character Two is speaking. Which is not what you expect.\\"<br /><br />Hopefully they'll edit it properly and let us update our copies.
0525951652|5.0|Fall of Giants is a gripping story about WWI taking place between the years 1911-1925. It encompasses the hell of war on the field as well as the hell families live at home.  Ken Follett introduces his readers to many different families from America, England, Scotland, France, Germany, Austria, Russia, and Wales. The historical characters include presidents, kings and queens, earls and dukes, lords and ladies, and Fall of Giants, Book One of the Century Trilogy, by Ken Follett<br />dukes and duchesses.  Readers are able to experience the life of the famous as well as the life of the poor. We become privy to family secrets entangled in love/hate relationships.<br />There are many books written about WWI, so as a reviewer I don't think it's necessary to write about WWI facts. Having said that, readers need to remember this is a historical novel. We are at the mercy of the author as far as the accuracy of his research.  Keeping this in mind we can enjoy a wonderful story with engaging characters.<br />At times I found myself thinking politics hasn't changed. There was lying and cover ups during WWI and the same occurs in politics and government today. This is a well written historical novel and it makes reading and learning about WWI pleasant.<br />This is Ken Follett's first book in his trilogy. WWII seems a likely second book. I look forward to following the lives of the characters from Fall of Giants as they live through yet another World War.<br /><br />Book review by Mary Crocco<br />m.crocco@yahoo.com
B004XQO90O|1.0|1.  I have several concerns related to this movie.<br />  A:  First of all, I can't believe how many people gave this movie a favorable rating.  I'll just leave it at that.<br />  B:  Second of all, this movie suffers on several fundamental fronts.  The acting... well, it's just lame.  The portrayals were uniformly stiff and unconvincing.  It was just very boring watching these people act their roles.  And then... the story itself was convoluted / unrealistic / dumb etc...<br /><br />2.  Thus, when you have terrible acting and a more lame / convoluted plot line=a complete dud of a movie.<br /><br />3.  By the way, another piece of evidence that this movie is a complete dud:  it's on amazon prime streaming.  Look I love amazon and I'm a prime member, but there's a reason certain recent movies make it to prime streaming; ie no one is willing to pay to watch it etc...
B004VD3YIM|5.0|what cameras do I need to buy to use this app?  I would buy it if I knew more on the cameras. can I view the cameras when im not home?
B0055SWM08|5.0|One of the few apps i wasn&apos;t disappointed to buy.  Everything everyone said before me is true.  What a great game at a great price.  Worth every cent.
1451629184|5.0|the emothion i felt for this young girl is beyond anything i've ever felt, but more than that, her straight & hope & faith is more than i could believe of a 13 yr old girl. Best book i've read in many years, will be reading it again, it sure kept my attention.
B005BZQVJ8|3.0|I admit it: I laughed out loud a lot during this movie. However, it is really pretty light and corny. The characters are nice people, though, and the plot has some pretty original twists and turns.    (And the allusions to some other SciFi movies made me play those scenes over a couple of times.)
B000VFGQUC|5.0|Finally, there has been a visual document released that captures the prime golden era for Lizzy. The Lineup of Phil Lynott, Brian Robertson, Scott Gorham and Brian Downey is undoubtably the finest set of players assembled within the various eras and stages of the band's tenure. Obviously, the original live disc is legendary, but, to actually see the group alive at the Rainbow in London on film is really even more exciting and adds much more to the essential elements of what made this group so important within the confines of 70's hard rock. Phil Lynott is in top form here and it shows all of his qualities as the classic, important frontman and musician that he truly was. I only wish that they could have included a bit more material here, but, perhaps, the footage shot was either all that was done, or that what was left could be salvaged; either way, especially with the bonus features added, on top of the bonus live show taken from '75 at Derby College, this package is most satisfying to the hardcore Lizzy fan, indeed.     I especially enjoy the present-day interviews with Gorham, Robertson and Downey and the bonus material from the '83 performance at the Regal Theatre in Hitchin with John Sykes in the ranks. Although Lizzy were on their way out, Sykes' performance invigorates them and gives them a much needed boot in the rear!! The Top of the Pops footage is also, yet another wonderful plus to this collection and I like the feature of Eric Bell from the earliest days of the band(even though Whiskey in the Jar is mimed) and into Gary Moore's 3rd and final stint with them on Waiting for an Alibi. As most have already attested with their respective reviews on this set, this collection is something most of us Lizzy fans have been waiting for, and thank goodness it has finally seen the light of day. Absolutely essential. 5 stars
1451629184|5.0|I read this in a couple of days, I wasn't sure if I could handle reading the details of her horrible experience.  I thought it was very well written, I admire her courage to tell her story, unbelieveble what she had to endure and a good learning opportunity for anyone who reads it.  I highly recommend reading this book.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|So much better than the Android or HTC stock clocks. I love the option to have the alarm start quietly then gradually get louder. Great app.
B0018RWD1S|5.0|So thankful to have this. The loss of Amy and her heart and soul felt brilliance is an incredible loss to the world of music. She has joined the choir of angels no doubt.
1857885082|4.0|This book was very interesting to read, honestly I have not finished it yet but plan to.  I will be traveling to England very soon and this book offered some insight to a culture I am not yet but very excited to become familiar with.
0307474712|1.0|This story is bad.  It follows a famous story, Pride and Prejudice almost to the T.  Dexter is good looking and rich.  Emma is an ordinary woman.      Nichols uses words like \\"lark\\" and \\"minger\\" and the story is just not that great.  It's rom-com, you know the ending, it's a windy road there.
0670022411|4.0|I got hooked on this book by listening to the audio book on listening to satelitte radio in my car.  On the way to work the channel featured the audio book each morning and before you know it I was entranced. I could barely wait until the next morning to hear some more.  Listening was great, but I'm old fashioned and wanted to read without interuption so I went out and bought the book.      This was one of the most beautifully written stories that I've ever read. I wonderful love story between a witch and a vampire.  For those of you caught up on the Twilight saga(which I loathed), this is not for you.  For one, the author can actually write, and the story will take you to the depths of your imagination. I've read this story will be a trilogy.  I hope the next book is out soon, I can't wait to read more about these lively characters.
B0049D1TCM|1.0|Well, as other reviewers have stated this is not a hip-hop album. This is definitely a pop album, but that doesn't inherently make an album/artist bad. 'Pop' just connotes whatever music is popular at the time. Were The Beatles bad? What about Michael Jackson? There is such a thing as a well crafted pop album, but this just isn't it. \\"Pink Friday\\" is comprised of generic beats, grade school rhymes, terrible delivery, nonsensical collaborations, and suffers from gimmicky marketing and too much hype. The tracks I found tolerable included \\"Super Bass\\", \\"Catch Me\\", and \\"Your Love\\". That's three out of a staggering nineteen. I know everyone's taste is different, but this level of inanity is inexcusable. Picking fights with Lil Kim and Cher of all people...\\"If you could turn back time, Cher/you'd be there, but now you're gone, Nair\\". Not everyone can rhyme \\"Cher\\" with \\"Nair\\" or \\"pelican fly\\" with \\"tie\\"...ugh.<br /><br />Typically, I have no issue with mainstream music or artists provided they are actually talented. Nicky Minaj is sub-par even for a mainstream 'artist' and the less said about her the better. Additionally, everything she touches turns to crap and she ruins any track she's featured on; see Kanye West's \\"Monster\\" for proof...on second thought don't bother! If you want real music with emotional and intellectual depth check out Janelle Monae's \\"The ArchAndroid\\" and behold a masterpiece.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|All my favourite television shows suffered greatly from the Writer's Strike. Not here. Supernatural Season Three has some of the best episodes yet. The groundhog day episode, the lucky rabbit's foot, the witch coven. the sixteen episodes are more solid a season that most can do with a full 22 episode season. All in all, it is vastly superior when compared to the previous seasons.<br /><br />The producers included a bit more than the standard fare of special features, more to help fatten the DVD load. There was almost no need for this, given the character growth and the strength of the metaplot. We still have 5.1 audio tracks and the CGI is a heck of a lot better.<br /><br />The season ramps up with a finale that we've seen coming for a year. And in the end we are left wondering just how the hell this show can keep going. But in fact, it does. And it's storytelling at its best.
B00068C8CO|5.0|Highly recommend buying this item definately a must for Britany fans or anyone who appreciated her in the past. Don t miss it!
B0037KMHRY|5.0|It's funny: the score comes across (to my ears at least) as dull and repetitive when watching the movie, but as soon as I start blasting it from my home speakers, I never want the soundtrack to end. When I talk to friends about what they thought of the movie, invariably each and every one will remark positively about the music. That's something. The next inevitable question is: Did you know that was Daft Punk DJ'ing the End of Line Club? It gets people to watch the movie again.
1400052181|1.0|Henrietta Lacks' biological tissue was stolen for use in the multi billion, if not trillion, dollar cancer research and development industries worldwide. For sixty years, these unique and profitable cells known as HeLa cells from her code name Henrietta Lacks reaped massive revenue for the industry of ill health and the propagation thereof in allopathic (western medicine) treatments and remedies and procedures.  The business of cancer is a ruthless one conducted as one of the most prolific scams of all in the circles of medicine.  The research to develop synthetic contrives using HeLa tissue is ironically condoned as glorious and safe and the industry saluted with honors.      The family was never informed that they could have a vested financial interest in this epic money generating business and went penniless until 20 years after Henrietta's death did one member stumble into the truth.  Today, there has never been any equitable compensation given to the family and no recognition or admittance to theft been acknowledged.  Concealment was the primary goal.  Cancer is one of the simplest diseases to reverse and the truth to these natural treatments hugely suppressed by the AMA.  Anyone who presents a treatment that heals without injury other than chemical therapy, radiation bombardment, and surgery is seriously victimized and punished in the effort to keep the competition that is largely natural from destroying the cancer industry.  To compensate the Lack family with money is considered senseless by these unscrupulous self-serving vultures.       The book?  Well, the author either failed to investigate how the engine works or with epic ignorance did not research what is widely published about the business end of cancer. She never looked under the hood to see what the fundamental issue really was. Or, did she?  Was the author perhaps influenced away from the knowledge base of actual facts...?
1451629184|5.0|This is a true story from a woman who has overcome all odds. Jaycee is a survivor. God bless you Jaycee.
B004NJW96C|5.0|This audio cd is an excellent work from Moby as always, he express diferent kind of feelings. I recommend this album.
0062060554|4.0|This novel sucked me in from page 3. At first I thought \\"how can this be any good if she wakes up every morning not knowing anything?\\" Oh, I was pleasantly surprised. Every morning she wakes up, but every day is different as she begins to record each day in a journal. As she awakes every morning, she reads the journal that she has written and is able to catch up on her life from that point on.<br /><br />Every day a new part of her life is revealed, and soon, the mystery begins. How did she spend the last several years? Who is this man she is living with? What happened to her son? Who was her best friend that she keeps having spotty memories of? Working with her therapist, she is able to uncover many secrets that were meant to be buried. Finally, the biggest secret of all is revealed and her entire life unfolds.<br /><br />I couldn't put this book down, and I thought about it when I wasn't reading it. It was very intriguing, and the author, Watson, wrote each page with precision. The only thing I didn't care for was the ending. There were some loose ends I thought that needed tied up, but weren't. I can't give it away, because I hate spoilers, but I thought some parts of the ending were unbelievable. This is the only reason I gave this book 4 stars. If there would have been another chapter that answered some questions about why certain people did or didn't do what they did, it would have made me appreciate the ending.<br /><br />Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed this book. If you are looking for a thriller that can be downright eerie, then I say read it! It freaked me out at times, and that is one of the best things I enjoyed about it.
030788743X|5.0|Unfortunately I have not been able to to much \\"fun\\" reading just due to the sheer amount of things I had to read for college.  Now that I've graduated that has all changed.  This was the first book that I've read in probably two years for pleasure and it did not disappoint.  I ordered it, it came today, and I read it cover to cover after coming home from work.  I'll admit that I'm a pretty nerdy guy so nearly all of the pop-culture references in the book had me smiling or outright laughing.  Everything from Doctor Who to Star Trek to  Sesame Street fit neatly into the story and their presence didn't feel forced or contrived in the larger scheme of things.  I won't reiterate what the other reviewers have mentioned but if you're on the fence at all about this book I would tell you to just get it.  If you hate it (you won't) give the book to a friend and don't go out for dinner tonight and you'll recoup your thirteen bucks.      Hopefully this is the beginning of a successful career for the author Mr. Cline and I look forward to future novels.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I went to see the movie The Help last night and came away incredibly pleased, touched, and reminded of why I enjoyed the book so much when I read it a few years ago. In fact, it was one of the few movies I have seen in some time that stayed true to the book in almost every regard.  The story is one that is quite important to tell---that of African-American housekeepers in the South who essentially played the role of mother, maid, cleaner, cook, and almost everything else for white families.  The story talks of the deep prejudice they experienced and the way they were made to feel as second-class citizens even when being asked to play such an important role in the family.  The casting for the different roles was great--Viola Davis as Aibileen should win an Academy for this and Emma Stone as \\"Skeeter\\" was just incredibly well played.  A great movie well worth seeing.
B0011UF79C|5.0|A very disturbing movie about Identity Theft.    Set against a science fiction backdrop (not so far into the future), we see that, no matter how advanced science are or will become, we will always be up against Identity Thieves who cannot or will not care about other human beings.    In this movie we see how a so-called Invalid misuses his intelligence to achieve his dream to go into space where he would knowingly endanger the mission, not to mention the lives of all the other men on the ship.    We get an insight into the life of an identity thieve when we see how this Invalid spends his days:    Without ANY friends, he spends all his energy to mislead people.    He lives a life of zero compassion to everyone around him, not even his brother can stop him, while he knows that because of him sharing DNA with his brother, that his actions will eventually lead to the downfall of his brother. (This was removed from the final version of the movie.)    Indeed, a very disturbing movie, which paints a bleak picture of our (immediate) future, and which stops short of saying what the silent majority already knows:    The future of mankind does not depend on science/DNA manipulations/space travel, but on mutual love, respect, compassion and understanding.
B004O7EVLY|5.0|I don't feel the need to go into great detail. However, I feel this is one of the best albums I have heard in a long time. This album presents greater diversity within the 40 minutes of it's duration, and one that does the bastion of album-oriented rock no harm at all. I find absolutely nothing wrong or bad about this album. If you don't end up becoming a Graveyard fan after listening to this album, I'm afraid you are seriously missing something.
B001R0KH3W|5.0|If you like Stevie wonder you'll love this DVD.  Great sound, great picture.  All his hits.  Opens with \\"All Blues\\".  Great band.
B0051BLT4O|3.0|I'm not sure if it is just the Kindle edition or both (I have the Kindle edition), but this book is poorly laid out.  The text would often talk about example photos that didn't appear, captions would be wrong, photos that were talked about chapters earlier would pop-up chapters after they were discussed.  This is very off-putting for a book about a visual art like photography.<br /><br />The text of the book gave a good basic intro about food photography, and I liked the sections on props and styling a lot.  I already know a lot about my camera, but those sections gave me some ideas for props and styling that I hadn't thought about.<br /><br />Again, I'm not sure if the print version suffers from the same garbled photos as the Kindle version, but since the price is about the same, I think I would have rather had the print version.  Even if it was garbled, it would make it easier to flip back and forth to the section where the photo was discussed when I finally found it.
B00386EZJU|5.0|This score is really fantastic, neither it nor the movie got enough props during award seasons. On par with the work of Williams, Shore and other great film score composers.
0385341008|3.0|I really enjoyed this book and feel kind of guilty only giving it 3 stars but I don't feel it deserves 4 and this is why:<br />1.  Certain things take place in the book that just become so, there is no connecting substance.  For examples: engagements, romantic relationships, becoming an adoptive parent and a seriously long stay in a home that was supposed to be just for a \\"visit\\".  I believe some things require build up.  As I was reading the book I found myself thinking, \\"Wait a minute, how does she not feel as if she is imposing...\\" And, \\"Seriously, ______ are getting engaged right now?  That was random...\\"<br />2.  The book is painfully predictable.<br /><br />This book has many redeeming qualities; Its heartwarming, the characters are incredibly lovable and quirky, and the writing styles of the author's is witty, funny and all around superb.  This book also has some amazing quotes--Juliet and Sydney can be hilarious! In addition, this book inspired me to start my own \\"Literary Society\\"!<br /><br />If I could, I would give the book 3.5 stars, its a fun and easy summer read and even thought there are some downfalls to the book, I recommend it.
B003TJ4YUQ|5.0|Good CD. I enjoyed it as much as the first PFC. Arrived quickly in the mail. The music is passionate and heartfelt. The DVD is fun to watch and everyone who has seen it loves it.
1451629184|5.0|The book was very well written by Miss Dugard and I loved how she wrote it. She'd write a little from her memory, then Reflect to what she thinks about it currently. Welcome Home safely Miss Dugard & children. Love, & Prayers
B0034G4P8K|3.0|The third installment of the \\"Transformers\\" franchise is certainly better than the second one - perhaps filmmakers had read complaints from fans on the net - but still not as good as the first one. Though most of the annoying characters of the second film are gone (well, not quite, but their roles are smaller), and the film has stunning visuals and several thrilling action sequences, \\"Transformers: Dark of the Moon\\" is still a disappointment to me. The reason is simple. We don't want silly jokes or an uninteresting love romance. We want transformers. Much more.    Shia LaBeouf returns as Sam Witwicky, who, having already saved the world more than once, is still looking for a job. OK, you may fast-forward this part of the story. Frankly, the film's earlier chapters about Sam's job interviews (or John Malkovich's eccentric employer) are dull and pointless. Ken Jeong (who looks as if reprising his character in \\"The Hangover\\") is just annoying. And ... where is Bumblebee?     The film gets better in the second half, where you finally get to see more battles involving Autobots and Decepticons. The combat action scenes are more intense and violent (with villainous robots killing civilians). The climactic battle sequence, often ignoring the laws of physics, is overlong with so many characters, but the special effects are impressive.    Rosie Huntington-Whiteley replacing Megan Fox plays Sam's new girlfriend Carly. That she is virtually an amateur does not matter as none of the human actors including overacting Frances McDormand and over-the-top John Turturro are particularly great anyway. What is more important is that we don't need the obligatory role of the hero's girlfriend from the beginning, especially when she is not particularly a likable person. Or do we really need Shia LaBeouf's Sam Witwicky in the first place?    The script of the long and meandering film (157 minutes) is penned by Ehren Kruger, whose earlier works include \\"Arlington Road,\\" a much tighter and slicker thriller starring Jeff Bridges and Tim Robbins. But I know this is a Michael Bay film. He is the guy who made \\"Armageddon\\" and \\"Pearl Harbor,\\" action-packed blockbusters with big actions and weak romances. But what we need here is a simpler approach to making action films, focusing main characters and actions, as seen in \\"The Rock\\" and the first \\"Transformer\\" film.
B004J1DBJI|1.0|wouldn&apos;t even download after i bought it. wish i could use the app i paid  for! customer service we.ll see about that
B004529NLG|2.0|The story was weak, the acting was terrible and the dancing was awesome. This move got high ratings for 3d. My opinion? the 3d sucked. I have a 100 inch screen and my 3d is done with a projector and a 3d converter. 3D movies look awesome with my setup. Other 3D movies I bought from amazon is \\"Under the Sea\\", \\"Legends of the Guardians\\", and \\"Alice in Wonderland\\". These movies had awesome 3D effect.<br /><br />This Stepup movie 3D was by far the worst out of my 3D collection. I was tricked by other reviews saying the 3D in this movie was on par if not better than Avatar. Lies. Unless Avatar had sucky 3D! Maybe it's just me but I watched this entire movie almost cross-eyed. The 3D effect was maybe too strong? When it popped, it was too double imagey and it gave me a headache. There were moments in my other 3D movies in which I saw double but not this much. It was like the whole film and I wanted to watch the movie in 2D instead but the problem is I would be stuck with a crappy movie in 2D instead of 3D crap. Putting crap in 3D automatically makes it better normally. Not in this case.<br /><br />So I'm stuck with a horrible movie with horrible 3D with the only redeeming value is the nifty 3D cover. I wish I could rent 3d movies from netflix.
159562015X|1.0|This book was used but I didn't know that they had taken the assessment and used the password already.  THey should have told me when I was purchasing the book because that is the main reason that I purchased it. I wanted the assessment.  So it was a waste of money.
0385534639|2.0|\\"The circus looks abandoned and empty. But you think perhaps you can smell caramel wafting through the evening breeze, beneath the crisp scent of the autumn leaves. A subtle sweetness at the edges of the cold.\\" -- From The Night Circus<br /><br />I am floored at the starred reviews and attention this book is receiving. I've had it for months and, believe me, when I first heard of it, I WANTED it. Badly.<br /><br />I'm a professional Tarot card reader, so I'm \\"into\\" the mystical and magical. Because Tarot cards make an appearance in this book, my interest in The Night Circus was heightened. The idea of a mysterious circus, only held at night, and dueling young magiicians that become lovers...irresistable! Perhaps even in the league of Potter, I surmised.<br /><br />NOT.<br /><br />I'm not going to repeat plot points; you can find them elsewhere. What I WILL tell you is why The Night Circus didn't work for me, and why I gave up on it 100 pages into the book.<br /><br />In an online Wall Street Journal piece about this book that I've just read, and which is already up at this writing but dated tomorrow (8/19/11), the article begins with the statement that author Erin Morgenstern \\"has never published so much as a short story before\\".<br /><br />I totally believe it. Granted, just because you haven't had a fiction piece published before doesn't mean that you haven't practiced writing for years, nor studied the craft.<br /><br />But from early on in this book, I thought it read amateurish...like poorly written YA. I HATE that it interjects with the ill-suited POV of telling ME where I supposedly am, e.g. \\"You walk through the gate...\\" (something authors are warned about using, and for good reason). Not only does this POV pull you out of the other narratives (that is, another ill-chosen POV--2nd person, \\"the boy applauds...\\"), but it's irksome.<br /><br />Although the young girl's magician father is cruel, opportunistic and abusive (this happens early on, so no spoiler there), I didn't feel very sorry for the girl--largely because the point of view and word choices wedged a gaping void between me and Celia. Same with the other characters, as well.<br /><br />Some of the prose is stylized and interesting, but the plot is convoluted. By 100 pages we know there's a showdown coming but we don't CARE. (At least, I didn't). Nothing felt at stake here! The author hops about in time, back and forth, further distancing the reader from the characters AND the plot.<br /><br />No, we don't know why the two adult magicians are making a diabolical \\"gentlemen's agreement\\" but, again, WHO CARES. I have no reason to pity Celia, or even like her. Same with Marco.<br /><br />Several times, I had the thought \\"Ohhhh, this could be interesting!\\" But I kept getting disappointed that the plot didn't move forward (too busy flip flopping in different time periods), nor did the characters develop in a way to make them compelling.<br /><br />Some may say \\"You owe this author more than 100 pages in order to make a judgment!\\"<br /><br />Do I?<br /><br />You mean, if I slogged through the first 100--hoping, desperately hoping, that it got better because of the potential here--that I should waste my valuable time pushing through the next 300 pages? Why, I ask you? It is the author's job to make me want to read; if after 100 pages and a good deal of anticipation/expectation I am becoming increasingly irritated and disappointed, I have every right to not only put the book down, but also share why I didn't like it--especially in the face of glowing reviews that I just. Don't. Get.<br /><br />In deft hands, and with some tweaking, The Night Circus may have had some potential. But with the chosen point-of-views, weakly drawn characters, inexplicable convolutions and a \\"who gives a damn?\\" plot, it's one of the worst fiction books I've picked up this year.<br /><br />-- Janet Boyer, author of Back in Time Tarotre), I didn't feel very sorry for the girl--largely because the point of view and word choices wedged a gaping void between me and Celia. Same with the other characters, as well.<br /><br />Some of the prose is stylized and interesting, but the plot is convoluted. By 100 pages we know there's a showdown coming but we don't CARE. (At least, I didn't). Nothing felt at stake here! The author hops about in time, back and forth, further distancing the reader from the characters AND the plot.<br /><br />No, we don't know why the two adult magicians are making a diabolical \\"gentlemen's agreement\\" but, again, WHO CARES. I have no reason to pity Celia, or even like her. Same with Marco.<br /><br />Several times, I had the thought \\"Ohhhh, this could be interesting!\\" But I kept getting disappointed that the plot didn't move forward (too busy flip flopping in different time periods), nor did the characters develop in a way to make them compelling.<br /><br />Some may say \\"You owe this author more than 100 pages in order to make a judgment!\\"<br /><br />Do I?<br /><br />You mean, if I slogged through the first 100--hoping, desperately hoping, that it got better because of the potential here--that I should waste my valuable time pushing through the next 300 pages? Why, I ask you? It is the author's job to make me want to read; if after 100 pages and a good deal of anticipation/expectation I am becoming increasingly irritated and disappointed, I have every right to not only put the book down, but also share why I didn't like it--especially in the face of glowing reviews that I just. Don't. Get.<br /><br />In deft hands, and with some tweaking, The Night Circus may have had some potential. But with the chosen point-of-views, weakly drawn characters, inexplicable convolutions and a \\"who gives a damn?\\" plot, it's one of the worst fiction books I've picked up this year.<br /><br />-- Janet Boyer, author of Back in Time Tarot
B003M0H4OU|4.0|My wife loves the CD.  Her and my daughter listen to it everyday.  I think it has saved my marriage!
1400069181|5.0|Blake Mycoskie's book is hard to classify. You could say it's a business book. You could say it's an autobiography. You could say it's a self-help book. Really, it is all three of these things rolled into one.<br /><br />Before he was a contestant on The Amazing Race, Blake was an entrepreneur and his entrepreneurship continued after his journey around the world. Deciding that there had to be a better way for corporations to be responsible citizens he came up with the idea that his next business should give back in a very visible and tangible way and TOMS Shoes was born.<br /><br />For those unfamiliar with the concept of TOMS Shoes for every pair of shoes sold a pair is provided to a child in need.<br /><br />Start Something That Matters details the creation of this phenomenal company and includes reflective questions to inspire readers to start doing something that matters to them.<br /><br />This book is excellent for teens and adults alike.<br /><br />And just in case you think my review is biased I'll freely admit here that it is, but it's not because I received this book for free. I honestly think this book is a wonderful book, however I am a HUGE Amazing Race fan and therefore, may be more interested in reading Blake's story than the average person who isn't a fan of The Amazing Race.
6304432453|5.0|cool!!!!   kathryn bigelow has truly outdid herself with this grand science-fiction masterpiece of the L.A. riots,and their eventual result to the end of the millenium.  exelcior!!!!
B003K025V4|4.0|This album is  a prime example of  machine pop to the max just about. there is a lot of clash and bangs throughout. Some songs have a bit too much of it  but afterall i  do actually  enjoy it.<br /><br />The first half to me is the most  enjoyable part.<br /><br />\\"Liberty Walk\\" sort of has this  old thriller  feel to it at the beggining.It seems to be very  focused on moving ahead and not being bothered by what others are  saying in the  background. It is one of my favorites and  could have really been the first single with the right video to accompany it of course.<br /><br />The party continues with  \\"who owns my heart\\" .Which I was  hoping would be a single the first time i heard it. Though it should have been shipped out to  singleland a lot sooner to  avoid the  possible  bad timing  issues that can come when a single  does not drop at the  right time or with right  video.<br /><br />I still find my head  bobbing  along with it when it comes on in my car. It is very fun  to dance to and is made for the dance floor for sure.<br /><br />Then you have the first  single \\"Can't be tamed\\" Which is  arguably  the  strongest song on the album. It is very  in your face but  fun none the less. I still find myself listening to it  due to the  drive of the song in general. The video  was also  well done and fun to watch.<br /><br /> Next up you  got  \\"two more lonely  people\\" this was an okay  number to me at  first and the  verses seem to be the best parts. After a while it  did grow  on me and I now  enjoy it.<br /><br />I love, love, love  \\"forgiveness and  love\\" it's really a  strong number and i enjoy ms. cyrus' voice on it.<br /><br />You have  \\"permanent december\\" which is a standard pop number  with a very \\"kesha\\" feel to it. It is enjoyable. Pretty much after this point the album kind of levels off for me. you are either in the mood to listen to the  rest or your not.<br /><br />\\"Robot\\" sounds very machiney and can be a bit jarring to listen to at times.  \\"My Heart Beats for Love\\"  is  a good number that talks about supporting the ones you love.<br /><br />I enjoyed \\"every rose has it's thorn\\". I didn't like it initially  but it grew on me too. So most of the CD is pretty solid. I think most people could enjoy most of the CD.<br /><br />It doesn't sound too kiddy or overly adult either. It sort of has that middle ground. She still has lot of growing up to do but  she completed a good strong last effort before she disappears into the mist.
1932100660|5.0|This book will change your life. Everyone I know who has read this book has completely changed their diet to a plant based diet. The evidence is just so overwhelming for a vegan diet for the best possible health. My wife is a doctor and I am an engineer, and after reading this book a few years ago we became vegans immediately.  The science and research behind this book is very sound, and it only offers the facts, not opinions. We are now enjoying our best health ever. I never get sick anymore and have way more energy.    We recently had a son and he couldn't be healthier. The doctors were amazed at how quickly his umbilical cord and circumcision healed. He is also gaining lots of weight and is in the 95 percentile at all his checkups.  Simply put this is a life changing book that everyone should read. This is the second copy of the book I have purchased because I want to give it to a friend. If you are sick of being sick and tired all the time, read this book, change your diet, and change your life!
0439023483|4.0|I devoured this book in less than a day. I loved it.  I have to admit that my only complaint was the endless descriptions of food. I think Ms Collins was extremely hungry the entire time she wrote this. I could have dealt with a little more action and a little less internal monologues..  That being said, I'm starting eagerly on the next installment
0205313426|4.0|This book is very useful for someone who is taking an AP English course or anyone who just wants to learn how to write properly.
0312360258|3.0|This book is appealing to those who like the Twilight series. It has everything that a teenager deals with in it. From sex, to homosexuality to foul language to pagan rituals, (which I could do without). Zoey gets marked, and then is forced to leave by her parents to this school. They completely abandon her because she is marked. The only one who stood by her side was Grandma Redbird, who's character I find adoring. Even when all things go bad, this grandma stands tall, helping her granddaughter along the way. There is a lot of pop culture references in this books that seems like the authors are trying too hard to get readers to like the book. While this book was written in good form and captured the teenage voices, I am a little concerned with young readers reading this. I am a mother, and I would not allow my teenage son to read this. (Thank God, he is still a baby) I don't think most parents are aware of what their children are reading. If I found this on a YA shelf, I'm pretty sure some other teenybopper chic will come by, see it and of course beg his/her parents to read it. And of course they will make a reference like,\\" it's just like twilight.\\" when in fact it is not.<br /><br />The mother/daughter team did a well rounded job on the plot and developing of the story. It did keep me entertained. There was lots of drama, fights, even the leading lady Zoe coming into her destiny. For those who like vampire stories, this is a good book. For young readers, no.
1439156816|3.0|It was OK. Too many hard words. Info I didn't care about. Some parts were funny, though. Could've finished it faster if I didn't have to keep searching in the dictionary and online @ least 5 words per page! I'm not kidding.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I have a 16 month old that saw a clip of this movie at a recent doc visit in the waiting room. It really captured her attention so I ordered it to have at home.  She literally pulls the case out where it's placed with our other DVD's and brings it to me. She LOVES these little yellow guys.  We also have a 9 year old that really likes it.  Entertaining for all ages!
B0053Q9DHW|4.0|I still have not read the book so I cannot comment on the adaptation aspect.  The actors are superb, though, especially the two main ones as Jane and Fairfax.  Judi Dench is of course excellent as always.  The enormous English country houses used are stunning, to say the least.      Jane leads a difficult and lonely life until she ends up a governness in a mysterious household with a dark secret upstairs.  This leads to much angst and conflict between her and her employer-turned-would-be-husband.  I won't spoil it any further.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|I LOVED this book and couldn't put it down. I read this book (Kindle version) faster than I've ever read any book in my life.  AND I have a toddler so it's not like I can sit around and read all day.  I've recommended it to several friends who have also enjoyed it.
B00275EGWY|3.0|I try to watch movies that win Oscars, especially Best Picture.  That said, I had trepidations over watching The Hurt Locker.  Finally I watched it hoping that it would set aside my concerns over whether or not this movie was worthy of the Best Picture award.    The film is set in Iraq and follows a team of demolition experts.  Most people, myself included, have little appreciation for placing themselves at risk to diffuse the myriad of homemade bombs that are used against American troops in our two current overseas wars.  But these men are willing to risk life and limb to do their duty.    This will not be an ethical or moral debate on the wars.  They are what they are.  But I still am puzzled over how this film won Best Picture.  The movies dragged on from scene to scene without really developing its characters.  But then look at the real war in Iraq.  It drags on from year to year and there seems to be no real sense of purpose now that Saddam Hussein has been deposed and dead for more than eight years.  The film ecoes this sense of forlornness that many feel when thinking about the war.    This is a good movie that has decent actors performing a decent script.  It has drama, tension, some humor, and a lot of relief once the bombs are disabled.  Ther eal war is winding down, but at what cost?  Aside from the dead on both sides there is the need to rebuild in an era when rebuilding may just lead to the next petty dictator rising to power and muscling his way onto the world scene.  Best Picture?  There must not have been much competition.
B0037UUZQY|4.0|My daughter loves this toy - and boy does it show!!  The hair is an absolute mess, but that doesn't seem to phase her!  It drives me nuts!  However, to be fair, all her Barbies are a tangled mess, so I can't blame the toy.  Maybe we can give her a hair cut to match the movie???
B003TJR2HS|5.0|I bought this adapter because I have the Ipod Classic 160 GB and I couldn't dock it to my older Magnavox Stereo w/Ipod docking station.With this adapter I can finally dock to it and play or charge through it.
160059672X|5.0|I drool over this books pictures!  I have beaded for awhile, but am new to jewelry making, but this book shows you step by step how to create the beautiful pieces so I don't feel daunted at all.  Not for 'complete' beginners but there are easy to difficult projects, which should keep everyone happy.  Well presented, step by step instructions, beautiful pictures, well worth the money!
B000G8NY4U|5.0|I was happy to see a few of the same musicians who were in the \\"Tribute\\" performance - especially Pedro Eustache on the various woodwind instruments.  The addition of the hammered dulcimer was a nice touch.  This performance had a different drummer - Charlie Adams.  His set-up was extensive and his performance was energetic and accurate.  I was glad to see Ming Freeman was still on the keyboards.<br />For entertainment value, I'd rate this a little lower than \\"Tribute\\".  However, Tribute's aspect ratio is 1.33:1, and this one's is 1.78:1.<br />All the musicians were exceptional in both - it was a treat to watch them.  Gimme more, please......
630460291X|4.0|This was a good movie, and I liked it, but there were disturbing scenes such as witchcraft and the witch spitting in a bowl mixed with blood (shudder). but, it didn't lack entertainment value.  I actually bought this movie because Alan Rickman was in it (he's my favorite actor).  And he played his part very well, with a bit of humor. He plays the villain quite well, he's actually my favorite character. Kevin Costner plays his part well too. Pretty good movie though.
B003UD7JEE|5.0|I love this show, Nikita is one of the best shows out right now can't wait for Season 2!!! Hands down Nikita rocks, CW did a great job with this one...
0756405890|5.0|Rothfuss may be the most poetic writer of novels I have ever read. His writing is poetry in motion. As smooth as silk and as flowing as a mountain brook. Yeah, I know, I cannot do what he does. He does it so well. I bought the 'Name of the Wind' elsewhere and came to Amazon to buy Day 2. Saw the reviews and had to stick in my two cents. It is a good story, well written and a pleasure to read. I normally do not do fantasy, but this book is too good. Great adventure yarn and strikes me as being in the time of the Celts, but I may be wrong. Buy it, read it and you will be happy.
B004B6N4A2|5.0|[[VIDEOID:moSY04P1JI9D2F]]The following is included in this WALL-E Gift Set:<br />- 3-Disc Set: includes Blu-Ray movie, Blu-Ray special features disc, and a Digital Copy disc.  Slipcover included.<br />- As with all Disney movies, the Disney Movie Rewards points are included (125 pts.)<br />- WALL-E: The Intergalactic Guide - 47-page Hardcover book featuring lots of images from the film.<br />- WALL-E Ultimate Sticker Book - contains more than 60 stickers.<br />- Collectible Litho Set - one poster (8x10 inches each) for every Pixar film through Toy Story 3 (eleven posters in total) - they come packaged inside a protective envelope.<br />- The outer box measures approx. 9x11 inches.  The box is very nice, and looks great on my shelf.<br /><br />Pixar has released a total of 5 Gift Sets.  I have posted links to the other 4 sets below.  Please note that every set comes with the same collectible lithos, but has different books and (obviously) a different blu-ray movie.<br />[[ASIN:B004B6N286 Toy Story Disney Pixar LIMITED EDITION GIFT SET Includes 1 Disc Blu-Ray, 1 Disc DVD, Collectible Book, Sticker Book and Litho Set]]<br />[[ASIN:B004B6N790 Toy Story 2 Disney Pixar LIMITED EDITION GIFT SET Includes 1 Disc Blu-Ray, 1 Disc DVD, Collectible Book, Sticker Book and Litho Set]]<br />[[ASIN:B004H3C2TI Monsters, Inc. Disney Pixar LIMITED EDITION GIFT SET Includes 2 Disc Blu-Ray, 1 Disc DVD, 1 Disc Disneyfile Digital Copy, Collectible Book, Sticker Book and Litho Set]]<br />[[ASIN:B004B6N13M Up Disney Pixar LIMITED EDITION GIFT SET Includes 2 Disc Blu-Ray, 1 Disc DVD, 1 Disc Disneyfile Digital Copy, Collectible Book, Sticker Book and Litho Set]]
B000RJW1Y2|3.0|Well, I bought this hoping it would work for F1 2009 on the Wii, but it doesn't.  So, I'm stuck w/ it.  That's really all I can say about it so far.  Supposedly, it will work for Mario Kart, but I haven't tried it.  If you are buying this for the Wii, do your homework on what games it will work w/.  I would think that a wheel/pedals that would work on various systems would be good.  I only have a PC & Wii.
B001UV4XI8|5.0|+10 for this film... I want to buy part 2 ;) Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow part 1 is very good, BUT the DVD edition that comes with this Blu-Ray edition doesnt have spanish Audio...
1594744769|5.0|This was a great book! I saw the cover and became instantly interested. It took me very little time to read but was well worth it. The story is great, the characters are awesome, and the fact that the author built a story around all these actual pictures is just awesome to me. It's a great concept and the author does a fantastic job describing everything and taking you on the journey with him.<br /><br />Definitely worth reading!
076115678X|5.0|I stumbled across the Curly Girl website and had to buy the handbook: good move on my part.  It's well set up making it easy to brouse for specifics; the writing is clear and to the point and the illustrations are extremely well done and helpful.  It's chock full of information, and here's the best part, WITHOUT being preachy.  Apparently there are a lot of Curly Girls out there who have been going through what I have for years and you get to read about them and what they've learned.  My hair looks better already (and curlier - sometimes!)
0439023513|1.0|never got my book. I contacted them 3 times about it but they could not explain the whereabouts of my book. It shouldn't take so long to just gt a book from San Francisco to Colorado..... And by taking so long. I really mean 'never arriving\\". Now i have to wait longer to order the book from someone else.
B004UID2LC|3.0|The one MP3 i downloaded was okay, it downloaded so thats why i gave it 3 stars, but it sounds horrible, comes from an HD source so its not the actual video/audio thats bad but the downloader/converter. would not recommend to anyone who likes quality
1590581814|2.0|At least twice in this short novel, the lead character, a stunt driver for movies who moonlights driving for heists, says \\"I drive. That's all I do.\\" It's too bad that James Sallis didn't take that advice for his disjointed narrative. This could have a been a much better book if about 30 pages were removed. Would a character who stopped reading a book because he didn't understand a word (?!?) even WANT to be in a book where he had to take a chapter to discuss Jorge Luis Borges in the middle of the climax? Now, I like Borges as much as the next educated moron. I'm even old enough to interpolate my memory of the end of the film PERFORMANCE with it's cryptic \\"I AM BORGES\\". It doesn't make this the right (or even an interestingly wrong) choice. It's just sloppy craftsmanship that detracts from the plot! Halfway through this book, I was excited enough to put several books by James Sallis on my wishlist. They have now been demoted to \\"maybe check out of the library\\" status. I wish he'd had an editor smart enough to tell him to just shut up and drive. As it is, this is DRIVEL.
6305971935|5.0|I ordered this for my mother. It came very quickly and was sealed, so it was obviously new. It never skipped scenes.
B001NKI60W|1.0|This is an utterly stupid movie that completely wastes Meryl Streep's phenomenal acting power. The nicest part of this movie was the ocean in the background....
B004LROMSO|5.0|frankly i loved this series. being a film major and someone who loves legends and foklore. the show was creative, the screenwriters had a good spin on the storyline, the directors vision was fantastic, tons of sex. what more could you want. i dont care if hes sleeping with his sister. thats the point. eva green is cunning and malicious and will do whatever it takes to get the crown. nuff said. i think the actors did a fantastic job. strong cast for not-having-a-list actors.
B004TTZHBK|4.0|got this as the FAOD and am very glad i did. The language caused me some confusion...i needed to dl the pics just to figure out what he meant by &quot;kettle&quot; (pot) and &quot;grill&quot; (broiler). The recipes I&apos;ve tried so far have been great! Wish there were more! more recipes would make make this a 5 star app. The extras make it worth the price.
B0051GOB26|2.0|I tried to play this on my blu ray player first, and it would either eject it immediately or just load endlessly for a couple minutes. I said, forget it, ill try my ps3, same thing, without the ejecting. Just stared at a black screen for a few minutes, while on my computer writing a wish for refund to the sender. Then the \\"universal\\" logo shows up after five minutes of nothing. Other than the obvious frustration this causes, this movie is the best comedy of all time, so I can't be too mad.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|I'm the proud owner of two of these beast.  Of course there is no such thing as a one size fits all when it comes to a knife, but when it comes to camp craft this thing out performs knives costing twice as much. I've done everything from chopping down small trees for shelter to spliting wood to make a fire.  It also feels great in the hand just upgrade to micarta scales are simple cut a strip of bike inner tube to put on the handles.  Great buy you won't be disappointed.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games was suspensful, in a sense romantic, and action packed. Wonderful book to read, devoured it in 1 sitting!
B002ZG993Q|4.0|By some viewers, `The American,' based on the novel `A Very Private Gentleman' by British author Martin Booth, will be deemed `a work of art.' By others - a dull, overly long character piece, lacking in both plot and pace. So which is it? Well each of these views can be fully appreciated and understood after having reached the 100 minute mark. It depends almost entirely on the level of your expectations and whether or not you have the patience to be rewarded by what for me was a very engrossing and compelling piece of film. But my immediate reaction after having left the cinema 100 minutes and nine pounds sixty later? - Certainly that this is a film which cares more about taking a look at the behaviour of character rather than your conventional Hollywood tale full of stylish edits, breakneck cliffhangers, predictable dialogue and cheesy love scenes. Ultimately though, my very first thought was `what a pleasant surprise.'     - If film-goers are used to watching a lot of the Hollywood thrillers like the one's I've just described (e.g. `Quantum of Solace,' `Taken'...etc - good films in their own right) then of course `The American' will seem like the slow, boring, \\"nothing really happens\\" film it's been accused of being. You can't come straight from having watched Angelina Jolie's `Salt' or Liam Neeson's `The A Team' and expect to enjoy `The American,' which you'll have seen advertised as a spy thriller with George Clooney, so it's only natural to think that it will follow in a similar fashion. It doesn't. - Instead, `The American' follows more in the wake of thrillers like Mel Gibson's `Edge of Darkness' in terms of action/suspense and more like Jeff Bridges' `True Grit' in terms of character/plot development. Instead of long winded action set pieces, it has sudden but meaningful bursts of violence which work almost as effectively as in `Edge of Darkness' to contrast the slow but involving scenes of character and intrigue that worked so well in `True Grit.' So if your tastes run more toward the mainstream of Hollywood thrillers then maybe this is not the film for you.     However, what if I told you the film contains a car chase, five assassination attempts on Clooney's character, a femme fatale who isn't all she appears to be, a suspenseful foot pursuit through a narrow maze of streets with two professional hit men trying to outwit and kill one another, a steamy sex scene, a face to face showdown and a 7 person body count (more than `The Bourne Ultimatum'). Well it does. But although this may not sound boring, I can understand how the direction and execution of these set pieces could be interpreted as such. Anton Corbijn, a Dutch director known for his photography and music videos, effectively has the opposite of Paul Greengrass's flashy editing of handheld cameras used to create a sense of urgency that was used for the Bourne films, instead opting for a more reflective take on the action.     Fans of Clooney will either love or hate this film. Those who aren't fans of Clooney are likely to love it, as he gives arguably the most un-Clooney like performance of his career to date, using the same solemn intensity we saw flashes of in `Michael Clayton' and `Syriana' and turning it up to the max. Gone is the easy smile and likable charm that Clooney is known for exuding better than anyone, replaced with hard eyed stares and a strong sense of vulnerability that Clooney does well not to overdo when communicating the troubles of his flawed character to the audience.     Aided by a fresh and solid supporting cast with the likes of Thekla Reuten (In Bruges), Violante Placido and Paolo Bonacelli, Clooney has a great deal of talent to play off and Herbert Grnemeyer's contemplative music score only underlines and adds to the atmospheric, brooding quality that the film proudly possesses. Reuten brings a coldly effective steeliness to her emotionless assassin, Placido is immediately likeable as Clara, the sweet and loving prostitute and Bonacelli delivers a knowing, world weary gravitas to his philosophical role as the priest that makes you hang on to his every word and whose scenes with Clooney are the forefront for the film's moral statement and raising of questions.     So eventually, the audience end up rooting for a hit man and a prostitute, showing that not everyone is black or white. Assassination of innocent people and prostitution as occupations are controversial to say the least, so why do we end up liking these characters and wanting them to be happy? Even the squeaky clean priest is shown to have kept a dark secret, hidden away in his past. So the film's message is that everyone, no matter who they are, strives to be better and find redemption. Every single character is revealed to have sinned one way or another and a powerful line from the film is Clooney's response to the priest when being told to seek God's forgiveness, `I don't think God's very interested in me Father.' Something which could be said for all the characters and all of us in general, as highlighted by Clooney's meaningful line, `All men are sinners.'     Verdict: Not perfect but with wonderful craftsmanship from Corbijin's subtle direction to a powerful, hard hitting performance by Clooney, this is the first of its kind for the thriller genre. And hopefully not the last. If you keep an open mind and watch it with no expectations, then like me - you'll find `The American' to be a very pleasant surprise. A smart and subtle piece of drama.     Review by MARK PAYNE
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Very nice movie, great action, I highly recommend the movie. It is a good movie for any age. It is a very exciting movie.
B0000C1HLF|4.0|This movie was good.  I'm not sure but I think I enjoyed the first better but it is close.  All the \\"Angels\\" do a great job including Demi Moore.
B0051MKMNC|1.0|This Blu-Ray DVD locks the user not only from being able to skip the previews but it also locks the user out from being able to fast-forward through the previews. So, every time I put this DVD to watch the movie from where I last left off, I am forced by the stupid studios to sit through the same 10 minutes of FORCED previews that I can't skip or fast-forward through. This forced lock by the studio not only keeps customers from being able to enjoy their movies but is extremely disrespectful.  EPIC FAIL!
B000B8QG22|5.0|Great comedy and the service/delivery was superb!  Movie arrived on time, and just in time as I needed a classic comedy!
B004LAIU4I|5.0|Paul Simon is still growing and taking chances. This is a collection for adults, as Simon faces his aging, mortality and the very nature of living. Some of it is self-indulgent and slow-moving, but these meditations reward thoughtful listening.
B000RZIGVS|1.0|This bootleg product has a bar code that is not recognized.  This may be a method to identify the forgery without having to open the product.  Use a bar code scanner app like the one provided by Amazon or Shopsavvy to help identify the bad version.
0385341008|5.0|I found Mary Ann Shaffer and Annie Barrows' THE GUERNSY LITERARY AND POTATO PEEL PIE SOCIETY the most charming and literate book I've read in a long time.<br />Nash Black, SANDPRINTS OF DEATH
B000056N8X|1.0|SPOILERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It had been ten years since I saw it, and I figured, \\"Why not?\\" I popped in Highlander: Endgame to see my more mature opinion.  I will say this, the first hour is pretty good.  They bring back some classic characters from the original film (Rachel and Heather) and some from the tv series (Methos and Joe Dawson).  There are good plot setups with Connor hating Kell (the villain) for murdering his mother, the love/hate relationship between Duncan and his ex-wife, and ofcourse the clansmanship of the MacLeods.  Once the hour mark is over, the movie goes completely down the toilet.  Kell decides to axe all of his henchmen at a dinner table, killing off any possible interesting fight sequences for later other than with the main characters (particularly since one of them is DONNIE YEN!!!).  And then we get to the part that most who know me think is the worst possible way of killing continuity.  The wrong MacLeod DIES!!!  Connor wins the prize, end of story; especially if you're putting in the continuity of the movies and the show together.  It also doesn't make sense from the movie's own storyline.  We're cheated of the final showdown between Connor and Kell which should have happened.  Duncan was more focused on his ex-wife.  Then we notice the downfall of the editing as the Duncan/Kell showdown has glaring signs of scenes being replayed over and over during one single fight (not to mention the horrible cgi, even for 2000).  (Connor MacLeod facing Duncan MacLeod) \\"In the end, there can be only one....and it HAS to be YOU!!\\"  I call B.S.!!!  Score: 1/5
B0032UYFA6|5.0|This is a brilliant continuation of the first two seasons.  The silent deadly twin brothers,their back story and eventual unexpected outcome are a great addition to the story line.  As usual, Walt is at the center of all the madness but never seems to suffer a scratch.  I've been a huge fan of the show since the very first episode.<br /><br />Frank
B002VRZEYM|5.0|I am a vegetarian and have been aware of the inhumane and torturous practices innocent animals are subject to, for a long time.  While this fact is very painful to me it doesn't seem to bother most people who remain consuming meat from the meat companies.  However, I believe the film is very informative especially for most people who don't mind animals being tortured but perhaps (hopefully!) at least become concerned about how those terrible practices lead to diseases such as E. coli, which can lead to death.      As a vegetarian it was a painful film to watch but very informative and I'm glad I watched it, in fact I believe everyone should watch it! I'm going to make sure my meat-eating family watches it!
0201626632|5.0|This is a good book. It is useful especially for those senior undergraduate students or new graduate students who want to pursue an academic career. It is well written and easy reading.
B000PKG7I4|5.0|All I can say about this wonderful album is wow. Although I became a Amy Winehouse fan only since her death, I feel she was incredible. What a voice! She was so talented beyond her years. Her voice has a beautiful range- not bad for only 19 years old. If you liked \\"Back to Black\\" buy this- you won't be disappointed!
0441172717|5.0|super addicting. i could not set the book down until it was done. i heard they are trying to remake the movie. can not wait to see it
B0051MKNV8|2.0|this movie was not at all like i thought i can't say it was bad i just thought from the parts they showed on tv that this movie was going to be better.  yes i would watch it again but not my best watch.  thanks movie house
0553381695|5.0|This is the second time I read this book since I want to catch up with the story before I read A Dance with Dragons. If you got hooked on Game of Thrones you will get by this book in a breeze. It's full of action and suspense. You keep trying to figure out what goes on in some of the characters minds jus to be surprised by their decisions. You don't get to know much about important characters as Rob Stark and Jaime Lannister, but you get to follow Arya's adventures up close as well as Sansa's tribulations. You get to see how Daenerys is transforming into an empowered and self assured woman and Queen. And the struggle for power and the Iron Throne just gets better by the minute. It is a genuine clash of kings.
B002QW7ALM|4.0|It was a very good movie for it's genre. The film was dark, gritty and mysterious. My only complaints were that it was hard to hear the dialogue in some parts of the movie.
B000JIHP88|5.0|My wife bought it for our 3 month old so that she can entertained in the crib.  My daughter was delighted to listen to the music as the jungle animals go around and around.  It has different music settings to keep them entertained.  It definitely grabs their attention.
B00006ZXSK|3.0|It isn't the best period romance movie I've ever seen, but it was a cute popcorn flick for when you need a girlie fix. Don't get this movie if you are one of the types that points out all of the historical inaccuracies in movies. You will hate it.
B004MARLJ2|4.0|gameplay wasn&apos;t bad, with a fairly good balance between the harder and the easier levels. however, there weren&apos;t that many levels in the game and I finished it rather quickly.
0307593525|4.0|After watching Julie and Julia with my husband, who loves to cook, he told me he wanted to get the books.<br />So for his birthday I bought them. He has made several recipes from it already and will continue to make more. Simple enough for us to understand and follow directions and the illustrations make it so easy.
B004WOS3P4|5.0|David bowled me over on Idol. His first CD, was very enjoyable, but i did not end up playing it a lot past the initial three months or so of ownership. Probably due to the fact that his \\"Analog Heart\\" had spoiled me and I could see nothing he ever recorded taking it's place. In a review of that album I said it had entered my personal TOP TEN of my lifetime and it still ranks there to this day. But it has been knocked down a notch. You would think this feat would be accomplished by another artist, but you would be incorrect. David Cook knocked his own \\"Analog Heart\\" down a notch with this album \\"This Loud Morning\\".  From the first listen on AOL before its release i was entranced. It simply is the best album a fan could wish for. I own the deluxe version and i really have to be honest and state that the two bonus tracks really deserve the title BONUS!!! I have not played any CD as often as this one. In my opinion it is HOT HOT HOT! I find the songs passing through my mind during the day and every morning i seem to wake up with one to take to the shower with me. The compositions, his voice, the band the lyrics and the nooks and crannies are mesmerizing to me. The first single \\"The Last Goodbye\\" does seem out of place as others have stated but still is a very good song. The weakest in my opinion is \\"Time Marches On\\" but it is not weak at all. Every other single track on the album is a blessing to me. I really like them all so much. In my opinion, David could not have recorded a better album if he'd spent a lifetime on it. We should never judge albums on one or two listens. Lucky for me, on this one, I did not  have to listen more than once to enjoy this. No disappointment in the initial listen at all. Can I list my favorite tracks in order? No. Can I tell you the standouts for me? Yes, I can. Every single song to be honest. If \\"We Believe\\" is not adopted by sports teams across the country this year they are missing out on a real crowd pleaser. I am so proud of David's effort and can only encourage others to give this CD a chance. It is so rare to really, really, really enjoy a whole CD with today's offerings but Mr. Cook is giving his fans that chance. Thanks.
1935670913|4.0|Found this information very interesting and I've applied much of what he  talked about. The results, so far, have been good as far as social media is concerned. When the sales reports come in, we'll see if the $$ improve. Anxious to see the next quarter's results.
B002AS463W|5.0|Finally got it another fantastic movie that has been added to my collection, brillant performances by Mickey Rourke and Kim Basinger.
B0037QGS0A|3.0|I purchased this movie on DVD to see more of Amanda Seyfried's work which reveals that she usually does bizaar stuff.  In this film she basically spins a web of lies and deceit that eventually catch up with her.  This is actually a high powered movie with Liam Neeson and Julianne Moore as the central characters.  This is not sweet Sophie from \\"Letters to Juliet\\".
B003L77GRO|4.0|In the aftermath of Trinity and Rita's death, this season of Dexter finds him off-balance, his \\"normal\\" mask gone, kids to raise, a killer/victim to train/save.      I really liked Julia Stiles in the role of Lumen -- although I finally had to pause an episode and look her up on IMDB.com to figure out where I knew her from.  The alternating cold, creepy, revenge-seeker and terrified victim is quite a departure from \\"The Prince and Me\\"-'s Paige Morgan.    For just the episodes themselves, I would have given Dexter, The Fifth Season 5 stars.  I took off one star because the box promised   \\"Special Features: ... Via E-Bridge Technology:  - Interviews with Michael C. Hall, Jennifer Carpenter, C.S. Lee, Lauren Velez, Julia Stiles, James Remar, Desmond Harrington, Chip Johannessen and David Zayas  - Reflecting on Season Five: Julia Stiles\\"    I'm still not sure what \\"E-Bridge Technology\\" is or how to access it, but despite my best efforts, I was unable to access any of these special features.  Internet searches elicited comments that they may not even exist.  I'm inclined to agree.  If a DVD is going to promise a special feature, please put it ON the DVD!
B004UG7RQ0|1.0|I have a 2008 Mercedes ML. It doesn't work with it, no sound at all. Really wanted to work though.
159514188X|5.0|This book is not just for young adults.  It is a thought-provoking inquiry into the aftereffects of a suicide, in this case, a teen suicide, but the reader is left pondering the impacts of one's seemingly casual but thoughtless actions on another's fragile life.  It is a book that drives home that seemingly innocuous verbal bullying is just as wrong with similar devastating effects as physical bullying. Should be required reading in all middle schools and high schools. The book includes study group questions, and would be excellent for suicide support groups.  I have recommended it to staff at a local crisis intervention agency.  The book is extremely well written.
B004EPYZP8|4.0|Matthew McConaughey proves he's not just a pretty face in The Lincoln Lawyer. It's difficult to translate books to the silver screen, and this is no exception. Based upon the novel by John Connelly, the movie lacks the heart that enlivened the written version. It does do justice, however, to the character of Mickey Haller, a smart, fast-talking defense attorney who knows all the tricks and doesn't hesitate to play them. Kind of a conman with a conscience, if you can picture that. I wondered about the choice of Mcconaughey to play Mick, but I'm happy to report that he captured the Haller essence. His client, a rich boy accused of assaulting a working girl, will pay very well indeed if exonerated, but Mick senses there's more to these accusations than meets the eye. A mature Marisa Tomei portrays Mickey's ex, and while she handles well the material she's given, the nature of their relationship (still loving each other) does not come through. William H. Macy shines as Haller's investigator, as does Laurence Mason, the chauffeur with a keen mind. Michael Pena, a now-incarcerated former client (you can't win 'em all) makes the most of the few key scenes in which he appears, forwarding the momentum of the plot.  But this is McConaughey's show, and if his performance here is anything to go by, his career should be taking off from here on out. As should director Brad Furman's.
1441761268|4.0|Our book club read for September, this engaging tale quickly captures the reader's attention and holds it til the very last page.  The characters are well-developed, the historical associations accurate, and the glimpse into our nation's passion for slave labor is enlightening and embarrassing.    The audiobook is well-read and develops the characters and their voices in a clear manner.
B002WYH5N2|5.0|It is August 2011, and this is the first time that I have watched the 2005 Joe Wright-directed \\"Pride & Prejudice\\". In MY pride and prejudice, I believed that the 1995 BBC version with Colin Firth to be the definitive adaption of the Jane Austen novel, and I refused to even give this movie a chance; that's how certain I believed it would be inferior, HAD to be inferior to the production I loved.  I now believe that this latest version may be the most romantic film of all time, bettering 'Casablanca', 'Gone with the Wind', 'Dr. Zhivago' and in it's comic way 'Moonstruck'. This film is cinematic Art. Every second of this film is a study in lighting (mindful of a Vermeer), costume, direction, and the score is lush, as opposed to over produced. Throughout we have a piano evoking every feeling, every desire and every longing on a summer's day, a walk through moors, a dance with delight as it soars with the love that is growing between Lizzie and Mr. D'Arcy. Every scene of this film has meaning; nothing is superfluous, and not a second is spent wasted in tedium. Keira Knightly is luminous, yet tactile, bright, sharp with wit, and vulnerable with adolescence. There are a couple of scenes with Mathew Macfayden which positively crackled on screen with such eroticism, such intense yet discrete sensuality that they linger in the mind. One is where he simply and surprisingly puts his hand under Lizzie's to assist her climbing onto a carriage. The touch is unexpected by her, and her look is one of offense, and passion simultaneously. It is just a brief part of a second, and yet as Mr. D'Arcy walks away, his hand opens and practically trembles from the electric shock of that skin on skin contact; a horse snorts as he walks quickly away from his assault: he HAD to touch her. The film is photographed to perfection, from  English countryside landscapes with birds singing in the trees, to the inner rooms of the Bennet household, alive with the frolic of having five girls in the housecreates. The characters are not stuffy recreations, but real people, and we relate to their relationships, and to their status and to their family life. It all leads up to a scene with Mr D'Arcy walking across the fog-misted moors before dawn to make an hopeful quest for Lizzi's heart. Mathew Macfayden seduces anybody who watches that scene, as the camera catches him from afar and stays right on him as he looms larger and clearer and dearer to Lizzie the closer he gets. One of the best, if not the best film of all time. A MUST SEE.
B0055SWM08|5.0|awesome puzzle game. great graphics. super sweet! this game is like a girl with an awesome rack and a kickin&apos; butt!
0739324489|4.0|This is my second Lisa Gardner book.  I really liked it alot.  I didn't give it 5 stars only because I give 5 stars to books that I really loved.  However, this was very enjoyable and does keep your interest all the way through.
B001V7UXG2|5.0|I watched Jeeves and Wooster on the telly many years ago, and had almost forgotten about it until a friend reminded me of the show. So I purchased the complete series (four seasons on eight discs), and just sat down to watch it. Its even funnier now then it was then.<br /><br />Hugh Laurie is superb as the eccentric (if he weren't rich they'd call him mad) Bertie Wooster, a rich layabout from a wealthy family full of maiden aunts who seem to be determined to marry him off. Stephen Fry is of course the unflappable and ingenious valet Jeeves, who can always be counted on to come up with a plan to save the day, even if he doesn't always tell Bertie about it until its all over.<br /><br />Then there's Bertie's somewhat mad friends, wealthy aristocratic sons and daughter, each one more mad then the last. Between them they could fill an insane asylum. And of course Aunt Agatha is always there, running rough shod over Bertie and ordering him around like a small child.<br /><br />Very funny.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Beautiful DVD to say the least.  Play this for my pets as well and they enjoy it as much as I do.  Would recommend this to everyone of all ages.
B000002J09|5.0|I'm biased because I love Led Zeppelin even on those days when my brain scrambles trying to spell 'zeppelin'. Let's just call them LZ for the sake of simplicity. Yeah, I love this album, who doesn't? Oh, that's right, 'a customer' seems to hate it. :-)    Honestly, I actually find the bad reviews more refreshing than the good ones because there are so many good ones and this album does get a little too much iconic treatment at times. It is only 8 (amazing) songs. But let's look at it's weaknesses.    I think in terms of musicality it's only real 'like it or hate it' aspect is Plant's voice. If you hate his voice then it's going to be pretty hard to accept the album, and his voice is inescapable. I feel that way about Radiohead. If I could get past the voice I know I'd love them but I can't. I'm sure people feel that way about the Pixies and Bjork as well (both I like quite a bit). I happen to enjoy Page's voice because I think he really means what he sings. I don't think he is ever phoning it in. It is squeeky and screechy but sometimes life feels that way, particularly when you haven't changed your brakes in 30K miles and you drive like I do.    Aside from that I can't see any holes, weakness or overindulgence by a band that came to dwell in overindulgence. Nothing drags on too long, nothing is plagerized to the point of hackiness, and no idea isn't left completely explored. It really is the band and rock music at it's best. I think it's only competition is LZ's II album. I know every LZ fan has their favorite but if we're comparing complete albums, song per song against one another I think II and IV are the two standouts that knock pretty much anything else out of the water. The only advantage I'd give to IV is that the band has had some time to really grow, explore and get comfortable in their own skin. This album isn't just a lucky shot, it's an intentional masterwork perfectly executed.    Is it the greatest album of all time? That's a childish question that only children argue over akin to 'Is strawberry ice cream the greatest flavor ever invented'. If all we had in music was one album by one band I would grow to hate this one but we don't and I certainly appreciate it. I would hope those who bash it might see it's only one thread on a much larger loom, but really a fantastic one that still sounds great today, provided you like the voice. Hehehehe.    Great album I'm always happy to have a listen to.
B004LWZW4M|2.0|*** This review may contain spoilers ***<br /><br />If you're willing to accept the basic premise of 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes', then clearly you'll have to suspend your disbelief. I was initially willing to do that because a true-life similar idea--the genetic modification in our food supply--is very much part of the public consciousness today. Is it that far off to suggest that in the near future, scientists might develop some kind of retrovirus that will alter the genetic makeup of advanced mammals, such as both chimps and humans alike? While the whole idea of chimps becoming intelligent as humans is far-fetched, the possibility still bears some relationship to a set of plausible, scientific ideas.<br /><br />In its simplistic way, 'Apes' is a cautionary tale that points to the limits of scientific knowledge. Will Rodman's retrovirus initially cures his father of Alzheimer's disease but eventually it proves to be a complete failure. Even worse, the virus ends up infecting all of humanity and the apes eventually take over. The desire for profits outweighs safety concerns involving scientific research. How many times have we seen that?<br /><br />Unfortunately, the suspension of one's disbelief happens one too many times throughout this film. Take for example the opening scene where the female chimpanzee 'Bright Eyes' goes on a rampage, in an attempt to protect her baby (later adopted by Rodman and named 'Caesar', consistent with the earlier Planet of the Ape storyline.) It's curious that none of the scientists at the laboratory noticed Bright Eyes was pregnant. More unbelievable is that Jacobs, Rodman's boss, doesn't fire him on the spot as he is responsible for Bright Eyes' mayhem and the obvious bad publicity engendered by the crazed chimpanzee's rampage.<br /><br />Another aspect of the film I had trouble accepting was that no one got wind of Caesar during the three years he was living with Rodman at his house. Given the chimp's growth and curiosity, I would have thought that Rodman and his girlfriend could have hardly kept him locked up in the house all that time. When they do go to see the Redwoods, at a major tourist spot, there are few people there and only one person there notes that a chimpanzee is present. I doubt Rodman would have escaped the scrutiny of a park ranger who could have easily been notified via cellphone by anyone horrified to see a chimpanzee being led around on a leash.<br /><br />Another awkward moment was the fight between the nasty neighbor and Rodman's Alzheimer's afflicted father. Why was the neighbor such a nasty character to begin with? Rodman could have easily took him aside when he moved in and mentioned that his father had Alzheimer's. That way he would not have reacted the way he did when the father got inside his car and started wrecking it!<br /><br />Perhaps the most unbelievable moments in the film is when Rodman's boss suddenly reverses his decision to fund Rodman's experiments a second time around. You remember how vehement he was in shutting the over eager neuroscientist down the first time around? Not only that, Jacobs made it quite clear that Rodman was in the doghouse since the Bright Eyes fiasco. But all of a sudden, he's willing to back him merely on Rodman's assertions that the retrovirus had worked on his father, temporarily!!! No proof whatsoever--Jacobs suddenly believes Rodman, merely upon his word and nothing else!<br /><br />'Apes' really goes 'ape' when Caesar 'sprays' his fellow simian crew and they now have the ability to break out of the primate facility where they've been imprisoned. How is it that the chimps and apes they release from the San Francisco Zoo (who were NOT sprayed with the virus) are able to join the team of intelligent simians, and successfully defeat their human opponents? In a big city such as San Francisco, it sure seemed like there were a lot more apes available for combat than would have been available in reality. And where was the Army for that matter? This would have been a major news event and certainly wouldn't have been left to the local police force. More incredible is that the simian rampage is never shown as a breaking news story in any media, local or national.<br /><br />It appears that the films' scenarists attempt to justify the 'revolt' of the apes as they are depicted as being victims of unethical scientists allied with rapacious businessmen as well as gamekeepers guilty of animal cruelty. Humans get short shrift here and only Rodman, his girlfriend and Rodman's temporarily aware Dad (sans the Alzheimers), appear to have some kind of moral conscience. In this light, one sees that most of the characters here are pretty one-dimensional.<br /><br />Finally, 'Apes' gets pretty lazy in finding a way to dispose of most of humanity, which will explain the rise of the simians. It's simply your basic 'contagion', where a virus leads to nosebleeds and the implied demise of millions. Somehow, I wanted something a little more clever than such a trite explanation explaining the end of humans' dominion over the animal kingdom.<br /><br />'Apes' does well in the CGI department and despite the hokey storyline, keeps your interest. Perhaps the best moments involve Rodman's bonding with Caesar as he grows up. I only wish the screenwriters tried to make things a bit more plausible. Even science fiction must have some credibility if it's going to work at all!t and certainly wouldn't have been left to the local police force. More incredible is that the simian rampage is never shown as a breaking news story in any media, local or national.    It appears that the films' scenarists attempt to justify the 'revolt' of the apes as they are depicted as being victims of unethical scientists allied with rapacious businessmen as well as gamekeepers guilty of animal cruelty. Humans get short shrift here and only Rodman, his girlfriend and Rodman's temporarily aware Dad (sans the Alzheimers), appear to have some kind of moral conscience. In this light, one sees that most of the characters here are pretty one-dimensional.    Finally, 'Apes' gets pretty lazy in finding a way to dispose of most of humanity, which will explain the rise of the simians. It's simply your basic 'contagion', where a virus leads to nosebleeds and the implied demise of millions. Somehow, I wanted something a little more clever than such a trite explanation explaining the end of humans' dominion over the animal kingdom.    'Apes' does well in the CGI department and despite the hokey storyline, keeps your interest. Perhaps the best moments involve Rodman's bonding with Caesar as he grows up. I only wish the screenwriters tried to make things a bit more plausible. Even science fiction must have some credibility if it's going to work at all!
B0025KVLUQ|5.0|Being a 80s born, I missed the whole Beatles era. I feel sorry for myself right now, because I've just listened to this album so so late,, seriously, after 40+years of its release.    Songs like Come Together sounds nothing dated after so many years.  Here comes the Sun is the most warmly optimistic song I've ever heard.  I can go on and on.    But it the medley in this album completely blew me away. I have no idea how they made it such strong impression that I felt like there was vivid image flowing rolling jumping in my mind, and everything came to a point they all sincerely waved goodbye to the world (I think it was when they started to sing BOY YOU ARE GONNA CARRY THAT WEIGHT, as if they all knew that was the end, and they would carry that weight after it), I literally teared up when the riff from Here Comes the Sun came in, building up an uplifting optimistic feel which reminded me the old days of Beatles,,,,,,,,,and eventually finished off with solo jam and the ultimate line IN THE END THE LOVE YOU TAKE IS EQUAL TO THE LOVE YOU MAKEcurtain down, for good.    What an experience.    I feel like I've walked down Abbey Road with all the fractures of memory which give me smile, give me pain. But be optimistic...    I've liked some of Beatles work. I like them. But now, after listening to Abbey Road, I've found new respect for them.
B005CMSDLE|2.0|I could not wait to see this movie the trailer looked so good. The idea of the moive reminded me of the \\"Proffesional\\" I hoped with more commitment to showing a young lady as a true killer. What we got was this confussing movie that showed this girl with the ability to kill and fight her \\"father\\" and special forces men but when placed in the real world her fights and kills are that of some just trained street fighter who has a hard time taking out some thug. She is confused by electricity but then has the ability to do web searches in an internet cafe. She has the super human ability to grab onto the under carriage of a fast moving humvee and hang on with out being seen.<br /><br />Now what about the plot holes what every happen to the family she was travelling with? Are you telling me the father in the artic circle took a long swim from there to the mainland? Why all the running? She ran around the prison she ran around the desert she ran around the freight yard, and she ran around the fairy tale park. For a trained killer she did a lot of running.<br /><br />I continued to watch the movie thinking something exciting would happen to bring the story that was paper thin together. Dead bodies where left all over the place with no police fall out. This move really lacked believeability.
B0012GMUOU|5.0|I've been a Jeff beck fan (and a musician) for a few decades. I've listened to pretty much all his publicly-released work. He is one of the top five influences on me as a listener and a musician (not going to name the rest... don't want to start an argument ;-)).<br /><br />With that said...<br /><br />Two major things:<br />Jeff Beck is a talented, forward-thinking, open-minded musician with lots of musical gifts and vision. He is still leaving indelible footprints on the world of music. Something interesting to consider - if you don't care too much about \\"Jeff\\" over (some other album)... Jeff's not stuck in the mold. He's not his own Jeff Beck tribute band! So many really great musicians are stuck in/with their style or a previous album or sound. Jeff makes music he wants to make - not just to fulfill a contract or to refine the same stuff over and over again.<br /><br />Secondly:<br />This album is fantastic. I love blues, rock, metal, house (and so many other electronically-influence forms), orchestral, meditative music, and so much more. I love the fact that somehow, he blends all these elements into a journey of songs that are rich, exciting (exciting except for the lovely, haunting, and lush \\"Bulgaria\\"). I've caught myself unconsciously running the RPMs in my car to the redline while listening to \\"So What?\\" and \\"Seasons.\\" Energy in sound.<br /><br />This album blends the talents of some pretty awesome people. As is his style, the music isn't about Jeff. It's about the music. Everyone plays together and paints a soundscape in this album. Jeff is super awesome in his style in this album, stretching lots of muscles and bending and blending genres. Somehow, even though Jeff Beck is a musical titan, it doesn't sound like one of those \\"I'm a great musician and I threw some people in the room to make some music in the background while I solo\\" types (are you reading this, Malmsteen? :-).<br /><br />Instead, the album is a tightly integrated set of sounds that are for those who are looking for edgy, sonically diverse music to get their brains moving like a hot rod.<br /><br />If you want the older Jeff stuff, there are plenty of albums and tunes that completely satisfy. If you're a musician and want to stretch out of the little box in which we all seem to be caught, listen to this album. Then listen to \\"You had it coming\\" and then \\"Emotion and commotion\\" so you can feel his journey.<br /><br />A+ Album. Not for those who want peaceful stuff (except \\"Bulgaria\\") and not for those who are looking for 12-bar blues and sounds-like-the-70s stuff...se music to get their brains moving like a hot rod.    If you want the older Jeff stuff, there are plenty of albums and tunes that completely satisfy. If you're a musician and want to stretch out of the little box in which we all seem to be caught, listen to this album. Then listen to \\"You had it coming\\" and then \\"Emotion and commotion\\" so you can feel his journey.    A+ Album. Not for those who want peaceful stuff (except \\"Bulgaria\\") and not for those who are looking for 12-bar blues and sounds-like-the-70s stuff...
B000W91RUG|5.0|Love them.  They're a riot.  Whoever would guess that geeky smart nerds could be so funny?  We're watching them at work on our lunch hour.  A great way to break up the day.
0545265355|5.0|Once you start reading, you can't put them down. This trilogy truly is amazing. Suzanne Collins is a phenomenal writer that knows how to keep your eyes glued to the pages and your imagination running with love and action.<br /><br />This is one of the best purchases I've ever made and I've never seen the box set cheaper than what they have here on Amazon.<br /><br />Buy the books, read the series, and you won't regret it.
B002JVWQSW|1.0|Somebody has to take 20th Century Fox to task for creating hassle ware. Every time you put this DVD into your player you will be assaulted with a barrage of commercials. EVERY TIME.
1401219268|5.0|The art work may be dated by todays standards of comics but the frames and action are well thought out. It communicates what it needs to. The story is one of the best I have read in a comic style. It has many layers to contemplate. And yes all the characters are flawed. It is about these people who are seen as heroes being caught up in the human condition. Even Dr.Manhattan cannot escape its hold though he tries. I think this book gets lots of criticism because it is rehashing philosophical points that are not new. It just spins them a different way. This variety is a good thing. If you disagree then Id ask you if you were Ok with eating the same thing for the rest of your life even if it was you favorite food.
0547260695|5.0|Bought this book for my kids after adoring \\"Le Petit Prince\\" when I was a kid.  The pop-ups are great - very inventive.  The story is fun, although a bit on the philosophical side, but love that it gets them thinking and asking questions:)
140120841X|5.0|fantastic Original story. nothing like it.Art work is dated but the story is timeless. People and societies change and not always forward in their thinking. In our last hundred years of historical wars that were almost all started with a fake incident being the catalist I find this story hauntingly true in its possibility.
B004XQO90O|5.0|I hadn't seen any previews on the movie so didn't know what to expect, had just heard it was \\"good\\".  I was pleasantly surprised to say the least. Jake Gyllenhaal is excellent, carries the movie well as the headline star, and the story line is original. Well worth watching if you're looking for something different, and I give the thumbs up review.
B004DMNT2W|4.0|This case provides a roomy, sturdy compartment for carrying most standard-sized camcorders - the inside dimensions are 3.1\\" W x 3.3\\" D x 5.9\\" H - I use the case most often for a Japanese \\"Flip\\" style camera.  But the thing I like best is that the case comes with a lot of flexibility in carrying options.  Depending on whether I'm going to a family function or riding elephants in Thailand there are a variety of places in a variety of climate or weather conditions where I might want a video camera along, and this case holds the camera firmly in place (an elastic strap holds the camera inside when you're unzipping it so the camera doesn't come tumbling out.)<br /><br />If you've gone to the expense of getting a worthwhile camera, why not make sure you have a secure and easy way to carry it?
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|I am a virgin to Jane Eyre, having never read the Charlotte Bront novel nor seen any of the multitudes of cinematic adaptations that were bore from it. Counting only the adaptations that share the same name, this 2011 version is the tenth film based on the novel, although several of the early ones are lost to time. This latest vision boasts a California-born director and an Australian and a German in the lead roles. Not the most likely people you'd expect for the adaptation of a thoroughly English novel, but once the film begins it quickly becomes irrelevant. It's with sadness that I realize how long I was unaware of the greatness of Jane Eyre, but with glee that it took this film to open my eyes.     For many, the plot of Jane Eyre may be a product of common sense rather than acquired knowledge, but I confess that I knew very little before endeavoring to watch it. For those like me, I'll attempt to keep elements of the plot brief so as to not spoil anything. The film opens with the present Jane Eyre (played by Mia Wasikowska) and allows the core of the story to unfold in flashback. Jane grows up an orphan, raised by her cruel aunt (Sally Hawkins) and is eventually sent to Lowood, a charity school for girls, with a rigidly sadistic faculty. Once she leaves Lowood Jane is invited by the sprawling, isolated manor Thornfield Hall. Thornfield Hall's housekeeper Mrs. Fairfax (Judi Dench) offers Jane a job as a governess over the master's ward, a young French girl named Adele. The mysterious master is Edward Rochester (Michael Fassbender), who, after a short time, reveals himself at the manor. Despite his position as master and Jane's position as subordinate, the two strike up a rapport as equals despite there being something markedly sinister about Mr. Rochester.     Jane Eyre is directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga, whose film debut, the Spanish-language Sin Nombre, was released to great acclaim in 2009. A Californian director of Japanese and Swedish descent may not be theobvious choice for this adaptation, but his direction is flawless. From the fade in, Fukunaga instantly captures the tone with a perfect dreary, gloomy look that creates the most effective kind of cinematic atmosphere. To simply label Jane Eyre atmospheric is to understate its effectiveness. It's enveloping and evocative, gaining your complete attention with its affirmed stranglehold on the essence of Gothic Romance.     A period drama typically emphasizes tone and character over simple narrative and with performances that are nothing short of hypnotic, this is no exception. Wasikowska is flawless as the title character, appropriately vulnerable but with a commanding sense of confidence. After rising to prominence in the billion-dollar hit Alice in Wonderland, she has steadily made her mark as an actress in much smaller films. She has the fame, but she seems determined to get the respect and thus far she's succeeding admirably. Michael Fassbender has also appeared in small, yet consistently great, films while flirting cautiously with the mainstream. Here, as in other roles, he has almost radioactive presence. When Rochester appears, he's not a suave, charming fellow but a blunt, formal, and stern man. Simultaneously, he does possess an intense, almost frightening, animal magnetism as well. Together, Wasikowska and Fassbender are fluent in the poetry of the dialogue and speak it with great fervor. Their performances are fascinating to watch and both have a command over the screen whenever they grace it with their presence. Meanwhile, Dame Judi Dench provides a quiet austerity to her role and gives a quiet performance that is no less impressive than her co-stars. Sally Hawkins, who has seemed incapable of playing a role without a distinct vibrant giddiness, proves that she can indeed inhabit a wretched character. The performances are more than Oscar-worthy, but due to how early Jane Eyre was released in 2011 it will likely be overlooked come voting time. Hopefully theAcademy will avoid such a tragedy and keep this film in the forefront of their mind.    Elegantly is the only adverb that springs to mind when describing how this film was made. The subtle foreboding of the art direction by Karl Probert, the beauty of the cinematography by Adriano Goldman, the lovely music by Dario Marianelli that quietly accentuates each scene, and the complete control over visual style and consistency of tone that comes from director Fukunaga. The film, for two of the five senses, is a beauty to behold. Absolutely dripping with atmosphere, Jane Eyre is one of the best films of the year. A great story, marvelously told, expertly made, and beautifully acted. A gorgeous, compelling period drama that is completely accessible to a modern audience without ever trying to be.    GRADE: A
B00000634J|5.0|This is the best single disc collection you are ever going to find of John Lennon's solo work - it has all the well loved hits and then some more stuff. Note the songs refered to as more stuff are the ones that, as a proud radio addict, I never can recall hearing before I purchased this...it doesn't mean they are not good songs, I'm just saying that I've never heard of their existence, up until now. The quality of these recordings is clear and clean, with no stupid buzzing or clicking in the background. The slip thing has some nice photos and details on the songs in this collection...no included lyrics but, it's fine. This is the one greatest hits compilation all Lennon fans will find satisfactory, for sure. As a last note: there are no Beatles songs on here, it's all solo songs.
B003L77GRO|4.0|I enjoy the Dexter series but have 2 issues with Season 5.  1:  No subtitles?  That is a problem.  2:  With the disc in my computer I still cannot find the bonus feature \\"Reflecting on Season Five: Julia Stiles\\".  Is it there and I just can't find it?
B000EQ47GS|5.0|This is not a greatest hits collection. It is the 1976 debut album, by the progressive blues band Boston. This is the only anything that you ever really need, by Boston - it has all the good songs they ever made. Which in a way, is really kind of sad but, it's just my way of telling you good people, how awesome this disc actually is so, if you all like the music of the '70s, you pretty much know these songs, whether you are aware of them, or not - and you pretty much need this album ASAP!!!
B003NTMREM|3.0|As a child who spent her spare time fantasizing about being tied up and then being rescued by Tom Baker --Dr. Who-- I was ambivalent about seeing this series. Took me a few years to take a peek. I'm real picky about my Time Lords. Maybe that why I dig Jack and his motley crew. He's not quite a Time Lord yet, just another schmuck caught in a bizarre loop of cosmic wonder while carnage and Armageddon storm down a shadowy alley. They get rid of narcissus-lizard Owen, which is an improvement, but they also get rid of Sato, not so great. But Jack is still around, and his maddeningly perfect features make up for his maddeningly perfect features. Gwen evolves from curious imp into bossy denmother, and sadly the sexual tension between her and Jack is put on the back burner because of faulty contraceptives. But Torchwood: Miracle Day promises more of the same but with palm trees and probably American guest stars.<br />My absolute favorite parts of Torchwood are the graphics and the theme music. The opening theme has got great spooky vocals, the closing theme is this amazing eclectic mash-up that uses elements of the original Dr. Who theme. But the show is OK. They work with a time rift that lets in the flotsam and jetsam of our interdimensional multiuniverses. Aliens and crap. Did I not mention that part?
B00003CXA6|2.0|Many have commented on the historical accuracy of this film.  While the timing of these events themselves may be accurate, i.e., the first days fight, Little Round Top, and Longstreet's Assault (what most call \\"Pickett's Charge), the accuracy of the actual battle sequences leaves much to be desired.  For example, in one scene, Lee is seen riding with several staff members and subordinates and says, \\"To all commanders attack.\\"  This would have taken place during the very late morning or just after noon.  The next scene shows the death of Union General John Reynolds.  Reynolds was shot very early in the mornings fight, long before Rodes' division arrived on the field and the afternoon attacks occured.  Later, Tom Chamberlain is talking with some Confederate prisoners.  First the prisoner says he's from Tennessee, Archer's brigade.  He then says he was captured in the Railroad Cut.  Anyone with even a minimal knowledge of the battle knows it was Joe Davis's Mississippians who were engaged in the RR Cut, Archer's Tennesseans were on the south side of the Chambersberg Pike in McPherson's Woods fighting the Iron Brigade.  And one last inaccuracy I will point out (although there are many others) is Chamberlain and the 20th Maine.  Did they fight valiantly? Yes! Did they save the Union army?  Alone, definately NO!!  They had a large part, but much other valiant fighting occured on Little Round Top.  Also, the famous bayonet charge is way overblown.  Col. William Oates stated he was on the verge of pulling back after 3 hard charges up the hill.  The Alabamians were not making another charge up the hill when the 20th charged down the hill.  Chamberlain led the 20th gallantly, and was an important part of the defense, but other commanders knew how to \\"refuse the line\\" and order \\"counter charges\\"; it was pretty basic tactics and any good colonel would have done the same.    I enjoy the movie as a Civil War movie and love watching it for entertainment.  However, if it's historical accuracy you want, there are many excellent books out there to read.  For history read \\"Gettysburg: The First Day\\"; \\"Gettysburg: The Second Day\\"; \\"Gettysburg: Culp's Hill and Cemetary Hill\\", all by Harry Pfanz.  \\"Picketts Charge\\" by George Stewart is excellent and the reason Pfanz never bothered covering the subject.  And finally, the entire battle is covered very well in books by Stephen Sears and Noah Andre Trudeau.  For Little Round Top see, \\"Stand Firm Ye Boys from Maine\\" by Thomas Desjardin for the 20th Maines action, and/or \\"Twilight at Little Round Top\\" by Glenn W. LaFantasie for the entire action on Little Round Top.    I am open to comments if I am wrong on these observations, but the extensive reading I've done and battlefield tours with Licensed Battlefield Guides (3 hours at Little Round Top) form the basis of observations.    Harold Killinger
0553801473|4.0|So, after a long wait the fifth installment of the series is here. Like me, many other fans of the series were eagerly waiting for it. Therefore, the first big question is...'is it worth the wait?'.  For me it is.  I re-read the entire series before I start reading the fifth part and I can say that at the end of the day...the fifth installment is fairly good.  Though, I agree with some of the reviewer that a little bit of editing here and there could have made it even better.  Particularly, the place where Tyrion and his companions were travelling through Free cities.  There were also other places where the story didn't move as fast as one might expect.  I feel this book is sort of the build up before the final push.....the calmness before the storm (or we can say winter).  That is my believe.  I don't know at the end of the day what GRRM is thinking, but I trust him and believe we are up for something very special in the concluding two parts of the series.  Happy reading everybody.
0312370849|4.0|Reading \\"Sarah's Key\\" was an eye-opener for me. I personally had never heard about the Vel d'Hiv, and the atrocities endured by the French Jews at the time. I was close to tears a number of times while reading about the horrible things the Jewish people in France endured during the war... the kinds of things that turn a happy-go-lucky little girl into a somber, grief-stricken woman. That put a world-weary woman's eyes in a little girl's body. I'm glad that someone took the initiative to bring this part of history to light, despite all the people who may want to forget.     The book is well-written. I liked the back-and-forth between the modern day woman's life and the girl's during the war, and the way their lives, many decades later, become intertwined.     Zakhor. Al Tichkah.    I know I won't ever forget. Not after reading this book.
0553801473|5.0|I've just started reading this book and recently finished the others in the series.  I loved each and every book up until this point and I have no doubt that I will enjoy the latest in the series as well.<br /><br />For those of you out here that are complaining about this and that, and how long it takes for GRRM to organize plot or character roles, or the content of his books.  Really whatever reason your complaining is pointless.  As soon as he releases the follow up to Dances, you will be one of the first to buy it.  In fact, you will more than likely pre-order it here on Amazon!!!  Lets not forget those of you that don't buy books, you just go to the library and will wait for months to check it out.  So, all of you that complain will regardless of how angry you are, or how hard you type and try your best to sound educated will continue trying to get inside the mind of GRRM when it comes to writing and methods. LOL, you know your going to complain and whine, but that is fine.  I find it amusing and a great deal of fun seeing how many people get so wrapped up in a BOOK!!<br /><br />Not that I'm getting of my stump, I want to conclude by saying that GRRM is superb and I love the writing and the plot build up and especially the whores,,,keep em coming GRRM!!!
B002KRFND0|5.0|I recently began collecting the Barnes and Noble Leatherbound Classics, and \\"The Complete Sherlock Holmes\\" was one of the first volumes I purchased. I think it is of excellent quality. The cover is beautifully done, with renderings of Sherlock Holmes and various associated items etched into the leather in coordinating colors. I like the traditional attached ribbon bookmark. My only complaint is that the gilded-edged pages tend to wear quite easily; even from gentle handling while reading, the gold has come off in places along the bottom and side.     The stories are excellent. I truly enjoyed every single one, and often found myself thinking, \\"Okay, this will be the last one for the night...\\" and then I had to read another. I did not find any major typos during my reading. All in all, a great value for the money spent.
0321687299|1.0|What should be an easy topic to describe in a succinct and consistent fashion, the authors find a way to obscure and belabor by being coy and silly. They purposely suggest you violate syntactic rules of html5 in an example because you can get away with it, but then they admonish you for doing so. They admit that the book is not a reference manual because it's not complete. They also admit that it's not consistent in style because there are two authors (who apparently are not sufficiently disciplined to work together). Worse, they use inappropriate street language in their commentary, which I find disrespectful and embarrassing. I could never use this book to instruct my grand kids! I finally returned the book for a refund.    There must be a better book on html5, otherwise why bother with it.
B0041L0Z1S|5.0|As indicated in the title of my review, customers are charged per episode to view the series, so this is not for the entire movie. The production itself is superior, and I rate it five stars.<br /><br />Being an avid Jane Austen fan, I have watched every single adaptation of Emma (as well as Austen's other works). The older 1972 BBC adaptation, Emma (BBC, 1972) was quite tepid and the lead actress was not very inspiring in her role, lacking the upbeat, and sunny disposition that one associates with Austen's character. Then there was the A&E version starring Kate Beckinsale in the title role, in Emma (A&E, 1997) which though much better than the 1972 version (which also suffered from inferior production qualities), was still not the best adaptation. Finally, there was the movie version of \\"Emma\\" starring Gwyneth Paltrow, and until this current adaptation, this was actually my personal favorite (even though I personally found Paltrow's accent rather stilted)- it was a gorgeous movie with beautiful cinematography and the chemistry between Emma (Paltrow) and Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam) was simply wonderful and altogether credible.<br /><br />This is truly a stellar production in terms of casting, and production qualities. The title role of Emma is credibly portrayed by Romola Garai, who has also been in other notable productions such as I Capture the Castle,and Daniel Deronda. She is perfectly cast - luminously beautiful, snooty, a busybody matchmaker wannabe who feels self-justified in her quest to pair off couples regardless of their own wishes, and yet possessing of a warm and sunny disposition. Romola Garai convincingly portrays all of Emma's characteristics - both her lovable and annoying qualities, her immaturity and impetuousness, and also shows her ability to transform from a self-centered immature young girl into a mature woman who realizes her flaws.<br /><br />The other lead is of course Mr. Knightley, and he is also convincingly portrayed by Johnny Lee Miller, who had portrayed Edmund Bertram in the 1999 movie adaptation of \\"Mansfield Park\\"Mansfield Park (1999) which was rather reviled by critics and purists alike for its liberal adaptation of Austen's classic. Miller was also excellent as Lord Byron in Byron.I was quite concerned initially because I had always thought Jeremy Northam's portrayal of Knightley to be the best thus far, but Miller comes close, and in fact brings a new interpretation to the character that I really appreciated. There is this one scene in the series where Emma invites Knightley to dance, and as they dance...viewers get the sense that these are two individuals who are gradually realizing their real chemistry, not just as childhood friends and relatives-in-law, but as true soulmates. It is definitely one of the most romantic parts of the series and a highlight!<br /><br />The other characters are also generally well-cast - Mr. Woodhouse is played to delightful effect by Michael Gambon (aka Dumbledore in the Harry Potter movie franchise); Harriet Smith is portrayed by Louise Dylan (though I still prefer Toni Collette's portrayal of Harriet in the movie version); the talented Jodhi May plays Emma's governess turned Mrs Weston (Jodhi May is a veteran of BBC productions and Henry James' The Turn of the Screw, The Other Boleyn Girl (2003 BBC Version), as well as others, including the coincidence that she was also in Daniel Deronda cast as the Jewess Mirah Lapidoth who attracts the attentions of Daniel Deronda, showcase her diverse acting talent); Frank Churchill is portrayed by Rupert Evans and I must say this particular adaptation portrays Frank Churchill in a thoroughly unflattering light - the man is simply infuriating, and gives Mr. Elton a run for his money! Mr. Elton is played by Blake Ritson who recently portrayed Edmund Bertram in Masterpiece Theatre: Mansfield Park.<br /><br />The cinematography is excellent, capturing the beauty of the lush English countryside through the seasons, and the score is memorable (I still cannot get the music from the Emma-Knightley dance out of my mind!). The costumes are gorgeous - simple in their beauty, yet detailed and period-accurate, and the other production qualities are impeccable (the English manor houses picked for the various residences such as Hartfield etc are well-chosen).<br /><br />Austen purists might take issue with some of the liberties taken here - the way the characters are portrayed, missing dialogue, the sequencing of certain story arcs, etc - but I still loved this adaptation - it is sunny, and bright, and all that I love in an Austen adaptation, and it is certainly my favorite adaptation of \\"Emma\\" thus far!et the music from the Emma-Knightley dance out of my mind!). The costumes are gorgeous - simple in their beauty, yet detailed and period-accurate, and the other production qualities are impeccable (the English manor houses picked for the various residences such as Hartfield etc are well-chosen).    Austen purists might take issue with some of the liberties taken here - the way the characters are portrayed, missing dialogue, the sequencing of certain story arcs, etc - but I still loved this adaptation - it is sunny, and bright, and all that I love in an Austen adaptation, and it is certainly my favorite adaptation of \\"Emma\\" thus far!
0553801473|4.0|Just finished ADWD, after first re-reading the previous 4 volumes in this series.  I understand, but respectfully disagree with, the frustration and low ratings expressed by many readers.  I think they're focused overmuch on forward movement in the plot, and not enough on the rich panoply of characters, political intrigue, sorcery, religion, moral choices, and culture that GRRM serves up here.<br /><br />That said, many of the newish characters (Griff, Frog, the clansmen, the dozen mercenary captains, the dozens of Mereenese and Yunkishmen) failed to register as strongly and memorably as our old favorites -- Jon, Arya, Daenerys, Jaime.  There were some good new perspectives from old characters such as Melisandre and Barristan.<br /><br />If one keeps in mind that this and its predecessor volume are esentially contemporaneous, then in fact there is a good deal of forward movement in the plot, and compelling set-ups for the action to come.<br /><br />Yes, GRRM overuses certain phrases (\\"a man grown\\"), but in a book of 900+ pages, I can forgive that, especially when it's offset by some beautiful descriptive writing and tight dialogue.<br /><br />My main reason for 4 instead of 5 stars was that there's about 300 pages too many of Slaver's Bay intrigue, much of which involved characters that were hard to keep straight.
B000FJGWBC|4.0|We all know that Jessica Alba is hot. And I admit buying this based on the review that the best part was watching her swim in a bikini. But there were only seconds of that, and the movie stands on its own pretty well as the old \\"treasure hunt gone bad\\" story.
B004INNRFK|5.0|Hello Amazon. Com:       This is the BEST DVD/CD Combo from David Foster I purchased. It's worth your money and time. Enjoy.     ernest747
B0051GY0LS|1.0|Judge the dog is the most exciting  character in the book. An aimless plot .  Has none of the intrigue of Grisham's   normal books.
B005AUWY90|4.0|Not sure why all the bashing of this movie? While the story line is not up to the standards set by the original and some of the plot devises are a bit contrived this movie is still visually stunning and action packed from beginning to end. It's much more entertaining than 75% of the crap out there. We enjoyed seeing it when it was in the theaters and look forward to buying the Blu-ray when it is published.
B003DZX44I|5.0|Everyone has a favorite Disney film. You know, the one you saw at one point in your life and stuck with you forever. Not to mention that there so many classics to choose from. For me that film is Beauty and the Beast. I start with that because if while reading this, I wax poetic about how this is the best of the Disney films and a work of genius while the reader is thinking \\"Well, its not Fantasia (or insert your favorite here) but its not bad.\\" Please understand that the film is very close to my heart so it is hard for me to be objective.<br /><br />The first and only hand animated film to be nominated for a best picture Academy Award, Beauty and the Beast is a major departure from the classic Disney formula, at least where the Disney Princesses are concerned. Belle is not your run of the mill damsel in distress, waiting to be saved by Prince Charming. While the setting of the film seems from a long time ago, this is a firmly modern main character, especially for a woman. Everything is turned on its head. Belle reads and thinks (a bad thing according to the villain in the film) and in her notion of marriage the relationship should be emotionally and intellectually stimulating. Not to mention equality. Not 20 minutes into the film our heroine makes a very hard act of self sacrifice to save her father (as opposed to fathers helping their daughters in other films, if they are there at all) and not long after that gets in trouble for her curiosity rather than her beauty (which is usually what gets princesses into trouble).<br /><br />Her relationship with the Beast doesn't exactly \\"click\\" from the get go. They argue and fight (some of the best moments in the film)and while Beast does save her life at one point. It is Belle who saves him in the end, again turning a stereotype on its head. Of course, you can't get away with all these changes in tradition without something \\"Disney\\" to anchor the film and all this drama. The Fantasy element is very much present. Every secondary character that lives in the Beast's castle is some sort of stationary object. And you can't talk about a film like this and not mention the score and music that goes with it. The songs are all memorable in the best Disney tradition but the score, in my opinion, is one of the best ever by Disney. It perfectly complements the darkness of film. (Who would ever think you could use darkness and Disney in the same anything.)<br /><br />Disney has so far done an outstanding job releasing its back catalog into Blu-Ray. The transfers so far have been pretty much perfect and this film is no exception. The colors look amazing and the detail is so remarkable that if you look closely you can see the pencil strokes in the drawn characters beneath the ink. It is that good. The only thing missing from this release is a digital copy. I'm having a hard time understanding the logic behind Disney's combo packs. Some include the digital copy, some don't. A little bit of consistency (preferably in the \\"included digital copy\\" department) would be greatly appreciated.<br /><br />In closing, this is a must have release if you are a fan of Disney films. It is an incredible film. The transfer is awesome. The bonus features are plentiful. Despite lacking the digital copy, I highly recommend this release.that lives in the Beast's castle is some sort of stationary object. And you can't talk about a film like this and not mention the score and music that goes with it. The songs are all memorable in the best Disney tradition but the score, in my opinion, is one of the best ever by Disney. It perfectly complements the darkness of film. (Who would ever think you could use darkness and Disney in the same anything.)    Disney has so far done an outstanding job releasing its back catalog into Blu-Ray. The transfers so far have been pretty much perfect and this film is no exception. The colors look amazing and the detail is so remarkable that if you look closely you can see the pencil strokes in the drawn characters beneath the ink. It is that good. The only thing missing from this release is a digital copy. I'm having a hard time understanding the logic behind Disney's combo packs. Some include the digital copy, some don't. A little bit of consistency (preferably in the \\"included digital copy\\" department) would be greatly appreciated.    In closing, this is a must have release if you are a fan of Disney films. It is an incredible film. The transfer is awesome. The bonus features are plentiful. Despite lacking the digital copy, I highly recommend this release.
0316098329|5.0|I thought this book was compelling. I'm hard to please when it comes to books but this story was well written and I couldn't get enough. I hated to see it end. I hit he middle of the book and my heart was pounding and I was so nervous and I had to put it down...I brought it to work with me the next day because I HAD to finish it! I've recommended it to sooo  many people. It is an amazing story inspired by a real life event. I highly recommend this book to everyone. There is some sadness in it and you want to punch some of the characters in the face but you will fall in love with Jack and your heart will go out to him. READ IT!
B004V2S4SS|5.0|Medium is one of he best shows on TV in the last 10 years. But ...    The dialog between Allison and Joe, and Lee, and Manuel really get tedious and repetitious.  You'd think that by 7 years, the response to Allison's insights would evolve, but no.    And Allison herself -- not too bright. First, fails to realize even after 7 years that the  first dream never has enough info to act on, and second never learns that simply staying  asleep is the best way to get more.  I commend Patricia on how many ways she can wake up suddenly for the commercial cut.  But really, after all that experience, wouldn't she learn to just stay asleep?    What I like best about this show is the lead-in to each episode. Almost without exception over 7 years, each show starts out in a new and interesting way.  WARNING: Although this seems to be a family-oriented show, the content is often upsetting or disturbing to watch.
B000E97HIA|5.0|OMG!!! I know everyone views Musicology as his comeback, truthfully, he never left. He was just doing what he does. his music on his terms. So lets talk jams, yes, jams!! Title track funky and fun, Lolita pure fun. Satisfied, sexy . My fave on the album..Love!!! I could play that song 20 times back to back and never get tired. I feel this album was largely ignored by the public at large, they acted as if he lost his touch. I think this album will prove he didn't.
B004XJHBCE|5.0|It took me a bit to figure everything out but once I did it fills a void that should have been included natively.  This app should definately be included in your top 10 apps list.
1451629184|5.0|This is one of those stories no one wants to think about,   let alone read it straight from the victim it happened to...  However, a family member in law enforcement had carried Jaycee's  photo for 10 years in hopes of finding her...  it made this person a thorough investigator who didn't hesitate to  inspect, question & pursue a \\"person of interest\\".  The book was passed on to symbolize that persisting was the right  thing to do, as Jaycee was alive & waiting to be found all along...  We can endure some horrific things if we have \\"hope\\"...
B003Y5H53S|4.0|Pretty good movie, but a little over the head for the child I got it for. Her mommy loves it though.
0897500482|5.0|This book is great for Martial artists and Bruce Lee fans. It shows his philosophy, training, qualities a fighter needs such as good form, endurance, balance, power, precision etc. It shows his notes on JKD, those that were meant for people who wanted to learn, and some that were jotted down for himself. This book has great information, every martial artist or martial art enthusiast should add this to their personal library, I highly recommend this book.    As Bruce Lee said JKD isn't a style, it has no end. You should take what is useful to you in this book and add other views, or martial arts that is also useful to you. For example an mma fighter will have no use for throat hits, eye gouges, and low blows, where a person simply looking to defend oneself will find them useful.
B002ZG99CC|2.0|Two questions arise while watching the 2010 version of \\"The Karate Kid\\": #1) Why is anyone remaking a film that is only twenty-six years old, that has been readily available on video for decades, and that has no special effects that might be improved by contemporary CGI technology? And #2) Why is any version of \\"The Karate Kid\\" allowed to run for 140 minutes?! I've seen toga-wrapped historical epics that didn't take this long to tell their stories.<br /><br />Though the setting has been moved from the San Fernando Valley to Beijing, it's still the same old hooey about the puny, put-upon newcomer who receives lessons in self-defense, discipline and life from an inscrutable maintenance man who just happens to be a kung fu master. I guess the Chinese setting is supposed to work to legitimize the two-bit philosophizing that pours forth in endless fashion from this unpolished Henry Higgins, but it also makes this simple tale much more pretentious in the long run - Dre's photogenically performing his martial arts moves on the top of the Great Wall of China being the prime example of that.<br /><br />Jaden Smith, son of Will Smith and co-star of \\"The Pursuit of Happyness,\\" plays the twelve-year-old who moves from Detroit to China with his mother shortly after the death of his father. Indeed, the young Smith is probably the only decent thing in the movie. He manages to be both lively and likable without coming across as cutesy and cloying. After Dre immediately falls victim to the local bullies, he seeks help from Mr. Han, the handyman in the apartment where he lives. There's really no point in reiterating any more of the plot, since everyone knows it already, because, even if you haven't seen the actual original, you surely know it by instinct.<br /><br />As the wise but taciturn Mr. Han, Jackie Chan brings nowhere near the humor or charm to the role that the scene-stealing Pat Morita did when it was known as Mr. Miyagi.<br /><br />It's true that the scenery here is a little more impressive than what one finds in Reseda, but that's not enough to justify the time and money spent on this musty, overlong and wholly unnecessary remake.one finds in Reseda, but that's not enough to justify the time and money spent on this musty, overlong and wholly unnecessary remake.
055357342X|5.0|This 3rd installment rivals the 1st book- unreal the turns and twists.  I find myself wishing for 20 books in the series...what a ride Mr. Martin is giving us all.  How will we all fare when the series ends? What will be gravitate to?  I am not looking forward to the conclusion of this series at all- he could seriously continue for years as his imagination and writing style (great character development and attention to detail) are unmatched.  Makes all those other books out there not worth the money.
0140544518|5.0|Read this when I was little and loved it and now read it to our son. At first he kept saying \\"That's not how the story goes\\" and at the end he doesn't like how the pigs are so mean the the wolf for just wanting some baking materials. I love the \\"other perspective\\" of the story line and how it lets him look at it from a different point-of-view. Definitely not the story we grew up with! :)
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Got this from a dear friend as a gift. I devoured the entire series in less than a week. I'm going to hit 40 next year, and I have always been an avid reader. I can tell you this is one of the best series I have ever read. Hands down. Phenomenal.
B0000019PA|5.0|This is the greatest album you will ever listen to. If this doesn't get you staining mountains by \\"Holland, 1945,\\" then it's probably time to stop listening to music.
B002BWP4A6|4.0|I watched this movie thinking this would be a good movie to show a class of German II sudents.  The subtitle is, afterall, a \\"German Children's story\\" and I wouldn't worry too much about too much violence, gratuitous sex or vulgarities. I was wrong.  What is depicted here is much worse with the inuendoes and implications and is best left for a more advanced college German class due to the subject matter.<br /><br />This is a good movie, though when seen as a whole.  A small German village is repressed by its own people, run by cruel and demanding patriarchs who control the women and children and handicapped.  A lot of cruel things happen to the villagers here and no one is innocent in the long run as the fear is morphed into a secretive society determined to commit vengeful reprisals on those who have repressed them.  Critics say this movie depicts the kind of society that later embraced National Socialism.  I can see the connection here, yet I also don't feel sympathy for those who later become the abusers.<br /><br />The acting and directing of this movie is very good.  However, this is a slow-paced movie that requires an open and tolerant mind.  Its effect will haunt you.
B0001I561E|5.0|Great deal. Cheaper than all other places I found. I have no complaints. I would do business with them again.
B000P5FH3K|1.0|I have not seen the DVD. I have only seen the movie on Belgian TV. This review will review the actual movie, not the DVD and all of its features.<br /><br />I have read the book that John Grisham wrote. And I liked it a lot. The I saw the movie and it disappointed me, even more so when I saw the director was Francis Ford Coppola.<br />What is disappointing in the movie is that although it follows the book fairly closely, a lot of background info that the book gives is absent in the movie, and makes the movie story much more incomprehensible. I doubt if people who have not read the book will fully understand everything that happens in the movie.<br />Danny DeVito was also the wrong actor to cast for the role of Deck Schifflet. DeVito is a great actor, but in this movie he was too much of a goody two shoes person and did not resemble the Deck Schifflet described in the book.
B003O86FMW|5.0|Got this from a dear friend as a gift. I devoured the entire series in less than a week. I'm going to hit 40 next year, and I have always been an avid reader. I can tell you this is one of the best series I have ever read. Hands down. Phenomenal.
1576754227|5.0|Need to get things done and you are always distracted?  This book is for you.  Eat That Frog is a very easy and quick read (4 hours for me).  So many tips are packed into this tiny book.  The writer makes getting organized so easy.  Make a list of what you need to do the next day.  Prioritize your list with most important items to be done first.  Do your hardest or least pleasant tasks first and the rest will fall into place and you will check everything off your list.  Awesome!  Already practicing what the book suggests and I'm getting mounds of work accomplished.  Thank you Thank you, great book.  Everyone should read it.
076790592X|5.0|Tuesdays With Morrie is a highly-praised non-fiction book, and there is a plethora of reasons for that praise. One, of course, is that the book deals with the challenging subject of the deterioration of physical life, and, finally, death without shying away. Another is that the book invites readers into an intimate relationship, one characterized by unusual warmth and reassuring comfort in a scary situation. But this is a book, after all, and its motive and message are only as good as its writing makeup.<br /><br />This book is about a man named Mitch and his one-of-a-kind college professor, Morrie Schwartz, who reconnect after sixteen years. Mitch visits his old professor, only to see that he is running the last leg of his life, ill with a condition called Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, or Lou Gehrig's disease. Mitch is initially scared and saddened by this news, but he nevertheless visits Morrie every Tuesday unfailingly, learning more about the mind inside the man. During these visits, Morrie teaches the final course of his life - lessons about life and death. These lessons are recounted in the short book, Tuesday by Tuesday, story by story, and are written in the most candid and heartfelt way possible. As a book, Tuesdays With Morrie is a stand-out. The minimal description is powerful; the unaltered conversations are beautiful. Readers are able to dive into the mind of a man who is not in any way ordinary in his outlook towards death. Morrie is a realized figure passing on his words of wisdom, up until the last breath.<br /><br />This book elicits such emotion from its readers; I could feel every tear rolling down my face and soaked up each little story like a sponge. I became a part of that classroom with this book in my hands, and it really changed my life. Tuesdays With Morrie is something that cannot be judged as a book, because it is Morrie standing in front of us in words. It is honestly one of the best reads you will find, and you can be a part of this class at any age.
0553801473|2.0|Do you know anybody like that? Talks a lot with bad breath?  They can be annoying...reading this was like that.<br /><br />I don't usually write reviews, but I'm really disappointed after finishing this.  I had hoped the problems that I noticed in the fourth book would be one-offs and Mr. Martin would be back into his old form (that we had in books 1-3).  Unfortunately that is not the case.  This suffers from some of the same issues and it actually seems to be getting worse in some respects.  The problems I have with this latest book are as follows:<br /><br />1.  One of the biggest things for me is the repetition of certain phrases that were never present before in the setting.  Examples:  \\"much and more\\", \\"little and less\\", and the newest one \\"words are wind\\".  I would be completely fine with these phrases if they were presented as some kind of Essos regional vernacular, but they are not.  Ever since book four, the first two phrases are popping up (seemingly) on every character's lips, all over the world at the same time, when they have never said them before. Also, \\"you know nothing\\" or the new one, \\"where do whores go\\", over and over again...not as bad, because it's just one character using this, but still...ugh!  The editor should have nipped this thing in the bud early.<br /><br />2.  Way too much detail on mundane aspects of everyday life.  I don't want to read paragraphs about what type of food the characters are eating (unless it has some impact on the story) or the drudgery of travel, as it might have been, in the middle ages.  This is, again, something new that has cropped up in the last two books.<br /><br />3.  There also seems to be a new fixation on waste, whether it's a character talking/thinking/seeing \\"nightsoil\\" or, and this one really bugged me, \\"shaking off the last drop\\"...really!?  Sorry, but I don't appreciate that image more than once (and even once, not really).<br /><br />These are all just things that rip me out of the story as I'm happily reading along (well, maybe not happily after book four).<br /><br />In addition, the story, starting from the last book, has lost some of it's excitement for me.  The characters in some ways don't seem to be the same (e.g. Dany seems like a typical modern-day 16-year old girl pining after the \\"bad boy\\" - somebody needs to let her know that she has Dragons...I mean Dragons girlfriend!...Hello!) She didn't act that way before.  It could also just be the plodding along that the characters are currently going through, but it sure would have benefited from a few more \\"fast-forward\\" chapters.<br /><br />This is all very unfortunate as I had recommended this to every one of my reading friends (the first three books are awesome!), and now, I have to step back from that. Here's hoping Mr. Martin listens to his fans, or maybe the editor listens, and these things get fixed for the next books.  It's not like these should be big things for them to fix, but they are big annoyances to me as I'm reading...and there are too many other things competing for my time to waste it on something that annoys me.  Anyway, my two cents...or...actually, my fifteen dollars!  :-(<br /><br />Thanks,<br />Mike
0439023513|4.0|I just read this trilogy, after my son devoured the books and recommended them to me. I love the story, and I would love to give it five stars, but it falls disappointingly short of that award. I'm reminded of a review I read of the television miniseries Holocaust, I don't recall the author, who said \\"it was so good, it's too bad it wasn't a lot better.\\" I understood exactly what he meant. Holocaust told a powerful story, but only sort of powerfully told: there were too many times it was not quite able to escape a \\"made for tv\\" or \\"very special episode\\" feel. Mockingjay is a great story that would have made a great book but it was published a few drafts early.     First, what I love about this story. Mockingjay seems to have garnered the most negative reviews of the three books, and it looks to me like much of that is because it disappoints the expectations of those reading it as a typical romance and/or sci fi fantasy book. But that is part of what I admire most about it. There's nothing wrong with escapist fare, and that can be quite enjoyable and worth reading, but if that is what you are looking for, Mockingjay does not provide it. The romantic angle of \\"Peeta or Gale\\" is overwhelmed by the enormity of war. The typical hero(ine) rising above it all and leading the way to the rescue falls short in the face of the overwhelming task. What this provides instead is a moving realistic look at a heroic young character doing her flawed best in a world far bigger than herself.      I'm reminded here of Vera Brittain's Testament of Youth, her memoir of life as a young English woman during World War I. As the war breaks out, Vera responds to it as an inconvenience to her plans for college and marriage. But she soon learns that, crucial as her relationships with her fianc, brother, and other close friends may be to her, that is but a mere drop in the ocean of war. \\"Peeta or Gale\\" is still an important question to Katniss, and she is still the focus of the book, but the book makes clear that she is a small part of the story, more Audie Murphy's significant but small role as an inspiring heroic fighter rather than a leadership role of Douglas Haig or Woodrow Wilson.     Another common disappointment was the epilogue, a sparse outline that fails to satisfy a desire for a full overcoming of past struggles into an uncomplicatedly happy ending. But the brief sketch provided brought to my mind accounts I have read by and about Holocaust survivors and their children, and the impossibility of ever fully leaving the past behind. I read an interview with Suzanne Collins in which she revealed that her father never got over the nightmares he brought back from the Vietnam War. Again, this book strives for realism, and achieves it admirably.    So, how does it fall short? As I said above, it feels not quite finished. Two examples. Collins uses the \\"knock Katniss unconscious and have someone quickly summarize a lot of action when she wakes up\\" a few too many times. Once is fine. Twice is acceptable if the episode itself is important for the plot. But I wish Collins had put in more time and effort to write Katniss through some of those episodes, unsure of what else was going on, and discovering it later, which is something Collins does a fine job of many other times. It felt to me like cheating for her to resort to that shortcut more than a time or two.     Then there is the rushed end, another common source of disappointment among readers. But it isn't just the story that is rushed; the writing itself seemed rushed. What especially bothers me about the end is that it does a poor job in its attempt to raise questions and provoke thought in the readers. There is certainly nothing wrong with ambiguity and raising questions, indeed that makes, for some readers, for a much more enjoyable book than one which either tells the reader what to think or refrains from challenging the reader to think. But there are better and worse ways to do so. I think here of Dangerous Liaisons. Choderlos de Laclos wrote that book as a collection of letters by and to the characters in the story. The two main characters are maliciously manipulative, bragging to each other about how they have deceived others in the story. The reader cannot help but conclude that they must also be at times deceiving each other, but of course we cannot know for sure when or how. The author uses this technique to magnificent effect in piling layers of ambiguity on each other, provoking unending opportunities for the reader to ponder significant questions.     Collins, however, has presented us with a narrator who, until nearly the end of the trilogy, is reliably, indeed rigorously, honest as a narrator. She is not reliably accurate - she misunderstands situations, she misinterprets others' motives, she often does not understand her own motives. She is not always honest with others in the story. But she is rigorously honest with the reader about her understanding of her experiences. Yet right at the end, she suddenly gets coy with the reader. Katniss is part of a group that must make a significant decision, and she casts a vote that seems quite surprising and out of character (I'm trying to avoid spoilers), yet with only a brief cryptic explanation to the others in the group and absolutely no explanation to the reader. This is not the narrator we have had to this point. When she attends Snow's execution (I don't think I'm giving away anything significant by saying Snow's side loses), she suddenly switches her actions at a crucial moment and again fails even to attempt an explanation to the reader. This does raise some interesting questions to contemplate, but it is totally out of character for the narrative structure. Collins certainly hints; but, completely counter to what we have had to this point, Katniss does not tell. I wish Collins had spent more time trying to devise other ways to raise these questions to fit the structure of the story. She made gooduse of, for example, Katniss's youth and her lack of access to the inner circles of power elsewhere to raise ambiguities and provoke questions in the reader. Perhaps, though, the questions Collins wanted to raise here could not be raised within that structure. If that is the case, she should have restructured the narration (though that would be difficult given that the first two books had already been published) or raised different questions.     But in spite of these flaws, I loved this story and found the series well worth reading. It was so good, I couldn't help but be a bit disappointed it wasn't a lot better.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I love this book because it takes no prisoners, and Collins tells a story of guts and shows the consquences of War.- got the series as a gift and read the entire series in less than a week (between working 2 jobs). That's how good it was. The ending was bittersweet but any other ending would have felt false and gutted the story. Plus I like who she ended up with, and to me showed that life does go on even after terrible things happen. That life CAN be good again. I said it on my other reviews and I'll say it now- this series was one of the best ones I have ever read, and being a 38 year old avid reader I have read ALOT. I put Collins right up with Tolkien and Rowling after this.
0316056863|5.0|I totally needed a book that was just fun to read.  This is the book.  I especially love the chapters about Tina's life in Chicago.  Very funny. If you are a SNL fan, you will love reading about the insider stories.
B0051MKNV8|5.0|I really enjoyed LIMITLESS with Bradley Cooper, Robert DeNiro and Abbey Cornish.<br />This is a very sharp & smartly done modern morality tale which raises the question...<br />If you were just an average Joe Blow, who was barely just getting by, living your life in a haze<br />of less than spectacular stimuli, opportunities, and results...or as a great person once said,<br />\\"In quiet desperation\\"...and the circumstances came along where you gained access to a magical drug<br />which could make you super sharp, more aware, intelligent, well-versed and worldly...WHAT WOULD YOU DO?<br />Would you go the cliche' route of the FOOL'S PARADISE??---Doing as much mindless partying, sleeping<br />with the most beautiful people you could encounter, scamming to get as much money as you could, only to rip<br />through it in no time flat, only to scheme to get some more?---Or would you practice moderation and use your<br />new found gifts with benevolence, and for the betterment of not only yourself, but others?<br />The combinations and scenarios of what we MIGHT DO if we could have access to these powers are endless!<br /><br />Bradley Cooper's character is living just such a marginal mediocre exsistence at first...<br />Until fate brings him into a world of amazing highs and privilege, but also mind-numbing lows and consequences,<br />which will test the metal of his very soul, and all who lay in his wake.<br />This movie is filled with thrills, intrigue, face-paced dialogue, plot twists, and plenty of action throughout.<br />Of course, there are always negative effects to anything that we do.<br />That whole yen v.s. yang thing...but ultimately, it's all about balance in life, right?<br />I watched this all the way through twice, back to back, and I really enjoyed it, and would recommend it to anyone.<br /><br />Robert De Niro plays an old lion, who made his bones the old-fashioned way...<br />He had to reach through the flames to get it. He's a grizzled New York high levelplayer<br />whose nobody's fool, and is not one to cross. He sees this new, seemingly-so-together, young lion,<br />(Cooper) as someone who could be a possible strong ally, as well as a possible threat to all he has built up.<br />The relationship between the two is one of mutual admiration, and mutual distrust at the same time.<br />The last scene between them is KILLER!<br />I will be buying this UNRATED EXTENDED VERSION within the week... ** 5 Stars ***
B003K1EYM6|3.0|The 2 connectors that come with the kit are for a USB port and a SD card.  The SD card works fine even though Apple needs to do some work with their software as the pictures transferred are forced into 1 folder which you cannot rename nor can you transfer via the iPad 2.    The second connector I have found useless.  The main reason was to transfer pictures or data from a flash drive with a USB to the iPad.  Every flash drive I used, I got an error message that said the iPad did not have the power to run the USB drive.  Not exactly sure what that means, but the data did not transfer.
B004UXUSIM|5.0|This is a wonderful movie, well worth your time and your money, and as one who's seen it three times (more, if you're reading this after the DVD comes out, for sure!), I can tell you it's even more charming upon the re-viewing.      As with all Woody Allen movies, music is very important, and is always appropriate to the mood, and this movie is no exception.  Playing over the wonderful opening montage of Paris scenes is the great Sidney Bechet, with his own composition, \\"Si Tu Vois Ma Mere\\".  Stephane Wrembel plays a Django Reinhardt-like gypsy guitar throughout much of the movie, but the closing credits went by too fast for me to read whose version of \\"Parlez Moi D'Amour\\" it was, also played at very poignant and, again, appropriate times.    Others have mentioned the \\"awful\\" parents, and his equally awful fiancee.  Gil has a narrow escape from these people, the kind who know the price of everything and the value of nothing.  There's a sad, but very telling, scene where a piece of jewelry Gil gave Inez is derided by her and her mother because the gems were moonstones -- \\"MOONSTONES!\\", as in \\"Can you BELIEVE IT??\\".  When Gil says he likes moonstones, his future mother-in-law says one of her most revealing catchphrases: \\"Cheap is cheap, I always say!\\", and she always does say it.    If you are a romantic, love Paris (even if you've never been there), yearn for someone with whom to share your dreams and passions, this movie can even help you understand that your Golden Age can be exactly where you find yourself, in the here-and-now.
B004ZQRJFO|5.0|I have had this cd in my 6 disk changer sense the day it came out. I listen to it the whole way through (accept Lighters because I don't like Bruno Mars). Most songs have an interesting hook and the song with Mike Epps is catchy and adds to the album.<br />I am a big fan of Eminem's Recovery album, but these seem like older Em tracks compared to his newer ones that aren't as rough.
0439023521|5.0|Great Seller. !Book just as described. Would recommend and reuse seller.! Great Book. Reuse seller. would recommend. Enjoyed reading the book. Book is black and is named Hunger Games. Had to read for school
B004LWZVZC|4.0|I liked this movie very much.   It was produced and directed by the brilliant Robert Redford, who, in my opinion,  is only second to the superb Clint Eastwood in his story-telling & directing skills.  James McAvoy and Robin Wright both turn in extrordinary performances, heading an equally  adept supporting cast of both veteran and contemporary actors.   The writing, acting, cinematography, historical accuracy, etc., were all on point.  The Lincoln assassination, right on the heels of the bloody Civil War (1861-65),  was an unprecedented emotional blow to Americans of this time.   Abraham Lincoln was the first American president to be assassinated while in office.  People were in shock, angry, wanted blood for blood!  Once the conspiracy was revealed, the powers that be were so filled with self-righteous  indignation and bloodlust, that anybody remotely affiliated with John Wilkes Booth's subversive  plot, even the owner of the boarding house, who also happened to be the mother of one of  the co-conspirators....Mary E. Surratt...played wonderfully by Robin Wright.   The fervor to seek revenge overrode seeking true justice, and Miss Surratt basically paid with her  life, simply by being guilty by association. At least that is what a lot of history buffs who   specialize in that particular time period have maintained in theory.  James McAvoy turns in an impassioned performance as Miss Surrat's lawyer, who is convinced  that she was not a co-conspirator in the Lincoln plot, and does everything in his power  to try to exonerate her, or at least stall things until more evidence can be gathered.  But sadly, it was to no avail.  I didn't get bored at all throughout this film, and I would recommend it to anyone   who appreciates intelligent and soulful portrayals of historic events.   Mary E. Surratt became the first woman in American history to be executed by the federal government.  Many feel that if she could've been tried in a civil court, with a jury of her peers, thenher  fate may have been different. But it was an all government affair, and the people wanted revenge.  Later on, after Miss Surrat is executed, her son, John Surratt, who actually was a conspirator,  and brought all of this on his mother, who then went into hiding after the assassination, who could've  saved his mother if he'd owned up to what he did, and vouched for her innocence, is apprehended,  and held for trial. But, by the time this happened, the fervor for revenge had passed, and he was set  free because no one could agree that he had any significant ties to the plot to kill Lincoln.  I wonder if he ever felt guilty for his cowardice in the face of retribution, as well as his selfish  abandonment of his mother in her hour of peril?----Hmmm, I guess we'll never know.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|I might be biased but I love this movie def a romantic comedy!!! This came in great shape and in a timely fashion!  Hilarious cast and funny extras with the credits I could watch this movie over and over.  If you need a good laugh with a sweet undertone this movie is for you!!  Pop the popcorn and enjoy! :)
B000001GMX|5.0|Bach is Bach but Miasky is the one I want playing these suites. I owned these years ago and my son ended up with them.  I was delighted to see they were still available so I could repurchase.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|The game is just like the version for the computer bur it doesn&apos;t have survival mode or a full mini game mode. The graphics could&apos;ve been better too. Just up the resolution please. And I was very extremely disappointed when I beat adventure mode and there was no zen garden. Why can&apos;t you just include that in an update or something at least. I mean, the iphone even has it. The zen garden is like the best part of the whole game. I can&apos;t believe the android version would be the  only dumbed down version of plants vs zombies out of all the platforms. Really disappointing.
B00005JOFQ|1.0|this is just gay porn that hit the big screen. It is highly overrated and how can you feel sorry for people who are cheating on their wives.
067101756X|5.0|Colonel Corso told the truth! In his book.     Dr. Paul Hill; 'Unconventional Flying Objects' a NASA investigator told the truth about UFOs.     Jim Marrs in 'Alien Agenda' told the truth.' (If your are a Kennedy buff - read 'Crossfire' by Jim Marrs; the film by George Lucus, 'Kennedy' was made from this book and it's the number one book on the Kennedy assassination ever!     Corso is right on When his book came out he was invited to speak at dozens of Officer Clubs across America! He was treated as a hero Why? Because the military (mid level) wants the truth out there.     This is written by Edgar Fouche from 'Open Minds Forum' Special Guest Edgar Fouche - The Tr-3B.aka Flying Triangles. Edgar Fouche, me, is the author of 'Alien Rapture' now for free on Scribd(a . here) com    [...] a dot here .)proboards(a dot here.)com/index(a dot here.)cgi?board=ef
B0057A6GA6|5.0|This is a fun and addicting game. The storyline was good and I have found myself 300 waves deep into continous mode with 1/2 my day gone.
B004GUSG4M|5.0|I am not overly prone to reviews, but I simply had to comment on this work.  As a person who reads almost a book a day, it is extremely rare to come across one with a concept such as this one where the author could so easily lose her way in the writing of some of the details, forget the impossibility of some of the concepts, or just plain lose the reader in the confusion.    I will not summarize the book, as others have done so, but simply say that this story was riviting from start to finish.  It was truly engrossing, allowing the reader to empathize and learn along with the main character, and while she battles with the confusion of her memory, we are still able to easily follow, hoping along with her to solve the mysteries of her life.    Kudos for this 'debut' novel...if this is just the first in this author's career, may she have many more firsts!
B003L77GRO|4.0|This week I finished watching season 5. After season 4(which I thought was the best of the series) season 5 was good. I don't know about the people here but I have come to love the look of Miami, the set designs, the cast. I was not so crazy about the acting skills of Julia Stiles but otherwise it was very enjoyable. Long may the quality of 'Dexter' reign.
0375826742|5.0|I LOVE this series and book! I read it at least twice. this book is well written and i couldn't put it down! i can't wait for the next one!
B000V5ZIBU|1.0|I was excited when I saw this was added to Prime Videos, but when I tried watching it on my Panasonic Blu-ray player I was told I couldn't due to the content license.  What's the point of offering the service on multiple devices if the content is restricted?
B004QPOVF0|5.0|the dvd is amazing, wish i was in that show! the negotiation was clean as mineral water! Recommended for everyone thinking about buying from these people! take care and have a good day!
B002PQ7JQK|5.0|Not only is Star Trek: The Original Series one of the best shows ever made and broadcast, this Blu-Ray set is absolutely top notch.    My only possible complaint would be the lack of extra - documentaries etc... But; I won't hold it against the set, because there is simply so much information out there about the show that those types of extras are easily acquired elsewhere. Personally, I know the show inside out, so my main concern was simply the upgraded picture and sound, and not the extra features.    This gets 5 stars out of 5, because the Hi-Def remaster is really great. The picture is very sharp (there is alot of soft focus in the series that has nothing to do with the remastering) and the colours are really excellent. Its a treat to watch. The visual fx have also been remastered, in fact, they have been re-done! Where a planet used to be just a fuzzy glow, now there is an actual planet there. Backdrops and backgrounds have also been enhanced - now alien planets definitely look alot more like an alien world. The Enterprise itself has also been redone. While I always bemoan the death of models in favour of CGI, here they did a terrific job of replacing that old model with a nice fluid CGI version of the Starship. As its only used for the pass-by cutaways,i find this new enhancement to be a great success.  Please note that all episodes may be viewed with the original 1966 special effects, or with the new enhanced CGI inserts.   The sound for this set is also really quite amazing. Its offerend in 7.1 HD DTS. My system is merely a 5.1, but man, the sound really sucks you in. When the ship passes by, I get the \\"whoosh\\" sound track from speaker to speaker in the same direction as the ship. Also, the atmospheric sound effects when inside the Enterprise are fully econmpassing. You have to hear it to believe it!    In summray: One of the best TV series of all time. A fantastic Blu-Ray remaster with great picture and some of the best sound you will ever experience.   Considering this show is 45 years old, this presentation really pretty much trumps all else.    Purchase and enjoy!!!!
B0058S0OMS|5.0|I'm so excited for this movie to come out on blu ray its been 30 years since it was released back in 1981 the only thing I have an issue with this is that if there are gonna be any special features on this movie it says its the 30th Edition so I tried looking it up on any site and I found it at walmart.com and I looked to see if there was special features and it says theres \\"Alternate Ending & Deleted Scenes\\" What I am hoping for now it is the edition which contians Rick Rosenthal's cuts the producers cut which has more character development an little to almost no gore which is an omage to the Original Halloween from 1978.
B000JIHP88|1.0|I just bought this mobile for my 2 month old daughter who loves to watch any kind of toys, but she really gets excited when they are toys that move. She also loves music and is attracted to lights as well. We have a stationary mobile that spins when you wind it up that matches her crib set, but she liked the movement so much I got tired of winding it up every 3 minutes. (She cries when it stops!) I researched alot of reviews on mobiles, and decided to give this one a shot giving that most of the reviews were good, and the other rainforest collection has a pretty good track record of good reviews.<br /><br />Man am I disappointed. I got the mobile yesterday, gave it fresh batteries, put it on the crib, got the baby, turned it on....the baby barely noticed it was there!!! The music is super quiet. It's honestly so quiet that if the baby cries or someone is talking in the same room, you can't hear it at all. The light is VERY dim, not bright enough to catch my little one's attention. Lastly, but not at all least, the mobile moves slower than an ox! It's honestly ridiculous. The wind up mobile moves quicker when wound! I read the bad reviews and I thought I could live with quiet music and dim lights, but as long as the mobile worked well my little one would be fascinated. But no, it moves so slow that she gets bored within 5 seconds. The biggest problem like another one star rater mentioned is that the leaves slow it down trying to constantly rise and fall, and they catch on the animals everytime the animals pass which slows it down because it gets stuck for a few seconds. Terribly designed product in every way.<br /><br />Don't waste your money, this product isn't even worth the price to ship it to your home. This sounds harsh, but I am a real mom telling you the honest truth.<br /><br />I will say that I had the The First Years - Nature Sensations Dreams In Sight Mobile when my daughter was a baby, almost 4 years ago, and it is still being sold currently, and this mobile did work great for us.us.
B000H5U832|5.0|This is a great movie for the whole family. My son loves it, it's the one consistent thing in his life.
B000A6T262|1.0|This set gets 1 star out of 5, because it turns out to be a homemade bootleg set. Otherwise it would get 5 stars because the movies are so good.    DVD's - pirated and burned.  The picture quality is subpar, and the proof that its a bootleg is that the DTS track is unaccessible.     The boxes are the original either, they barely fit, and you can tell the covers have been printed and are unevenly cut.    The only aspect of the set that may actually be the original piece, is the outside box that houses everything. Otherwise the movies and the cases themselves are all bootlegs.    THIS IS A RIPOFF AND THE VENDOR PROBABLY COMMITTED A CRIME IN SELLING THIS KIT.    CAVEAT EMPTOR - BUYER BEWARE!!
B000065U1N|5.0|This is probably the best war movie made, even if it wasn't an actual war but it was a serious engagement. This is a taste of the sh@7, and it ain't pretty. I tell all my friends that if they want to know something of what it's like, watch this movie and then think about not being able to leave it for days/weeks. Even for people who don't like military stuff, it is still a solid flick, Oorah!
B001OQCV6A|2.0|Sherlock Holmes, 2009 film<br /><br />The film begins on a cobblestone road. Horses draw carriages. A man with a lantern is attacked in the dark. We see a weird ceremony being held over a young woman (like some porno-horror movie). Can she be rescued? Lord Blackwood is unmasked. Inspector Lestrade arrives with his Bobbies to arrest the gang. Next we see Baker Street. Watson plans to move out, Holmes is bored at home. They dine out, Holmes meets Mary Morstan (who needs no introduction). Holmes gets a glass of wine. Next we see a bare-knuckle fight in a pit. Holmes fights a bigger and heavier opponent, and wins. We see a dark and dirty London. Holmes wears no hat! Blackwood makes a prediction: three more. Holmes gets a visit from Irene Adler, she has a request. Holmes has a trick here. Inspector Lestrade summons Holmes about Blackwood! Dr. Watson is involved too. Blackwood's coffin is opened, there is a surprise! [How did it happen?] They enter an apartment to search for clues. There is drama and entertainment. [What, no revolver?]<br /><br />There is a chase for action in a shipyard. Lestrade wants Holmes to see a High Official who wants to stop Blackwood from doing evil. Holmes visits Irene Adler and opens a bottle of wine. After he is rescued, he visits the rooms of that High Official. Sir Thomas is dead. There is a meeting. Blackwood plans for a New World Order. He can't be stopped! These important people control the police. Holmes and Watson explore the shore. They find a slaughterhouse and rescue a woman. There is a trap! The story continues. Can Holmes defeat the villainous Blackwood? Holmes uses symbolism to foretell Blackwood's plans. Is there a plot to attack Parliament for a coup d'etat? Holmes deduces that a poison gas will be used to kill Parliament. Can they overpower the villains and stop the infernal machine? [You know the answer.] There is a final struggle high over the river. Holmes explains how the magic tricks were done by Blackwood. The villain falls from his heights, like Lucifer. Irene Adler survived to tell about the Professor. \\"We'll see about that.\\" Then a Bobbie brings news of a murder, and Holmes has a new case.<br /><br />Do you remember those Sherlock Holmes movies from the 1940s? This is a modern version with a bigger budget but not a better story. Its more complex than those simpler monochrome movies. You can see the special effects of CGI, they are not overdone. This story is different from Doyle's writings, and overlong. Aside from the scenery, this could have been a \\"James Bond\\" adventure story where the world is saved from a powerful madman.
B0012GN44U|5.0|This is the one I like. I like this better than his first release. I was surprised this was his 8th record. Try the song Country Mile on for size!
B001OQCV6A|1.0|For me to say I hate any movie starring Downey bothers me as I am a huge fan of his. I was anxious to see this film with its great trailer and he easily pulls off any diverse character. But this film has a couple of problems: Unfortunately Downey completely mumbles through his English accent, making it impossible to decifer what he's saying much of the time (& i have many English friends I easily comprehend). Secondly the director did a horrible job of keeping the plot from running smoothly; the story is so disjointed it wasn't 100% easy to follow. Sitting through two hours of this mess was too long for me but I do not blame Downey for this poorly executed picture.
B004J4WKUQ|2.0|What happens to the human race when virtual reality becomes better than reality? When earth's resources are decimated, few people produce anything of real value, and virtual value can be earned fighting orcs?     Ready Player One's greatest weakness for me was failure to explore the reality that kept society intact enough to use OASIS, (Ontologically Anthropocentric Sensory Immersive Simulation); a lot of time (way too much time) is spent wallowing over descriptions of old videogames, and techie stuff that doesn't advance the plot. (I'm sure some will argue the techie stuff IS the plot). The characters start out interesting, but end up more like games pieces than people -- suspension of disbelief never happened for me, and the Schoolhouse Rock ending of the novel made it feel even more like exhaustive description of a multi-player game than a good story.    It's possible to follow the 80s lovefest, but not so interesting to someone who's more familiar with the Ducktail than the Mullet. There was a good story buried in Ready Player One, but I found myself skimming -- a lot -- to get to it.
1400052181|5.0|This is a great book!  It is full of so much information about health care now and in the past. The family really came to life. I would recommend this book wholeheartedly
B004UID2LC|1.0|I had no problem getting this to work but after downloading, my phone kept receiving spam, which had never happened before.  I downloaded Antivirus  and it tagged this as malicious.  Uninstalled.
B000A6T1JU|3.0|To me what makes this a classic are the gritty aesthetics and crime of New York City in the 70s that are presented here. Few movies do this so well; filmed all on location with only NYC actors gives it its authenticity. I won't argue with hardcore fans of this film who were affected by it when they first saw it long ago, it's a fun film. But honestly the script is banal and at times cheesy (which I'm aware is a point of debate with fans and reviewers). I suppose it will always stand up as one of the better gang films but i didn't find it terribly exciting. Most importantly there is something to be said for face-to-face fist fights, instead of today's gun-toting gangs, onscreen and in real life: it's much more ballsy than a gun.
B002ZG9800|3.0|Generally entertaining, but a mixed bag. The script: at times hilarious, but then veers into obnoxious Coen-esque caricature. Carrey: at times even touching, but also riffs on tried-and-true shtick. The 1 constant is Ewan McGregor, an actor whom I like well enough but have never been wild over: here he steals every scene he's in. He's just perfect as suthun' belle Phillp...
B001WCN232|4.0|I just recieved my remastered copy of Goats Head Soup and it is not censored at all. This album in my opinion is underrated. The remastered sounds great too. Again, no censor on my copy.Very happy with this one.
B003UESJH4|4.0|It is easy to see why this film won the Academy Award. They probably would have been knighted by the Queen if they could have restrained themselves.  Adding a few of \\"today's gutter words\\" to a gentle and gentile King, who would have NEVER uttered those words was like a slap in the face to those of the Royal Family and those of us Old enough   to have lived through those days. When will you learn 'Hollywood\\" that a period piece should reflect the period in which it was lived, not when it was filmed.  Otherwise, a very special movie with a top cast. (the Duke may have used that phrase...considering the Duchess was American)
B002VKE1K2|3.0|By word of mouth this seems to be a love or hate movie, regardless of its rave reviews below. My thoughts are actually mixed on this one, but one thing I am sure of is that Im thankful for watching it on dvd, to fast forward through an hour's worth of dragging film. It felt like watching Ghost Hunters where nothing happens for an hour, until the reveal. What the director intended as audience anticipation by its prolonged non-activity, is received by some of us as boredom. There is very little build up here, although the infrequent happenings are fun to watch. I wasn't scared by any of it, but the ending was good enough to turn my review from don't like to like.
B004XQO90O|3.0|GROUNDHOG DAY meets LA JETE (or 12 MONKEYS, which I haven't seen). Well acted & directed, good score, & a neat credit sequence! The script is the weak link here; the basic idea is entertaining, but lots of scenes seem underwritten, & 1 minor-but-important character is cruelly obliterated in the interest of the focus-group Happy Ending. The freeze-frame shot should have been the last. Still, good fun.
B0007TKNL0|5.0|My daughter Maddie loves this opera and really loved this DVD movie version.  She gives it a big thumbs up!!
B004RE29PO|5.0|Great movie, even better on blu!  Sounds great, looks amazing...makes the suspense even tighter! So happy when my expectations are exceeded.
B000N4SHPS|5.0|This has become one of my favorite movies; incredibly well done with a sentimentality that you wont find in most films. It shows that Sly went the extra mile as Director to make sure this film is unique and can stand the test of time. Certainly the best since the first Rocky. You find yourself really rooting for him here, it almost makes you want to visit Philly! Sly's commentary is just as good as the movie itself, enlightening you to his motivation behind each scene as Director and the inner workings of being Rocky.....terrific! With all the good reviews it's received, it deserved much more fanfare than it's gotten. You shall not be disappointed.
B004B32500|2.0|Retelling of PSYCHO with a Fellini-Tod Browning circus backdrop & flashes of Dario Argento luridness, which isn't surprising, as his brother produced it. Throw in bits of CARRIE & \\"Santo\\" Mexican wrestling & you have: a lumbering, stupid mess. Few things I hate more than movies that attempt to be mind-blowing but end up mind-numbing. Guess I'm just no Jodorowsky fan; I hated EL TOPO, too.
B004CRR9G0|5.0|I first saw a part of Nausicaa at a Boscone SF convention in the mid 1980's. It was shown from Laser Disc in Japanese. A printed English translation was available (still have a copy somewhere.) I ordered a LaserDisc (those 12\\" precursors to DVD) direct from Japan for $120 (in 1980's $$$). The old LD player died in the mid 1990's and Nausicaa sat unwatched.  When this release came out, I ordered it. Even over 25 years later, it still holds up - I'd test it side by side with any Anime since it's original release, and Nausicaa will probably win.<br /><br />Just watch it. You'll see numerous scenes that look familiar. Why? So many other mainstream movies have \\"borrowed\\" from it.  Ideas, shooting style, sometimes it seems like the director just did a frame by frame reconstruction.  This movie is that good. From Dragonball to Cloverfield, you'll see the Nausicaa influence. Avatar \\"borrowed\\" heavily from Nausicaa.  It's one of those movies that sinks into your subconscious, and one you can watch again and again.
B004HO6HWA|5.0|When I watched this movie, I didn't know that it was a remake of an older movie.  However, from the very beginning of the movie I was hooked.<br /><br />The movie is about an assassin who is given a target and him killing his target.  But the devil is in the details, and he must not leave any trails.  Jason Statham is really good as Mr Bishop, the assassin.  When the target given to him is his closest friend (Donald Sutherland), he does not have a choice but to go ahead with the assignment.<br /><br />This movie is probably not for everyone.  But for me it worked well, I enjoyed the whole movie.  Lot of action, few special effects, great story line.  What else would anyone want?  Maybe there were few holes in the way it was done, but this is a good movie in its own right.
B001N26GFC|2.0|I found it a bit average. Sally was certainly enjoyable to watch and made me laugh a few times, but it's hard to believe that people really can be THAT happy-go-lucky; certainly not in NYC anyway. She's not annoyingly peppy at all, but i found her character immature and knieve....was that the point? The ending left me feeling 'blah' which changed my opinion of the movie from 'like' to 'didnt like'.
0553801473|1.0|My wife is an avid reader but she was prejudiced against fantasy literature. She thought it full of stereotypes and childish fairy tales.<br />But I was so enthousiastic about the first 3 installements of the Ice and Fire series that I made her to read it in French translation.<br />She liked it very much and agreed that this was indeed superior writing.<br />I don't dare to tell her that Dance of Dragons was published now (even if not yet translated) because I know that it will make her revert to her original opinion about fantasy.<br />Yes Dance of Dragons is that bad.<br />The strength of Ice and Fire was all in the powerful and focused storytelling about Starks and Lannisters.<br />Unfortunately Martin had now killed off all those impressive characters, larger than life - Tywin, Ned, Renly, Rob, Catlyn. Even Kevan bought it. The lesser but still interesting characters became crippled, irrelevant and strown all over the place so that they no more interact with each other or play no role in the main plot.<br />Most of them are not even mentionned in those 900 ponderous pages of Dance of Dragons.<br />If you wondered what happened to Sansa, Brienne, Stannis, Jaime, Rickon (does somebody remember who Rickon is at all?), Samwell, you won't still know.<br />Martin also begins to use and abuse of cheap tricks that among others Jordan already invented before him - copy and paste of ready for use expressions, resurrection of dead people, fake deaths, laughable cliffhangers, endless and meandering travels which are there only to increase the word count.<br /><br />Besides instead of the convergence towards Westeros what would enable to close several plot arcs and focus the storytelling on what really matters, the story and the characters diverge more and more.<br />Daenerys is still in Meeren and has no clue what to do, her arc became a circle.<br />Tyrion did something that I would have never imagined that he could do - he became boring and witless.<br />Jon is hell bent to destroy the Black Watch by taking stupid decisions like sending all his available ships to Hardbone where they will necessarily sink.<br />He means it well but hell is paved with good intentions and Jon doesn't miss a single one.<br /><br />To top it everything we had waited 11 years to get, well, little and less.<br />Sure, Martin is a free man and he can do as he pleases but I am a free man too and I will no more support his bloated ego by buying his production unless he finishes the whole story first and I observe that the reader's reviews acknowledge that he had improved significantly his storytelling.to destroy the Black Watch by taking stupid decisions like sending all his available ships to Hardbone where they will necessarily sink.<br />He means it well but hell is paved with good intentions and Jon doesn't miss a single one.<br /><br />To top it everything we had waited 11 years to get, well, little and less.<br />Sure, Martin is a free man and he can do as he pleases but I am a free man too and I will no more support his bloated ego by buying his production unless he finishes the whole story first and I observe that the reader's reviews acknowledge that he had improved significantly his storytelling.
B0043D2L9S|5.0|OK, this is not a stand-alone item - you have to use it with a ([[ASIN:B0043D2L48 Lowepro S&F Deluxe Technical Belt]] or a [[ASIN:B0043D2L70 Lowepro S&F Light Utility Belt]] (in varying sizes) - it won't work on a regular belt.<br /><br />There are no instructions, and from previous experience with tech-harnesses, I expected things to connect with the D-rings. Nope - the harness connects to the straps the D-rings are on.  Took a few minutes of finagling and adjusting, and bang - I had my belt and harness set up.  Over the next few days I added more accessories, balanced everything, and looked in the mirror. Wow. Batman, eat your heart out.
B004EPYZOO|1.0|This is a really sick movie.  Lot of gore, foul language, limbs torn off, offensive in more ways than you can count.  Pointless destruction from the beginning to the end.<br /><br />Nicholas Cage is a good actor and has made many good movies, just one example being Lord of War.  In this movie he is good, but just about every person in the movie gets killed before the end of the movie.  It is a fantasy, but why is the devil Accountant?  What is the devil worship anyway?  Why are they trying to kill the child?  Nicholas Cage's character kills countless number of people in order to save a single baby.  How does that make any sense?<br /><br />Each to his own I guess.  For me I just did not like this movie.
B004G600A4|4.0|Tangled has probably received more popular attention than any other Disney animated feature since Lion King. It is quite entertaining and has some funny scenes. The film has a few running jokes, such as the use of a frying pan as a weapon and the intelligent horse Maximus. The animation is definitely a huge step above the traditional Disney animations and Rapunzel really looks beautiful. Unfortunately, I took off one star because the plot isn't really anything to write home about and is pretty predictable. It seems Disney put its effort into the characters and animation rather than try to develop an original story. Still, the movie's entertaining enough that you'll almost forget how banal the plot is. Overall, 4 stars.
B0046HA24M|5.0|These are my second pair of Adrenalines, and I'm very happy with them. They're comfortable, sturdy and relatively light. A great all-round running shoe - I feel confident that I'll be able to run up to marathon distance in these.
B002IFT1ZA|5.0|I happened upon this show by \\"accident\\", not being a fantasy fiction lover. There was nothing else worthwhile to watch, so I gave it a try - and I was hooked. One of the best series HBO ever created, and they did some great ones. In the meantime I got the books and was super impressed how excellent the HBO adaption of book 1 was. Can't wait for the next installments and for the next book (hopefully not another 4-5 years!). Everybody else already outlined the characters, action, etc., so I will skip this, just one more thing - the ending just blew me away - WOW!! Must have watched it over and over - so dramatic and powerful. Way to go - HBO!
B005BZQVJ8|3.0|When I selected this movie, I was looking for something funny that did not require a lot brain power to watch.  This movie met that requirement.  I really enjoyed the animation with Paul and the story line was a bit hokey at times.  Had some good LOL moments and overall it was a funny and entertaining movie.  The thing that somewhat ruined my experience was the foul language.  Not sure what effect they were going for and I realize it had an R rating, but for my taste it was a bit harsh and too much.  It did not add any value to the movie and in some cases was a complete distraction to the story line.  Can only give it 3 stars because of this.
B0034JKZ86|4.0|This is one of the odder Disney animated features. Disney clearly wanted an African American princess, but couldn't find any appropriate stories in European fairy tale traditions. Thus, in The Princess and the Frog it combines Louisiana Cajun flair with the story of the princess and frog. I think the mix works fairly well, given the odd combination. It never feels too forced. Nonetheless, it does rely a lot upon racial and other stereotypes, probably more so than other Disney films. The villain is a creepy Voodoo worshipper whose philosophy seems eerily satanic for a kids movie. The alligator is voiced by an African American and is also really fat, which seems a bit too coincidental. Moreover, none of the songs are really memorable, except perhaps for the villain's \\"Are you ready\\" piece. Still, as a kids movie it's not half bad. It won't be a Disney classic, but is certainly entertaining.
B00005JKNC|5.0|If your looking for a great movie to watch this is it.  Jim Carrey played an excellent part.  Yes, it is an old movie,somehow we missed this one.  I give it 5 stars for a great plot and an awesome actor.
B003YL4LYI|2.0|I had a love-hate relationship with Martin from the outset but kept reading this series because he did enough stuff right to hold my interest - although I stayed angry with him through the whole series - - seriously.<br /><br />The first four books in the series were superior works in many important respects, but I always believed he was writing himself into a corner.<br /><br />He loved his bad guys too much and indulged them endlessly.  He was way, way, way too hard on his good guys.  And his view of the world was waaayyy too dark and cruel.<br /><br />So he ended up spread all over the map, with the good guys all backed into very, very tight corners, the bad guys triumphant and rampant and the forces of light too faint and feeble to prevail, generally.<br /><br />How can he ever get the bad guys under control, put the good guys on top, and come out with anything like a credible, happy ending? I thought Martin would run into impossible writing problems as he tried to achieve satisfying and convincing narrative closure.<br /><br />About 2/3 of the way through v. 5, I have concluded that I was right.<br /><br />He is having a very very hard time writing himself out of the corner he wrote himself into.  He can't even overcome the bad habits that got him into the corner in the first place. My overwhelming impression is that the book is a confused hodge podge of intentions. He doesn't know where he wants to take the book or how he intends to get it there.<br /><br />Sometimes we are heading toward a resolution. Other times we are heading deeper into an interminable narrative labyrinth. The narrative arc swerves up and down and back and forth, etc., etc., etc.,<br /><br />It also seems to me that many of the scenes in the book were cut and pasted, hastily, from his notes.  Elsewhere, whole, finished chapters seem to have been lifted, out of context, really, from half-finished volumes that will never be completed. A kind of mash up.<br /><br />My conclusion?  I am reading a failed book.  Probably a failed series. Partially failed, anyway.<br /><br />I do feel a bit vindicated though, because it looks like it was all the things I disliked about Martin that actually ended up getting him in trouble, a lot of trouble.g a failed book.  Probably a failed series. Partially failed, anyway.<br /><br />I do feel a bit vindicated though, because it looks like it was all the things I disliked about Martin that actually ended up getting him in trouble, a lot of trouble.
B003R4ZMJU|5.0|I am very satified with purchase. Delivery time was much less than expected and dvd arrived in pristine condition  as far as packaging goes. Since this is a gift, I don't know yet how it plays but don't believe there will be a problem as it appears new.
B0000AKCLS|4.0|I love, love, love Joe Bonamassa!  This is the type of blues that will pass for new because of the artist, but has the feel of some of the best blues men to grace us with their talent and passion for the blues.  This CD does not dissapoint!
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|I am extremely picky when it comes to my book selections. For this book to make my list of all-time best books, it had to be nothing short of exceptional. The only books I would put above it are Daniel Suarez's Daemon/Freedom books and Stephen King's Dark Tower books.    That being said, I'll try to describe the book in a way that doesn't spoil anything, and isn't boring...    Think of this book as a modern day Willy Wonka meets The Matrix. Instead of a candy factory owner, the story features a billionaire software programmer who leaves his vast fortune to be won by the first person to complete his ultimate scavenger hunt. The hunt takes place in OASIS, the virtual world the programmer created.    The main character is Wade Watts, this story's equivalent of Charlie Bucket. Wade is dirt poor in the real world, which has become a bleak existence. His escape is the pursuit of 'the egg', the virtual representation of the prize of the hunt.    I won't go much further in my review, other than to say that this book will suck you in, so be prepared to devote the time to enjoying it. Trust me, you will become a 'gunter'.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|My wife and I first viewed this film at a cinema in Seattle a couple months ago, and with the others in the room we emerged rather shaken from the stark portrayal of the situation facing our country, nay our world. The film reveals how a relatively small cabal of insiders cycling through the Wall Street/banking/university/government world manipulates and controls the financial destiny of most of us. The greatest disappointment revealed is that the very same people identified over the course of the film as the prime culprits during the W. Bush era are then shown near the end to be still at work via appointment to positions in the Obama leadership team. Huh? Shouldn't these people all have gone to jail? Nope, they are still in charge. I immediately said to my wife, we need to show this at our church and give others the \\"insider view\\" on the \\"inside job\\". Hence my recent purchase of the DVD, and the scheduled showing in September at Trinity Lutheran in Lynnwood, WA. I urge all to gather friends to view this film with discussions that lead to concerted action in your community to bring the culprits to justice and restore some sanity in our national and global economic structures.
B004HO6I4W|5.0|Rio is a very colorful and interesting story. There is lots of music, comedy and drama. It is an ideal story for children but adults would also enjoy this movie. It is a cartoon type movie and I know some adults do not like cartoon type movies; however, I would recommend you try this one. You might be surprised as the art work and story line is quite good.
B00177YA1K|5.0|Great movie.   This has always been one of my all tine favorite movies.  Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones are a great team.
B000NQR7NO|5.0|I had their 1st CD years back and loved it but kind of lost track of the band recently until seeing them on Letterman. I purchased this CD as well as the next 2.....Humbug and also Suck It And See. FWN is my favorite of the 3 by far... its a big changed from their 1st release but a great change. They take to heart the statement \\"evolve or die\\". I'm going to try the other 2 again after a few weeks and see if I just had to get used to the drastic changes from previous releases.
B000006UD8|5.0|There seems to be a major resurgence of interest in 1970s music as today's 15-25 year olds rediscover music from that decade. I grew up in the 70s and my friends' teenaged sons and their friends are now frequently asking me about 70s bands and looking for lesser known bands and albums from that era.<br /><br />This is one album I've told them all about.<br /><br />Having said that, Deep Purple is hardly a \\"lesser known\\" band and Machine Head should not be a \\"lesser known\\" album but, in my defence, I've discovered that many of the young guys asking me about 70s music are not very familiar with Deep Purple. So to help rectify that situation.......<br /><br />This is my favorite Deep Purple album. If you don't have any Deep Purple albums in your collection, start with this one. Smoke On The Water was the hit track from this album and it got played so much on radio back in the early 1970s that many of us got sick of hearing it. I always thought tracks like Highway Star, Lazy and Pictures of Home were better than Smoke On The Water but that's just my humble opinion. Suffice to say there are no weak tracks on this album; it's first rate material all the way through.<br /><br />My advice is to buy this special anniversary edition rather than the less expensive basic release of Machine Head without the extra tracks. In this case the price difference between the basic release and this release with the extra tracks, the second disc and the remixes is only a couple of dollars and this one is worth the extra few $.<br /><br />As one example, the track called \\"When A Blind Man Cries\\" was apparently recorded during the original Machine Head sessions in Switzerland but was not released on the original vinyl album; I've heard a story that Deep Purple lead guitarist Ritchie Blackmore hated the song and didn't want it on the album, so it wasn't released on any official Deep Purple vinyl LPs. But there was a flourishing market in unofficial bootleg LPs back in the 1970s and \\"When A Blind Man Cries\\" was released numerous times on bootlegs back then. I still have a vinyl Deep Purple bootleg from back then with \\"When A Blind Man Cries\\" on it.<br /><br />It's on this release of Machine Head and it's worth having. The remixes by Deep Purple bass player Roger Glover sound really good as well.<br /><br />Machine Head is one of the essential albums for any collection of 1970s music; it's one of the best albums of that decade. It should be in your collection and this is the version I recommend buying.<br /><br />To sum up, this is great album. If you're discovering/re-discovering 1970s music, this one should be in your music collection.imes on bootlegs back then. I still have a vinyl Deep Purple bootleg from back then with \\"When A Blind Man Cries\\" on it.    It's on this release of Machine Head and it's worth having. The remixes by Deep Purple bass player Roger Glover sound really good as well.    Machine Head is one of the essential albums for any collection of 1970s music; it's one of the best albums of that decade. It should be in your collection and this is the version I recommend buying.    To sum up, this is great album. If you're discovering/re-discovering 1970s music, this one should be in your music collection.
B004UBM4TA|5.0|This 3D Blu-ray DVD is a documentary, as you can probably tell by the title, and it is quite interesting to watch particularly in 3D. I know 3D TV is not for everyone; however, I personally happen to enjoy watching 3D TV very much and own over 24 3D Blu-ray DVDs. 3D adds a special quality to the subject at hand by presenting the topic almost as if you were there. This particular DVD I found to be very informative and educational. It's great for children and adults of all ages. I recommend you buy this DVD if you haven't yet.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|As I stood in line to purchase tickets to see this excellent film, I heard people say that in all probability young people would not understand the discriminatory practices of the women in Jackson, Mississippi against black maids because they were born after the results of civil rights. I hope that these people are wrong. There is still too much discrimination going on. The depictions in this film are focused only on the misconduct committed against maids, and this is good because enough time is given to make the point. But an additional thing needs to be stressed. As bad as the terrible practices against the maids were, there were other manifestations that were equally bad. I worked for the civil rights movement for four years and was in Jackson at the time depicted in the film. One day I got a lift into town from the outskirts with a young black woman, after visiting the NAACP. As we drove through town, as hard as it is to believe, I was able to feel the furious hatred of the town people to the two of us as they watched us drive by.
030788743X|5.0|Preordered this on Monday, started it on Tuesday, finished it on Thursday. Loved every page. It's like this book sprang from the trivia inside my own head. If the words \\"beta capsule\\" or Tranzor-Z mean anything to you... if you can close your eyes and picture the covers to specific 1st-edition D&D modules in your head... if you can name the arcade game featured in the music video for the Rush song \\"Subdivisions\\"... this book is for you. Packed with equal amounts of cyberpunky action and geektastic nostalgia.
B004BSFC6Y|3.0|My almost 5 month old loves these! I think they could have been made better.  They don't stretch so it's difficult to put these on. They aren't like other booties, socks, etc. that are made with the contours of feet in mind but rather a long \\"tube-like\\" cover for your baby's foot. Plus, I think they are a little too short in length.  Without any stretch to them, they tend to ride down my baby's foot and eventually come off.  It gets annoying to constantly be putting them back on or adjusting them frequently.  These could be really great but have room for improvement.
B0000029AL|5.0|This was the first album I got as a young teenager.  Didn't really like it at first.  But.  I didn't yet understand.  There isn't a song on this album that isn't pure Aerosmith.  Every one could (and should) be on an Aerosmith anthology album.  Listen to Mama Kin, One Way Street, Movin' Out, and Walkin' the Dog really loud and you'll know why.
0446582778|5.0|I first heard of Michael Connelly after all the hoopla that surrounded his movie that was based off one of his books.  I started reading his novels a few months ago and now have read around 6 books.  Angel's Flight is hand down his best.  The book takes place sometime during the late 90s in LA.  The OJ verdict taint has gotten on every single case that involves a black defendant.  Cases that would have once put people in jail are now ending in acquittals.  One attorney who has profited, both financially and in terms of a great reputation is Howard Elias; he is a hotshot civil rights attorney who takes no prisoners in his litigation against the LAPD for brutality and shootings gone awry.    Elias is found dead and it is up to Harry Bosch to solve the crime.  In the process, they reopen a case involving a slain 12 year old girl.  The suspense, the dram and the incredible exposure to the profession of detective work makes this an incredible read.
1451629184|5.0|Wow!  Great book!  I have such respect for Jaycee Dugard.  She is such a special person to realize that hating the man who did this to her would only hold her back. She is an amazing person.
B003ELOQD4|4.0|I was waiting for this item to receive at home, but what a bad surprise to get a DVD version and not the Bluray version i ordered. The company who sells this item sucks (was a third party), they sent me a DVD instead of a Bluray version of this concert, but simply Amazon customer service cleaned up the mess... i called to ask how to return this item, as it was NOT what i ordered and expected to get... they just refund me all the money and let me keep this item... So i will order this from another source to get this item for real... Thanks Amazon for an amazing service (at least i wasn't charged for this).
B000002A46|5.0|anything Christmas..but I really like most of this one.  I don't usually go for this artist.   Nice to listen to.
1451629184|5.0|This is an amazing story of how this young girl survived a horrible situation.  Although there are some disturbing and emotional details I give her so much praise for being able to open up and share her story with everyone.
0553801473|4.0|Of course you have to read it.  You read the other ones.  OF COURSE you have to read it.<br /><br />My favorite characters may be dead, missing or enslaved, but of course I had to read it.  I waited a bloody long time (years) to sink my teeth in.  The only book that took longer was the newest Jean M. Auel book (and don't read that.)<br /><br />Was it great literature??  Eh.  The first book, second book, and third book rip you to shreds and sew you back up.  Even BETTER than Tolkien, dare I say it?  The 4th book just hurt me like a punch in the gut, and then I had to wait.  I had a baby when I started reading these, and now she's nearly 6.<br /><br />This read is a little confusing, and as he says it goes back in time, but you get serious deja vu.  When you finally catch up to Arya and Cersei and a few others again, they have small sections (maybe 2 chapters each in a book of over 900 pages) This would be okay if the other sections were written to be MORE interesting.<br /><br />But mein gott.  I cannot believe how many horses were eaten because of how many people are stuck in the snow.<br /><br />I like the emergence of some of the wildlings, I love Jon Snow and the watch, want Tyrion to be king, I adore Danaerys (but I'm not a fan of the story as it goes into the slave cities and she sort of pitches her tent and waits for war and disease.)  I'm not too interested in Dorne, could care less about the Iron Islands, and don't really understand what is going on with Bran and the froggy kids (I was really hoping for elves or something, and what happens is actually weirder.)  There are some new characters you might like if you miss Ned Stark, like the lord of Griffin's Roost.  And you'll actually feel sorry for Theon a little.<br /><br />It's worth a read if you are a hardcore fan.  It's not that enlightening or riveting a book unless you are addicted, so if you're not actually in pain from not reading it?  You can wait to borrow instead of buying it outright.  The library wait will be about 2 years, so no whining, we waited for 5.<br /><br />I really like the maps.  I find myself flipping to the map pages to help me visualize where people are.  The non-westeros maps confuse me though, I have the hardcover and looking at the valyria page and moving to the slaver bay page, it's hard for me to tell whether you just keep going east. I need a better legend.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|The 3rd book is as good as the first book in my opinion.  There were so many twist and turns that I never would have guessed - even the end was a surprise.  The whole series is amazing and I wish there was more.      Anyone who gave this less than 4 stars is crazy.
0553801473|1.0|Man, an author having writers block for 10 years seems impossible, but Martin has found a way to make 2 books during that time.
B004K4AVAG|1.0|Let me start off by saying what a huge Lady GaGa fan I am...that being said this has been the biggest waste of money I have spent on an album in a long time. I could have just downloaded two of the singles and been better off. I don't know what the deal is with these songs...they just don't have the same quality as Monster. I don't even want to listen to them...and why so angry? And why all the weird religious references in these songs? Just don't get it. Save yourself some money and just by Born This Way the single and The Edge of Glory.
B003H4I4JU|5.0|*** I AM EDITING THIS REVIEW IN LIGHT OF CARD'S COMMENTS ABOUT GAY MARRIAGE APROPOS OF THE RECENT VOTE IN N. CAROLINA. IT LITERALLY PAINS ME THAT AN AUTHOR CAPABLE OF SUCH GORGEOUS AND NUANCED PHILOSOPHICAL DISCUSSIONS IS REALLY JUST AN UNABASHED BIGOT RIDDLED WITH UNRESOLVED ISSUES ABOUT HIS OWN SEXUALITY. WHILE I'D LOOKED FORWARD TO READING THROUGH THE REMAINDER OF THE ENDER SERIES, THERE'S NOT A CHANCE THIS MAN WILL GET A SINGLE CENT MORE FROM ME. ***<br /><br />A quick read of Card's introduction to the novel explains its genesis as well as how it spawned the retelling of \\"Ender's Game\\" as a full novel.  I'm sure the book is fully enjoyable and generally comprehensible even if you've not read \\"Ender's Game,\\" but I believe you'll get a lot more from \\"Speaker\\" if you've read its predecessor.  Fully contextualized or not, this is an exceptionally well crafted story.  Unlike sci-fi that attempts to catalog and explain every technical marvel of its invented world, Card spent his time developing profound characters within a resonant plot.  The real upside to this approach is that despite being well over two decades since it was first published, none of the tech Card imagined feels silly or dated.<br /><br />Genre-specific comments aside, this is just a great book.  The parable within continues to be relevant.  Ender/Andrew's character is still utterly human and completely identifiable.  In a lot of ways, the character is a human iteration of The Doctor of BBC fame.  Same universal themes, same call to be the best of humanity, especially when it's hard.
B000JIHP88|5.0|My grandson loves this mobile. The music is well done and the forest sounds are soothing.  We have not used the remote control as of yet, but it's got to be a handy feature when the child is older and you don't want to be seen.
B002ZG99TA|5.0|The item looks almost new, just as it was described and it arrived quickly. I am quite satisfied with the DVD because it is a gift.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|I thought the whole series was great, made for a good summer read.  Wish there were more, like the Harry hole books by Jo nesbo
B0051YGX6U|5.0|I have really enjoyed watching this show, I even bought the whole sixth season. Great job guys, now hopefully on the next season the characters will be played by the same actors, because I agree that once you change the actors on a show, it's just not the same. I can't wait to see the seventh season and maybe the same Casteil. Love the twist though.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|After spending most of the evening and early morning burning my way through Ready Player One, I can't stop smiling. When reading, I couldn't stop exclaiming with laughter and glee, delighting in the neverending allusive river.    I feel like the author wrote this book so much for me; I'm just about James Halliday's age, and I go through life spouting the same silly movie quotes, the same memories of Dungeons & Dragons campaigns, dabbling with anime, Atari 2600 surprises, and music from another time that will not die.    If you're anything like me, take the chance to have fun, and enjoy some of your childhood and teens. You will not regret it.
B002JVWR9U|4.0|It is rather a blue paper to [[ASIN:B001P5HRMI Twilight]] I had commented already, of which a comprehensive volume allows much more and better learning and understanding of the issues dealt with blood thirsty human creatures.<br /><br />A story of a town in Virginia happened being a hub of objects transforming.<br /><br />A work grasped attention with beautiful actors performing while things could be more realistic if producers knew of vampires' inability to reflect in mirrors.
0312600844|5.0|It's daunting for an aspiring writer to read \\"Freedom.\\"  The book evokes Tolstoy's \\"Anna Karenina\\" in its ability to depict and explain human nature.  Occasionally some character's actions seem forced to advance the plot.  But this only occurs before that character has had his or turn in the spotlight.  Words like \\"great\\" and \\"stunning achievement\\" are used so casually.  Here, they are richly deserved.
0783226888|5.0|Excellent service from vendor, and would not hesitate to purchase again from this business.  Thank you for your excellent service
B003L77GH4|4.0|Beautiful adult actors [[ASIN:B002JVWR9U continue sex scenes]] in bodies of young adults while fantasy of vampires and werewolves reached new level from a historically-creative summit.<br /><br />It is the further presenting of a blue paper to [[ASIN:B001P5HRMI Twilight]] I had commented already on, of which a comprehensive volume allows much more and better learning and understanding of the issues dealt with blood thirsty creatures.<br /><br />A story of a town in Virginia happened being a hub of objects transforming. It grasped attention with beautiful actors performing while things could be more realistic if producers knew of vampires' inability to reflect in mirrors.
1401216676|5.0|Package came internationally faster than I thought. Having a hardcover of this package is incredibly great and Bolland Proved that he can color this beautifully. Recommended to all that are interested more in the Joker than Batman
1250004349|5.0|Gives a great visual of the disturbing history of what the Jews went through in Paris. It was difficult to put down, and I couldn't wait to pick it up any chance I had.  I had difficulty with the first few chapters going back and forth between past, and present, but once I adjusted to the story flip-flopping back and forth, it definitely captured my attention.  About mid-way through the book stops flipping between past and present, and I kind of missed going back in time.  It was very well written.  I highly recommend.
B000002ITW|2.0|An interesting album although there is precious little of the wonderful harmonies associated with Crosby Stills and Nash. There are rather too many solo performances from this talented band. Neil Young's main contribution to this band's large portfolio is his harmony blends. Unfortunately his solo and, after a while, rather whining sounding voice becomes a little wearing after two or three songs. Nevertheless for fans of CSandN this live album is worth adding to the collection.
B0010SKUYM|5.0|A great ride of a work, especially for lay or armature readers.  A whole new world of fantasy. I loved this book and love this author.  The sequel is equally fantastic and I recommend it to anyone interested in these worlds.
1451629184|4.0|I was so excited to get this book, It delivered mid way through the book, it does explain, what and how but it gets flat in some parts of the book. I read it in a week.
B000YHG72E|5.0|I thought thids was a cute movie. The whole family seemed  to really like it and enjoy watching it on the computer.
0553801473|5.0|I just finished Dance with Dragons and I have to say I am depressed that I may have to wait another 5 years for the next volume.  I truly enjoyed the book as I did the first three volumes of the series (i wasn't that thrilled with Feast For Crows).  I read some of the negative reviews of the book and think some of them were from people who wanted to not like it.  I think anybody who loves the series will enjoy the book.
B0008KLVGY|5.0|I love Jaws, ever sence I was a child.  This is what made me want to be a marine bioglist.
B000E1ZBGS|1.0|The most basic description of Jane Austen's book, \\"Pride and Prejudice\\", is that it is a humorous, romantic satire about the hypocrisy of class distinctions among the landed gentry. That is to say, it's about \\"rich\\" vs. \\"poor\\" (where the poor aren't really all that poor). In England, in the early 1800's--the setting of this book--there was a great deal wrong with system of money and property transfer, which was very patriarchal, and terribly unfair to women, and the behavior of the so-called elite towards those who weren't fortunate enough to be born into wealth. Part of the humor and genius of P&P is how refined, polite and kind the lower-class Jane and Elizabeth behave as compared to Lady Catherine, Miss Bingley, and Mr. Collins, all of whom possess all the appearance of class while being as rude and insulting as possible. Jane Austen was making a tart social statement as well as delivering a heady romance.<br /><br />So what on earth is going on in this film? The Bennets aren't so much landed gentry as flat-out peasants. They all behave abominably. The language isn't playful and dripping with hidden meaning; it's ultra-modernized and dumbed down. As far as the total reinterpretation of the story, I am guessing that the writer and director don't even know what this story is all about or threw it aside in favor of making this into a bodice-ripper.  Mr. Darcy, a member of the highest possible social rank, might look down on Elizabeth as a potential wife for being born to a family with less money, but there is NO way that a man of his stature would EVER propose to someone who lives in squalor and has no manners, as this Elizabeth is portrayed. It's as if they were all blowsy Americans, as opposed to stiff-upper-lip Britons.<br /><br />As far as the performances go, the actors here are dreadful. Keira Knightley is the same character in every single movie she's done--either open mouthed and wide-eyed like a deer in the headlights, or with a pinched and vacant smile. Matthew McFayden has as much range as a saltine cracker. The rest of the Bennet girls are indistinguishable from one another, and in fact, I kept getting Charlotte confused for one of them, because they all looked and acted identical to one another. There was wayyyy too much giggling.<br /><br />The period details are all out of whack. Why is Lady Catherine wearing a hairstyle that was popular around the time she would have been born? Why does Caroline look like a character out of a contemporary sitcom? The whole fast-and-loose approach with the styles, mannerisms, and language of the period make it impossible to mentally inhabit the period they're portraying. The behavior, language, clothing and set design are so completely wrong for the period that the only way this film would work would be as science fiction. They should have avoided doing a period piece at all.as as much range as a saltine cracker. The rest of the Bennet girls are indistinguishable from one another, and in fact, I kept getting Charlotte confused for one of them, because they all looked and acted identical to one another. There was wayyyy too much giggling.     The period details are all out of whack. Why is Lady Catherine wearing a hairstyle that was popular around the time she would have been born? Why does Caroline look like a character out of a contemporary sitcom? The whole fast-and-loose approach with the styles, mannerisms, and language of the period make it impossible to mentally inhabit the period they're portraying. The behavior, language, clothing and set design are so completely wrong for the period that the only way this film would work would be as science fiction. They should have avoided doing a period piece at all.
0375836675|5.0|in a sentence or so: Ed Kennedy receives a playing card in the mail with a series of addresses on it. thus beings his life as the messenger.<br /><br />there's nothing remarkable about Ed. he's the youngest child of a family who lost their father to alcoholism. he's a 19 year old cab driver with three good friends he plays cards with about once a week. he has an incredibly smelly and loyal dog affectionately named The Doorman that he inherited from his late father. nothing really sets Ed Kennedy apart. which is why he can't figure out why it's him, of all people, that gets an ace of diamonds with three addresses and time of day written on it, in his mailbox.<br /><br />slowly, Ed gains the confidence to go to each of these addresses and finds something very different happening at each location. is he really supposed to do something within the lives of these people? why him? why now? Ed's full of questions, and not getting any answers. the only thing he can do is deliver the message...once he figures out what that message is.<br /><br />i read and fell in love with The Book Thief, just like everyone else who's read it, ever. i'm sad that there was something holding me back from reading I Am The Messenger up until now. honestly, the title AND the cover weren't particularly appealing to me. yet, i knew i'd be doing a lot of driving over a two week time frame, and i wanted an audiobook to keep me company. I Am The Messenger was available.<br /><br />i took a chance.<br /><br />i'm so glad i did.<br /><br />this book has left me reeling. it starts with an ace of diamonds. Ed completes those messages. Ed then gets the next ace, and you know that it's going to be three messages...but it's presented in a different way. each task presents a new challenge and a new part of Ed is discovered. his inner musings mature and grow along with his tasks.<br /><br />Ed's personality and voice are what made this book absolutely astounding for me. his character and the ending that i cannot possibly even hint at because it will compromise your experience completely have left me a total fangirl of this work. (if you have read this book, however, please let me know so we can talk about it and all of the implications...i can't stop thinking about it!)<br /><br />there's so much to love about this book. the fact that our main character is a 19 year old male is a great change of pace, but the whole idea driving the book is so fresh and different that i was instantly captivated. Ed is faced with impossible challenges...yet he meets them. Ed is so ordinary...yet he finds the strength to be extraordinary.  sincerely, the ending of this book is intense, emotional, and brought about a complete epiphany within me - which is exactly the point the author was trying to drive home, i expect.<br /><br />Markus Zusak, you are a genius. your turns of phrase and your vivid imagery and the emotions you draw out of your characters and your readers are beyond anything i could have anticipated. thank you for writing literature of this magnitude for the YA literature market.<br /><br />fave quote: since i listened to this on audiobook, i'm not able to draw an exact quote. all i can tell you is Zusak takes his time to phrase things Just Right and everything that is said is worth saying, and therefore, worth reading.<br /><br />fix er up: near the end of the book, there was a lot of summation that i didn't feel was necessary. it was nice to hear Ed recap the events...just not necessary and felt a little heavy.r experience completely have left me a total fangirl of this work. (if you have read this book, however, please let me know so we can talk about it and all of the implications...i can't stop thinking about it!)    there's so much to love about this book. the fact that our main character is a 19 year old male is a great change of pace, but the whole idea driving the book is so fresh and different that i was instantly captivated. Ed is faced with impossible challenges...yet he meets them. Ed is so ordinary...yet he finds the strength to be extraordinary.  sincerely, the ending of this book is intense, emotional, and brought about a complete epiphany within me - which is exactly the point the author was trying to drive home, i expect.    Markus Zusak, you are a genius. your turns of phrase and your vivid imagery and the emotions you draw out of your characters and your readers are beyond anything i could have anticipated. thank you for writing literature of this magnitude for the YA literature market.    fave quote: since i listened to this on audiobook, i'm not able to draw an exact quote. all i can tell you is Zusak takes his time to phrase things Just Right and everything that is said is worth saying, and therefore, worth reading.    fix er up: near the end of the book, there was a lot of summation that i didn't feel was necessary. it was nice to hear Ed recap the events...just not necessary and felt a little heavy.
0316113077|5.0|I am very happy with this book, it gives excellent images, details and instructions. As a beginner baker I have learned so much and love how it has helped me to make all cakes I know bake look so professional! Guests always want to know where I bought my cakes :)
B003K1EYM6|5.0|Very nice product. The quality is nice and 'smooth', as you would expect from Apple. These attachments make it easy to transfer your pictures from the SD card to the iPad, and also to play your video/movies on the iPad, and to see the pictures on the TV via a HDMI cable. We have even managed to watch Netflix movies streamed to the iPad and to see them on the TV via this attachment. Overall, good value for money.
0399215980|1.0|this is a very small book that can fit in the palm of my hand. not worth the money. i should have payed closer attention to measurements
007174889X|5.0|What the reader is immediately struck with it the sense that the editors have put a great deal of effort into making clear presentations of up-to-the-minute (-of publication) data. I've never purchased Cecil's medicine text, but I've found that Harrison's always satisfies. You won't be disappointed.
B0032KNA4I|5.0|Item came quickly; there were NO problems with this purchase. (And I don't need 20  words to say that ...and, twenty!
B004EPZ070|5.0|I thought that this movie was going to be like all the rest of the boring happy ending movies... But in this case it was not in my opinion. I really liked the casting as well as the movie overall. I hope others do too!
B004SMDJ9U|1.0|This is a low budget cheap imitation of \\"Ghost Whisperer\\" with guns thrown in.  The two \\"leads\\" are one-dimensional actors who recite lines like they are overdosed on valium.  Many of the secondary characters try valiantly to save this turkey, but I think it may be a hopeless task.
030788743X|3.0|This is a decent book.  But it's not as mindbogglingly amazing as the other reviews would have you believe. Yes it's chock full of great nerdy pop culture references from the 80s.  Yes the story is epic and entertaining.    It is not, however, a classic.  It's a simple, cliche story, that is definitely entertaining, but that's it.  The writing is decent at its best and cringingly bad at it's worst.  You know the outcome of the story before you even start reading.    Have you read the 4th Harry Potter book? This book is almost EXACTLY that, but set in a dumbed down Snow Crash future.  It's a book for 13 year olds.      Should you still read it? Probably. You'll be entertained.  It's the literary equivalent of a summer blockbuster.
B000NY12LO|5.0|THIS BOOK WAS MAGNIFICENT!!! I AM ONLY 13 YEARS OLD AND THIS BOOK GAVE ME A NEW POINT OF VIEW ON BULLYING AND THE WAY TO TREAT OTHERS! I AM JUST AMAZED THAT ANYONE COULD CAPTIVATE SUCH AN EMOTION INTO THIS BOOK. I AM THANKFUL THAT JODI PICOULT WROTE THIS BOOK AND I AM EAGAR TO READ ANOUTHER. I HOPE EVERYONE ENJOYS THIS BOOK AS MUCH AS I HAVE. :)
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I love every song on this CD.  Growing up I loved Carol King, now I love Adele.  The music speaks to my soul.  I love it, very happy with it.
B004ODLUGM|5.0|A fabulous looking cartoon with an uncomplicated story.  There's enough fringe elements though to hold an adult's interest (loved the bit with the follow-the-leader ants).  Based on a traditional Chinese folk tale, it's one of the more classic themes used in Children's Literature.  I really enjoyed the bonus feature: The making of The Gruffalo.  It was fascinating to see how they came up with the look of this cartoon.
0307593495|1.0|Like many other reviewers, I had heard wonderful things about the Kurt Wallander character and the earlier novels. The Troubled Man was my first KW novel and I'm incredibly disappointed. The book was so incredibly slow moving as we constantly hear about the Swedish weather, tangential information and characters that do nothing but bog you down in useless details. Even at the end, there are numerous loose ends that the author makes no attempt to tie together or explain. Did he just write intriguing twists and turns only to have them turn out to be red herrings or did he just not know how to piece them together? As a physician, I can tell you that his medical characterizations of Alzheimer's disease are absurd, with an ending to this book that is ridiculous and insulting to his many fans.
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|Give the rest of us a break, all reviews below 3 stars!  Either you possess an overly critical nature or you really do not care for period, romantic films very much.  Sure we can have favorites but come on, this was a highly entertaining, well acted, well directed, romantic specimen.  I have seen 2 other Jane Eyre films; Dalton's and Stephens.  All three are very good.  Cinematography was one of the best if not the best with this adaptation.  The development of the main characters was lacking but that does not prevent this from being an exceptional film.  Its primary downfall was that it was too short in length.  True romantics will love this movie.
159448385X|4.0|I found this book to be just as enjoyable as The Kite Runner. Different, but still good. I do like the author's style of writing. Hope to read more of his books in the future...that is, if he has any.
B003O86CJS|5.0|I was looking for one song by Katy Perry and found it on this cd. All her good songs are on here so it's worth the money if you like her music.
B000006RHO|5.0|This is one of those albums that gets better with age. I've listened to it a million times, and I'll probably listen to it a million more. So many good tracks that I don't know where to start. If you love classic metal and you don't have this music, you need to get it. Maiden at its best.
B004L49K2A|5.0|I must admit with the exception of the group's eleventh studio 'Astronaut' I have never actually listen to a complete a Duran Duran album (I also own Greatest). When I first got the group's first single the title track \\"All You Need is Now\\" I was amazed by what I heard it was like they took the best of their 80s catalog and updated with a slightly modern sound (and I mean slightly modern). I loved this album so much that I brought it twice first when it was an itunes exclusive and the superior physical edition. This album was one of two new rock albums that came out this year that I liked. Some highlights of the album are Before the Rain, The Man Who Stole the Leopard (which features vocals by Kelis), Safe (in the Heat of the Moment)[featuring Ana Matronic], Other Peoples Lives, and Mediterrna. Overall this album is a must for Duran Duran fans, new wave/pop rock fans and fan of 80s style music.
B003TJR2HS|2.0|I purchased this gear to keep my Itouch charged and connected to my Pioneer Car Stereo 24/7. Issue 1 is that unless I connect mini USB cord to give extra power, error 11 message appears on stereo face. Ok, not such a big deal obviously that is why it is there right.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the device does not securely connect to the Itouch, and if I accidentally touch or bump the unit, the connection comes loose and getting it reconnected while driving is near to impossible. Having the mini USB at a 90 degree angle to device makes it even more difficult than it would otherwise be if all cords ran parallel.
0545265355|1.0|If you're reading this, is because you want guidance before purchasing these books. Just let me tell you these books are completely not worth it.<br /><br />The story telling is by far the worse I've read in my life, first person is interesting and compelling when well written, and this is not the case. Is just plain boring and it never gets to the point.<br /><br />The character development (as for the 1st book) is just unexistent, the characters are threated like doornobs basically the whole book, except for maybe 2 or 3 people. The 2nd and 3rd book DO have a lot of character development  for everyone besides the protagonist, and that's the only reason I could finish the books.<br /><br />The story ONLY gets a bit interesting in the second book, and even then, it feels like you're going nowhere while reading. I have to admit that it was worth it by the end of the book, where everything starts to make sense. (Not that slow stories with great and shocking endings are not bad, I love them, but Catching Fire was barely interesting).<br /><br />And the third books makes up for ALL the slow pacing in the 1st and 2nd books, everything happens fast paced and basically the plot is bananas, nothing really makes sense.<br /><br />Besides that, the protagonist is either just plain stupid or she has some mental problems, which would make sense in the setting of the book, but I think is the former. She is given clues about basically everything during the whole saga and she never realizes any of the clues. It makes me feel offended as a reader to have such to stand a character so dull and unintelligent.<br /><br />Out of all the books I've purchased and read in my life, this is the one I regret the most. They have no re-read value whatsoever. You'll be better off reading better written books with similar, deeper and more intelligent plots. Just don't go to \\"Related Products\\" or \\"Customers read this also bought\\" because all you get is Twilight and 50 Shades of Gray (which, I can say it with confidence because I read them both in order to properly critize them, are the same). Instead, you can pick up Battle Royale, which you can just get really cheap in a bookstore.<br /><br />TL,DR<br /><br />Go ahead and read something else, don't waste your money or timesay it with confidence because I read them both in order to properly critize them, are the same). Instead, you can pick up Battle Royale, which you can just get really cheap in a bookstore.<br /><br />TL,DR<br /><br />Go ahead and read something else, don't waste your money or time
1451629184|5.0|I haven't started reading this book yet but I am very pleased with the condition that it has come in. I am recommending to my friends that they order their books from Amazon. You can find used and new books on here and they all have come to us in perfect condition at a great price!!
B002T9H2L0|5.0|This movie may not be Tarantino's most artful, star-studded, or controversial film. But I found it to be perhaps his most watchable. The great irony is that the film is full of long dialogue scenes that shy away from Tarantino's usual hipster vernacular, but nonetheless remain laced with wit, polish, and the sheer joy of verbal communication. It does not seem possible that so many extended scenes could exist in one movie, yet each one seems to be the very height of tension. It seems someone always has something at stake: hidden identities, hidden agendas, hidden Jew dairy farmers. The film takes its time, stretching the characters' nerves to the breaking point before finally moving on to the next episode. It's an entrancing bit of work.<br /><br />As usual, Tarantino has a knack for casting. Chrisoph Waltz as an evil Nazi brings a breathtaking sense of joy to his work. This is no one dimensional villain, and his Oscar is every bit deserved. Brad Pitt, as leader of the Basterds, has the most outrageous Tennessee accent ever heard in a WWII movie, and manages to be hilarious every time he steps on stage. The cast is uniformly awesome all down the line.<br /><br />This is one of those movies I've watched again and again on Blu-Ray, because I find the sheer effortlessness of it to be fascinating. It has its fair share of violence, language, and the like, but none of those seem as egregious as past Tarantino efforts. Perhaps because this is his first period film that doesn't take place in the 70s (or pseudo-70s). This movie is in fact based on one of those old B-Movies from the 70s, but once again Quentin proves himself capable of taking back-alley source material and elevating it to fine art.
B004EPZ08O|2.0|The Review:<br /><br />It's another Final Destination movie. Along with the Saw franchise, this is one of Hollywood's old standbys that's ridden a pretty original idea into the ground-well not all the way into the ground. It still manages to be fun as long as you manage your expectations.<br /><br />The Final Destination formula is the same. Right before a major disaster -- think plane crash, roller coaster, huge traffic accident -- the protagonist has a vivid premonition of things to come. Right after he or she sees their own death they snap back to a point right before the disaster and warn their friends to get off of, or out of whatever, or wherever the disaster is about to strike. The twist is that death doesn't like to be cheated and through a series of gory Rube Goldberg like accidents, it will claim the lives of anyone who escaped the initial disaster. The protagonist and his circle of friends take a little while to catch on, but inevitably the series of improbable deaths of everyone who escaped the initial disaster clues the dwindling survivors in. At this point some contrivance is discovered by which the remaining survivors might be able to cheat death.<br /><br />I've just described the plot of every Final Destination film, which is kind of why I'll never recommend you watch any of the later films for the storytelling. The premise of the Final Destination films was fresh until the second sequel. Final Destination is now about one thing and one thing only. That is the insane, weird, and horrible ways in which the cast is killed off. It is a fundamentally shallow movie going experience. There is very little character development, and no proper villain, unless a concept like death can be a villain. This lack of a villain has always made the Final Destination films less about horror than about shock value. Paranormal Activity, The Blair Witch and Ring had moments of real terror. Final Destination relies exclusively on shock value. It's a subtle difference, but why, at least in this viewer's opinion, it's not going to rank up there with movies like the aforementioned Paranormal Activity or the more recent Insidious.<br /><br />Now, while this review has not been glowing, I did in fact have a good time with Final Destination 5. A huge part of that was I saw the film in 3D and the film was shot in 3D. I have also seen all the other movies in the franchise and knew what to expect and what not to expect. In other words, I managed my expectations. Hopefully, this is in fact the final Final Destination, and if it is, the filmmakers have given the series a decent, and even clever ending. I recommend this one for fans of the series and if you do see it, I highly recommend you watch the 3D version.<br /><br />FTC Advisory: We purchased our own tickets.iewer's opinion, it's not going to rank up there with movies like the aforementioned Paranormal Activity or the more recent Insidious.    Now, while this review has not been glowing, I did in fact have a good time with Final Destination 5. A huge part of that was I saw the film in 3D and the film was shot in 3D. I have also seen all the other movies in the franchise and knew what to expect and what not to expect. In other words, I managed my expectations. Hopefully, this is in fact the final Final Destination, and if it is, the filmmakers have given the series a decent, and even clever ending. I recommend this one for fans of the series and if you do see it, I highly recommend you watch the 3D version.    FTC Advisory: We purchased our own tickets.
0307276902|1.0|This is a terrible book! I was sucked in, thinking it was true, and then find out that most of it was a lie. How many other people thought the same thing? I hate it when authors (and there are others) who genuinely pretend that their \\"memoir\\" is fact. It makes me so angry. If you read this book, remember that it is not fact.....it is fiction!!!!
B0052VUNHC|1.0|This story reads like a tedious stream of teenaged diary entries.  The \\"action\\" takes place mainly between the dorm, the apartment and the cafeteria.  The characters are disturbed and unappealing, the story is a tedious combination of angst and droning dialogue, and the setting is dull.  I'm honestly scratching my head at all the rave reviews.  I could barely finish it, and deleted it from my Kindle posthaste.  Sorry I fell for the hype, but it won't happen twice with this author.
0307279189|3.0|I was on the fence between three and four stars here. I think I ended up downgrading it based solely on writing style, not content. It is a fascinating read, and makes me want to go running, which is amazing, cause whenever I run I usually say \\"NEVER AGAIN!\\". And I want to get those shoes that are like you're running barefoot, throw away my regular sneakers, and possibly even try a nice 100 mile ultra-marathon.<br />Problem I had with the writing was that the characters were, for lack of a better word, cartoon-ized. From the fast-running-natives-out-of-touch-with-the-civilized-world, to the hard-drinking surfer dude and dudette, to the academic-frustrated-with-the-establishment, you end up thinking to yourself \\"this is interesting and all, but what were these people ACTUALLY like?\\". There's no way they could be this stereotypical.<br />But all in all a good read, especially for anyone who wishes they could like running more! Now to see if I ever start running...<br /><br />UPDATE FEBRUARY 2013: Since I wrote this review I have completed two full marathons and have signed up for a third this spring. Going from once-a-year doing a 5k to now completing marathons (one below fours hours even!) was a shock that I scarcely would have believed possible before reading this book.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Fun to play and user friendly.  Music is great and relaxing too.  Worth the price. would definetly recommend to others as well.
B00081MUY0|5.0|The title track, which opens the album, is well known and sounds just as fresh today as when it was recorded. Donovan, previously labelled by some as an imitator of Bob Dylan, stunned the music world with this piece, which is as far removed from folk as one could get.    There is however far more to this album. The pace changes completely with track 2, \\"Legend of a Girl Child Linda\\", a sweet fairytale that I think goes on a trifle too long, but nevertheless shows Donovan's ability to create beauty out of utter simplicity.    For me, things really get going with the next song, \\"Three King Fishers\\", which sets the mood that permeates the rest of the album - that mood being moody and contemplative, slightly brooding and menacing. Heavy Eastern influence can be heard on this track, as well as several others, with the use of traditional Indian instruments such as sitar. There is a hypnotic quality to these songs -  Three King Fishers, Ferris Wheel and Guinevere - that allows the listener to drift into a dark fantasy world. In between we have the bluesy \\"Bert's Blues\\", the straight pop-rock of \\"Season of the Witch\\" and \\"The Trip\\", another bluesy number that name checks a selection of characters, real and fictional, including Bob Dylan and Joan Baez. \\"The Fat Angel\\" is another piece of Eastern-influenced psychedelia; the title refers to Mama Cass Elliott,  and Jefferson Airplane also crack a mention. All these avant-garde influences are set aside for the final track, \\"Celeste\\", which is a simple love ballad and the perfect closer for the album.    The bonus tracks are also worthwhile. It's especially interesting to hear an alternative version of \\"Superlungs\\", which surfaced on a later album as \\"Superlungs My Supergirl\\". The instrumentation in the version here is quite different, and is strangely reminiscent of \\"Light My Fire\\" by The Doors.    This album is one that I point to when I want to indicate to people why the late 60s were such a special period in music.
0307887960|3.0|Have heard from friends that this diet works but have not read the whole book yet. Like anything else it will require commitment but looks doable!
B004EPYZZI|5.0|This movie was an excellent pick for purchase.  It can be shown to any age group.  It's Kool, inspirational, teaches hope and determination.  If you want it you can do it or get it!
B003UESJH4|1.0|I could not watch the above video as it came in a form that does not fit my machine. In fact, I am living in Switzerland and should have received a PAL. I will not be able to order more DVDs from you as I won't be able to watch them.
0449000729|2.0|I read the rave reviews and this sounded like a book I would love. I did enjoy the beginning, the prehistoric period, the building of Stonehenge and the cathedral. After that it all went downhill. I was very confused with all the families, where many had the same first names over generations. It finally became a chore and I put it down at about 550 pages.
B000JMKQX0|4.0|The zombie genre has been done to death (pun intended). This book is a refreshing twist on the already overdone genre of zombie stuff. First, this book has several zombie stories told from a variety of viewpoints. I personally have always wondered stuff like what is happening with zombies elsewhere in the world (since most zombie movies take place in cities or way out in the middle of nowhere). I was happy to see that this book shows all the different alternatives. Second, It is a great commentary on society as a whole. People's and governments' responses to the zombie infection really makes you wonder if that's how they'd really do things if zombies (or any other planet-wide catastrophe) really did show up someday. All in all, it's a great book and an enjoyable read.
0307266303|4.0|Well written and enjoyable to read.  Good storyline and for a runner, has a good combination of inspiration and technical information to get out on the trail.  For someone who over-dramatizes going running, it made it more enjoyable and easier to get started.
B000FBJAOG|4.0|At first I thought this book was going to be like those \\"worst-case scenario\\" books (lots of pictures and little info). I'm happy that the author took it seriously and this really is quite in depth on how to defend yourself from zombies. It's a great read and the part I really liked was the timeline of previous zombie attacks. I love history and thought it was really cool how he even intertwined some of the events together (i.e. the frozen Cossack being discovered).<br /><br />The one criticism I have is that some of the information is repeated more than once. This is good I suppose if it were real, but it can be a little repetitive.
B004LAIU4I|2.0|Not what I expected for a Paul Simon album - not the traditional music and lyrics of Paul Simon. forget about it.
B004H4XLR4|5.0|Very nice toy for my nephew! He was very excited to play with this toy!  I would highly recommend this item.
B001IMR7RS|5.0|The whole album does not have one bad song. All the songs are hard hitting and allow for plenty of headbanging. It is truly a legendary masterpiece and a must buy for any metal/rock music fan.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|Very good cd really like the title song.Would reccomend this cd to yes fans.The new singer is pretty good and the music is real good.
B000H5U832|1.0|In ways I felt the same about this movie as I did with Gnomeo and Juliet. It is just terrible and not organized. I think a reasonable car movie would be something involving all of the NASCAR races on ESPN and ESPN 2 with real people in the cars racing them and do the animation that way. I hate it when there are talking cars.   Cars aren't meant to talk. They are meant to drive and stop when supposed to without talking. This is my opinion. Just because you don't think this is right doesn't mean it's not helpful. Be kind.
B0001ZMWQO|5.0|I got into Franz Ferdinand after hearing \\"Do You Want To\\" as an anime intro and Jacqueline as a cover.  Then I listened through everything they had on Youtube a ton.  They had interesting vocals and some very catchy melodies.  This CD has several of my favorites, including \\"Take Me Out\\", \\"Jacqueline\\", and \\"40 ft.\\"
B001OQCV2E|1.0|The one time I watched this movie I thought it was terrible. Before I watched it I had heard from classmates about what they thought and they said it was about the world ending in 2012 involving the Mayans calendar. It was nothing like that. It was a lot of subtitles and nothing about the world going to end. I want this movie to be a remake. THIS TIME DON'T FAIL. MY RATING =F-.
0470474874|5.0|Definitely a book that will provide all the insights you need to use excel. A real bible for it. It is a must have, for all those who work will excel and do a bit more advanced analysis of data
B000O8OTNC|5.0|A nice little sharpener for the money, what else do you want for around $10?? Recommended for E.D.C. knives or camp knives.
B000LB7G00|5.0|Picked this up after I saw my friend bring it into studio. After trying it out for a couple of minutes I was sold, ordered one the same day and thanks to amazon student prime I was using it within two days.    I like the fact that the mouse can be used with all the programs I used; Revit 2011/2012, AutoCAD 2011, ArchiCAD, Rhino, Google Sketchup, Google Earth, Photoshop and 3DS Max.    It has a great feel on the hand and like the fact that the controls can be customized for each program, from direction to sensitivity to button function.     It also has the perfect weight to it so that it is not moving all over the surface you are working on. I wish it would come with a carrying case like the smaller one since I didn't just want to toss it into my backpack or laptop bag, but I did buy a small neoprene camera lens pouch and it fits perfect for protection.    Once you get use to your personalized control settings using the 3D mouse becomes natural and increases productivity because no longer are you doing everything with a simple mouse.
B000001EUR|2.0|I must first say that LOVE AT FIRST STING is one of the greatest albums of all time. However, the description on Amazon claims that it is remastered; IT IS NOT! I own the original CD release, and this disc is no different--at all!! Not in packaging or in sound quality or EQ. Nonetheless, if you don't already own the music, I highly recommend buying a copy; great CD!
B00503BN1M|4.0|Arguably one of the best rom coms I have seen this year. Good chemistry between the actors which puts it up several notches. There are some viable points in here about second chances in love and/or just moving on after a hard breakup  but especially on how the parents have much more of an impact on the future love lives of their children than they expect. Wallace and Chuck are the most amusing supporting cast characters and it's nice to see Kevin Kline as always.  The ending is predictable but that's what the audience wants 98% of the time so what did you really expect? HUMOR: B plus; CHARACTER/DIALOGUE: B plus to A minus; STORY/PLOTTING: B to B plus; FOR OUR TIMES FOCUS: B to B plus;  WHEN WATCHED: mid August 2011; OVERALL GRADE: B plus.
030788743X|5.0|I loved this book:)  I couldn't stop reading it.  Sad to see it end, but a great journey.  It has been a long time since I felt so compelled to tell my friends about a book, to like it on Facebook, and write a glowing review on Amazon.  I was born in in 1971--so grew up pretty close to the timeline.  That being said--I think knowing the references only makes the book better, the story itself stands alone.  Only problem with finding a book like this so early in an author's career--nothing else to dive into after it is done.
B003V4AK8E|4.0|I bought a  PS3 for my grandkids to play.  They absolutely love the Playstation & this controller is a great addition for them.  I works great with 2 players but trying to play with 3 is a problem, although not sure why, but the controller will not work when 3 or more are playing.  With only 2 it is great.  The kids especially like the grip of the controller.  It is bigger & a more comfortable hand fit for my 15 year grandson.  They also like the looks of it as it looks like an XBox controller.  Overall it gets a good rating from my grandkids.
B000ASATZ8|5.0|I am not writing a movie review, I bought this set for my son who loves these movies.    I was nervous about the purchase because of the price for four movies.  The movies are packaged well, all complete and in perfect condition.  If you like, or want these movies, this distributor did wonderful!
1451629184|5.0|This book is very serious, scary, and powerful.  You don't know if you can go on to read the book.     It is sad, but I enjoyed the book. Well done
B004HO6I2E|5.0|Went to see this movie, it was truely hysterical.  Women are going to have to be a little opened minded if they don't like nudity of women but I simply loved it and can't wait for it to come out on dvd.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|loved it couldn&apos;t stop playing till I beat it so addictive, hope they come out with a expansion for HTC because I can&apos;t wait for more from them.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is a beautiful game. It&apos;s very tranquil and serene while tugging at your brain with its challenges. Definitely worth the money.
B0041T52S6|5.0|First off, this is not my account. I'm using my dad's. (I'm 13)  Anyway, I thought that the film looked so-so when I saw the trailer, but my dad was definitely not interested. I didn't get to see it in theaters. When it came out on DVD, he wouldn't let me rent it, thinking that it was stupid. Well, just a week ago, I saw the movie at a friend's house. I loved it. I got my mom to take me out to buy it. After I purchased it, I could not put it down. I've watched the movie seven times, the cast commentaries, the bloopers, and the deleted scenes. I've loved every minute of it. Be warned. If you have important business to do, such as school work, do that first. This movie is addictive.
1932100660|5.0|Dr. Campbell has approached nutritional science with no preconceived ideas.  He has thoroughly investigated and now understands the implications of dietary habits which he shares with the world in this easy to read book.  This man deserves the highest reward!
0691142165|4.0|I usually steer clear of economic histories because they tend to be reductionist and are about as interesting as watching paint dry.  A friend recommended this book after we were discussing what Reinhart and Rogoff have dubbed \\"The Second Great Contraction\\".  I picked it up and was glad to see that even abstruse economic theory was explained in clear language.  I actually laughed when I read, \\"Perhaps Latin America would have done better in terms of economic stability had the printing press never crossed the Atlantic.\\"
0316098329|4.0|Room by Emma Donoghue was one of the most talked about books of 2010.  It is told from the point of view of Jack, a five year-old boy who has only known life in the small room where his mother has been held captive for many years.  This is Jack's \\"normal\\"...he does have TV and considers things like the ocean to be just television, whereas the Table and Wardrobe (where his mom has him hide when the captor visits at night and Jack counts the bed squeaks) are \\"real.\\"  It is in the early stages of the book that his mom tries to explain that the world is bigger than she previously allowed him to know.      There's a lot of great craft here.  Jack personifies the objects in the room because they are all he has.  His mother has done an amazing job giving richness to their limited world and he has a great deal of difficulty comprehending the outside world.  The language is very much that of a child and it takes some adjustment to get used to the voice.        I'd give this 3.5 stars and will round up to 4 for the half-star-phobic rating sites.  I liked it, I just didn't LOVE it.  The characters were well-done.  Jack's mother is an amazing parent but also definitely flawed, which I appreciate.  Jack's view feels on-point.  Without all the hype, I might have been at four stars without the rounding...it's always hard to live up to being so talked about.
B005D9MUWY|4.0|Productive with just the left hand in portrait mode. Until  I figured that out  was just OK. Feature request- text expansion.
0743297334|2.0|Although I have a house full of books, bursting with books, book shelves in every room, piles of books on a chest of drawers by the back door waiting for new shelves to be built, books along the edges of steps leading to the second floor, stacks of books in the master bedroom waiting their turn to be read...  I oftentimes find that the book I am reading whispers the name of the next book, or next several books, rather than I having the luxury to choose for myself. This was definitely the case with \\"The Paris Wife\\", the subject of my last review.  I discovered while I was devouring it that when living in Paris at the beginning of his writing career, Ernest Hemingway became enamored with Bull fighting in Spain. He went to Pamplona several times to take in the contests, after first being introduced to them through stories told by Gertrude Stein (a friend of Hemingway's who was also an ex-pat living in Paris, and who also became a famous author).  In fact Hemingway's first child was named John Hadley Nicanor Hemingway.  Nicanor Villalta was the name of a famous toreador who artfully slay his bull the first time Hemingway took his wife, Hadley, to the fights while she was pregnant with their son.  Hemingway's first novel and work of substance, as well as the subject of this review, was \\"The Sun Also Rises\\", a story woven around and through the passion Hemingway felt for bullfighting.    In 1926, while Hemingway was living in Paris, he took his wife and a group of friends to Spain for the week long festival.  There were seven people in the party, mostly Americans familiar with each other from living in Paris and traveling in the same social circle.  There was one other woman besides Hemingway's wife in the group, Lady Duff Twysden, who had once upon a time in one of her previous unions, married into her title.  She went by Duff.  She was beautiful, glamorous, and made it a point of attracting the attention of the men around her in spite of the fact that she was engaged tobe married to another member of the party, Pat Guthrie.  Pat drank too much and didn't hold his liquor well, but even so he was cognizant of the mutual flirtations that were going on around him involving his fiancee.  To add to this amorously charged and stress-filled atmosphere, another member of the group, Harold Loeb, had only just returned from a romantic tryst at St.-Jean-de-Luz with Duff.  Harold was head-over-heels for Duff, and felt that after having her to himself for a week, he had a legitimate claim to her.  She was finished with Harold by then in her off-hand way, and had moved on to the attentions of Hemingway...  During the course of the week, Hemingway, Harold and Pat circled Duff with the intensity of sharks at a feeding frenzy, which created an aura of discomfort for all of the friends.    The \\"Sun Also Rises\\" takes place in Pamplona during the bullfighting festival in July. It is actually based on the trip Hemingway planned for his friends.  Interestingly Hemingway chose not to include his wife in the novel, even though she was present during the actual event.  In the book there is continuous inebriation, arguing, and fighting over the favor of Brett, who plays the part of Duff.  The twist is that Brett trifles with the men, but sets her sights on conquering the beautiful young toreador after she sees the grace, power and fearlessness of his performance in the ring.    It was interesting to read this book after having an understanding for Hemingway's life when he wrote it.  It was also fascinating to know that Hemingway based this book on a real life experience.  It was like having a window into his existence. Unfortunately, I can't honestly say I enjoyed his writing style.  I know it is said of Hemingway that the power of his writing came from his ability to be succinct.  I found, however, that his writing lacked the richness of description and analogy, which made it feel flat.  He also repeated words and phrases, which I thought tedious.  I am keeping in mind that this was Hemingway's first novel, and that he was not yet a literary giant when he wrote it.  I am looking forward to reading \\"A Movable Feast\\", which was the last book Hemingway wrote before his death.  It is a reminiscence of his life in Paris with Hadley.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I loved it as a computer game and love even more since its on my phone....getting it for free just makes that even better
B0055SWM08|1.0|I have installed 4 times, freed up extra space and it will still not run. wish I could get a refund.
B0002F6AH0|1.0|The videos that I received were supposed to be new but the videos had no sound when they were played
B003QP4BJM|5.0|This is a well-organized, very readable, very entertaining, outstanding analysis of the history of civilization that deftly combines economics with anthropology and other of the hard sciences. I could not put it down. I will be buying the hard copy because it will be one of those books to have ready at hand.<br /><br />Anyone with a libertarian perspective will enjoy the historical and scientific confirmation of their theories. Anyone questioning the libertarian perspective will have an ample amount of examples to counter-explain. Ridley explains his evidence in way that is entertaining, easy to understand, and easy to convey to others. This is just the work that abstract economic theoreticians need to bolster their a priori postulating (not that there is anything wrong with that).<br /><br />The Kindle version worked well enough. However, this work is rich with references yet contains no footnotes in text. Instead, endnotes are used that refer to specific passages. Yet the endnotes do not hyperlink back to the text. The index also does not hyperlink to the text. Not a very modern or convenient way to produce an electronic book. It diminishes substantially the value of the Kindle version of this great work.
B003L77GRO|5.0|I love Dexter. I think it's an amazing show that isn't afraid to take risks. I always thought this show would end with Dexter being caught or killed but Season 5 introduces a third choice that I never saw coming. Dexter as a human.     There are little hints throughout the season that point to Dexter possibly having the ability to finally let go of his Dark Passenger for good. His reaction to Astor being  missing was a genuine emotion that we haven't really seen before from him. When Harry says, \\"What's rule number 1?\\" and Dex replies, \\"Never hurt an innocent\\". Wrong, rule number 1 is: \\"Don't get caught.\\" Dexter is starting to put other people ahead of himself. When he broke the plate in the final episode. Another genuine feeling.    I think it's possible Dexter could recover from being born in blood. And I just ordered Showtime to see if he does, because I can't wait a whole year for the DVD release to find out.......
1400049628|5.0|This is seriously the best book I've ever read. If you've got $8 and some free time on your hands don't hesitate to buy this book. If you are someone like me who believes in the rapidly approaching zombie Apocalypse then this book is for you! Honestly it's well written, and heck even has pictures to boot!    Onto the amazon part I guess...  Ordered with Amazon prime 2 day shipping arrived in 1.  Came in a small folded and glued box, no damage to book.  Obviously new condition and high quality.
030788743X|5.0|I have just read what may be the best first novel I have ever read.    Ready Player One by takes place in 2045, and the world pretty much sucks. Fossil Fuels are gone, and easy travel with it. Most of the world is poor, overpopulated, and desperate. The only reprieve is OASIS, a virtual world that is a combination of the internet, media streaming, and MMORPG. The OASIS has been hugely profitable, and the man who invented it was a multi-billionaire.    The creator of the OASIS was also a mega geek obsessed with the '80s, the time when he was a teenager. When he died, he left his entire estate and control of the virtual world to the first person who could complete the search for the easter egg he coded into OASIS. The key to finding the treasure is in the Pop Culture of the '80 sci-fi videogame geek culture.    Ready Player One tells the story of a kid searching for the prize.    This world is awesome and terrible, and on top of the worldbuilding there are very real and believable characters.    This book is written for anyone who has ever quoted Monty Python, Highlander, Star Wars, or Star Trek. It is written for anyone who has ever played Joust, Pac-Man, Dig dug, or Tempest. It is written for anyone who has created a character in D&D, Gurps, WoW, or City of Heroes. It is in short, written for me, and for anyone else who is a proud geek.    Read it, It's a moral imperative.
030788743X|5.0|I just wanted to post a quick review, nothing too in depth or anything.  I'm only maybe a third of the way through the book, but I absolutely love it.  You're sucked in almost immediately into the world, and the protagonist's quest.  As a nerd who has played D&D all of my life, and seen many of the movies and played the various videogames, this book captures a pretty unique perspective and entertaining bit of cultural history.  Overall, this book simply rocks.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Great movie for home viewing.  We initially saw this movie on the big screen. But it was not a 'let down' to view it on the small screen.
B0056NYMXC|4.0|This is Kelly's best CD yet. She really shows what those vocal chords can do and the songs are catchy.
0061784788|5.0|I have officially read every book by James Rollins now.  The first one I read was Altar of Eden and from there I was hooked!  I LOVE the Sigma Force series!!!  James Rollins gives you non stop excitement.  My only 2 complaints would be that sometimes he gets a little too detailed with the scientific stuff and a few of his books depict the military characters in a not so flattering light-more like bumbling idiots.  Overall the books are extremely entertaining and very interesting as he pulls from a lot of interesting facts and builds a great fictional storyline around it.  I also love how he takes all around the globe in these adventures!  Afterwards I am always thinking \\"Wow, what if\\".  I know it must take an enormous amount of time to research all of these intriguing things but I don't know how I will make it a  year without a James Rollins book.  It would appear that he releases one about once a year. :(((  Keep up the great work!!!
B0019OP0GU|1.0|I've tried it in my DVD player, my laptop (bought about a year ago), my Xbox 360 slim, and another DVD player.  Returning this.  I really wanted to watch Emma Watson.  :[
0345529057|4.0|It's unnecesary to say more about GRRM epic series. All is said, the US Tolkien has all that is necesary for a book to be read. Emotion, suspense and even some laugh.
0967175429|4.0|ok, I'm an OPEN MINDED doctor who cured myself of cancer using BOTH western, herbal, and alternative inner things to survive ovarian cancer in 1996. I am open minded, ok? So all you guys who blindly believe everything won't like what I have to say--but those of you who have some SENSE please read this!     This book has some good IDEAS. She keeps changing her story even in this book though. I am VERY sensitive to reading, and how the conciousness--you could call it--of the words flow. Well....she has SCIENCE, written well (no way by her) and then interspersed with bad grammer and awful silly 'science' that is mixed in like it is ALL PART OF THE SCIENCE AND THEREFORE TRUTH.     IF she had seperated the part where SHE has HER understanding of 'shadow DNA', and all...then it would have been more credible. But well written science suddenly interspersed with awful, untrue science (HER feelings about inner happenings, astral DNA???=shadow DNA?) where she MIXES it all up to TRY to sound credible... Well, ANYONE with ANY science background will vomit. IF she seperated all HER stuff from the science--then it would be ok...but it feels WRONG, feels like FRAUD, to try and pass it off as 'science'. I BELIEVE WE CAN HEAL OURSELVES, YES. There are more things under the sun...than western medicine. I am living proof of the spiritual nature of healing.     BUT, there is a limit to what is TRUTH and what is a mixed up pitch to brainwash you of lots of money, and to give your own power to heal yourself away to another. Going to the \\"seventh plane\\" is something MASTERS do. Her descriptions sound like one of the MANY (hundreds) of sub-inner planes that are ALL part of the ASTRAL plane. Not the 7th plane. To \\"COMMAND\\" God to heal someone, and to TAKE the energy to do it and DEMAND to witness? You are playing with fire.There is a fine line between WHITE and BLACK magic. Once you manipulate it to do YOUR bidding (remember you are commanding a CERTAIN outcome here!)..you cross a line. If she was so SURE God was doing the healing and not herself manipulating energy to do her bidding (considered white magic by most if you do 'good'...but considered black by myself as you are commandeering energy and NOT trusting God to do \\"THY WILL BE DONE\\")....then why does she act like a 'Guru', welcome adulation and lots of money for the classes and 'healngs'? THETA waves cannot be found an a scalp EEG, as she states either. THETA waves are deep hippocampal waves that need electrodes IN BRAIN MATTER to register! So, another lie. I WOULD CHALLENGE HER TO HOOK UP SCALP ELECTRODES AND DEMONSTRATE THIS IMPOSSIBILITY.    SHE HAS SOME innovative, creative ideas. People who BELIEVE will find a healing because they BELIEVE.     YOU CAN HEAL YOURSELF w/o all of her money making ideas messing you up and taking your own inner power away. STICK TO THAT. (CLASSES HERE (in my state) ARE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS!)  You have no idea WHY someone has an illness; perhaps they are paying back an old karmic debt that NEEDS re-paying. I had to dig DEEP to find out WHY i had ovarian cancer. When I realized the WHY, I could let it go--as the lesson was learned! If I had been 'healed', then I would have gotten something else to pay back that debt!    Please listen to reason. You should not ask to heal anyone else but yourself. If you try and guide another through it, then THEY should ask for a healing and TRUST God knows what they need! Enough said? Use some of her ideas, but do not get caught in the hype! Why 4 stars? so readers will SEE this and think about it. Good ideas, and some innovative healing visuals, but please use common sense too. Heal yourself, and let others realize the WHYS before they 'heal', so they stay healed and their karma remains theirs--not yours!  ps. again, there ARE many GREAT healing ideas here. Just use them on YOU...and I'm not in Iraq anymore; was wounded and retired in 2010. Blessings to be ALIVE, yes! TREASURE life, with all its ups and downs!
B004GUSG4M|4.0|This book is very different from anything I have read before. Once I understood the main gist of the story, I just wanted to fast forward to the end. The middle got a little monotonous and boring at times. The ending was a shocking surprise. This is definitely a book worth reading.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Vendor did a great job.  I will definitely be a repeat customer. And this is really a great compact disc.
0316067938|5.0|I am a Twilight fan and have read all the books.  This is my absolute favorite and I am contemplating reading it again because I enjoyed it so much the first time . . .
B000BCE918|5.0|This is the first time I've ordered a used movie and am extremely satisfied with the purchase! I always liked this trilogy, and am a big fan of both Sam Niel and Jeff Goldblum. The product was delivered in a timely manner and in \\"like new\\" condition as advertised.    I would highly recommend the movies and the seller.
1423399994|5.0|I read (or I should say listened to) last year a Couple of times I Enjoyed it Very Much! Fi & Simon Were Very Good together once the got to know each other At First was a little Rocky to say the least  lol I Couldn't put it Down Enjoyed the Characters and the Story line
B00197U13Y|5.0|Bedlam In Goliath is a great all around album! I would suggest this album to someone who is new to The Mars Volta. Only had it about a week now and have listened to it over and over.
1569242739|5.0|I just got this book, and so far have only made the 'cookies n cream' cupcakes; however, those were the best cupcakes I've ever eaten, really.  I've had my fair share of cupcakes and other baked goods over the years, and was surprised at how amazing these cupcakes were.  After making and eating these cupcakes, part of me wonders why anyone uses animal-derived ingredients in cupcakes.  I love frosting, and this frosting is really, really good, very rich.
B003E48AYC|5.0|Tim Burton's rendition of this classic is fabulous.  I especially loved the Red Queen and the Hatter.  Pure genius in all castings though.  Alan Rickman's voice for Epsilon the wise was wonderful.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I laughed and cried reading this wonderful book by Garth Stein.  I especially loved the setting, Seattle WA since I used to live there :).  The unique persepctive from the dog makes it fun and funny and there are many tidbits of life advice that you will not forget.  A quick read because you don't want to stop.  Loved it, thanks!
1608191664|5.0|All too often in economics, as well as other social sciences, theories backed by frequently repeated narratives become law. The burden of proof just becomes less as time goes on and the public begins to internalize erroneous assumptions as fact. Ha-Joon Chang turns economic \\"common sense\\" on its head by introducing neglected histories and phenomenal quantitative comparisons. He dismantles the old knowledge regime while giving the reader a new appreciation for non-free-market forces, although as you will learn, there is no \\"free\\"-market (see chapter/thing one).    The book takes a peak at 23 obscured facts regarding market economics and the global economy. Almost all 23 will come as a surprise to those new to globalization critisism. For those who have Chang's last book, Bad Samaritiams, this book has a similar feel and is every bit as informative. Most of the information presented runs counterintuitive to widely held beliefs on free-markets, but Chang provides ample evidence through empirical analysis to support his findings.     Besides being an incredibly valuable book for any student of economics, it is also a very fast read given the set-up of the chapters (6-8 pages long); I got the book on Tuesday afternoon and I'm writing this review after finishing on Thursday evening of the same week (granted I've been voraciously reading since I opened it.) The text is very diverse in its potential uses; it could be used to supplement course material for a class or just as a casual read for someone trying to get a better grip on reality during these tumultuous economic times. In any event, Ha-Joon Chang has made a great contribution to the economic knowledge pool with this book!
1401307450|5.0|AK is kind of crazy, well his life has been crazy.. while you're reading this you just can't believe all of the \\"adventures\\" he have lived. Drugs-sex-funk-punk-his family-his friends- red hot chili peppers- and more drugs!.. I fully recomend this book.. If you are RHCP fan you'll love it!
B002G1YPH0|5.0|When I was in high school, I was so cool people asked me to make an instructional pamphlet about being cool.    I didn't; I was too cool.    I wasn't, however, too cool for school. So, after getting an adequate education and learning such scholarly topics as 'rational thought', I eventually grew into an individual of good judgment.    This judgment is why you're reading this. I purchased this CPU cooler after much research, and its effectiveness and overall value are sitting out there in a field for everyone to see. The noisy mess that used to be my stock cooler has been replaced with a quiet hum. I overclock my CPU (because I'm cool), and the stock cooler was too pathetic, wimpy, and inadequate to do anything other than be an embarrassment to itself, its family, and its ancestors. Mr. Cooler Master, on the other hand, does the trick. It is literally cool.    One thing to note, this thing is huge, and you have to smash a screw driver against your motherboard to get it on. Check the measurements of your case before you buy this, because if it doesn't fit it's a reflection of your poor planning ability. You don't want to hurt your own feelings.
B000W796OM|5.0|What is there more to say, it is Harry Potter.  I read all the books and now have all the movies except Deathly Hollows 2, which is not yet out on DVD.
B0052KJ5UO|1.0|I bought this without knowing if was an actual vinyl record until it showed up at my house. I didn't even know they still sold them. I have to admit it was my fault. I didn't read it right. I don't even know anybody that has a record player. They only thing that saved me is it has a free download. I'll read the description more closely next time
B003FSTN52|5.0|To fully appreciate \\"The Good Wife,\\" the first three episodes must be seen.  They clarify the subtlety of the series and the restrained approach of the lead actress.  The restraint is so taut, that another character, Kalinda, almost takes over the show - she is feisty.  Arguably, this is one of the great series in TV history.  You can compare it to the first two seasons of the great \\"Hill Street Blues\\" to see its glimpse approach to show everything.  For example, a winning statement in a trial ends coverage of the trial.  You know who won, so the show moves on.<br /><br />If you take TV seriously and its evolution (e.g. male sexuality is treated very straightforwardly at times), then this show is for you.
159514188X|2.0|Before I write my feelings on this book, I want to remind those reading it, that it is a work of fiction. And fiction is written for one purpose only: to entertain people (two purposes if you count raking in tons of money, but let's forgetting that is why some write books these days for a moment.)<br /><br />The concept of Thirteen Reasons Why didn't seem like something I would be interested in, however so many seemed to like it that I thought I would give it a chance. A girl, Hannah Baker, commits suicide and then sends out these audio tapes to the people who were ultimately the reasons why she killed herself. The story follows Clay Jensen (one of the person on the tapes) as he listens to her story and goes to the locations she indicates around town to, I guess, somehow gain more insight into what happened.<br /><br />I have a couple issues with this book. Firstly, the supposed reasons Hannah has for killing herself....ridiculous. Wow, I was expecting something a bit more...deep or traumatizing. The two most affecting stories she had to tell, (and I truly HATE to say this) she really got into them herself, almost as if she knew what was going to happen. If you read it, I think you would see what I am referring to. Hannah real wasn't even likable either because of what she was doing to the people who really hadn't done anything wrong to her (Clay and Tony). As I was reading it I could definitely see that this is what a grown man felt a teenage girl would apparently kill herself over. I understand the need to warn kids about the pressures of high school and harm of bullying or creating rumors, but this particular instance was not really an enjoyable piece of writing. And like I said before, that is the reason for reading fiction books.<br /><br />Secondly, the simultaneous narration of Clay and Hannah was hard to follow. I would say I read at a fairly moderate pace and since every other sentence was another narrator, I became confused quite easily and had to go back and reread to make sure I knew what was happening with each one of them. I understand the necessity for it and I can't say that it was done poorly, but it wasn't something I personally enjoyed.<br /><br />I don't think this book would really help anyone in anyway if that was an underlying goal. It is just another piece of fluff in a genre that already has too much.I knew what was happening with each one of them. I understand the necessity for it and I can't say that it was done poorly, but it wasn't something I personally enjoyed.    I don't think this book would really help anyone in anyway if that was an underlying goal. It is just another piece of fluff in a genre that already has too much.
B004XDYJRU|4.0|My biggest gripe with this app is that it had no true 4x1 widget. Even when it looks to be 4x1, it is really 4x2.
B002WY65VU|5.0|I only purchased 3 movies this year. I own over 200 DVD's. Zombieland is pure gold and no. 1 John Carpenters Vampires was no' 2 and The book of Eli was no. 3 All worth owning. I had a 4th pick this years Priest but will wait until in comes off of the $20.00 mark and goes for $10.00 I can wait.<br />But Zombieland is the big score for this year. A great Woody Harrelson film and must own Comedy/Horror piece for anyones collection. A perfect fit for anyone who enjoyed Underworld, Dawn of the Dead, and Battle of Los Angeles, and Eli.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I don't need to go into detail as so many others already have.  Let me just state that I am a literary snob who seldom finds novels that truly grip me (especially on multiple levels).  Each book was impossible to put down.  And I was deeply invested in the world the author created, concerned for the characters and moved by the story.  But I was also left very moved by what the author was ultimately trying to say.  It's hard to believe that something so well written is marked as junior fiction.
1932100660|5.0|As a nutritional hobbyist, I thought I was up on all the latest valid scientific research regarding antioxidants, flavanols etc.  After reading Dr. Campbell's book, I realized how clueless I was and how simple the answer was -- eating a well-rounded plant based diet which naturally contained the antioxidants and flavanols all in a synergistic relationship as nature intended.  The negative research about the effect of animal protein and fat came as no surprise.  I've changed my diet in accordance with THE CHINA STUDY and within a month my lifelong respiratory allergies were gone.  The part that incites anger is the stronghold the food and drug lobbies have on what's most recommended, even for school lunches.  I congratulate Dr. Campbell for his thorough and objective book and his courage in attacking the sacred cows (no pun intended)  of corporate nutritional research and their obviously biased, self-serving recommendations.
B0015AARJI|1.0|I never received it!!!!I am still waiting and it has been over a month!I am extremely disappointed in the service.
0316056863|1.0|I waited a long time to get this from the library after seeing a review of the book.  I immediately put aside my other reading because I was so excited to delve into the book.  While I really have never watched 30 Rock, and I never watch SNL I am aware of Tina Fey particularly after she did Sarah Palin which I found quite funny, and would probably support that she is very talented.    However, the book is really lacking in substance.  I wish she would have spent more time on her childhood as I always like to read about where stars come from.  The most I have been able to emit is a few chuckles here and there but nothing laugh-out-loud funny.  I love people with a quick wit and I bet she has one, but it was not evident to me at all in this book.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|Stopped playing it after reaching high levels and amazon somehow reset it and had to start over.  It requires the amazon app to be running in memory I think.  Wait until you can backup your levels before buying.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|It took me several pages to get into the mindset of reading a book from the perspective of a five year old, but once I did I loved it. If the book didn't start out so slow with some needless details, I would've given it a 5 star review.
1416596585|4.0|First I must confess that I am a life-long geek-nerd and love all things about technology and business. Therefore, I am slightly biased towards books like this. I have a Droid and wouldn't be caught dead without my Google GPS... Now that I have put forth my disclaimers... I absolutely loved this book! It's the first time I've gotten so wrapped up in a business history book. Levy has an outstanding way with words, and his story-telling gift has allowed him to take what could have been a very dry telling of the Google story and make it interesting for the \\"everyman\\". Occassionally, he gets a little too deep in the technology, but one can forgive him for this because the story is so rich.    Essentially \\"in the plex\\" is a story of how Google got started and opens the door wide on its culture, visions, and business strategy. The only reason why I did not give it 5 stars was because it is slanted. Either he is truly enamored with Google or he agreed not to say anything negative. It's almost a PR piece for Google. No organization is flawless, but he paints Google and its founders as angels.     It's an excellent read, well written, and should be read by all who want a peek into The Google and the future.
B004TJ1H3C|5.0|I think one of the requirements to be a Nielsen viewer is to be a complete retard.  That's the only reason I can see Jersey Shore getting picked up forever and quality shows getting axed.<br /><br />Although I admit that season one of SU was kind of tedious at points trying to work in all the relationship stories the second season really left that behind and focused more on the myth, story, and action.  I found the second half of the second season to be incredibly enjoyable although I knew when I saw that last episode it was all over.  It's a crying shame this stupid channel cancelled this show.<br /><br />SyFy, I used to like you but ever since you changed your channel name it's become crap.  Did some executive not understand what Sci Fi meant and write it wrong one day so everybody just followed along not wanting to get fired or something?  SyFy??  Come on.  Let's spell every word wrong from now on to be cool.  ComiCon?  SyFy would want to change it to KahmiKahn.  And by the way those horrible movies you keep making sucks on soooo many levels.  Really.<br /><br />Since I know that SyFy will cancel any good show it starts right at its peak why the hell bother watching their shows at all?  Why get lured into their shows only to be punched in the face when it'll inevitably get cancelled.  I heard Eureka just got cancelled as well.  Warehouse 13 got picked up for another season but I fear it'll be its last.
B00428ZRFY|4.0|It really was very lucky in my purchase at Amazon have come in great condition. If it had come sooner I'd have been perfect, but ok! Keep up the good work!
B002PQ7JQK|5.0|I almost didnt get this reading some of the other reviews. the fact of the matter is that you can turn the enhanced visuals and audio on and off as you please. You might watch an episode both ways, right after one another! Hoe cool is that? If you're a purist... just watch the original! Its your choice.<br /><br />The Discs themselves are professional looking and labeled (not blank, and they DO NOT contain HD-DVD versions)<br /><br />I'm so glad I waited for these. I couldnt be happier.
B0050I2P32|4.0|It was John Peel who once complained about too many \\"white boys with guitars\\" in indie music and it has to be said that this pointed taunt could have been accurately aimed at the Horrors whose claim to fame was largely being the best set of Goth haircuts on offer and little else. As such it was refreshing to hear the massive step change that was their last album \\"Primary Colours\\" which saw them cut loose and prove that the style did not have to triumph over the substance, They picked up influences from German bands like Can and Neu and turned out big songs not least the epic \\"Sea within a sea\\". That said while \\"Primary Colours\\" was a really good album it still had \\"issues\\" as the band struggled to find its true identity with songs like \\"I can't control myself\\" actually sounding like a bunch of Suede impersonators on Karaoke night. The logical step for the band was therefore to deepen further the themes of \\"Sea within a sea\\" and produce a more darkly inspired album of 80s style synth pop with hooks big enough to catch a whale and with cool panache to spare. Indeed they do this so successfully that on the third track on this new album \\"I can see through you starts\\" you expect Phil Oakley from the Human League to sing out just before it mutates into something altogether more sinister.<br /><br />There is little doubt that some of the more purist Horrors fans may recoil and find this album a tad to commercial. \\"Endless Blue\\" for example is all lovely slabs of almost Miles Davis trumpet sounding synths until mid way through it breaks into a huge guitar riff not heard since Jesus and Mary Chain ruled the earth. And that is the point about \\"Skying\\" namely that the Horrors are a cunningly intelligent band able to subvert and deconstruct their own songs regularly avoiding the quiet of the harbour for the rough of the seas. More than that unlike \\"Primary colours\\" the quality dial hardly dips while at the same time the sort of arrogant swagger that you expect of a band hitting its prime is evidenced by the truckload. The great opener \\"Changing the rain\\" starts off sounding like a dance version of Kraftwerk and we are finally forced to face the reality that Faris Badwan has actually got a great singing voice. The forthcoming single \\"Still life\\" cries out to be a hit building from (dare I say it!) an Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark style riff to a thumping great pop song. Above all others it is \\"Wide eyed\\" which is the song that grabs you by the lapels and demands your attention. An atmospheric vocal over swaths of synths which echoes the great themes of David Bowie's \\"Low\\". Even more surprisingly it is a very sumptuous song with huge melodies and a concluding trumpet fade out. The only real nod to the Horrors of old is \\"Monica Gems\\" which is the weakest track on \\"Skying\\" not least since it does feel a little out of place with Faris Badwan again doing his best Brett Anderson impression. To be fair they set this misstep straight on the final track the seven minute plus \\"Oceans Burning\\" a giant swirling psychedelic ballad with a haunting backdrop which is packed full of so many ideas that the opposition must be seriously worried quite how good this band have become. To hammer the point home all this is confirmed a couple of tracks before with the albums big eight minute synth workout \\"Moving further away\\" which will become a staple of their live act to sit alongside \\"The Sea\\" with a keyboard riff so relentless you should be allowed to invoke anti-stalking legislation. \\"Skying\\" then is an great album that fully delivers on the huge promise of \\"Primary Colours\\" and on its evidence it is only a matter of time before the Horrors move out of the John Peel tent and head to the headline stage of Glastonbury.ime is evidenced by the truckload. The great opener \\"Changing the rain\\" starts off sounding like a dance version of Kraftwerk and we are finally forced to face the reality that Faris Badwan has actually got a great singing voice. The forthcoming single \\"Still life\\" cries out to be a hit building from (dare I say it!) an Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark style riff to a thumping great pop song. Above all others it is \\"Wide eyed\\" which is the song that grabs you by the lapels and demands your attention. An atmospheric vocal over swaths of synths which echoes the great themes of David Bowie's \\"Low\\". Even more surprisingly it is a very sumptuous song with huge melodies and a concluding trumpet fade out. The only real nod to the Horrors of old is \\"Monica Gems\\" which is the weakest track on \\"Skying\\" not least since it does feel a little out of place with Faris Badwan again doing his best Brett Anderson impression. To be fair they set this misstep straight on the final track the seven minute plus \\"Oceans Burning\\" a giant swirling psychedelic ballad with a haunting backdrop which is packed full of so many ideas that the opposition must be seriously worried quite how good this band have become. To hammer the point home all this is confirmed a couple of tracks before with the albums big eight minute synth workout \\"Moving further away\\" which will become a staple of their live act to sit alongside \\"The Sea\\" with a keyboard riff so relentless you should be allowed to invoke anti-stalking legislation. \\"Skying\\" then is an great album that fully delivers on the huge promise of \\"Primary Colours\\" and on its evidence it is only a matter of time before the Horrors move out of the John Peel tent and head to the headline stage of Glastonbury.
B004132HZS|5.0|Performances are top notch and the writers have done a brilliant job of mixing the modern and the traditional. Best of all Holmes & Watson are younger than previous incarnations & neither man is completely confident in himself. I hope the writers will make Sherlock's journey from arrogance to supreme confidence part of the story arc.<br />The only misstep was Moriarty. Andrew Scott's reading was off, more annoying than sinister. I hope this can be corrected as the series develops. I'm a longtime Sherlock Homes fan and I haven't been this excited since Jeremy Brett's arrival in 1984.
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|I have loved Jane Eyre since I can remember. This is by far the best version of the book I have ever seen. The lead actors are truly talented and make their characters leap off the screen. This is an extremely well done remake and stands out above the rest.
B001P3SA8U|2.0|If the passion for the music had been sustained in the presentation of the tale, this would have been a transcendent picture. Had even half the energy employed in fabrication of events and relationships been turned to representation, this picture could have been great.<br /><br />As it stands, it is merely OK, and an insult to those who it alleges to portray. Hopefully the high production values, and loving attention paid to the music will serve as the first step on a road of discovery for newcomers, not the last.
B002ZG975Q|2.0|Beastly.  First it was a book based off the tale, Beauty and the Beast.  Then, when producers saw how much money it drew from the teen and tween crowd, it became a movie starring Alex Pettyfer and Vanessa Hudgens.<br /><br />Kyle Kingston is a self-absorbed teenager, son of a similarly self-absorbed reporter.  He has been raised to admire two things in life: money and good looks.  When he upsets a witch, Kendra, he is cursed with being ugly and having to find someone to love him before the year is out.  Will Kyle find his true love or will he be ugly forever?<br /><br />I read the book back in March and my overall thoughts were this:<br /><br />\\"This book was a fun timewaster, but I think it could have been a lot better. I remember reading Robin McKinley's [[ASIN:B005H0CBC8 Beauty]] and being enchanted; years later, I hunted down the book and bought it (and have plans to reread--eventually). But I just don't see this book lasting very long, not with the very specific culture references. And we all know how long culture trends and fads last...<br />Now that I've read it, I think I'm probably going to sell it back; it's just not one of those books I want to keep on my shelf and reread. However, I do have plans to see the movie; hopefully, the movie will bring some new insights.\\"<br /><br />As you expect, the movie changes quite a bit, from the names of characters (\\"Adrian\\" is now \\"Hunter\\", \\"Magda\\" is now \\"Zola\\", \\"Kingsbury\\" is now \\"Kingston\\"), to the characters themselves (Sloan goes from being vapid to being just a girl downtrodden by her boyfriend), to some events (the final climax of the book is completely omitted).  Some of them make sense...and some don't.<br /><br />The characters range from meh to terrible.  Kyle just isn't as appealing as his book form.  Here, he makes a ludicrous speech for being elected to Environmental President.  Why would he do this?  Nothing in his personality suggests \\"caring for the environment\\".  Why couldn't he be elected student president?  Why do the instructors let him get away with such a silly speech?  \\"Elect me because I'm beautiful and you aren't\\"?  Geesh.  Kyle, once afflicted with ugliness, doesn't attempt to change into a better person, a person who gets a grip on his new features by studying and getting interested in roses.  Instead, Kyle mopes around, stalking Linda until he is in love with her and THEN begins to change.  But even this change is almost non-existent--when he had no character before, other than \\"I'm obsessed with looks\\", it's hard to change into anything with depth.  Alex Pettifyr tries really hard in his performance, but when a lot of the character of Kyle is changed so that there really is nothing to work with, it's hard for him to succeed.<br /><br />Linda has changed from nerdy, plain girl to environmental freak (in name only--she doesn't bring her own coffee cup when getting coffee or any other attribute you might find in the someone promoting greenness), feed the homeless, gorgeous Vanessa Hudgens.  While she does have a spark of independence not shown in the book (such as the scene where her dad drops her off at Kyle's), overall, Linda is boring.  Even more boring than her book counterpart (which, if you read my review, means a lot).  And Vanessa does nothing to make it better.  At one point, she looks like a dead fish as Kyle tells a story about a mother elephant returning to where her dead elephant babies were (although, I will give her this: that story was a PAINFUL way to try to woo a woman!).<br /><br />Kendra the Witch looks nothing like her book counterpart.  In the book, she was fat (possibly with greasy hair and acne).  Casting Mary Kate as her did nothing to help it.  Mary Kate is far from ugly, even in the weird getup.  She didn't do terrible as Kendra, but Kendra's role was greatly reduced from the book, so it's hard to say.  She was a little bit overdramatic.  Will the Tutor is terribly underused.  Because Kyle doesn't want to study in this version, his existence is unnecessary.  Zola the Maid fairs better than her hugely stereotyped Magda.  I even liked how she *wasn't* someone that the book made her to be in the end.  Sloan morphs from popular girl to \\"Oh, I'm not so bad, it was just my boyfriend that made me that way\\".<br /><br />But the story is where the book really falls flat.  When you open to a scene where Kyle is running for president and his speech consists solely of \\"Vote for me, I'm beautiful\\", you know you have problems.  The basic outline is pretty much like the book: Kyle asks Kendra on a date to humiliate her, Kendra curses him, Kyle must find someone to love him.  In between, there are changes, both good and bad.<br /><br />I wasn't fond of how Linda and Kyle spoke and started \\"clicking\\" before he changed \\"ugly\\".  I didn't mind her having a crush on him (she did in the book), but if they had a connection before, it almost deadens the \\"He has to learn to fall in love\\" lesson.  And makes it look like he would have tried to date her anyway.<br /><br />I have no idea why Will was brought in.  Kyle wanted to learn in the book and asked his dad for a tutor.  Here, Will shows up and promptly does nothing for the rest of the movie.<br /><br />Having Kyle stalk Linda before he saves her from the drug dealers was stupid.  Does every teenaged romance have to have stalking now as a sign of love?  And the drug dealers' scene was horribly cheesy.  Although I will admit, it gave a better reason why Linda should stay with Kyle than the book did.<br /><br />Most of the \\"chemistry\\" between Kyle and Linda is very sketchy and awkward.<br /><br />I really hated how Kyle got into a hissy fit about Linda calling him \\"a good friend\\" and then refused to take her phone calls.  Uh, dude, she's trying to clarify your relationship.  You are *this close* to losing her.  Get over yourself and pick up the %^&*ing phone.<br /><br />The \\"climax\\" or end scene or whatever is so dull and boring, it is like dropping a brick on the floor.  *THUD*  Blah.  Whatever.<br /><br />I could probably go on like this forever (in fact, I wrote a nearly scene-by-scene rant, just to get it out of my system), but I think you get the point.  The movie is definitely not as good as the book (which isn't the best of books to begin with).  I do not recommend a viewing, unless you are a die-hard fan of Alex Pettyfer, Vanessa Hudgens, or Beauty and the Beast.  Or, you are bored and need to get to sleep.<br /><br />Brought to you by:<br />*C.S. Light*than her hugely stereotyped Magda.  I even liked how she *wasn't* someone that the book made her to be in the end.  Sloan morphs from popular girl to \\"Oh, I'm not so bad, it was just my boyfriend that made me that way\\".    But the story is where the book really falls flat.  When you open to a scene where Kyle is running for president and his speech consists solely of \\"Vote for me, I'm beautiful\\", you know you have problems.  The basic outline is pretty much like the book: Kyle asks Kendra on a date to humiliate her, Kendra curses him, Kyle must find someone to love him.  In between, there are changes, both good and bad.    I wasn't fond of how Linda and Kyle spoke and started \\"clicking\\" before he changed \\"ugly\\".  I didn't mind her having a crush on him (she did in the book), but if they had a connection before, it almost deadens the \\"He has to learn to fall in love\\" lesson.  And makes it look like he would have tried to date her anyway.    I have no idea why Will was brought in.  Kyle wanted to learn in the book and asked his dad for a tutor.  Here, Will shows up and promptly does nothing for the rest of the movie.    Having Kyle stalk Linda before he saves her from the drug dealers was stupid.  Does every teenaged romance have to have stalking now as a sign of love?  And the drug dealers' scene was horribly cheesy.  Although I will admit, it gave a better reason why Linda should stay with Kyle than the book did.    Most of the \\"chemistry\\" between Kyle and Linda is very sketchy and awkward.    I really hated how Kyle got into a hissy fit about Linda calling him \\"a good friend\\" and then refused to take her phone calls.  Uh, dude, she's trying to clarify your relationship.  You are *this close* to losing her.  Get over yourself and pick up the %^&*ing phone.    The \\"climax\\" or end scene or whatever is so dull and boring, it is like dropping a brick on the floor.  *THUD*  Blah.  Whatever.    I could probably go on like this forever (in fact, I wrote a nearly scene-by-scene rant, just to get it out of my system), but I think you get the point.  The movie is definitely not as good as the book (which isn't the best of books to begin with).  I do not recommend a viewing, unless you are a die-hard fan of Alex Pettyfer, Vanessa Hudgens, or Beauty and the Beast.  Or, you are bored and need to get to sleep.    Brought to you by:  *C.S. Light*
B000YAA68C|5.0|My purchase was not expensive!  It arrived within 5 days and was packaged good!  I will purchase from this person again!  The cd is in perfect condition.
B00003CXB4|4.0|The movie itself is just wonderful. Beautiful animations and unforgettable songs combine with a wonderful storyline that deserves all of its rave reviews. I saw this on TV once and never forgot it. The characters are all unique and beautifully drawn, the backgrounds are amazing. The film as a whole makes you \\"believe\\" it. The characters' personalities, joys and struggles echo real life. Happiness, grief and humor are wonderfully portrayed and balanced at the right times. The movie has more \\"action violence\\" and more of a dark subplot than other Disney movies, so check it out before letting young children watch.    As for the DVD itself, the film is wonderfully enhanced, although the colors are restored just a little too brightly. Other customers have cited a few animation changes, but I don't remember those exact scenes from when I first saw it, so check out the other reviews :). There is so much to enjoy here--Elton John music videos, more background art, the story of the creation and animation, etc. However, the Special Features menu is needlessly thrown around and confusing. The kids' DVD games are bland (I know that if I were a kid I wouldn't like them). The Disney 'Circle of Stars' performance of 'Circle of Life' is almost \\"sacrilege\\". But overall, the film and the insightful special features are just amazing.
B000P0J09W|5.0|MY DAUGHTER REMEMBERED THIS MOVIE FROM HER YOUNGER YEARS AND WANTED IT FOR HER BOYS 7 AND 4 - THEY TRULY ENJOYED A \\"CLEAN\\" MOVIE THAT A FAMILY COULD WATCH TOGETHER AND A MORE THAN REASONABLE PRICE
B000V1Y43W|5.0|Looked for this for quite awhile before trying AMAZON and finding it at a very good price.  DVD is brand new, great packaging, and is, of course, fun to watch
1594744769|4.0|\\"Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children\\" by Ransom Riggs is a fictional book set in two timelines. The book is peppered with vintage photographs which help it achieve a chilling effect.<br /><br />Sixteen year old Jacob Portman wants the lead a life of adventures, just the kind his beloved grandfather described to him over and over again. As he grows older Jacob realizes he just wants to be normal.<br /><br />Jacob finds his grandfather dying and is a witness to his cryptic last words and his murderer which is so strange he is soon convinced that it was simply a figment of his imagination. On advice from his psychiatrist, Jacob and his father travel to Wales on a genealogy project to discover the long lost orphanage which Abe Portman was once part of.<br /><br />\\"Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children\\" by Ransom Riggs is a whimsical tale with a unique premise. The story is combined with old photographs which are used throughout the story.<br /><br />This book reminded me a bit of the X-Men comic books, unusual, imaginative and thrilling which combines adventure and fantasy. The children in the book are peculiar because each of them has a special power. The protagonist, Jacob, grows up listening to his grandfather's story about this orphanage in which he once belonged. Thinking his grandfather made up stories about super-powered children and evil monsters Jacob discovers that maybe he should have listened better.<br /><br />The mystery in the book is used as a setup to introduce the characters, but I loved Jacob's search which, for me, was the main part of the story. The \\"bad guys\\" in the book are not as developed and a bit fuzzy which is in direct contrast to some of the other characters which are well drawn.<br /><br />The book is targets the young adults (YA) market, which it is perfect for. I think many young adults will find this book thrilling, I know I did and that I certainly enjoyed these type of books as a teen.<br /><br />It seemed obvious to me that this book is the first of a series. I'm certainly looking forward for the second book in the series. I'm especially interested in the adventures of Abe Portman, Jacob's grandfather in World War II.ow I did and that I certainly enjoyed these type of books as a teen.    It seemed obvious to me that this book is the first of a series. I'm certainly looking forward for the second book in the series. I'm especially interested in the adventures of Abe Portman, Jacob's grandfather in World War II.
B004LWZW4M|4.0|This film is a worthy remake (or pre-make) for us to seriously take into consideration. With cloning, germ warfare and genetic manipulation now being a reality, it begs the question, what if something was to go wrong.    The base for the storyline is quite plausible, how far are the scientist willing to go to cure diseases? What is really happening today behind closed doors in the R & D departments of mega pharmaceutical companies?    What I find impressive about this film is the \\"wow\\" factor that it generates each time there is even the most subtle, but yet astounding breakthrough in Caesar's intelligence. He proves himself to be a strategist and a thinker, while allowing everyone only to know the extent of his true intelligence on a need to know basis.    It is quite worthy of the viewing and it will leave you with a satisfied, yet a bit disturbed feeling, realizing that sometimes, experiments may go wrong, and what would be the true damage in such a sceanario.
B000AARKOO|5.0|The movie approaches the idiocy of religion, Christian or Muslim, with an expert hand. Like the original Blade Runner, Scott offers us a happy ending, which does not mitigate the message of the film.
B003MOHX8S|5.0|I was on YouTube tonight watching a trailer for Half Life 2: Cinematic Mod, heard this track and had to find out who it was. It just sounded so familiar. Someone posted the artist \\"Two Steps From Hell\\" and I've never heard of them before. After googling I found their page and was disappointed to see they were license only...but after more googling I found out they released this album in May 2010 and here I am on Amazon buying it. YAH FOR ME! \\"Freedom Fighters\\" is my current favorite track right now but if you love movie soundtracks then you'll love this CD. Buy It!
1451629184|5.0|I purchased this for my wife, and she was amazed at how well-written it was. It is a terrible story and a terrible tragedy that happened to that poor girl, however the detail and pieces of the story that were untold made it work.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|Been using this for a month now and so far no problem with the device. Love the Virtual Partner as it gives me some challenge during my run. Good online price compared if you buy it in store.     Wished there were other colors for this. Only available in light blue and I feel like it's more for ladies.     Good Garmin product! Accurate!
B004SH40BQ|4.0|This Bluetooth works great and sound quality is good. I use it from a Nano that I have on a band as a watch and it's good for jogging with tunes. The piece could be slightly smaller to be out of the way of my wrist but I haven't had any problems.
B001DF68MA|5.0|Our daughter loves this thing.  always giggling.    The only Con for this item are the harness straps which never really stay in place -- i feel it could ahve been fixed if they had a car seat style 3 point harness.  but kiddo loves riding around.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This is absolutely one of the best CD's. Susan has gone from frumpy to fantastic and has a voice that you can listen to for hours. If you don't own this CD, buy it...NOW!!!
1603425381|5.0|I love books that give both the written instructions as well as the CHARTS to stitch by.  I only wish that this book was like her earlier book, in that it was wire-bound so that it would lay flat to stay open.  Please, publishers, Art & Craft people like the ease of use.  :)
1451629184|5.0|This little girl to grown/wounded/healing woman is now one of my hero. Jaycee is free and her captors should forever remain invisable.
1567184855|2.0|There is just nothing about Journey of Souls that strikes me as being real.  My sense of reincarnation is that there may very well be something to it, although I was raised to believe such things were total nonsense.  However, some years back after a couple of very startling experiences that I've never been able to explain to myself (never-mind trying to explain them to other people), I'm not nearly so certain that my skepticism is or was justified.  The old saying \\"When you hear hoof beats, don't assume zebras\\" may apply here.    But although I have no idea if Dr. Newton's interviews were real or fiction, I am far from being convinced of the authenticity of his claims.  Everything he wrote is a little to neatly packaged, there are too many leading questions, and it has been well advertised that persons under hypnosis are highly suggestible.  Dr. Newton has attempted to create a universe with no proof that anything he wrote is actual fact.  Hearsay evidence is considered pretty flimsy.     While reading the book it occurred to me that there are a great many unsolved mysteries in this life, and with all this access to persons who describe nearly every aspect of things that none of us are going to know for certain until we get there, why ignore getting these reincarnated souls thoughts on some mysteries which may someday be proved or disproved.  How about a few words on flying saucers, alien beings from other worlds.  There's a great deal of evidence that our world may have been visited thousands of years ago by just such giants.  Explain the paintings (you can find photos of them on Google) done hundreds of years ago that show, almost as if an after-thought, things in the skies that are very much like today's descriptions of spacecraft sightings.  Wouldn't it be easy for a hypnotist with the good doctor's skill to mention this and see what these old souls know about those little critters that are being called \\"The Grays?\\"    Of the people who may read these reviews,it would be interesting to know how many of them believe that at some time in their lives they have been visited by ghosts or the spirits of departed loved ones.  I have been told stories by people whose sincerity it was impossible for me to question regarding visits from persons who have died, but Dr. Newton more or less treated that issue with a yawn...dead people who hang around for any number of reasons, ho-hum.  Of course there are many books out there that do deal with such things but way too many of them are written by people who claim to be psychics or mediums, people on a level with that most embarrassing television program about ghost hunters which, if you believe that is anything other than very poor entertainment, then you have to believe that \\"ghosts\\" are only found in dark basements and/or attics and that they're just too shy to come out and say howdy when the television cameras are rolling.    For my part, I've bought a couple more books from Amazon on the subject, which I haven't had time to read yet, although I doubt they will be anymore convincing than Journey of Souls.  Still, if I'm wrong, I'll look up Dr. Newton after I've gotten through the tunnel and apologize for being so cynical in public.
B004SEUJAA|5.0|I am not a big Russell Crowe fan, but this is my favorite role of his - even better than Gladiator.  A moving adventure of a movie, well acted by the cast, and very authentic period piece.  Highly recommended action movie.
B001LF347E|5.0|These are the best fun filled TV shows for the family of all ages I have seen in along time.  Our children from 24 yrs. down have absolutely loved these.  A great show to pull the family close and enjoy.
B004UID2LC|1.0|doesnt work. doesnt work. doesnt qork. doesnt work. doesnt work  doesnt download anything anymore. used to be great. using a G2X
031603438X|5.0|A rollicking wonderful tale of a rollicking wonderful life.  Its considerable length shrinks with the pleasure of reading this antic adventurer's account of a unique, well \\"Life.\\"
B002ZG98UK|5.0|Picture really pops out at you! I have a sony bravia 3D tv with a 3D transmitter sync (sold separately) and Sony blu-ray 3D player and they work FABULOUS for this product!<br /><br />This dvd allows you to watch it in regular 2D or 3D. I tried it out first without the 3D and then with the 3D viewing. It definitely makes a noticeable difference!!
B004LR5K0I|4.0|Incredible songs, great editing. Despite the comments of the photos are too small and do not get to read. Probably because they were from the first edition (1995) that the book is bigger. However i recommend it and score 8 points.
0307946711|5.0|I could not put this book down.  The characters were strong and the story was so good.  Seeing a glimpse into one day each year of their lives was very clever and was a great way to cover a long period of time.  Nicholls was not afraid of exploring their flaws in a satisfying way.  I can't wait to see the movie.
0385474547|4.0|A proud yam farmer struggles with adversities in his African village at the dawn of colonial age.  Author intimates the unique African tribal life eloquently, and interjects the universal theme of a man's toil under the burden of social tradition, selfish ambition and unstoppable force of changes.
B003TVMIDO|4.0|I give it 4 stars because I was hoping to see Live Peace in Toronto 1969.. I know there's a whole side of Yoko, but the rest is just awesome....  It would have been nice to see Shaved Fish too. I know we have four or five different Lennon anthologies, but it would have been nice to include that one as it was the original Lennon GH.<br />The packaging of the box is very nice. The CD's sound amazingly better than the original issues. You could tell how fresh and crisp they sound.
0385528752|4.0|I recommend this book to anyone who is looking to make a lasting change. This, like Made to Stick, is a great resource!
0307716511|3.0|\\"Lord help the mister who comes between me and my sister...\\"<br /><br />Or to paraphrase Shakespeare: \\"Hell hath no fury like a sister scorned.\\"  Or grieving, as the case may be.  In \\"Sister,\\" Rosamund Lupton's novel cum mystery, sibling affection is taken to the nth degree, as a woman, Beatrice, sets out to find the person who murdered her art student sister.  Not that anyone believes it was murder, mind you.  As far as the police and everyone else are concerned, Tess has committed suicide after the death of her baby during childbirth.  Only Bee believes that something more sinister is afoot, and sets out to prove everyone wrong.<br /><br />If the precis above sounds cliched, that's because it is.  But author Lupton, whose debut this is, manages to fool us into thinking she's doing something new by virtue of some lovely writing, some modern plot elements (the ethics of genetic testing)  and a marvelous ability to create suspense.  The familial bond is also explored (and described) with great sensitivity and truth.  Bee's grief (as well as her mother's) is vivid, palpable; so much so that we truly empathize with her in spite of her uptight fussiness and judgmental nature.  How loss changes Bee, how it opens her up as a human being, is one of the books most successfully explored themes.<br /><br />What is not successful, unfortunately, is the book's last third.  What was earlier suspenseful (the narrative moving between past and present) comes to feel like an author treading water.  Lupton seems to get bored with the puzzle she's constructed, and the tension slacks and dissipates.  The book is 30 to 40 pages too long, which allows us as readers to get ahead of Lupton, so that the surprise ending is really no surprise.  (With the exception of a pointless, last-minute twist/shocker that adds nothing to our understanding of the story.)<br /><br />Many of the reviews have praised \\"Sister\\" for its literary qualities, and Lupton is, indeed, a terrific writer.  Sometimes I felt that the prose was a bit purple given that this is a first-person narrative (who of us thinks in perfectly constructed metaphors and similes?).  But, what I initially found artificial and precious (Bee communing with her dead sister to explain how she caught her killer), I soon took for granted.  Bee's \\"writing\\" to Tess became a shared comfort, and quickly seemed the only sensible way in which the book could have been written.  Only a gifted writer could pull off the conceit.  Who knows if Lupton will continue to write in the mystery genre?  If she does, here's hoping her plotting will tighten, and that she'll learn that twists are only of value if they illuminate as well as surprise.  I look forward to reading what she comes up with next.en that this is a first-person narrative (who of us thinks in perfectly constructed metaphors and similes?).  But, what I initially found artificial and precious (Bee communing with her dead sister to explain how she caught her killer), I soon took for granted.  Bee's \\"writing\\" to Tess became a shared comfort, and quickly seemed the only sensible way in which the book could have been written.  Only a gifted writer could pull off the conceit.  Who knows if Lupton will continue to write in the mystery genre?  If she does, here's hoping her plotting will tighten, and that she'll learn that twists are only of value if they illuminate as well as surprise.  I look forward to reading what she comes up with next.
0321344758|4.0|This is a great intro to web design that practices useability...like Godin's 'Red Fez' book on this subject, it brings up great points. It's a quick read & funny, too.
0345350499|5.0|I rarely read anything twice because I feel I have so much material left unread so that the time spent re-reading would be better spent discovering a new book. However, this book was so good that I've read it thrice, and now that I'm writing a review for it I find myself compelled to read it again!    It's fantastically written from a point of view you don't often see in the Arthurian legends. If you're a fan of magic & fantasy, read this book. If you're a fan of strong women protagonists, read this book. If you're a fan of the Arthurian legend, read this book. If you simply like a good story in any form, read this book! I cannot think of a person I would not recommend this book to. It's magnificent. Just give it a try. You'll do yourself a huge disservice if you don't at least sample this spectacular tale.
B00005JKGK|3.0|The plastic cover was torn. The DVD was without scratches.<br />This is one of my favorite movies.need three words to complete
B004XJHBCE|2.0|This would be a superb app if scrolling wasn't so slow and choppy.<br /><br />It is especially slow when the layout mode shows icons in a grid format.<br /><br />If you have a folder that scrolls, you can try using the icon + title in rows format, but it's still slow and choppy, just not as bad as when it's in icons in a grid layout.
0446547603|4.0|Katie fled her abusive alcoholic husband Kevin the cop who kept her a prisoner in their home and battered her constantly; she left when he put a gun to her head as she knows he will one day pull the trigger or break her skull.  She rents a cabin in Southport, North Carolina and obtains a job at Ivan's restaurant.<br /><br />As a little time passes since her last battering, Katie relaxes her vigil somewhat though she remains an enigma to the townsfolk.  Widower father of two (Kristen and Josh) Alex the shopkeeper is attracted to the mystery woman.  His kids feel the same way about her and she does likewise towards them.  As she falls in love with the father and his children, Katie dreams of a happy family with her as the wife and mother.  Humiliated by his wife running away, raging Kevin hunts her with plans to kill Katie and this man she is with who enabled her to escape.<br /><br />Obviously the theme of a psychopath husband and a victim wife is not new (see Don't Tell by Karen Rose - the spouse is a cop too), Nicholas Sparks provides an exciting romantic suspense with a touch of the paranormal.  The cast is solid as kind Alex is the polar opposite of brutal Kevin; ironically both insist they love Katie but display it differently.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
1451629184|5.0|I read this book in a day, it was sad but this young lady has overcome alot and I really enjoyed this book.
B004LWZVZC|5.0|The Conspirator, directed with skill by Robert Redford, is a sleek and atmospheric historical drama.  The story is meticulously researched and suspenseful throughout.  In the 145 years since the actual event, many theories have developed on the guilt or innocence of Mary Surratt, the boardinghouse owner whose son John was almost certainly part of the plot to assassinate Abraham Lincoln, his Vice President Andrew Johnson and his Secretary of State William H. Seward.<br /><br />Many historians now agree that Mary Seward was probably part of the conspiracy.  Although she may not have taken part in the actual planning, she almost certainly knew and approved of John Wilkes Booth's plot against the government and, had she not approved, she probably would have been able to stop it.  The focus of this film is neither her innocence or guilt, but rather her lack of a fair trial, given that the Secretary of War, Edward M. Stanton, not only directed that the conspirators receive trial by a military tribunal, he was later denounced by many as tampering with witnesses during the trial.  The Supreme Court later ruled that the trial of citizens by military tribunal was unconstitutional.  Mary Surratt's son John, a courier and Confederate spy who was also probably guilty but was not apprehended until 1866, was given a trial by jury and released after his trial resulted in a hung jury.<br /><br />However, the most impressive aspect of this film, aside from its predominantly historical accuracy, is the amazing amount of care that went into its visuals.  Costumes, sets, and every other physical aspect of the story are brought to life down to the smallest detail, with a look and atmosphere that makes the viewer feel they have stepped back into the middle of the 19th century.  The historic photos that were taken of the execution of the four main conspirators were the obvious source of design for the hanging scene and one has to marvel at how authentic it all looks by every account of the actual story.  The scene of the trial and execution looks precisely like the Washington arsenal where it all took place, and so do the scenes in Ford's theatre, the Surratt boardinghouse and virtually every other location used in the making of this wonderful film.<br /><br />Included with the DVD is a second disc that includes a full-length documentary, with fascinating facts that I was previously unaware of, and I am a Lincoln buff.  I wish only that the film had included a little more on the attempted assassination of William H. Seward; the fact that he survived is not evident in the scene where he is attacked, although at the trial, Seward's attacker is referred to several times as the \\"attempted assassin\\".<br /><br />On the whole, The Conspirator is an extremely satisfying and vividly detailed historical drama, and is sure to be enjoyed by anyone who is interested in the American Civil War or the Assassination of Abraham Lincoln.<br /><br />Highly recommended.The scene of the trial and execution looks precisely like the Washington arsenal where it all took place, and so do the scenes in Ford's theatre, the Surratt boardinghouse and virtually every other location used in the making of this wonderful film.    Included with the DVD is a second disc that includes a full-length documentary, with fascinating facts that I was previously unaware of, and I am a Lincoln buff.  I wish only that the film had included a little more on the attempted assassination of William H. Seward; the fact that he survived is not evident in the scene where he is attacked, although at the trial, Seward's attacker is referred to several times as the \\"attempted assassin\\".    On the whole, The Conspirator is an extremely satisfying and vividly detailed historical drama, and is sure to be enjoyed by anyone who is interested in the American Civil War or the Assassination of Abraham Lincoln.       Highly recommended.
B001BFDGN6|1.0|So I received the boots. I tried them on. They were huge!  I pulled them off. I put on my extra thick hiking socks, tried the boots on again, and they were still huge. My toe was an inch from the end. I have had some shoes that were a half size off, never anything like this. I won't buy Timberland shoes again anytime soon.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|Great fun game!  However, there is a bug that sometimes erases your save game file with no way to recover. It seems to happen when you receive an email, message, our call while playing. I finished the game twice and had almost all of the achievements when it lost all of my data. I have no interest in playing this game again now :(  Without the bug, I&apos;d give this game 4 stars.
1439183392|4.0|In Winslow's world, nothing is ever as simple as it seems. Set in Pacific Beach in San Diego County, California, familiar characters return from The Dawn Patrol, a group of dedicated early morning PB surfers whose nicknames cling to them like the surf stories of their popular mythology. While corporate interests and drug cartels inbreed with troubling ease, the guys of the Dawn Patrol find solace in the ocean that has given them such grand adventures and camaraderie over the years. Unfortunately for Boone Daniels, veteran of the Dawn Patrol and PI dabbling in shifting allegiance to \\"The Gentleman's Hour\\", the line between old alliances and the demands of the future set him apart from the once-inviolable brotherhood. Defense attorney Petra Hall has requested Boone's assistance with a murder case, the tragic death of a revered surfer and Boone's mentor, Kelly Kuhio. The guilt of Corey Blasingame isn't in doubt, but the severity of the murder charge is. Others were involved- Corey's buddies- in a random, perhaps racially-motivated attack that ended Kuhio's life.<br /><br />This scenario is pure Winslow, salted with surf jargon and the social intricacies of a strip of coastline impacted by drug money, wealthy residents and a cadre of men who have cut their teeth on the rush of wave riding in the Pacific Ocean, a little strip of heaven where you don't have to be rich to feel like a king, surrounded by a vast and powerful body of water, far removed from the daily grind of disappointing lives and fading youth, where surf and friends create their own version of paradise. It doesn't help that Daniels is deeply attracted to the British Petra, the siren call of a solid relationship as seductive as the habit of hanging out at the Sundowner after a hard day's surfing, or Boone's instinctive retreat to his bungalow on the pier, surrounded by the calming rhythm of the waves.<br /><br />Winslow mines his usual heady blend of criminal enterprise, drug violence, white-collar profiteering, romance, surf and murder, acutely conscious of the knife-edged dynamic of greed vs. the environment, the lure of money, the California coast and a history steeped in love of nature's bounty. Ever contemporary, Winslow never veers into sensationalism or trickery, calls out a situation exactly as it is and explores the fragile connections of friendship and loyalty, a band of brothers forged into a distinct cultural phenomenon: surfers. Enter the woman- and the future- and Daniels is forced to leave the security of the familiar and do the right thing. But you can bet he does it with style. A unique voice in crime literature, Winslow embodies the coastal gestalt, irreverent, fearless, a little cynical and a lot pragmatic and very worldly-wise. Luan Gaines/2011.surf and murder, acutely conscious of the knife-edged dynamic of greed vs. the environment, the lure of money, the California coast and a history steeped in love of nature's bounty. Ever contemporary, Winslow never veers into sensationalism or trickery, calls out a situation exactly as it is and explores the fragile connections of friendship and loyalty, a band of brothers forged into a distinct cultural phenomenon: surfers. Enter the woman- and the future- and Daniels is forced to leave the security of the familiar and do the right thing. But you can bet he does it with style. A unique voice in crime literature, Winslow embodies the coastal gestalt, irreverent, fearless, a little cynical and a lot pragmatic and very worldly-wise. Luan Gaines/2011.
630469878X|4.0|Up till today, I don't know why I love this movie so much. I've loved it since the first time I watched it in the 90s as an 11 year old. Maybe I love it because it can happen to anyone. It depicts how your whole life and existence can change in an instant. Especially in an instant of passion and rage. Maybe I love it because Geena Davis and Susan Sarandon are just such everyday people who manage to come across as unique- simple yet complex at the same time. Geena Davis is so naiive and lovable, but you just want to scream at her at some parts of the movie because their fate could have been different if she'd only just learned from her mistakes. I love the feeling of the journey, symbolized by the vintage thunderbird car, the vast roads and expansive scenery; captured in the way their clothes and make-up go from prim and proper to very basic; in the way Daryll goes from mistreating Thelma throughout the movie to crying for her at the very end. I can go on forever about the journey...about fate, friendship, relationships,patriarchy- but I'll stop there.     I just love this movie...
B004DSX5B6|5.0|This product is AWESOME.   Also happy to buy Gerber products and when Bear Grylls puts his name on it you know it'll be quality.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|WOW!  Not even a sci-fy fan but this one I couldn't put down.  It was recommended by a friend and am glad I read Its sample.  The same goes for the two other installments.  EXCELLENT!
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Every once in a while a movie comes along that completely transcends entertainment. Based on a novel I've not read, The Help adds one more layer to the Civil Rights movement. The hardworking layer of the African American maids who lovingly raised the children of their employers and then suffered many of those same children growing into bigoted adults. Stories are shared, lives explored, attitudes revealed and the fictional account is likely just a tiny shadow of reality.<br /><br />A white young writer (Emma Stone) who is part of the upper social class struggles with her \\"friends's\\" treatment of their maids. And she feels deceived over the disappearance of her own family maid/nanny, a woman she loves maybe even more than her own mother. She approaches one maid about telling her story so she can write a book. For the maid to reveal what goes on behind closed doors could cost her what little she has.<br /><br />This film is so well written, filmed and acted that it needs multiple award nominations. Powerful, inspirational, sad and important. I highly recommend it, even for children. Language, some mild violence and the themes might be issues for younger children, though.
076115678X|5.0|This book was very helpful i am already telling my peers about the concepts i learned from the book, although i would have liked to know how to contact her and ask questions or at least know where her shop is.
B004JQN364|5.0|I bought this for my 1st grader, but I've since commandeered it for my desk at work where he stands over my computer monitor guarding the machine from bugs while warily protecting the entrance to my office :).    It has amazing detail from the removable sword in his hand to removable the axe across his back.  There are little spots on his back, and his mouth can open and close.  When placed on my monitor, his tail and his hand are on the monitor itself -- giving him the appearance of running across.  His back foot has a \\"gauntlet\\" with metal covering his nails, and an extra metal nail on the back of the foot.     It looks very well constructed, but then I haven't let my grade schooler play with it too much :).
B002ZG976U|1.0|My problem isn't with the movie, it's with the DVD.   Once again a movie DVD is released as \\"Letterbox\\" which means you only get half the movie because the top and bottom is cut off.   To see how much you are missing, rent a movie that has both, a full screen and a Letterbox version and compare them.  Why do people put up with this?  You are paying for the whole movie, not just the middle half of each frame.   I'm not. I will never buy another 2.40 to 1 format.     If you all would stop buying these and demand full screen versions maybe the studios would quit screwing us.   I hope you realize they save a lot of money with a 2.40 to 1 release, no matter what you may have read or heard.  Stop being suckers.
B0051GOB26|2.0|The 2-star review has nothing to do with the quality of the movie... I thoroughly enjoy \\"The Big Lebowski\\", and have seen it many, many times.  The problem is the transfer: grainless, lifeless, and not at all film-like.  It doesn't represent the character of film in any way, looking quite like an early, heavily scrubbed hi-def video transfer.  It's at least better than the first-issue DVD I own, but anyone who has any of the DVD re-issues would be hard-pressed to find a great improvement in this version.    I saw the film in 35mm last year at our local art-house cinema, and it looked MUCH better than this release.  Yeah, it wasn't a particularly crisp film, and did show some age....but it did contain film grain, and it looked real.  Of course, if Universal actually released a high-quality transfer of \\"Lebowski\\", they'd have no reason to re-release every few years (and lose a nice revenue stream.    Very disappointing!
B003Y5H542|5.0|If you're an adult that enjoys 3D animation, appreciates attention to detail, and thinks Johnny Depp plays interesting roles, then this is the movie for you.  This is a cute movie with high end animation and excellent sound. Every aspects of the movie is very well done. If you have a high end HDTV, hooked-up to a high end sound system, then you will really appreciate this movie (...I've used this movie to showcase features of my home theatre system). The only criticism I have about the movie is that some jokes are not really suited for young children...other than that, this movie rocks.
0062059882|5.0|then Neil Gaiman would be Willy Wonka.  He is a masterful wordsmith and as he says in the introduction, this Tenth Anniversary Edition gives us 12,000 more words to revel in.  From the deliriously phantasmagorical highs of his pixi-stick-like scenes to the gritty, poisonous depths of the milk duds moments, American Gods will have you engrossed and constantly wanting more!  By sucking you into the world of new versus old in America, Gaiman gives us a beautiful fictional account of the anthropology of what we, as Americans, choose to worship!  Pick this book up, and you will not put it down, and you will not regret a moment of it.
B003Y5H53S|5.0|Since I purchased this movie, my four year old son, has watched it numerous times, and has even got his 4 older brothers to watch it also.
B0054SMIH6|5.0|I didn't know matthew mcconaughey had so much SWAGG! The movie keep my attention the entire time. It did not have a typical resolution nor was it predictable leading up to it. It was well written and well portrayed. It was convincing and real. I wish more movies were this well developed.
B004SBX112|1.0|Played all of the levels but Summer Pignig, it doesn&apos;t work. I have tried to open all of the levels but none of them work. HTC Sensation
0545140323|5.0|For Penny Lane , she only ever loved one guy and when she caught him with another girl -it turned her life upside down. Upset and distraught Penny Lane turns to the guys whom her and her family are namesakes and big on - the only 4 reliable guys in the world left \\"The Beatles\\".<br />Inspired by one of the Beatles songs \\"Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club\\" , Penny Lane decides to start up a club called \\"The Lonely Hearts\\" - a club for girls who have sworn off dating high school boys. The Club just starts out Penny and her friends and soon -about halfway through the novel, we see the club form into a massive group of women -kind of like a Gremaine Greer's Feminist party.<br />Soon, however the imaginable happens, just as her club is becoming a high school phenomenon , a guy whom Penny has liked for a while has decided to return the favour and soon Penny is torn between her feelings for this guy and her club.<br />Has her club taken the rules of celibacy too far and what will their reaction to Penny be if she is to fall in love with the new guy of her dreams. A sweet guy who is one of those one in a million -sweet guys.<br /><br />As The tagline goes \\" Love is all you need .... or is it ?
0062009540|5.0|\\"Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead\\" - Benjamin Franklin<br />Taking you back to where it all started , the series that has become a hit TV Show - Pretty Little Liars.  I have a fair idea who A is but having read how they discovered it or got to the conclusion yet. Reading the books and watching the TV Series, you can notice similarities but also differences. In Book #1 we see Aria and her family arrive back from Iceland and all has changed , the girls who were best friends till Ali disappeared have separated and moved apart and each have different friends, lives etc. Though, this will all change soon as the girls all have one thing in Common - \\"A\\", A = the one person who knows their deep and darkest and dirtest secrets , who if spilt would cause a huge mess. In Book #1 we see Aria fall for Ezra \\"Mr Fitz\\" , her English Teacher , Hanna - get caught shoplifting and her mother making a deal with the officer Darren Wilde , Spencer - getting caught making out with Melissa's new boyfriend Wren and Emily - the start of her life as Gay with new next door neighbour - Maya. The secrets are beginning , can the girls keep their secrets under wraps or will \\"A\\" open her big mouth and cause a rift as we see the makings of a rift between Ezra and Aria ? . What I did notice was different in Book #1 in comparison with the TV Series is that Emily has a sister Carolyn , Im not sure if we will see the introduction of Carolyn on the show or whether they have left her out.<br />Find out what happens when you can't trust a pretty girl with a handful of ugly secrets in the first book of the awesome series \\"Pretty Little Liars\\".
1416972250|5.0|The book was delivered in great condition, sold as advertised. Overall I'm very satisfied with this product and its seller.
B0000C8AVR|5.0|During 1963-66 Bob Dylan made 4 of the best albums in rock,Freewheeling Bob Dylan,Bringing it all back home,Highway 61 Revisited,and Blonde on blonde.for me Highway 61 is his masterpiece and one of the greatest lps(cd)ever.from \\"Like a rolling stone\\" to the kazoo wackiness of the title track,\\"Queen jane approximately\\",\\"Ballad of a thin man\\" every song has meaning and rings of truth--and \\"Desolation row\\" is 11:25 of pure bliss.Dylan never liked to be pigeon-holed into any one category and when you listen to this great(and i mean GREAT!!)lp(cd)it defies categories.if you have to have just one Dylan lp this is the one to have,it never bores you and even though it was made in 1965--it is truly a timeless masterwork!!!
B002N8A14M|5.0|I love this arm band. I got it for my marathon race and had it on all race, it didn't bother me until the last 20 mins of sweating like a dog, without a shirt on, thats when it started to slide a little bit here and there on my arm. but if you are just going to run around or workout with it, it is awesome!
1400069181|5.0|Reading this book has made me seriously think about opening my own business.  Sharing his own stories about his businesses and the success he has had with Toms, makes me think that with some heart and effort a person can successfully make a difference in the world.  While opening a business is a very scary thought, he embraces the fear and comforts the reader by acknowledging the challenges and mistakes.  He does a great job of sharing his experiences with his mentors and how they have been successful with out of the box thinking.  I also enjoyed hearing about developing a trustworthy team and alternative thinking as far as rewards, benefits, and motivating employees.  This was a very easy and enjoyable read.  I am a slow reader and read it in a week.  Not only did I enjoy this book and will keep it to possibly use the ideas in the future, but it also caused me to become a support of Toms and Blake's ideas.
B001FB5634|5.0|The Road is an incredibly moving (and simple) story about a young teenage boy and his father who struggle to survive after a post apocalyptic event sucks the life out of everything around them, leaving them hungry, cold and on their own.      The entire setting is completely grey, lifeless and joyless.  It perfectly illustrates the feeling of loneliness and emptiness after such a devastating event.    For some reason, I never even knew about this film at *all* until tonight when I happened to find it unexpectedly.  I wish I'd known about it sooner- it's really compelling.  All the reviews here on amazon have me totally convinced I somehow overlooked a classic the last couple years.    Anyway, to further elaborate on the storyline, the boy and father travel through dead forests, down deserted city streets, and into peoples empty homes searching for a place to stay and doing the best they can just to survive the horrible conditions.   I believe they even mentioned the entire planet is pretty much dead with the exception of a few survivors roaming about.   Anyway, the father and son do whatever it takes to not only find enough food to make it day by day, but to make sure they don't end up getting eaten by other survivors (or as the young boy continues to say, keep away from \\"the bad guys\\").  Yes that's right- people eating people.  Now *that's* what I call desperate times, haha.      Some will argue that there's no story to speak of since it's just about a father and son constantly on the move and never settling into one spot to absorb the environment, however if it wasn't for the ending (which I won't spoil of course) I'm inclined to believe there *was* a story taking place.  We just didn't know where it was heading.    This is a really compelling drama with an *extremely* sad conclusion.  I won't reveal what happens, but there's a strong emphasis on human emotions.  It's an extraordinary film really.  Nothing more needs to be said- a simple story yes, but I wouldn'twant it any other way.
B0012GN2I8|3.0|Secrets is by far the weakest Herbie Hancock album I've heard thus far (and I've heard Sextant, Head Hunters, Thrust and Man-Child).  Simply put- this album isn't in the same league as those four.    I have one really big question- why did Herbie completely abandoned his jazzy solos?  Yes, every once in a while you'll be lucky enough to experience a sax or keyboard solo, but these moments are usually extremely brief and undeveloped so Herbie can instead focus on repeating the same disco-influenced rhythms over and over again.     Take a look at the tracklisting- notice how most of the songs are around 7 minutes long?  Well, if you have enough knowledge concerning the late 70's rock/disco scene, all you'd REALLY have to do is listen to each track for less than a minute and you'd be able to grasp exactly where these songs are going, making Secrets a *very* predictable and generic album.      It's not jazz, so let's just ignore that.  It's strictly funk and disco.  A VERY big step away from the four albums I mention above- I can't stress that enough.     Now to say something positive, I actually *like* these endless funk grooves.  Most of them are really catchy and definitely better than most of the disco I'm familiar with, but let's be honest- Herbie was at his best when implementing an equal amount of funk and jazz and actually extending his sax and keyboard work into full length, compelling jams.      Secrets doesn't offer any of that, so be careful when hearing this one, folks.  Secrets is an album more appropriate for the funk/dance crowd.
B003K5UMLE|5.0|This episode had all the elements: Some history, great characters, humor and heartache. I have loved all the companions in the new Doctor Who episodes, and Donna shines in this one.  There are some scenes that make me laugh, and others that were heartbreaking.    The episode also makes me think: What would I do in this situation?    We see again how the Doctor is challenged throughout the episode, which ends with a terrible choice.  The Doctor and Donna made me laugh and cry.      I visited the Pompeii ruins a few years ago, it is a very grim reminder of the power of Vesuvius.
B004EC5IUW|3.0|I began watching the Rebuild of Evangelion films right after watching the anime and End of Evangelion, so I can spot a lot of the differences made much easier than most.  The first film was great, and easily compacted a lot of the beginning episodes into one neat feature film.  The second film, however, takes a huge departure from the canon; but rather than omitting the plot line altogether, it \\"rebuilds\\" it and keeps the general ideas, but changes a lot of the tinier details.<br /><br />*SPOILERS*<br />For instance, we have the new character Mari \\"Illustrious.\\"  She's no where to be found in the anime, and replaces some of Asuka's role.  Asuka, in turn, replaces Toji's greatest role.<br />The end of the film takes the End of Evangelion and incorporates it with the middle of the anime, so now audiences are wondering where the last two Rebuild films will take us.  We have Kaworu piloting his own Eva, and since 2.22 rushed through to the End of Evangelion, the last two films have to be a major retelling, or either completely new.<br />*SPOILERS END*<br /><br />It's an interesting take, but I was left sort of disappointed that they rushed a lot of the show.  Then again, I don't know what the last two films will bring, so all we can do at this point is sit and wait.
1451629184|5.0|I thought this was an excellent book. I don't usually take the time to sit down and read a book these days, and was not quick to buy this one, but when my sister (who is even less of a reader than I am) recommended it and told me she read it in two days, I knew it must be a good read!      At the beginning of the book, I found myself wishing that Jaycee wrote in a past-tense way, rather than \\"I am doing this... or that\\", I would have preferred \\"I was doing this...or that\\".  I'm not sure I'm expressing myself well here, but I felt the beginning of the book was a little hard to follow along with, it was just the way it was written, later however, I really got into the book and liked it. At first I felt sick in my stomach reading what I was reading. I felt a bit of the horror this little girl felt when she was kidnapped and abused. I wanted to shout out: \\"She's in the backyard!!! Help her!!\\" to the next door neighbors. I am still shocked that no one discovered 3 kids living in a backyard for years. How odd.     Later in the book, I could sense what a survivor Jaycee was. She definitely was a strong little girl who grew up to be a strong woman. Still, although she is positive in her future at the end of the book, I feel that in reality it is much much harder for her to deal with. Because how can a child be kidnapped, imprisoned, abused for years, and not have regular nightmares. Or times when she although now being free, has the fear in the back of her mind that someone could just take her like that?  I can barely imagine how hard it is emotionally/psychologically to deal with what happened in her past. I do know though, from what Jaycee writes that she is strong enough to continue getting through it and believe that after a few more years pass, the memory of the bad part of her childhood can start to be less scary and painful. \\"Time Heals All Wounds\\".      If I ever met Jaycee in person, I would want to shake her hand for surviving! I would give her a big hug for turning out to be such a beautiful person, even though really ugly things happened to her! I would also like to tell her mom that she is amazing for never giving up and putting in so much continual effort to find her.  And not to forget Jaycee's children, they too have had to survive a lot. It is amazing how they can all pull through and continue on. They are all true survivors, not victims!
B003YL4LYI|1.0|I should have listened to the reviews with an open mind and I would have known this was a stinker!!!  I say save your money and wait for a lower price, like when it is free.. If you do purchase this book I guarantee that you will know less after reading this story than before..  George Martin should have listened to past reviews of his other books and forgot all the descriptions of figs, maggots, butter and toast.. When I need a cookbook I will go to Food Network, not Martin..  This latest entry could have been condensed to 200 pages at the most..<br />This could have been such a good book..................alas it is but a poor fraud..
B005H5H3LW|5.0|Whether or not you're a fan of the \\"Star Blazers\\" anime this was based on, if you like action or sci-fi movies, you'll enjoy this film. SciFi movies made outside of the USA always had problems because of small F/X budgets. Not the case here. From the opening space battle sequence, you know the special effects in this movie will be incredible. The acting, music, sets, grand cinematography and direction all combine to make an unforgettable film. This DVD is really nice also. It is packaged in a glossy slipcase, has a great anamorphic transfer with excellent picture, and perfect English subtitles. Nice purchase. I will be watching this again, then I have a bunch of friends standing in line to borrow it!
1451629184|5.0|As a mental health professional, I would recommend this book for others who have experienced trauma.  It's a quick and easy read, but may be disturbing to those who do not understand the workings of the severely mentally ill. It is a testament to hope, love, and family.  I applaud Jaycee for protecting the identity of her children. What an extraordinary mother. I wish for her a life of love and happiness.
0316056863|4.0|I took this book on vacation with me and it was the perfect read for the beach. It was laugh out loud funny in the beginning, but slowed down a bit in the middle.  It's the kind of book for a busy mom like myself because you can put it down to play on the beach with the kids and then pick it back up when you have some down time. I will recommend it to my friends.
0307716511|5.0|Heard an author interview on NPR and read this book directly after.  Thought the book was very unique in how it was told as a letter to the narrator's dead sister.  A fast paced murder mystery with lots of twists and turns.  For once a mystery I wasn't able to solve until the author shared her ending.  Couldn't put it down. Highly recommend!
B00000G3AZ|5.0|Classic Jane Austen story. I like the actors and the the quality of the film is wonderful. It is a film I watch over and over again!
B005HED5YW|5.0|Great to have this free and available in an instant.  Way to go Amazon!  The production quality for 1960's was superb and the rest is legend
B002ZG9968|4.0|The Back-Up Plan is actually funny.  Normally I don't particularly care for romantic comedies, but this one... this one is actually fairly amusing.    Even more mysterious that I'd like this movie is that I have a fairly strong dislike of Jennifer Lopez.  Alright, I don't necessarily HATE her (I don't hate anybody) but she's just so... how can I say it... more often than not, she's just not funny to me.  This is a rare example where she is funny, and plays the \\"worried/unsure mother\\" part perfectly.    It's about Jennifer's character going to a sperm bank to become pregnant.  Then, she meets a guy and falls madly in love with him.  Alright perhaps not \\"madly\\" in love since they spend quite a bit of time fighting with each other and rarely appear on extremely good terms, but when they *do* share love, it's usually very intimate.    Well it turns out she's not only pregnant, but having twins.  Now, her boyfriend was already reluctant to become a father, and now he's got to worry about *two* babies.  Be glad you're not him because *I* sure as heck am, haha.    It's surprisingly funny though- most of the plotline and the random gags.  The one complaint though, is that they *really* beat the \\"suddenly turning away to throw up\\" gag into the ground.  That one was used WAY too many times.  I also loved the little dog who walked around with wheels for back legs- he was adorable.    Overall, as someone who normally hates romantic comedies, I can't quite believe how hilarious the Back-Up Plan is.  It's downright surprising.
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|The grandaddy/mommy of all gothic romances returns with sensation! Plenty of haunting scenery, subdued characters ready to explode, smoldering, restrained love story, and moody music to boot.    I've seen all the other versions and like them, more or less.  My favorites are the one with Ruth Wilson/Toby Stephens and the one with Charlotte Gainsburgh/William Hurt.  How can one lose with this kind of material?    Mia Wasikowska portrays Jane as she should: independant, longsuffering, other worldly.  She's strong but vulnerable- a deeply wounded herione.  Yes, the actor is beautiful, but it's cinema, and they try to make her plain.  She's lost and crying for half of the movie, words far and few.    Michael Fassbender plays Rochester with sexy verve.  William Hurt was more noble; Toby Stephens more solid with a soft core.  Fassbender plays him more as a stewing nervous, needy wreck.  Beat down by the life he's seen and the burden he carrys.  He hides behind gruffness, teasing, and a threatening persona.    Judi Dench plays the concerned housekeeper, and all the actors are fine, but secondary.  This is a movie first and foremost about Jane Eyre and then about her relationship with her love.  It's a big order for Ms. Wasikowska, but I think she pulls it off.    The movie starts out about mid story, and then departs on two main tales from different time periods going on with flashbacks.  It's well done, and I didn't mind it.  Sure, there's parts and important characters I wish they didn't leave out, but there's enough, I think, of new to make up for it.  The ending stirs to a quick, subtle finish.  The shortest of all the versions.  After all that pain, more might have been better?    In the extras, they show deleted scenes- some significant.  And one can see different camps of thought about where this movie could have went.  One, more maudlin, the other, a horror movie, aka, \\"The Shining- the prequel, the Jane Eyre years\\".  Fortunately, cooler minds prevailed.     There'sstill plenty of gothic, thrilling, creepiness and plenty of melodramatic, emotional roller coaster ride to suit those of us who thrive on this kind of stuff.
1400031567|5.0|Another great mystery!  Expect to read all of Kurt Wallander books again! They are spell binding and I can't put the books down. I hate to finish any of these books, they're so good.
B004I9TQLI|4.0|I've read the book upon which this movie is based, and also reviewed it. The book makes for a thoughtful discussion on the Holocaust, though it did have some problems having to do with plot implausibilities. Yet despite all of that, I did think the book added some value to novels dealing with the Holocaust, especially in portraying the story from the 8-year-old German Aryan boy's point of view.<br /><br />Now on to the movie - the story follows the book closely with some adaptations. Set during WW II, 8-year-old German Aryan, Bruno finds his carefree life in Berlin is about to come to an end as his father [David Thelis] has been promoted to the position of Kommandant thus necessitating the family's move to a rural outpost which is nameless. So, Bruno [Asa Butterfield], his 12-year-old sister Gretel [Amber Beattie], mother [Vera Farmiga] and dad make the move. Bruno is initially not impressed with his new surroundings - there are no other houses nearby and the children are not able to attend school, having to be taught by an old tutor who very much subscribes to Nazi ideology, pummeling the children with his ideology of hatred every chance he gets. Young Bruno in the meantime has discovered a 'farm' close by and to his immense delight, meets another 8-year-old boy with the curious name of Schmuel [Jack Scanlon] who seems to have tons of 'friends' and has the luxury of wearing 'pajamas' all day. Though he is forbidden to explore the back of the house, Bruno makes clandestine visits to his friend, who sadly cannot play with him as they are separated by a barbed wire fence, which Bruno thinks is to keep the animals out. The pairs friendship grows every day, and Bruno begins to discover certain things - that Jews are not treated well [he doesn't really buy the \\"Jews are evil\\" idea], and begins to see his father in a different light [the Kommandant keeps silent when a Jewish houseworker is pummeled by a sadistic Nazi underling]. In the meantime, Bruno's mother Ilse [Vera Farmiga] begins to fall apart as she comes to discover what really goes on in the camps [extermination of Jews] and suffers an emotional breakdown. The rest of the story deals with what happens to Bruno and Schmuel and the others.<br /><br />There are some plot implausibilities - the fact that Bruno is so incredibly naive about Jews and the ideology of hatred against them is hard to accept if only because most German Aryan boys of Bruno's age would have been in the Hitler Youth and thus exposed to such teachings. Bruno being a high-ranking Nazi officer's son would most certainly have been in the Hitler Youth as would his sister. Also, Ilse not knowing of what was going on in the camp [extermination] also seems implausible. As for Schmuel, most young children were immediately selected for the gas chambers upon arrival, and it seems almost miraculous that Schmuel survived for as long as he did, and was able to meet Bruno so often without detection.<br /><br />But, implausibilities aside, I still liked this movie - it manages to portray the innocence of children in a depraved world so very credibly, and this is largely due to Asa Butterfield's amazing performance as the naive Bruno whose eyes are slowly 'opened' to the cruelty evident around him. Jack Scanlon's Schmuel is also credible -the chemistry between the two boys is very real, and their friendship is altogether believable, even the part when Bruno 'betrays' his friend and Schmuel's reaction to this. Vera Farmiga's performance as the tormented Ilse is the most powerful adult performance in this movie - she delivers a finely-nuanced performance that makes us believe Ilse was truly horrified by what was being done to the Jews. The other adult male characters delivered rather weak performances - David Thewlis as the Kommandant was stiff in his role and seemed ill at ease for the most part, the sadistic Nazi driver seemed very much a one-dimensional character, and even the Jewish houseworker was not given much character development.<br /><br />All in all, \\"Boy in the Striped Pajamas\\" succeeds in getting under one's skin and doesn't cop out with a happily ever after ending, for the climax is brutal and mind-numbing. The child actors' powerful performances enables the movie to address questions about humanity and man's capacity for evil.in all, \\"Boy in the Striped Pajamas\\" succeeds in getting under one's skin and doesn't cop out with a happily ever after ending, for the climax is brutal and mind-numbing. The child actors' powerful performances enables the movie to address questions about humanity and man's capacity for evil.
0756404738|4.0|You obviously have to read the first in the series to understand anything that's going on.  This volume fleshes out a lot of the characters and places mentioned in the first, but leaves a lot of questions to be answered.  The main question being how long will the third and supposedly last book be?  To truly bring this tale to fruition and fulfill readers needs Rothfuss is going to have to work more magic then his young hero.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Fun, fast, easy games. Far better than the reviews would lead you to believe. The ads don&apos;t bother me at all.
B003K16P3M|5.0|This was a great book.  I love katsa (the main female character) and Po (the main male character).  I thought the idea of the book was great. What happened to Po was a little sad but overall it was a great read.  Wishing for a part 2.  I won't ruin the plot like others, read it for yourself. :)  Great job Kristin Cashore.
B00003CXPD|5.0|What does your heart drive you to do? Do you follow? Billy Elliot is a film about doing what you love no matter what. The main character is a boy named Billy who walks his own path. He doesn't like to box like all the other boys, he likes to dance. The film succeeds greatly because his passion to dance is so pure that you cant help but to root for him the entire way though. Billy goes his own way and all the others eventually learn to respect him for it. Not necessarily because of the dancing, but because of his willingness to be himself in a world that doesn't always understand the concept of individuality. The lesson at hand: of all the options available out there the one that wins every time is the choice to be yourself. Everyone should watch this movie at least once. The soundtrack includes great music from T.Rex, The Clash, and The Jam.
B004UM9A00|1.0|I couldn't get into this book. It skipped around too much. The characters didn't appeal either. How this book won a Pulitzer prize I simply can't imagine.
B002ZHKZD8|5.0|Who are you? Where do you come from? Where are you going? The Bourne Ultimatum can be summed up neatly under the following headings: fast paced, action packed, non-stop, thoughtful, and above all: efficient. The key reason why this film works so well is because the film itself is just as sharp as the main character: Jason Bourne. The Bourne Ultimatum is the third installment in the Borne Trilogy. The Bourne Trilogy is a series of novels by Robert Ludlum, which have been adapted to film in a series that include the following three films: The Bourne Identity (2002), The Bourne Supremacy (2004), and The Bourne Ultimatum (2007). This series of high tech thrillers redefined action movies for the 21st century. On the acting stage the Bourne Trilogy is driven by none other then Matt Damon playing Jason Bourne. On the surface this is essentially the story of a man trying to figure out his identity. To accomplish this task Bourne will have to conduct a world wide battle with the forces that created him: the CIA. The intriguing element here is that there is always something else going on. The audience is never completely filled in and always learning something new. The great thing about this entry in the series is that it never really stops from beginning to end. The story is constantly unraveling and you never really know what is going to happen next. Also the story arc is always changing and never sticks to formula. The Bourne Ultimatum is the only film in the trilogy to have been nominated for any Academy Award, winning all three of its nominations for Best Film Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Sound Editing at the 80th Academy Awards. The Bourne Ultimatum and the trilogy in general totally pushed the envelope for action adventure espionage films.
0307272702|5.0|This was an eye opener and very helpful in deciding what to do about my weight dilema. It's not the easiest to follow, however, and if I were not a diabetic it still would be great but I got several episodes of low blood sugar so I will have to do some self adjusting.
0811875555|5.0|Excellent book full of beauty full composed pictures and well made concepts.Not much on the concept process thought.But still a purchase worth making.
1577314808|4.0|Great book for general public... technically nothing new... but much easier to read and understand than ancient spiritual scripts:)   I like the languadging on the book.... not to new agy and up to the point. Osho-like...    Good start...
B004A8ZWVK|3.0|Quite a nice little movie about civil rights.  More laughs were had than expected.  Good thing it wasn't too serious.
0307346617|5.0|A really great book, it was very realistic and logical, as if it actually happened! I was recommended by a friend an now I know exactly how the zombie apocalypse can be handled and ended ;)[[ASIN:B000JMKQX0 World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War]]
B0016CHL44|5.0|Gosford Park is similar to a stage play.  Great performances with many famous stars of today.  I always shop Amazon for all of my DVDs...great prices and quick delivery.    [...]
5558765283|5.0|If you're new to the series and getting to the book for the first time, perhaps having started after seeing the HBO show, take a moment to consider how the previous book ended. Momentous events, some hopeful and some intensely tragic. A lot to take in, for both readers and characters.<br /><br />A Feast for Crows is a very different beast than A Storm of Swords, but this is all brought on by how A Storm of Swords ended. Several of the POVs are now dealing with the aftermath of what happened in the previous three books and the costs of all that action is now given time to sink in.<br /><br />I was actually quite disappointed when, following A Storm of Swords, we were told that the action would jump ahead five years between books 3 and 4. I felt it would not give readers the time to mourn the deaths and reflect on the events in the previous books since it would be \\"old history\\" for the characters when we next met them.<br /><br />Given this, I was very pleased to see that the jump ahead was abandoned and that we instead were allowed to follow along as the characters dealt with the events of the prior books. I also feel that GRRM's writing is at its most beautiful and poignant in many of the chapters in A Feast for Crows.<br /><br />Of course, some POVs don't appear at all in this book, and I do think that announcement should probably have been at the front of the book instead of at the end; it is frustrating to wait for a chapter that never shows up and not all readers have the benefit of Internet discussions to inform them in advance. So, do yourself a favour and don't turn page after page waiting for Dany, Jon and Tyrion. You'll see them in the next book.<br /><br />There are several new POVs, some fairly brief, but don't look at them as taking up room that your missing favourite could have had. Look at them as more opportunities of seeing new facets of the story. Its all a giant mosaic and all the pieces matter for the final image. That said, I think one really doesn't have to enjoy all POVs to enjoy the overall story; I definitely have my favourites as well as those that I rarely reread.<br /><br />This is, without a doubt, an even more character-driven book than the previous, but this change of tone and pace is something the series has been building towards, with chapters growing longer and more detailed over the previous books. Some readers are clearly disappointed with the change, but others (myself included) have embraced it. But I don't think it is surprising that a series that hooked readers by being different and defying expectations might lose some of them along the way by continuing to be different and continuing to defy expectations.<br /><br />That has nothing to do with a lack of quality, its all down to personal opinion. In my personal opinion, this was a wonderful read which clearly showed that GRRM is not just a master of shocking plot twists but also a master of characterisation.the overall story; I definitely have my favourites as well as those that I rarely reread.    This is, without a doubt, an even more character-driven book than the previous, but this change of tone and pace is something the series has been building towards, with chapters growing longer and more detailed over the previous books. Some readers are clearly disappointed with the change, but others (myself included) have embraced it. But I don't think it is surprising that a series that hooked readers by being different and defying expectations might lose some of them along the way by continuing to be different and continuing to defy expectations.     That has nothing to do with a lack of quality, its all down to personal opinion. In my personal opinion, this was a wonderful read which clearly showed that GRRM is not just a master of shocking plot twists but also a master of characterisation.
B000ZOXDFA|5.0|I have been buying DVD from Amazon for years and I have quite a collection.<br />A lot of them are military action which is my favorite.  I was even lucky to find<br />old releases now on DVD.  All of the DVD ordered new or used have all played<br />without a problem.
B004R13U6Y|5.0|I can easily confirm that, hands down, this PDF reader is the best going!  I would love to see this in a Windows version as well.    Adobe should buy what eZPDF reader has done and incorporate it into their definitely \\"second rate\\" reader. This reader certainly sets the standard by which all other PDF readers should be judged.    I am reading perfectly formatted, complicated, documents that neither Aldiko nor Adobe can properly display on my Galaxy Tab 7.    I give this app my highest recommendation.
1402217722|3.0|I have to say that I love Georgette Heyer and have never been disappointed but our heroine here is not interesting me in the least.  She's annoying boring and I find myself wishing that it was another character that was going to catch the eye of Rule.    The stammer doesn't bother me but I just feel like the other characters in the book that she's immature young and doesn't carry anything interesting for me to wish the Rule would fall for her.  The first meeting didn't grab me with these two and that's vastly disappointing as I always rely on Heyer to take me in with the couple upon first sighting even if they aren't at first attracted to each other.    This is the first time for me that it falls flat and I'm disappointed.
B0057A6GA6|5.0|This is the best one yet. Its got a ton of levels and is a solid challenge. Completely worth the $3.
0425241505|5.0|I never say what the book is about I figure that you come to see a review not a description. This was a really good book. I would reccommend it to anyone. I like the main characters. I really like the idea that this guy has a tall tower that he lands on in his dragon form. I look forward to the others that are following.
031603441X|4.0|I loved this book!  We've probably all heard the stories before, ie:  Altamont, the drug use, etc., but \\"Keif\\" puts you right there with him.  He tells everything from his perspective.  He doesn't just recount history, he goes into detail about things we don't know about him.  He describes how and when a particular song or songs were written, and he definitively tells how he helped craft the music of The Stones from the first chord to the final note.  I laughed really hard at times (once on an airplane full of people looking at me like I was a lunatic) and was nearly in tears at others.  I was entertained until the final page.  I've read several rock bios, but this one really struck a chord with me.  (yeah, pun intended)<br /><br />The book wasn't so much based on the shenanigans of the band as it was on Keith's heart and soul poured into the music over the years.  This was a great read.  If you've given up on rock bios due to the debauchery<br />and tales of female conquests, then pick up this book and give it one more try.  One thing in here that took me by surprise:  how much of a love story it is.  Love of the music, love of his family, and the love of his fans!
B004TTZHBK|5.0|Excellent application, but it desperately needs a bug fix release.  The recipes and videos are awesome...  delicious, some of the best meals I&apos;ve cooked.  I can&apos;t wait until the bugs are fixed so I can watch the videos.   I am using a galaxy tab.
0802130208|5.0|Although it is possible to get a flavor of a book from just a few pages, it annoys me when so many people write negative reviews on a book without reading the whole thing.  Many negative reviews in this forum state that they only read a few chapters of the book before deciding it was terrible.  IMO, if you didn't read the whole thing, don't criticize it.  Thanks.
1400052181|3.0|I picked up this book after getting recommendations from several friends and finding the subject matter interesting. The book documents the development of the first \\"immortal\\" cell line from the cervical cancer cells of a black woman in the 1950s. The cells were taken without her or her family's knowledge or consent, and led to the development of a multi-billion dollar industry without any compensation for her descendants.      The book is simply written and reduces the science it describes to easily understandable text. I think too much of the book is devoted to the research the author did to find the story (such as how many phone calls she had to make, how many times people hung up on her or didn't show up for interviews, etc.) But the story is an important one, and sheds light on the practice of medicine at that time, the patronizing attitudes of doctors and researchers and the lower class treatment routinely meted out to the black population. The author also describes the horrible mistreatment of blacks in mental institutions at that time, a shameful part of U.S. history.    It's not the highest quality writing, and I would have liked to see more in depth coverage of the ethical issues still lingering in cell research today. However, I do recommend this book as the story is a compelling one. And I admire the author's dogged pursuit of the truth and the respect she accorded the Lacks family throughout.
B004Z1896C|5.0|CALLING CARD is the best album ever by Irish blues-rock guitar legend Rory Gallagher, with many songs evoking ZZ Top and/or Johnny and Edgar Winter. There are many great songs here, including \\"Do You Read Me?\\", \\"Moonchild\\", and the best of the lot, \\"Secret Agent.\\"<br /><br />In the wake of this album's release, many music business people felt that Gallagher should tour the United States as a support act for such tough-on-crime Southern bands as the Marshall Tucker Band, the Outlaws, and ZZ Top. However, he not only rejected any such proposal, but even tried to have a record company executive's son restricted from living off-campus at college, a move that ended up hurting his career and ultimately may have kept him from reaching the age of 50 by making it hard for him to afford medical care. It's been suggested by his brother that his belief that college students whose parents were record executives shouldn't be allowed to live off-campus may have been an outgrowth of his affinity for folk music, which was sanctimoniously anti-commercial. At any rate, these attitudes, values, and beliefs prevented CALLING CARD from being a hit, because when a record executive tried to put out the song \\"Edged In Blue\\" as a single, he tried to have their kids recommended by their school for sleep-away camp. As a result, none of his albums, including this one, ever made it very high on either the U.S. or U.K. charts. Even though his treatment of record label bosses and their families strikes me as a bit callous, as well as extremely self-destructive, at least you can say that Rory Gallagher never backed down to anyone, and this CD, his best ever, proves that he may have been right in the end.
0316056863|2.0|I picked up Bossypants because I am a huge Tina Fey fan. I find her humor generally hilarious, often highbrow, I admire her success in the entertainment world and never miss an episode of Thirty Rock. After reading Bossypants, I believe Ms. Fey should stick to TV and movie writing. The anecdotes are just not that funny, and many of them seem to have been dashed off in 5 minutes without her or anyone else taking a second look. For example, she mentions at one point that her father was present at at important meeting or show. Then? Nothing. So, he was there. And? This happens over and over. So large a portion of the book is devoted to events leading up to her (great) portrayal of Sarah Palin on SNL that you'd think it was the most important event ever to occur in TV history. It was very funny, yes. Big enough to devote so many pages? Not really. Maybe Ms. Fey is just capitalizing on her popularity at the moment so she put out a book. For a woman of her enormous talent, Bossypants could have and should been so much better. For readers interested in a memoir of a huge comedic talent who experiences outsize dizzying success, instead of Fey try Steve Martin's \\"Born Standing Up.\\"
0553381695|5.0|This is a very long book with many slow periods of extended description and dialogue that feels overly weighted.  But despite that shortcoming, the overall journey is fantastic.  I was first introduced to George RR Martin's work by the spectacular 'Game of Thrones' television series and this book (A Song of Ice and Fire #2) has elevated the bar for what I consider to be not only a great fantasy novel, but a great book period.    Highly enjoyable, just set aside plenty of time to wade through the intricacies and lengthy footwork.  A definite recommend.
B00475AYJQ|5.0|I am just getting into the world of fantasy and I love the clever ways the author made the events in the book seem almost possible. I became very attached to the characters and found myself putting the book down only so it wouldn't be over yet.
B002ZG9800|2.0|I was quite excited at the thought of a \\"very humorous\\" gay story, however, by the time I had got about half way through I just turned it off. Ok, so my sense of humour is different to what they advertised.
B002QCD2QO|4.0|Edward Woodward plays a British police officer (Sgt. Howie) who's sent a mysterious letter asking him to find out about the disappearance of a young girl named Rowan Morrison. Rowan lives in a faraway, insulated island community called Summersisle, ruled by a man named, appropriately enough, \\"Lord Summersisle.\\" Woodward isn't just your ordinary, run of the mill police officer but a Bible-thumping, hardcore Christian. He's so hardcore, in fact, that even though he's well past the age of 30, he has remained a virgin to \\"save himself\\" for marriage.<br /><br />Woodward sets out to Summersisle in a police plane and starts investigating. Problem is that the people of Summersisle almost immediately give him the runaround about Rowan's existence. But that isn't the worst of it. The island community also seems to be a few fries short of a a happy meal, because every single thing they do, sing, or say seems to be involved with sex. Because of this, poor \\"devout Christian\\" Howie has to spend several nights enduring the raunchy ballads and rituals of Summersisle locals. Even locked in his room, he isn't safe-- one night, the innkeeper's daughter tries to seduce him!<br /><br />Just what *is* Summersisle, anyway? Is it some hippie commune practicing \\"free love\\"? Nope-- far from it. And when Howie investigates further as to what the people of Summersisle are really about, that's when the fun really begins! But I'll leave you to see the movie to find out for yourself.<br /><br />Because I'd already seen the abysmal 2006 Nicolas Cage remake, this movie didn't pack as much of a punch as it could have, since the plot twists and shocking ending had already been spoiled. In spite of knowing what was going to happen, though, I still found plenty of surprises in this film to keep me sufficiently entertained. This is because The Wicker Man is probably one of the quirkiest things I've ever seen, next to \\"Devil's Rain.\\" Actually, quirky doesn't even begin to describe it! From the \\"lewd\\" musical numbers (yes, there are musical numbers) to the parade where the people of Summersisle are wearing animal masks and medieval costumes, it is downright weird, but in a really cool way. Unfortunately, some of today's more cynical movie watchers might snort at derision at all this weirdness, but I found it more imaginative if anything.<br /><br />Another thing that was great about this film was Edward Woodward's performance. For the first 2/3rds of this film, he does such an incredible job portraying Howie as an insufferable jerk that half the time you're screaming, \\"Just leave them alone, you idiot!\\" and the other half you're just dying for someone to punch his lights out. And yet when you watch the final scenes, Woodward conveys so much humanity that after hating his guts for most of the film your heart weeps for him. I can't remember any performance in recent memory where an actor was *that good*, where he could have the audience booing for a character for so long and yet get it to sympathize with him in the end.<br /><br />At any rate, needless to say I really enjoyed The Wicker Man. I don't think everyone *will* enjoy it, though, because it definitely is an acquired taste. However, I do recommend anyone who's seen the Nicolas Cage remake to see it, if only for the curiosity factor. It may not provide the same amount of \\"unintentional laughs\\", but it will definitely offer a much better cinematic experience.e are musical numbers) to the parade where the people of Summersisle are wearing animal masks and medieval costumes, it is downright weird, but in a really cool way. Unfortunately, some of today's more cynical movie watchers might snort at derision at all this weirdness, but I found it more imaginative if anything.    Another thing that was great about this film was Edward Woodward's performance. For the first 2/3rds of this film, he does such an incredible job portraying Howie as an insufferable jerk that half the time you're screaming, \\"Just leave them alone, you idiot!\\" and the other half you're just dying for someone to punch his lights out. And yet when you watch the final scenes, Woodward conveys so much humanity that after hating his guts for most of the film your heart weeps for him. I can't remember any performance in recent memory where an actor was *that good*, where he could have the audience booing for a character for so long and yet get it to sympathize with him in the end.     At any rate, needless to say I really enjoyed The Wicker Man. I don't think everyone *will* enjoy it, though, because it definitely is an acquired taste. However, I do recommend anyone who's seen the Nicolas Cage remake to see it, if only for the curiosity factor. It may not provide the same amount of \\"unintentional laughs\\", but it will definitely offer a much better cinematic experience.
0307454541|3.0|As a crime mystery, The Girl with the Dragon Tatto is the exactly kind of book that provides just enough suspense as a diversion for a couple of days...and then you forget about it. If you're the kind of person with an entire bookshelf full of airport novels, you'll love it. Others may be a bit more apathetic, having read it for the sake of tuning in to the hype.<br /><br />The dialogue is probably it's biggest weakness, as some of the lines will make you wince, and there isn't much character development going on since most of the effort is spent on cultivating the whodunit. As is the case with a lot of crime fiction, there aren't any character arcs. Larsson doesn't develop Blomqvuist at all and we only have HINTS at who Salander really is. In other words, the characters manage to solve most of the extrapersonal conflicts they face in the story, but none of the inner personal conflicts because there either aren't any presented to solve or they're only HINTED at. While I realize character development was never the hallmark of crime fiction, you'd think there'd be room for more character than what we wind up with in 600 pages. I'm assuming Larsson left Salander a mystery to make her seem \\"cooler.\\" I'm also assuming Larsson wanted to make Blomqvist cool by randomly sleeping with everybody.<br /><br />The second problem I had were the overarching feminist themes (you know, most men in power are sociopaths who hate women and most women are blameless innocent victims struggling against repression in a violent patriarchal society). As an offshoot of these embedded overtones, we get a lot of stereotypical male and female characters that feminist fantasy has indulged and nutured for decades. Larsson no doubt had this in mind when creating Salander--the badass loner renegade chick wronged by men who knows martial arts, carries weapons, wears leather, and engages in high level espionage. This may have been sexy, unique and even interesting at one time; it isn't anymore. You could turn on almost any tv program or movie these days and see the exact same recycled character running around trying to save the world and stop crime.<br /><br />In any case, while it may not be something anybody's ever going to hang up in the pantheon of great literature, it does accomplish more than many other completely overhyped books have failed miserably to do. Three stars, but not convincingly.any tv program or movie these days and see the exact same recycled character running around trying to save the world and stop crime.      In any case, while it may not be something anybody's ever going to hang up in the pantheon of great literature, it does accomplish more than many other completely overhyped books have failed miserably to do. Three stars, but not convincingly.
B004UG7RQ0|5.0|This device worked great!  I first had to figure out how the car's equipment would allow this to function, but when that was figured out it was great.  This adds such versatility to the already installed ipod cable.
1601251505|1.0|Muitas pessoas gostam desse livro e o indicam como sucessor natural do D&D 3,5. Contudo, essas pessoas deveriam perceber que, na verdade, gostam &eacute; do D&D 3,5, s&oacute; que com alguns feats a mais.<br /><br />  Esse livro &eacute; detalhado e bem formatado, mas &eacute; uma c&oacute;pia do D&D 3,5, com feats novos e classes reformuladas. Ele NO SE ARRISCA, NO INOVA, se limita a melhorar feats e classes. Outros RPGs d20 so bem melhores, como Conan e Accordlands.
B004GUSG4M|4.0|S. J. Watson's debut novel is a stunning suspense thriller. I could not put this book down.<br />Each morning when Christine wakes up she has forgotten who she is, where she is and almost everything about her past. The only people she can trust are her husband Ben and her DR. Ed Nash....or can she?<br />This novel will grab you in the first few pages and hold you tight, as you and Christine try to reassemble the missing pieces of her past.<br />I will be looking for more work by this fantastic new author.
B004Q7E0TA|4.0|I bought this book just the other day. I finished it in a day! I couldn't put it down. I struggled with an eating disorder in my teens. Although, I never was as extreme as Portia was, I definitely had a problem. This book brought back a lot of memories for me. It made me question if I've fully recovered. She's a better writer than I thought she would be. The book moves well. She lets the reader in with revealing her past, but holds back on some details. I respect that and appreciate it. I was pleasantly surprised.
1594202842|4.0|There's lots to admire in this parenting saga. I'm glad to see such conviction that kids are strong and don't need protection from challenges. The whole Chua family network including the dogs gets into the drama, and things get hotter than hell's kitchen. It's a titanic clash of wills, and a story I wish every family could discuss.<br /><br />Amy Chua doesn't really care if her kids get rich or famous. She just wants them to stand head and shoulders above all competitors, for the sheer excellence of it. I don't think it's a Chinese thing. It's an immigrant thing. Lot's of people in China are far more concerned to fit in than to stand out.<br /><br />Maybe we're all prone to assume that something or other is the greatest thing in life, be it money, fame, love, religiosity, or whatever. And if that chosen whatever is the greatest thing, then do we have any valid excuse not to go flat out for the gold medal in that, even if it's to the exclusion of almost everything else?<br /><br />Chua's book makes you think, and we need to think a lot. We know those kids on the Olympic podiums spent their entire childhoods striving for their moments of glory. We know there were huge costs. We also know that the kids who never really strove for anything have no future we'd want. But is life just a relentless competition for the top spot? Or does the art of life involve finding the best balance?<br /><br />--author of A Galaxy of Immortal Women: The Yin Side of Chinese Civilization
B004FJJGBG|5.0|i tried to watch this in 2d and it was boring.then my son said he saw it in 3d in the theater and it was great so i decided to get it in 3d. found on craigslist and got it.price was high but it is well worth it.i have watched it about 4 times and each time i see something new. would highly recommend this in 3d to anyone.i am only afraid i willl wear this dvd out from watching it. the price may be high but if you watch it enough it will end up being cheap. i have the lg 3d tv and bluray player and am an avid fan of 3d. and remember you can invite friends to watch it with you.
B004RJMUJO|2.0|I absolutely despise Apple and their products. But my son was given an iTouch, so what can you do. I&apos;ve downloaded this game for both devices, paid $1 for each of them. So why is it the version from Apple is far superior with much more game play options. There is a complete game mode missing in the Android version! If I pay money for a game, I expect it to be the same regardless of the device it&apos;s installed on.
1933952806|5.0|Darrell's coverage of the capabilities of the Nikon D7000 go far beyond the manual. In order to get the most from your camera, Darrell's series of Nikon manuals are a must read. Darrell explains all the features of the D7000 in easy to ready detail, including all exposure and focusing modes. If you haven't read this book, you're not getting the most out of your D7000!
B000CNFC76|5.0|I can't believe it took me a while to see this movie. There are so many movies out there (sports movies) that show triumph over an egotistic opponent and that isn't the case here, it shows good guys can play on both sides and they both can equally want to win as much as the guy they're up against. In the end what matters is the end of the game, and if it was well played throughout its journey. A story full of heart.
B000BNX4MC|5.0|I asked for this movie because it was \\"from my time\\".  Definitely is a classic that everyone should have.  Good young artists in that time, you see them in great movies today.
B002LFPAUC|5.0|John Cleese leads the way with humor and it's all fun.<br />  Set in an English hotel run by Basil Fawlty (John Cleese) and his wife where nothing goes right but always ends well.<br />  The twelve episodes still work today, and was translated into just about every language and rerun many times on the BBC.<br />  This communicates a universal popularity.<br />  You'll love it.
B00314VYNE|4.0|My Daughter has been a longtime fan of Toy Story, bought her a very small, cheap plastic doll just to measure whether or not she was going to like it... she loved it.  That's why I decided to go for the real thing.  I got this doll for her 2nd birthday back in February, she went nuts from the moment she saw it... slept with it, she even wanted to shower with it.  Looks exactly like the \\"Jessie\\" on the movies, good size...  I would give it 5 stars, but must take one away and leave it at four for this: the hat, unless you put the doll in a shelf and leave there untouched the hat just won't stay on... there is the option of gluing it on, but what's the fun in that.  My Daughter has never been able to play with the doll while wearing the hat.  Despite this two \\"downs\\" I would buy the doll again any day of the week, twice on Sunday...  Can't complain about the Seller and shipping, everything was as requested and expected.
B004Q7E0TA|5.0|A profound, deeply moving biography about how an anorexic thinks. Written from the perspective of the unwell woman's thought process; all the while maintaining the illusion to herself that her thinking is accurate. Brilliantly  written. Flows well, a page turner!
B000SMWUPS|2.0|I've used this product for only 5 months with our Chicco lightweight stroller, and the metal band that goes around the top snapped in half and pokes out. It still mostly keeps it shape, but I'll probably have to throw it out when my child is old enough to reach it b/c it's a hazard for little fingers.
0345529057|5.0|Just getting into the first book, but does capture the reader. Got into it because of the HBO series. If you are a fan of fantasy and middle earth (think Lord of the Rings) this series will definitely entertain you.
1401207529|5.0|This is probably one of the best stories, not just Batman tales, but one of the best STORIES, period, I have read. This is a modern redo of Batman's origins that also intertwines his rise with Lieutenant James Gordon's slow rise to the post of Commissioner (by the end of Year One he is a Captain). The main storyline revolves around Bruce Wayne returning from 18 years of training and traveling across the world after the murder of his parents to start his \\"quest\\" and James Gordon moving from the Chicago PD to Gotham's police force, which, unsurprisingly, is pretty corrupt (A one page prologue drawn as a Gotham newspaper has an article that sets the tone for this). Slowly, since they both are basically working towards the same goal, the start to move toward each other until they finally cross paths. By the end they have developed a working relationship of sorts, and have started to tackle the mundane but powerful elements of crime and corruption in Gotham City; the Mafia, their business partners, and many of Gotham's government officials. I particularly liked the fact that this story does look at what inspired Bruce Wayne to use a bat as a symbol,  and how Jim Gordon became such a tough cop. Outside of the Nolan Batman films, this is probably the most strictly speaking realistic Batman you will see, with all of the human flaws and mistake-making that tend to define people. This also applies to Gordon, who has his own weakness and mistakes to overcome as well. We also see Harvey Dent already have a working relationship with Batman early on as an Assistant D.A. before the addition of Gordon to the team, which adds to his later, tragic character as Two-Face. This is a story you could read twice in a row; I would definitely recommend reading this!    Sidenotes: This story is the current foundation story which is used as the jumping off point for most of the modern Batman comics, and about 10 or so other stories have been written that take place within Year One, rightafter Year One, or parallel to it. A good follow up story is Batman: Shaman, which goes into deeper detail as to why Bruce Wayne seized on the bat as a symbol, and looks at what some of his training entailed. Alternatively, given the hint at the end, an additional good follow up would be Batman: The Man Who Laughs, which introduces the Joker after his accident, and Batman:Dead to Rights, which depicts the Joker's trial after the Man Who Laughs. I should also mention that there is a notable subplot in Year One that involves the origin of Catwoman throughout the main story, which serves to show how Batman, to some degree, inspires or creates his super-villain enemies, and how similar he is to them. Additionally, establishes that Catwoman and Batman are very similar people as well(and could be a couple, thus starting their weird relationship). I should also point out that about 30 or so pages of bonus materials are included in the book, and the story itself is 96 pages (97 counting the \\"newspaper\\"). The cover for the paperback is very nice and has a plastic coating that helps keep it looking fresh.       Cons: I noticed that although most of the reviews are positive, there are a few very negative ones, so I will attempt to list potential reasons why people might not find this story appealing: A. It does not have any colorful or fantastic supervillains (unless you count Catwoman), since Frank Miller was going for a realistic angle.     B. The story does not have a typical one-off plot where a villain is introduced, schemes, and is defeated or escapes; instead it is focused on origins and the development of the characters.This means that the story is a little deeper and longer and takes a bit more effort to follow than a typical comic book storyline.     C. The art is good, but the colors used are chiefly a lot of blues, greys, blacks, reds, oranges and yellows(mainly for the background, not the characters themselves) to set a gritty \\"tone\\", so those who prefer a somewhat more colorful comic or are comic art critics or hard core comic fans may be disappointed. The average reader, like myself, should not find this to be an issue.     The only issue I had with my copy was that there were slight marks from shipping, but since this has nothing to do with the enjoyment of the product, I give it 5 stars.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|This might be a nice update to AB1, but it switches to full screen video ads which take over the phone. There is a skip button, but the phone locks up for the duration of the video. Imagine if your tv locked onto an ad and wouldn&apos;t do anything else until you watched the ad. This is WAY too intrusive advertising, so much so that I can&apos;t get through the first level to find out if the game is any good. The game may be great, but I&apos;ll never know since I&apos;m not playing it past the first ad.
B0050XFY4O|5.0|I watched this stunning movie alone, but so wished afterward that I could sit down over a cup of coffee and talk about what we had just experienced. I was sucked in completely in watching the adorable, loving and joyous relationship that the two young boys had as I had never witnessed siblings who were so immersed and satisfied from the mere existence of the other. It was like watching something \\"other worldly\\" ... theirs was a relationship to marvel upon. Only after they had made the transition to adulthood did it begin to strike me as awkward and make me feel a bit queasy because \\"I knew\\" that this was something the world labels \\"wrong\\".    That's when the window that I had been viewing their lives through and had started judging their morality became a mirror reflecting my face back to myself. I was the one that had a problem with it, they did not. It was a set of morals I had been taught as \\"right\\" that I was trying to hold up as a measuring stick to determine just \\"how wrong\\" I thought they were.    Francesco and Tom Tom had never considered their love for each other as anything other than pure and respectful and everything that true love should be. So I had to ask myself \\"Why is this 'wrong'? Who am I to judge their feelings based on rules and regulations I have been taught ... taught by a world that has created its own set of 'do's and don'ts' in telling us how we are allowed to love another human being?\\" LOVED THIS MOVIE!
0307593495|3.0|This is a strange and unsatisfying ending to a series I generally liked.  Half way through the book, which I read uninterrupted to that point, I thought Mankell was back on top of his game, and I only stopped because I was too tired to continue.  I looked forward to reading the remainder the following evening.  However, beginning with Part 3 it all went downhill.  The character of the missing man seemed to change beyond the bounds of the suspension of disbelief which fiction writers must respect.    Yet there was something very touching in Wallander's relationship with his adult daughter, and the description of an aging and frightened detective, another very \\"troubled man,\\" who finally succumbs to his illness.    The book also could have benefited from some selective editing; it was far too rambling, but perhaps that was intended to portray the unsettled mental state of Wallander.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I love this CD.  She has a strong voice and a strong message.  In addition, she is so colorful and I love her independent attitude.
B004SUDQ4U|5.0|This is the best submarine movie ever, and in fact is one of my favorite movies of all time.  It really gives you the feeling of what it would be like in a submarine and leaves you on the edge of your seat!  You feel what the passengers feel - isolation, loneliness, frustration, nervousness.  The blu-ray looks great and is worth the upgrade.  The sound is terrific.  I always watch the original German soundtrack with English subtitles.  I've never watched the dubbed English version and never will so I cannot comment on it.  I rarely watch special features so I can't comment on those either.
B004ZT9QVQ|3.0|This episode was reviewed by GeekDad as being \\"self contained and efficient\\".  It was just that.  It didn't push the plot forward, but it didn't leave any lingering questions either.  -Spoiler Alert- This episode does set up a few upcoming appearances but aside from that, it is just enjoyable filler, like popcorn at a movie.
B005HED6QY|5.0|Wow - wild to watch Man Trap after all these years. Flip open cell phones and Blue Tooth shown nearly 50 years ago. Somebody was paying attention!!
B003L77GH4|5.0|This was a huge improvement after the first season. You can feel more mystery, more action, more gore and less drama and love, which was a little boring at the beginning of the series.<br />I love Nina's performance as Elena and now as Katherine, because she is very versatile when it comes to play a good girl, and a bad girl at the same time. She's pretty much the one that makes this show so good (and probably the \\"why\\" it succeded).<br /><br />It's a must see show, even if you're not into vampires, because it's nothing like Twilight, it's more real and less drama. Can't wait for season three, because this show is going to last a long time.
0439023491|5.0|If you thought the first book was great, this book has even more twists sure to keep you on the edge of your seat!  Beware though: you will want to continue reading on into the third book because there is such a cliff-hanger at the end of this one!
1250004349|1.0|this shallow and superficial attempt to cash in on holocaust hysteria has great appeal for the hand-wringing sickly sentimental chick lit crowd. for an intelligent or critical reader this book is neither entertaining nor educational.    why so-called 'reviewers' think it is necessary to recapitulate the plot of every book they comment on i do not understand. i guess they confuse critical comment with primary school 'book reports'.    fortunately, there are many readers who have seen through this shabby and trite tear jerker and have so commented.     i'm sure no publisher would have touched this, had the author not been from a family so ensconced in the french chattering classes
0439023521|5.0|I am so happy that I got this book and book #2 at the same time so I didn't have to put the series down right away!  This is one of those books that once you start, you can't stop because you have to know what happens next!
B0054R6BFM|4.0|After much contemplation about whether or not to purchase Thirteen Reasons Why on my Kindle, I finally caved in and bought it.     I'm pretty glad I did.     The idea is both beautiful and intriguing- a teenage boy recieves a pack of cassette tapes from his classmate, and over the course of one night he learns about the thirteen people leading up to her suicide- and that he was one of them.     Maybe I've just read too many Jodi Picoult novels, but I was expecting a beautifully written tearjerker about a girl's decision to end her life. However, the tears never came. I had trouble getting emotionally involved in the story; and although it was interesting I still felt strangely detatched from the plot and characters, like I could put the book down anytime.     If you're looking for a fresh YA book with an original plot, then this is definitely the book for you. If you're looking for an emotional roller coaster then I would pass on this.
B002VPE1YS|2.0|I ordered this case for my Sony T50, it looked very nice in the picture and it seemed in a good quality to me, when i recieved it it turns that it has fragile quality which doesnt seem worth its price and its bigger than it looks.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|Reading a lot more since a always have phone on me. Ultimate timekiller without sucking down data. Use black background for lower battery usage. I love this app.
081297381X|4.0|First I must say that not a little of this book was over my head, at least on a first reading. What I liked most about it was Taleb's unremitting criticism of so-called experts (especially economists), people with a largely or completely academic background and experience, with no experience in the messy real world, who rule Wall Street and I will add government. I'm also inspired to read Karl Popper and David Hume, two philosophers whom Taleb cites favorably, as I have run across them in other works. Lastly, I didn't find Taleb to be arrogant as some commentators have mentioned. He has a healthy dose of self-esteem but is hardly overbearing.
B004XC5LP0|5.0|I'm not techy enough to go on and on about the video and audio quality in terms only engineers would understand, and I don't claim to be a talented reviewer like so many Amazon customers seem to be, I just wanted to offer simple minded comments about this Blu-ray edition of Dante's Peak.<br />I love it!  I know there are certain holes in the plot, but I think it's great fun.  I'm entertained throughout the movie!<br />The picture looks fantastic!  I had watched the movie recently on an HD channel on cable.  Some of the more fiery scenes were badly \\"pixelated\\" on cable HD.  On the Blu-ray... perfect.  Crystal clear.<br />The sound is also fantastic.<br />When I read these reviews I'm usually trying to decide if the Blu-ray is worth the purchase price compared to my DVD copy, or even as a general purchase.  Am I going to be glad I bought it?  If that's your purpose for reading reviews, my opinion is BUY this one.  This is one of those discs that makes me glad I have a Blu-ray player!
B001SERO42|5.0|short, great poems in the style of Shel Silverstein. the poems are interesting and oddly a bit humorous. once i started i read the entire book in one sitting. not very long but well worth it.
0670022411|2.0|I have never been moved to write a review for Amazon before, but after wading through almost 600 pages of poorly written prose, I'm honestly a little bitter and hateful.    I read and write in this genre and my general feelings about this book is that it could have been 200 pages shorter, and would have seriously benefited from some peer critiquing. The love scenes were uncomfortable and puritanical, many of the plot twists were cliched, and it was only the originality of some of Harkness's ideas that kept this novel from being a total disaster.    The last 100 pages were just painful, because apparently this woman has no idea how to pace a plot or how to cut out the unnecessary dialogue, and scenes that go no where and have no purpose.     If you still feel an intense urge to read this story anyway, borrow it from the library or from a friend, but don't be hateful when you return it, because I told you so.    If you really like this genre, check out Kelley Armstrong or Jennifer Rardin.
6305603847|5.0|As a Pink Floyd fan since the mid 1980's it's impossible not to love this movie and watch it every chance you get.  Every time I watch it I see something different or in another light.  Even if you don't like Pink Floyd or know much about them but like \\"trippy\\" type movies then you will probably still love this. Yeah, it can be weird but in such a way that makes weird an enjoyable and thrilling thing. The only thing I wish as I realize I bought this in 1999 is that all these years later this is the one move of all-time that I want to see a Blu-Ray version.
0812550706|5.0|This book was beyond the realm of being a great read and it is an instant classic!  I have read it several times.  The first time that I read this book was in college and I had to analyze the book from a sociological and psychological perspective.  The book is very fast paced has  tons of action, intrigue, fighting, a love story, a sci fi story, an action adventure story, this book really does have it all.  While the book is geared towards children and is a young adult novel, there are interesting overtones which make it a great read for adults too.  The book is ultimately a commentary on the human psychology of warfare and the need to extricate one's self from killing in order to be able to do the deed.  Additionally, the book shows an interesting perspective on human social interaction especially in high competition situations, as well as life or death situations.      One of the best parts of this book (aside from the ending) are the characters.  The characters in this book are extremely well developed and really are likeable, both the protagonists and the antagonists.  The writing style of this book is fast paced and really makes you want to keep reading.  Each page is suspenseful dragging you in further and further into the plot, just begging to find out what happens.  To people who complain about the \\"plain writing style\\", you need to remember that this is a kid's book and to use anything but a simple to understand and fast paced style would ultimately be pointless and would not grab the kid of young adults attention in the same manner as it would an adult.  The writing style is simply reflective of being for a target audience and I think that this makes the book a great read for adults and kids alike.      The story line of this book and the plot itself are beyond phenomenal, well thought out, well planned and perfectly executed.  Ultimately the book follows a group of children who are military geniuses through their training.  The book details their struggles, their infighting and their lives as the progress and become more and more ruthless.  The end of the book is beyond amazing, it was perfectly planned, came out of left field and left me speechless.  If you really want to wow your professor in Lit class use this book and analyze it from a sociological perspective, psyc perspective or discuss the use of children in warfare due to their malleability...     I definitely recommend this book, I loved it and i think you and your kids will.  Definitely BUY IT NOW!
B0041KKYBA|1.0|When watching this film it is important to keep in mind that it is left wing propaganda.  There are some interesting facts but they are not presented in a balanced matter.  I suggest reading \\"The Big Short\\" by Michael Lewis for a interesting and balanced perspective.
B000MLNUBI|5.0|cool watch to wear make you feel special ;) people keep asking me where i bought it from and how much...
B004EPYZU8|1.0|This is one of those movies that is becoming sadly more common now adays.  It uses weird, slick camera angles, slow motion and mediocre visual effects to try to fill in the holes left by lack of characters, a terrible dialog, and no  recognizable plot or development.  Seriously, what the hell?  Once you saw the blonde teenager with a katana, and a samurai with a gatling gun, you knew it was only a matter of time before someone showed up in a battle mech.
0739489542|4.0|Merchandise as advertised, with additional bonus of being in Large Type. In my case that is a definite plus. Everything as good as, or better than claimed.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|It is one the most played game on my phone right alongside angry birds and fieldrunners...oh and chuzzle...that goes for me my mother and my son... phones and tablets old and new alike...for the guy who keeps losing progress maybe it's the way YOU... exit my right year old has no problems.....
0553801473|2.0|Some of the characters in this book were killed off in an earlier book.<br />It was confusing at best and more characters added when we wanted to<br />know what happened to the others?<br /><br />Is there another book coming??????  It did  not finish very well.<br /><br />I was totally disappointed.<br /><br />Jon was attacked and we don't know if he is dead or alive - where is Sansa<br />and Littlefinger and Lady Katelyn?<br /><br />This book was very long and very little of it tied together.<br /><br />I loved the other four -  this one was hard to read.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|It was delivered before I expected it and in excellent condition. I wish it had a booklet detailing the episodes, but at least it's compact and all of the discs work.
B001S86J1C|5.0|I must say, this movie in HD Blu-ray is the best quality I've seen in years. It's great to know I own one of the greatest coming-of-age films in this great quality. It's loaded with interviews about the film. The Audio is also great.    Now for the film itself. It's pretty much about a teenager named Ferris who skips school with his girlfriend Sloane and his BFF Cameron. They pretty much take in the sights of the great city of Chicago while Ferris's sister and the School Principal try to expose Ferris to his parents.    As Ferris would say, this film is so choice and if you have the means and enjoy 1980s teen films, I'd highly recommend you pic up this blu-ray.
0785139168|5.0|I want to write this review cause I saw that some people didn't like this version. But I loved it. I'm an eight year old girl and I've gotten up to this level of reading. I've read it twice. Now I just read my favorite parts and I like it so much that I have memorized some of the speech bubbles from it. It has wonderful illustrations that are so detailed that they seem to come to life. The cover of the book is like a magazine and it's really funny. I like Elizabeth because I feel like she's just like me and I would do the same things as her... that is, if I was older. I would recommend it for anybody. I can really feel the prejudice between the main characters and I just really love this version. I've read the children's classic of Pride and Prejudice also and listened to the unabridged audiobook by Jane Austen. And I've seen the old BBC movie and the new movie. I've also seen Bride and Prejudice. And this version remains my favorite of all of them. Thank you!
B000002KHY|5.0|My husband likes James Taylor- we had to replace this album because the original was stolen- We were glad to find it at a moderate price at Amazon .com. The description was accurate and delivery was prompt.
B00004WG2F|5.0|I JUST LOVE BRAD PITT. I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO FIND THIS DVD FOR A WHILE. THANKS FOR GETTING IT TO ME QUICKLY.
B005BZQS1E|4.0|If you ever saw any of the '80s fantasy hero vs. whatever-the-imagination-could-cook-up adversary movies (Beastmaster, Krull, Conan, Swords & ...) then you know what this movie's working premise is, except it's a parody, spoof and burlesque (in the literary sense) of that genre. It is a 12 year olds dream dialogue - yes, lots of profanity and references to private parts, sexual innuendo with girls undressed enough to convey those ideas.     Surprisingly, despite being over the top in restricted age dialogue the acting, sets, CG effects, editing and general flow of the movie made it an entertaining package.
B004UUKDNA|5.0|Wow - what an upbeat band.  Looooooove it.  This comes at a really good time - postive, lotsa fun.  Ok - Which band mate is single?? Great stuff.
0810983915|2.0|SPOILERS. This book is not as funny as earlier volumes in the Wimpy Kid series. In fact, my family found it kind of disturbing. I've been reading it out loud to my kids - ages 7 and 11 - before bed, and while there are a few chuckle-worthy moments, most of it is a whole lot of lame. Greg is a whiny selfish jerk, the mom is perpetually clueless, the dad is a clueless jerk (who the heck forgets their wife at a gas station while on a family road trip and doesn't notice for almost an hour?), and even the grandpa turns out to be a jerk (\\"Oh, btw, I ran over your pet dog and then lied about it, isn't that funny?\\" and then dad gets mad and sticks grandpa with the brunch check on Father's Day in retaliation - how mature). Even when the father has to fix something Greg screwed up (like Mrs. Canfield's lawn), he doesn't make Greg responsible for his own actions, or even explain to the kid what he did wrong. Earlier books seemed more clever and funny, this one just feels like Jeff Kinney is running out of ideas.
B005CMSDLE|4.0|What do you get when the director of Atonement, Pride and Prejudice (2007), and The Soloist directs an action movie?  How about if La Femme Nikita and The Fifth Element's Leeloo produced a love-child?  Same answer for both:  Hanna.  And now for something completely different...<br /><br /> Both brutal and emotionally delicate, this fairy tale-driven movie follows a young, female, elven-looking Jason Bourne in her journey to defeat the wicked witch.  Hanna tries to appeal to both art house critics and action movie connoisseurs, but succeeds considerably more in the ethereal former than the latter.<br /><br />Hanna begins very slowly, but with no shortage of intrigue, as we are introduced to Hanna (Saoirse Ronan) and her father (Eric Bana) living in some subarctic wilderness.  They make ends meet by living off the grid with zero human interaction and hunting for self-sufficiency.  Like any father concerned for his early-teenage daughter, he randomly assaults her to test her developing martial prowess--for which she has a frightening facility.  Near bedtime Hanna is drilled to answer questions in Spanish, Italian, German...no problem.  We later learn that she also speaks Japanese and Arabic.  Just as we begin to question how this young girl could be so talented as a spy-in-training we meet her deficiency.  She has had no human or world interaction.  All of her knowledge outside of her ployglot tongue and combat grooming have been limited to a single-volume abridged encyclopedia.<br /><br /> Yearning to be introduced to the world, we discover that Hanna's training has been geared to assassinate a CIA agent (Cate Blanchett) formerly assigned to her case; assigned to terminate her, having already dispatched her mother.  This plot element goes largely unexplained.  So if you craft questions about it while watching the movie, they will go unanswered.<br /><br /> The movie has notably two different tones.  One is reserved for the scenes in which we see Hanna interacting with the sights, sounds, and denizens of a world she only understood through her father's explanations as if they were fairytales.  The majority of her character development is cued by a budding relationship with a posh British tween on her family vacation in Africa.  She experiences friendship, acceptance, and a near-first kiss which results in a Spanish teen almost having his neck snapped (a very Leeloo-Fifth Element moment).  Her awkward social encounters are humorous.  When asked how her mother died by the British girl's mother, Hanna casually and informatively replies: \\"three bullets.\\"  While, at moments, this social experiment comes off as shocking, it also has its enchanting moments.  As she experiences new, simple things such as hearing music or having the wind blow in her face riding aback a motorcycle, her haunting expressions remind me of the emotional journey taken by the young, deaf Japanese girl from Babel.<br /><br /> The other tone was strongly forecast by the trailer: Hanna is a stone-cold killer.  Eric Bana brought his A-game Munich bad-assery to this movie and shared a heaping spoonful of kickass awesome with his co-star.  There are several battles between Hanna and her father, as well as between each of them and various covert-types sent to kill them.  In terms of camera work and film-editing, no effort is made for the viewer to enjoy the Bourne Identity-style fighting choreography.  You \\"know\\" what kinds of moves are being executed, but you cannot really \\"see\\" it happen.  Instead, every effort is made for the viewer to experience the abrupt, brutal, purposeful nature of these trained killers.  Their techniques come off as effortless; instinctive.  Also similar to the Bourne series is how much sprinting occurs in this movie, making for a very fight-or-flight-y experience.<br /><br /> Presented with many elements of fantasy--a young girl (sort of) imprisoned, naively interacting with the outside world, a \\"near first\\" kiss, revenge, a wicked witch,a fairy tale house, and various foreign locales--our more elf-than-human looking heroine strives to defeat her nemesis to have her revenge and gain her freedom.  Her journey ends with an ending that doesn't feel like an ending.  Rather it feels like they \\"forgot\\" to film the last few scenes and abruptly \\"ended\\" the movie on the spot.  Considering the strong, climactic, symbolic endings of fairy tales, this felt like a huge disappointment after watching an otherwise stimulating film.<br /><br /> Despite some large plot holes and an ending that should earn the director a well-deserved kick in the nuts, I'd still like to offer a hard sell on seeing this movie.  It borrows from many, but is unlike any other.  I found this movie very interesting, touching and surreal.es--our more elf-than-human looking heroine strives to defeat her nemesis to have her revenge and gain her freedom.  Her journey ends with an ending that doesn't feel like an ending.  Rather it feels like they \\"forgot\\" to film the last few scenes and abruptly \\"ended\\" the movie on the spot.  Considering the strong, climactic, symbolic endings of fairy tales, this felt like a huge disappointment after watching an otherwise stimulating film.     Despite some large plot holes and an ending that should earn the director a well-deserved kick in the nuts, I'd still like to offer a hard sell on seeing this movie.  It borrows from many, but is unlike any other.  I found this movie very interesting, touching and surreal.
B003Y5H542|4.0|I personally found this movie greatly entertaining while also providing fantastic visuals and charming characters. Though by Nickelodeon, it's not necessarily for children, though they can also enjoy it to some length (several jokes are adult-oriented).    This being said, it is even MORE worth it for the combo pack from amazon at this low price, no reason not to get it.
1250004349|4.0|The involvement of the French in the deporatation of Jews during World War II is not well known.  SARAH'S KEY will do a lot to bring a focus on what really happened.<br /><br />Tatiana de Rosnay has done an amazing job of weaving the past and the present together to tell the story of Sarah's family while at the same time telling the story of Julia's and her marriage and life in contemporary Paris.<br /><br />For those who plan to see the movie, read the book first!  It's a page turner that will keep you up at night.  My only criticism is the last 20 or so pages that seemed to add little to the story.
3401023489|5.0|I am a HUGE Giaman fan. I dream of him calling me up and saying, \\"I have decided to choose a new struggling author as my next writing companion, would you like to write a novel with me?\\" Oh yeah! I am all over learning at the feet of a master! Fun book, not my favorite Neil book, but still a terrific book! I'll be adding it to my collection! Thanks...again, Neil!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|In the The Hunger Games, the protagonist finds a way to mock the system while being forced to comply with the system. Isn't that what we all want to do?
0486284735|5.0|Adopted the thrift edition of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice to reduce the textbook expenses for a college-level literature class. No, the book isn't like the movie and doesn't have a fancy cover, but the book is genuine Austen whose text is rich in Regency romance in an affordable format.
B000055Y0Y|5.0|Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.
0439023521|5.0|I'm a teacher in a school of 125 7-12th grade students (12 to 18 year olds). Each day after lunch everyone on our campus settles down to read for 25 minutes. From the office and janitorial staff to the teachers and students, everyone reads.  It's a HUGE deal in my small school.<br /><br />When I had the 7th graders last year, I brought in The Hunger Games/Catching Fire/Mockingjay for some of my more advanced readers, young men really interested in good books to devour. (There's no shortage of wonderful \\"girl\\" books but excellent teen books that appeal to young men, too, are far rarer.) Almost immediately, the trilogy caught my students' attention. The lucky first readers ratcheted through the books just before interest EXPLODED through the whole 7th grade. Shortly after the first kids finished the books, I had to institute sign-up sheets to put order to the demand for reading access.<br /><br />As a group, the students requested to be in my Reading section again this year. Their petition was granted and today I saw them for Reading for the first time. As they filed in, I could hear a little bickering going on within the group. I listened in and realized they were reviewing the lists we'd made last June with an eye toward trying to remember who was next for each of the books.<br /><br />I don't know of any book or set of books that have so fired my students' imaginations in all the years I've been teaching. I've got all levels of readers in this group, from those who are easily reading at college level to those who are struggling at a primary reading level. They all, however, want to read these books. On that basis alone, I can't possibly give enough praise or a high enough recommendation to these books.
B0034G4ORM|5.0|Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.
B002ZG976U|5.0|I watched this movie for the first time this summer on a long flight to Italy -- loved it from start to finish! I had to own it. I have already watched it twice since it arrived in the mail. Christina is superb!!
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.
B0012HCASA|4.0|While I immediately knew a couple of things about a couple of characters, I was really drawn in to the cast and the plot line. I hope there will be some cameo appearances. Really intriguing pilot. Not too heavy on the apocalyptic aspect but still a prevalent area of the plot.
B001FB55I0|5.0|Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.
0788859544|5.0|After seeing the live performance of \\"The Little Mermaid\\" with my 5 year old granddaughter it was all she could talk about.  The DVD was a must have. I was glad I could extend her memory of the evening.  Now she wants to be Ariel for Halloween.
B000005HLV|5.0|I don't really listen to Mayhem too much anymore. I find that their more recent work is pretentious and boring. (With the exception of Ordo Ad Chao)<br /><br />However, this album is Mayhem in their prime. I will not go into the history involved with the band and CD at that point in time. I am here to review the music, not who deserved to be murdered and whatnot.<br /><br />Euronymous would never play better guitar as he did here. To say his playing is awesome would not be enough. It's near perfect to me. Not perfect as in \\"without flaws\\" but perfect as in getting the atmosphere he wanted down perfectly. His riffs reek of coldness and evil. His most memorable riffs to me are the intro to Funeral Fog, the main riffs to Pagan Fears and Freezing Moon and the title track. If you're looking for technique or drawn-out solos then look elsewhere. Euronymous was far from a virtuoso but he played with a certain style and a sort of morbid energy that has not been heard elsewhere. There are not many solos to be found either, only in two of the eight tracks. *There is an amazing one in Freezing Moon*<br /><br />Bass was played by the widely infamous Varg Vikernes of Burzum. We all know what went down between him and Euronymous so I will not go into that. With that said, his bass playing is wonderful and definitely provides the backbone needed to support Euronymous' guitar playing. People complain of not being able to hear it when I hear it just fine. In fact, I hear it very easily. Varg's bass playing stands out in tracks like Pagan Fears, Freezing Moon and Buried By Time and Dust.<br /><br />The drums are played by least infamous member of the band, Hellhammer. He would reach newer heights with his ability in the future. Here he is more like a rabid machine more so than an actual human being. His drums here are not very diverse but they are very necessary and quite frankly the songs would only be half of what they are without them. He frantically pounds the living crap out of his drumset in every song. He lets up a tad on Freezing Moon and it is there where you hear some his best drum fills. His drums are very good, but he'd get even better.<br /><br />And last, the infamous vocals by the one and only Attila Csihar and for a lot of people; he is the breaking point of this album. He is what makes most people like or hate this record. For me, he made this record just as much as Euronymous, Varg and Hellhammer did. They all played their equal parts. Attila has some of the most ghoulish and frightening Black Metal vocals I've heard. He really just makes the songs his own *Although I love Dead too, but I don't compare them. It's like comparing Milk to Whiskey* and he has some very Dracula-esqe sounding clean vocals on the title track.<br /><br />There is not one bad song on here to me, I can listen to any of them and enjoy them as much as I did when I first heard this classic. This, along with Live In Leipzig, are what introduced me to Black Metal and I will forever hold them near the top of my \\"Classics\\" list.
B0055SWM08|4.0|The levels are a bit samey after a while.  Also, I finished all the levels in about 3-4 hours of play.  Still, fun for $1.
0553212478|5.0|Book arrived as promised. It was in good condition. Pleased with seller and process. I have been happy with the books I have purchased through Amazon. Most of the time, they are used books and have yet to be disappointed at the quality of the book when it arrives.
B000F9RB9Y|4.0|The Terminator. Not much more needs to be said nearly 30 years after Arnold told us he'd be back. His merciless cyborg stalks and glowers his way to near perfection throughout this movie. I can't think of another truly evil character this iconic that has held our attention and filled us with dread for that long. Even Vader has some redemption in the end. The Terminator just, well...terminates people. And we love him for it. Do what I did and treat yourself to a great piece of 1980's film noir. The Blu-ray version's clarity and soundtrack is well worth every penny.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games is a great series. After the first chapter, I got into the book and I never wanted to put it down. When the fighting started, it was very suspenseful and I always wanted to know what was going to happen next. The book always has a twist you'd never expect which makes you want to keep reading untill you find out what actually happens.     I thought this book was great because of the suspense, but also occasionally there was some humor. For instance, one part Katnis ( the main character) had to drug her friend, \\"Peta\\" He was so clueless and by the time he found out he was knocked out. His reaction was, \\"These don't taste like sugar berries, they are too sweet..\\" (The berries were mashed up with a sleeping syrup).     The book also has some parts I don't like. As a guy, I don't like the love story type books, so I was trying to read through as fast as I could. The part where \\"Katnis\\", said,\\"After hours of coaxing, threatening, and yes kissing him......\\", I don't like those kind of stories, but it leads to other good parts of the story so its a \\"lose,win\\". The story ends at a point where you want to read the next part the next book, but its not easy to find it because this series is popular.     I would recommend this book to people who would like action/suspenseful stories with a twist and also if you like the series genre.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Christopher Nolan had already proven to me that he could direct visually stunning, character driven blockbusters with both Batman Begins and the Dark Knight. Then he has to go and raise the bar even higher with Inception. A new twist on the concept of a dream within a dream, this movie was a non-stop mindbender with incredible visual effects and a fantastic cast. If you enjoyed the first Matrix, The Thirteenth Floor, eXistenZ, etc...take a chance on Inception. You won't be disappointed.
B004XCUEU2|4.0|They say every autobiography that is written is at least slightly self serving to the author.  Now it seems that in film it is no different.  As a Foo Fighters fan I was happy to get an in depth look at the band from the beginning, and it was great to see interviews with all the current members along with many of their previous band mates.  The guys are all pretty funny not just Grohl and they are very candid as well which is nice.      To me the problem is that I don't think there was much of a story to tell.  As a band they never had to overcome huge obstacles, they were popular from the beginning, and at one point all they can complain about is just their lack of motivation.  Not that there weren't a few rough patches especially with the drummers but much of the drama seems inconsequential.  This movie is basically just hype for the release of Wasting Light their latest album.(which is great by the way)    Where this movie excels in its music selection.  There's understandably many Foo Fighter classics but also music from a surprising amount of other bands.  I like any movie with some Fugazi in the soundtrack.  Honestly this is an enjoyable and informative movie that's easily worth watching at least once.
B000J3OTTQ|5.0|This purchase was a gift for another person. The item was shipped in timely matter everything was great. I bought this for someone that doesn't like to make online purchases.
B003Y5H51K|5.0|This movie is so intense throughout.  I think we all could see the ending coming but the story along the way is just shocking.  My husband and I both cringed at some parts and it made us just aw at the design and effects.  I love this movie and highly recommend it!
B0057A6GA6|5.0|The design, layout and difficulty of this game has got me hooked to many hours. Don&apos;t know why I got to beat all the levels in hard or difficult mode but I just got to!
0817439390|5.0|Outstanding book, easy to read format with great photo's for examples of area's being discussed. Look forward learning from and reading more of Bryan's books!
B000YIGNKE|3.0|One wonders who was charged with casting the main characters of Jane Austen's charming story? Rupert Perry-Jones is excellent as the once-jilted suitor of the main character, Anne Elliot, but he is too handsome to be entirely credible as the jilted party, especially to the homely actress, Sally Hawkins, who plays Anne Elliot. Ms. Hawkins may be an accomplished actress, but casting her as the object of Rupert Perry-Jones affections is too far-fetched to take seriously.
B0000027I6|5.0|This is the work of a genius.  Lyrically, musically, conceptually...a genius at play with the backing of so many fine musicians. Aside from his Floyd work, this is a stand out/stand alone album.
B0038BBA4I|5.0|I didn't know I liked folk music before I listened to this, but they're my new favorite band. There are alot of good songs on the album, but my favorite is 'Dust Bowl Dance'.
B0030IIZ4M|5.0|I ordered this movie for my 11 month daughter she loves it! I play it when im cleaning or cooking distracts her everytime. great family movie!
030788743X|1.0|I don't want to spend a lot of time crafting a review for this book so I'll make it quick:    - The plot is unimaginative and often nonsensical.   - The dialogue is awful and cliche.  - the \\"geeky\\" references are ham-handed and ridiculous rather than cute; good cultural references should be subtle    The book just tries entirely too hard. It's written for people that scream and cheer when a band mentions their home town on stage. For anyone actually a part of the cultural groups this book attempts to pander to eye rolling will probably be the most common reaction.
B004EPYZPI|4.0|I read the book. The screen does it very well. I just wish camera men would not spin around the room, distracting. This is a keeper. I did not know Matthew McConnaughey (sic) was worthy of a good role. Amazon always does so well for me.
B005FWO3QK|5.0|The pending KULTUR DVD release has been unequivocally confirmed by Kultur as being a Region 1 coded, US-playable product. You should check to see that the Producer listed on the Product Page for the Barenboim Bayreuth Ring is Kultur, otherwise you risk receiving a DVD that is not playable on most US DVD players.
B001JNNDEW|5.0|Excellent Movie, but too bad when it arrived it had grease all over it.  Very disappointed in the grease covered product.
B003JSSPSY|5.0|I love this show sooooo much!!!! Everyone should watch it. I could watch each episode over and over again and love it every time.
0061537969|4.0|A coworker recommended The Art of Racing in the Rain as we're both dog owners. And that's exactly who this book is intended for.  Yet the general themes of the story can really appeal to anyone. The story is told from the perspective of Enzo, the dog of an aspiring race-car driver. Not NASCAR, mind you, but European style racing. If I could give you an exact name of the circuit, I would, but racing has never been my thing.    The story is really about Denny and the tragedies that befall his family, but thanks to the unique perspective there's always a funny and loving view of the events. Enzo harbors unconditional love for his master, and when Denny loses nearly everything he receives strength from his dog. It's pretty touching, and there are multiple tear-jerker moments.    The best thing a novel can do is elicit an emotional response from the reader, and The Art of Racing in the Rain does this incredibly well. It's a great book that will probably be appreciated more by dog-lovers or anyone who's owned a pet, yet I'd still recommend it to anyone else.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|This is one of my favorite shows ever!!! Great action and some nice romance too :P Comic relief is great!
B000P6YNSE|5.0|This product came in the mail in the guaranteed time, and came in the condition it was promised -- great! Thanks!
1451629184|1.0|I can understand the book written poorly, given that this is an individual recovering from a long isolation.  Therefore , my classification as a 1 star.<br /><br />However, what I can and will never understand is why Jaycee who has had her life stolen would thrust the same upon her minor children.  Knowing all these graphic details of numerous sexual encounters surely will have people judging the daughters of this horrible pervert.  They have their own lives to live, putting out these details is NOT protecting them, but perpetrating another tragedy upon the daughters who grew up calling Phillip \\" Daddy \\".  Jaycee must have been poorly advised and not considered the possible long-term effects of this book upon her daughters. I was troubled by the fact she does not give details of their captivity, but yet gives way too many details of how they were conceived.  Better for them if this was not public knowledge, for their future.  So they could heal without such negativity. A very unfortunate read and certainly not one I would advise for anybodies young children.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This was the first game I actually paid for, the reviews were spot-on and the game was just as perfect. It reminds me of those puzzles in the ice caves of the Pokemon games.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|I ordered the used one and received two, one new and one used. I was charged on my credit card for both. How do I return it?    Barbara Jackson  410-529-8339
B004X75RK4|5.0|I admit upfront that nothing Sandra could do would be un-watchable for me.  This particular performance is exactly why. She was radiant and real and just perfect. Casting Ryan Reynolds was brilliant.  The supporting cast, especially three well proven actors....<br />Craig T Nelson, Mary Steenburgen and the indefatigable Betty White just took their supporting roles and owned them.<br />I loved the scenery! Just everything about this was what a film should be. Very entertaining.<br />Please, Sandra Bullock too old. That is just ignorant. Way more than 5 stars. I will be taking this DVD out once or twice a year just like While You Were Sleeping and Speed and The Blind side.<br />Oh and thank you filmmakers for keeping it clean. The pickins are mighty slim these days for characters who speak without an expletive every other word.
B004EQAVHI|5.0|Very few movies leave me speechless but this one did.<br />(Spoilers ahead)....<br />Scientists clone humans, raise them in private schools and teach them from the time they're young that they are born to be human organ donors so the rest of us \\"real\\" humans can live longer.<br /><br />UUGH!!!<br />The plot alone is enough to make me sick.<br />I guess the one part in the film is near the end that made me the sickest was when both \\"donors\\" confront two of their \\"makers\\" and the \\"maker\\" says to them...not an exact quote but something to the effect of...\\"Tell people that they have to go back to cancer, disease etc and they'll simply say, no\\".<br />........<br />Excuse me????<br />Maybe I still have too much faith left in humanity but I'd rather \\"meet the maker\\" than have humans cloned and raised to be butchered so I can live a few extra years.<br />And I know the majority of humanity would also say a collective...no to such inhumane brutality.<br />Maybe I took the film a little too seriously.<br />I don't believe that humanity as a whole could ever be THAT desensitized to the point of allowing such a thing to occur.<br />The movie itself?<br />Brilliantly acted.<br />Perfectly directed.<br />Score, direction etc...was excellent.<br />A movie that will make you think.<br />....This movie really made me think of Dr. Mengele.<br />It's the same type of horror.<br />Sickening.<br />Science is capabable of so many wonderful things.<br />It's so sad that the same discipline is capable of so many horrors.<br />This movie is just as much a reflection of our past as it is a possible vision into our future.<br />Brilliant.<br />Disturbing.<br />Horrifying.<br />Sadly...recommended.
B001VPJYZK|5.0|I received Desperate Housewives: The Complete Fifth Season, as well as Sixth Season, and I have pre-ordered The Complete Seventh Season.  This was a special request from my oldest granddaughter, for her 23rd birthday, and she was elated to receive it.  In fact, this was her only request for a \\"real gift\\", so it made me very happy to fill that request.  Amazon has always been able to take care of special requests.  I am just sorry that this will be the final season (Season 8), if rumors are true.  If this is also one of your favorites, be sure to get your order in while it is still available.  Prices are good, shipping excellent.
B000BTC5LW|2.0|The show is great. The effects are amazing but David Gilmore sounds horrible in most songs. His delivery is boring and flat and seems like he is just going through the motions. I love his voice but this is a terrible performance by him in my opinion.
B004EQAVHI|5.0|*****Spoiler Alert***** Reveals plot.       I just found this gem, although it came out last year.       I don't intend to give a full scene by scene critique of the entire movie.  But I do need to speak of enough of it to give you an inkling of how and why I came to feel about this movie the way I do and maybe shine a sense on why it affected me the way it did, does, and why I can't stop looking at it over and over regardless of the way I know it is going to make me feel.  I will warn you that you watch this movie at your own risk.  It is rated R, but except for a few magazine pictures and very brief scenes of sexual content that some might find offensive, there is really nothing that should offend the senses in that respect.  I feel the rating is more for the emotions that it causes.  I certainly haven't anything affect me like this has but once before in my life.       The beginning of the movie made some general statements as to breakthroughs in medicine enabling the general lifespan to surpass 100 years.  We then go to an operating room where a woman begins talking about her being a carer and that she takes care of donors.  This then begins to make you wonder where this movie is going as you settle into watching a very British movie about children at a private school.  As the movie progressed, at one point it became apparent that the children were different in that they did not seem to have social skills beyond interacting with each other and the staff at the school.        Suffice it to say that at one point a new teacher arrives, who takes it upon herself to advise a group of 11 or 12 year olds that what they have been told but not told, if that makes any sense, is that their sole purpose in life will be to grow to adulthood and before reaching anything near to middle age begin to make organ donations so that others may live longer.  It then becomes apparent that these children have been cloned for the sole purpose of being donors.  That they will continue tomake periodic donations until their bodies can no longer sustain life, at which time they will be \\"completed.\\"  This teacher is soon fired.       The majority of the remainder of the movie shows these students (in particular, 2 girls and 1 boy), growing to adulthood, being sent to live in groups outside the many schools at which they were raised, upon turning 18, but still lacking in many social skills.  They do occasionally come into contact with others outside their groups, sometimes quite awkwardly.  This is not to say that they are not bright and articulate or do not have the same curiosities or urges as \\"normal people,\\" they have just not been taught to interact outside their groups socially, or to learn a profession, since their only purpose is to donate.  There are some who apply and become \\"carers\\" (helping others through the donations), but they all eventually become donors themselves.  Some form attachments for each other, fall in love, and seek ways to prolong their being able to stay together by obtaining a deferral (there are rumors of this being possible, which turn out to be false), from donation for a few years in order to be together.       In the end, all 3 have been separate from each other for 8 or 9 years or so.  One girl has become a carer and by accident meets the other girl, who has already made two donations.  They are then able to reunite with the boy, who also has made two donations.  Although the one girl who has begun donating and the boy at one time were together, it appears that it was the girl who is the carer and the boy who have always belonged together.  The girl admits that she had intentionally kept them apart because she was afraid of being alone.  The carer and the boy finally get together and decide to apply for a deferral.  She tells the other girl, who says she is happy for them.  The next scene (one that I have watched over and over), is that of the girl in an operating room making a donation, her third, and completing.  It is at this point that I really began to have problems with this movie.  Not with the movie itself, or the acting, or the way it looks.  I am very disturbed by the fact that a society would clone and raise living viable human beings to use as parts to prolong the lives of others.       It would be one thing to somehow produce organs, but living breathing thinking humans.  I know that this is only a movie, but to watch the way it is portrayed, to watch these young people calmly accept their fates and time after time going into an operation and donate knowing full well that at some point they will die, just makes no sense to me and saddens me to tears and gives me a feeling that I have difficulty breathing through.  To watch and listen as the one girls heart monitor escalates to a steady tone, to watch as they remove and bag some organ, to watch as they then turn off all of the machines and one by one everyone exits the operating room, leaving this beautiful young person lying alone on a gurney, thinking she has no family and wonder who will mourn her except possibly those who grew up with her and are soon to meet the same fate.  Truly, I can hardly see what I am writing, and my hands are shaking, too think that something like this would even be possible.  I do not think that I would care to live in a world with such values.       The carer and boy try to apply for a deferral and discover that none exist.  Here are the next two scenes that I watch over and over.  The boy finally goes in for a last donation, while she watches the operation through a window.  This is a return to the first scene of the movie.  The movie ends with her standing alone; looking over a landscape she refers to as her spot where she imagines where everything she has lost since her childhood has washed up.  She has received her notice of her first donation to occur soon.  She begins to think how it could have been, fantasizing about the boy coming back to her across the fields, and the scene fads out.       I went back and watched the scenes again, thinking everything would be okay.  Big mistake.  I don't think I have ever felt worse.       Watch at your own risk.  If you have watched this and weren't affected, there is more wrong with you than me.
B001DF68MA|5.0|This is a great, quality product.  The seat is NOT small as others have said.  If it were a bigger seat it would impossible to ride the bike.  My son loves it and it is definitely easy to install on to the bike.  Great item that I highly recommend if you want to take a child bike riding.
B0053Q9DHW|4.0|This version of Jane Eyre is quite good.  Michael Fassbender and Mia Wasikowska are perfect together!  However, this story can't be told in a mere 2 hours.  This movie would be excellent if there were more/extended scenes with Rochester and Jane.  The deleted scenes, part of the bonus material on this DVD, should all be in the film.  For instance, the veil scene and Rochester chasing after Jane need to be included as they would provide more depth to the story.  I will always love the Toby Stephens/Ruth Wilson version best, but this film is very moving.  Again this film is very good, but it is too short--release an extended/director's cut version.  Sign the petition for a director's cut on ipetitions.
0374530718|4.0|Overall, the physical book itself was in very good condition. Crisp, new, and nice. BUT, the words in the book itself, or the story, were incredibly boring. The actual philosiphies within the book which were not written by the author, only retold and summarized, were incredibly interesting. But the writing of the actual author, the \\"story\\" part of the book was, quite frankly, a waste of time.
0545265355|5.0|Love this series. I would recommend it to anyone that wants an eventful and quick read. I had a very hard time putting it down.
B005FWO3QK|5.0|This DVD set from Kultur will most definitely be a Region 1, and Region 1 only, DVD, in other words created specifically for US DVD players. Be careful when ordering since there is a Warner set (albeit out of print and extortionately priced) which will most likely NOT be playable on US DVD players.
B001AW156U|5.0|Another amazing product designed for the FPS crowd. I love these triggers so much I am buying another set for my second controller for when I have friends over. My only gripe is that they come off a little to easily, and quite a few times after I pulled my PS3 controllers out of my bag when going to a friends house, I had to search for the triggers because they fell off. Also when the controller fell from the table to the floor I had to move my entire entertainment center to get the trigger back. If you plan on keeping these triggers on indefinitely, (I haven't found a game yet they don't help with) then this problem can be fixed with a small dab of Epoxy or Super Glue. Haven't had any problems after that. But be warned, this might damage your original triggers if they are forcibly removed. I paired these triggers with the FPS Freek stick extenders, and don't know how I ever played without them! I would recommend this product for any genre, not just FPS fans.
0439023483|5.0|Enjoyed this book immensely and could not put it down. Would definitely encourage others to pick this book up. Read it!
B000KIPT30|5.0|This isn't big and fancy, but it does everything that it's supposed to at a great price! No need to ever go to the local retailers again when you can get great quality at awesome prices right here on Amazon!
B0055QYKQO|5.0|had to manually set my ram from 1333 to 1600, but it was fairly easy and I had never done it before.  didn't overclock anything else, at least not until I get some liquid cooling to go with the new am3+ bulldozer for xmas later this year.
B000AU9UYM|5.0|I have always been a fan of superhero movies, and \\"Batman Begins\\" is one of them. As with many individuals, I look for the best deals which offer top quality products for minimal cost. Amazon.com offers its customers high quality products for great price. \\"Batman Begins\\", the two-disc edition provides the viewer with a spectacular featured film, and also an enriching documentary concerning how the movie was made. I highly recommend this product.
0307346617|4.0|The zombie apocalypse idea has grabbed mass media by storm lately. Luckily Max Brooks has taken the initiative to look at this from a standpoint that goes beyond the \\"mmmmmmm brrraaaaaiiiinnnnsssss......\\" outlook of most zombie stories.   Multifaceted and uniquely conjured, World War Z is a compilation of interviews compiled after the zombie war, stories put together by a news interviewer speaking with those directly affected. Survivors, soldiers, ordinary people, millionaires, pharmaceutical company owners, and more all have a uniquely different story to tell, and Max brooks gets it.     A page burner for sure, I finished it in a few days, and It's already making the rounds through the office.
B004BJMEO6|5.0|best movie ever!!!love it...  i am definitely satisfied and happy that i have watched this one,shoutout for all the people behind this brilliant work...
030726999X|5.0|Not only is it a wonderful experience to read a good book that's well-written, it's an equally wonderful experience to feel that the author was in control of a huge story the entire time a series progressed -- letting the reader know only what the author wanted the reader to know at any given point. Such is the case with the three novels in the Stieg Larrson series: readers are in the hands of a writer who knew how to tell a fantastic story, not all at once, but in pieces. This, the final book in the trilogy, is excellent.<br /><br />I found the parts about how Lizbeth regains her health as riveting as I found the details about how the prosecution was planning its case. Likewise, I loved the parts about Mikael's sister and how she was planning the defense. Most of all I loved that this book brings the story to a full-circle ending, where the issues introduced in the first novel are resolved, the characters changed. Totally and Completely Satisfying!
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Being on a budget, I wondered if spending almost $200 on CD's was a good investment.  Considering that the only copies I had of their albums were recorded by my dad 20 years ago onto cassette tapes...um...yes!LOL  Wow, the stereo sound is amazing and the information inside each CD was great.  It led me to research more backstories online than I had previously known. I wasn't even alive when they were performing...but I've been a fan since I was a little girl.  Because of this set, they almost always are playing and now my own teenagers are fans! So glad to have created another generation of Beatles fanatics!
0446402389|3.0|At first I found this book riveting. I enjoyed being (vicariously) in another place, another time. I enjoyed the danger, the thrill, the problem, the hero's quest. But then the novel slowed down, and, worse yet, became totally improbable. I wish authors of thrillers would do their utmost to make their endings plausible. Instead they seem to go for anything that's over-the-top, without regard to plausibility.
1439153663|5.0|Just finished this book today and it had me in such a trance that I forgot I was living in 2011 the entire time.  The visuals that the author create run like a full color movie in your head....I swear I felt the characters were here with me.  I will say, that the first 25 pages or so went by so slowly that I almost gave up the book.  It felt as though she had a vague idea of the story she wanted to tell, but wasn't experienced enough to put the whole thing together.  I could feel her confidence as a writer evolve as the pages went on though, and about 1/3 of the way through she seemed to really pull it all together and it just ran from there.      The author did confirm in her notes at the end, that in fact, she had started writing based on a single idea....which is the prologue.  So just fair warning that you may wonder if the book will have any substance or character development in the beginning...I assure you it most certainly does!  Stick with it, you're going to LOVE it!!
B0053Q9DHW|3.0|Jane Eyre is at the heart of the novel, it bears her name and it's read through her eyes. Although I was a fan of the fresh way this was filmed, the interesting filmography and such, I was not a fan of Rochester. For as much time as they spent developing so many other things in the film, they did not develop him. He was cold and empty and two dimensional. Unfortunate because I was looking forward to seeing such a creative and youthful approach to one my favorite books. The film focuses on Jane Eyre, she is very thoroughly developed and I could sympathize with Mia and her portrayal of Jane. But Rochester - if you don't know the story at all - would be nothing but a distant, strange man. It fits too closely into the overused realm of chick flicks - where the male part is developed only in relation to his love for the heroine. The real Rochester is so freaking complex and dark and sadistic. A man desperately yearning for salvation and mourning each day that lags on in his empty life without it. I have a hard time believing anybody who knows nothing of the Jane plot would understand and love this Rochester. If they do, it would be a shallow sympathy because the only thing we know about him at all is how desperately he's in love with Jane. And no real person's life and desires can be summed up in their affection for another.
B000G759LW|5.0|Excellent cd,,,am very happy with all the cds  that i purchase from your site....i look forward to purchasing more, and i like the way that Amazon alerts you when new cds come available
B002SRQ214|5.0|This is definitely the best procesor that I have ever bougth, I can tell that I use a lot of things, like video converters, watch movies, burn CD's hear music, browse the internet, all at the same time and the percentage never gets to 100% top 70%, so I'm very happy with my CPU.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I have watched this book go from 25 reviews to 161 reviews since it has came out, and I read it a while ago but just can't get over how good it was, and how it deserves a review. This book captured me from page one, I read a lot of books but this one had just the right amount of everything in it! I tried to save this book within a couple days and I could just not do it, I finished it in one sitting. I loved Travis and Pidge together, once you bring out a man with muscles, tattoos,charm, and a soft side there is no way this story could go wrong. This author has amazing talent, and I am a fan of her other books as well. I can't wait to hear more of what this author has to capture us with. This is definately one I will read again and again.
B004EPYZP8|5.0|Matthew makes a wonderful lawyer and quite surprising I realy enjoyed the movie. He really does make the show and the cast helped also as fine acting on their behalf. The story line is interesting and anyone who hasn't seen the movie it's a must. It's unusal and entertaining after the first 15 minutes, so tolerate that bit but after that it's a first class movie. The punchline is a marvel and If I say to much it will spoil the show which I don't want to do and ruin it for you, Worth buying and watching  Robyn
B004LWZW2E|1.0|What a waste of money.  Actually went to the theater to see this....  the audience spent more time laughing than jumping.  Horrible, horrible, horrible....  cheesy \\"scary dude with the red face\\"....  what a sad waste of time and money.
B0021TVYVC|5.0|This is Black Sabbath!!!  I love it. Every song is perfect!!! Bible Black is my favorite!  the DVD is just chat, but it is nice to have.
B004GUSG4M|3.0|Marilyn Stasio and I aren't on the same page about this one. As you may know, she writes the \\"Crime\\" reviews in the weekly New York Times Book Review, and she featured this book not long ago as a stellar example of skill in building suspense. Perhaps there's a gender difference at work here. At any rate, this novel taxed my patience. (Full disclosure: Ms. Stasio was not the only critic who loved this novel. Many others hailed it as a sure-fire blockbuster. Go figure.)<br /><br />Before I Go to Sleep, the debut novel of a long-time employee of the British National Health Service, tells the story of a one-time novelist named Christine with a rare case of amnesia that means she wakes up every day completely clueless about the last two decades of her life. Her husband, Ben, has to explain to her who she is, where she is, and why. Only when a therapist persuades her to keep a secret journal and read it every day does she begin to accumulate understanding of her situation and how she got into this fix.<br /><br />As my grandmother would have said, \\"A likely story!\\"<br /><br />However, this is a thriller, and it ends with the sort of twists and turns that are the familiar fodder of suspense novels. If you've got patience, and you don't know too much about amnesia, you might enjoy it.<br /><br />(From [...]
B003Y5H51K|3.0|Set in Papua New Guinea, Sanctum (2011) is a film about the struggle to survive in an elaborate system of underground tunnels.  It begins with a wide scope, focusing on a group of scientists exploring a huge cave, and then narrows down to center on a small group of survivors who become trapped underground.<br /><br />With James Cameron as executive producer, Sanctum has some nicely done underwater sequences, and some cinematic views of nature.  Unlike recent films like The Descent (2005) or The Cave (2005), Sanctum does not feature a threat from some kind of vicious creature.  Instead the danger comes mostly from natural causes.  While Sanctum scores some points in the technical departments, it doesn't exactly break a lot of new ground, and is also weak in character development, dialog, and realism.  The film tries hard, but doesn't quite succeed in telling a story that connects emotionally with the audience.<br /><br />Expert cave diver Frank McGuire (Richard Roxburgh) is the leader of an expedition exploring a huge subterranean cave, which consists of a system of tunnels, with several sections that are flooded with water.  With bad weather on the way, the team is hurrying to complete their work, before the rains come.  McGuire's son Josh (Rhys Wakefield), has just arrived back at camp with Carl Hurley (Ioan Gruffudd), the man bankrolling the expedition, and Victoria Elaine (Alice Parkinson) his girlfriend.<br /><br />Incredibly, those at ground level loose communication with the team below, and are unable to warn them that a huge storm has suddenly arrived, and heavy rains soon begin to flood the cave.  Josh doesn't have the best relationship with his father, and they have an argument after a diver accidentally dies.  Josh is on his way out of the cave, but returns to make an unsuccessful attempt to get his father and others on the lower level out, before they are trapped.  Instead, Josh finds himself among those imprisoned, with the route to the surface blocked by water.<br /><br />Frank immediately takes control of the situation, euthanizing a friend who is gravely injured.  Although he has no solid information about the weather conditions, McGuire feels that the group must continue to descend to avoid being drowned, and somehow find a path to the sea.  The survivors include Josh, Carl, Victoria, and Crazy George (Dan Wyllie), a long time member of McGuire's crew who has been banned from diving for health reasons.  Although she has no diving experience, Victoria manages to make it through a tight squeeze in an underwater cave, as the group emerges in an unexplored underground cavern.  As Frank continues to push forward, constantly barking orders like a drill sergeant, conditions soon begin to worsen.<br /><br />Once the explorers are trapped, no attention whatsoever is given to anyone outside of the cave, until the very end of the film.  While the survivors may be on their own, and a rescue attempt might be futile, totally ignoring those above seems odd.  There is a brief interlude when the survivors can see the sky, as they explore the remains of a tank from World War II, but they choose to reenter the caves and continue on an underground path.  You have to cut filmmakers some slack for any film set in a cave, as the lighting is almost never realistic.  Even so, Sanctum lacks realism in many other ways.  Swimming in chilly water, the survivors should all be freezing, but only Victoria is shivering.  These people are constantly wet, yet again, only Victoria shows any signs of being cold.  There's a lot of skin exposed, but the group remains injury and scrape free, except for a small mark of Josh's arm.  In general, the geography is pretty whacked, as the group conveniently finds an unlikely path to the sea.<br /><br />Besides a tale of survival, Sanctum is also about the evolution of Frank and Josh's relationship in a crisis.  The situation is rather clich&eacute;d, as Frank's passion for exploring caves has cost him his family.  The explorer comes across as such an arrogant dislikeable bastard, as Josh and the rest, discover just how hard survival can be.  Enduring the physical hardships involved in making the film, the acting performances by the mostly Australian cast are generally good, probably doing justice to the implausible script.  Rhys Wakefield is a young actor with a lot of potential and good screen presence.  Alice Parkinson is a stunning beauty, who is put through some tough physical trials, and hopefully will be seen much more in the future.  Ioan Gruffudd, known for playing Reed Richards, isn't quite as noble here.<br /><br />Coming into the project, director Alister Grierson did not have a lot of feature film experience, but he meets the challenge fairly well, delivering an entertaining, but flawed action/adventure that feels like a slightly manipulated ride.  With a little more thought and effort, Sanctum clearly could have achieved much more, but various plot issues keep the film from having more impact.uch an arrogant dislikeable bastard, as Josh and the rest, discover just how hard survival can be.  Enduring the physical hardships involved in making the film, the acting performances by the mostly Australian cast are generally good, probably doing justice to the implausible script.  Rhys Wakefield is a young actor with a lot of potential and good screen presence.  Alice Parkinson is a stunning beauty, who is put through some tough physical trials, and hopefully will be seen much more in the future.  Ioan Gruffudd, known for playing Reed Richards, isn't quite as noble here.                Coming into the project, director Alister Grierson did not have a lot of feature film experience, but he meets the challenge fairly well, delivering an entertaining, but flawed action/adventure that feels like a slightly manipulated ride.  With a little more thought and effort, Sanctum clearly could have achieved much more, but various plot issues keep the film from having more impact.
B002ODEJYE|2.0|I was expecting a crystal clear, high resolution recording on Blu Ray, like all the other live concerts I have purchased which make you feel like you're in the front row of the audience.  Instead, the producers of this recording wanted you to feel like you were watching a drive-in movie on a snowy night through a frosty windshield while your car was moving.  Pink's performance was exceptional, but why would anyone record it using modern high definition cameras and microphones, only to screw it up in editing and production?  Grainy images, out of focus lens, and lighting halos are irritating.
B0057A6GA6|3.0|This game is very similar to all of the tower defense games you&apos;ve played before just with a zombie flavor.  I find it very vanilla....
B0012CH350|5.0|I love this cover. It looks just like the picture on my kettle. It is very durable and fits perfectly by my standards. I would recommend this product.. :)    SW
B004GYY714|2.0|not able to stream favorite station after last update.  Is there anyway to reverse update? app worked great before update
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Doesnt work on my droid but works fine on my Iconia. Graphics look like they should be on the phone however LoDef and i dont think this one ever gets updates.
B003ZHR6RK|4.0|is a pretty good adult movie.Several sexual/homosexual talking etc scenes that are not for mixed company xcept married.  I KNOW THE Scenes are real life stuff, but do not subject kids, adolescents to it. other than that it was a good movie.  The seller did a good job with quality and shipping.
B0006PV5US|4.0|Ravels' Bolero has been my favorite piece of music for over 50 years and the spaghetti measurer is a godsend to me.  At least now I can measure my portions.
B001BPJJ1E|5.0|This movie is a tender, poignant, and uplifting love story involving two kids who fall in love and want to get married. The music accompanying the film is by the Bee Gees and it's excellent. I also bought the CD.
B0056NYMXC|5.0|Kelly Rowland certainly displays her vocal growth, maturity and confidence with this album. Down to the album artwork, she lets you know that she is here. With the right promotion, I can see her rising to the top with this work!
B004BLJQOK|3.0|Remember Gus van Sant's 1998 attempt to remake Psycho by filming a scene-by-scene reconstruction?  Let Me In is as misbegotten.  As yet another fan of the Swedish original, I was honestly prepared to like this version.  When done correctly, with imagination, a remake can be an entertaining opportunity to explore variations in character and presentation.  Unfortunately, though beautifully photographed and well acted, this production is, for those who have seen Let The Right One In, flat and disappointing.  Much of the appeal of LTROI was from the unusual setting.  Watching it, you could feel the chill of the outdoors scenes in the soles of your feet and the tip of your nose.  In this version, the snow just looks like what it is: plastic.  Chloe Moretz, as she proved in Kick Ass (another problematic film in which she was the standout performer), is a gifted and appealing actor, but does not have the eerie and haunting qualities of Lina Leandersson. She has now delivered one exceptional and one at least commendable performance in two otherwise weak vehicles.  I think what sealed my opinion was the end credits: \\"Directed and written for the screen by Matt Reeves.\\"  It seems specious to claim such credit when you are, with very few exceptions, slavishly copying the scenes and set pieces of another movie.  If you have not seen Let The Right One In, find subtitles off-putting or European cinema more of an exercise than entertainment, by all means watch this version.  In and of itself, it is a unique story.  I wish that I could have viewed Let Me In without the bias of having seen the original. Perhaps it would then indeed seem the horror classic the sound bite reviews on the cover claim it to be.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Absolutely the best money ever spent. If I could give this 10 stars I would.  Love every track. It's music at it's finest. Pure and refined.
0441013597|5.0|Does it get much better than this? I think not. Many have tried and many have failed. This has and will stand the test of time.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|Prompt delivery.  Product met my expectations. Very pleased with photographic results. Flash unit was fairly priced and was less expensive than any local dealer.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|I went into this with very high expectations. I was underestimating what they would do with it! Awesome production. This one's a keeper.
0439023521|5.0|im completly in awe of the beautiful text, amazing cast,creative plot, and greusome battles. even the romance (which i find a bit too sappy for my case)is amazingly written. the playwritten text i could take or leave...     i stayed up till three in the morning to finish this book in one day on my new kindle. im so inthusiastic about this book im telling people about it.    cant wait to read the second.
B0002IQMKM|5.0|If you are not sure where to start with the Talking Heads I would highly recommend this. It covers so much of their greatness!
0143116371|1.0|if you're looking for any bits of fresh inspiration, keep looking.  about as fashion-adventurous as an Urban Outfitters catalog (if you're lucky).  you'll notice the Sartorialist has a very constrictive view of what he deems worthy of inclusion and it becomes wholly repetitive by page 5.  Almost a parody of itself as already its touchstones have been done to death in fashion mags, catalogs, and on the streets.
B000OY8NII|5.0|Have loved this show from the moment I saw it and it just gets better and better. What's more to say?
055357342X|5.0|My favorite of the books so far. xxooo! It was such a fun read. I really like the television show too Mr. Martin. Thank you.
0307473708|5.0|Been a long time since I've loved someone that I know is sooooo bad! Wasn't able to get into the series but now that I've read some of the books I will definitely be going back to watch them since I fell I understand the character better.
B0058VW36U|1.0|great game but bad lack of customer service for the Android platform. wish people would stop downloading until they commit to giving android users the same levels as ios, (ios is gonna be getting a new level soon while android users are now two stages behind) once they can commit to good Android service then ill change my review
B0042FV0AI|4.0|My son likes connect four best, he is only 5 so I am sure he will start enjoying this as he gets older. We only played with 2 players, would be more fun with 4.
B00506NRBS|5.0|I used to have a company almost as large as CDbaby and I had to let it go. This book distilles experience of founding, creating and letting go the company in a one hour reading experience. Certain passages brought tears to my eyes simply because I completely understood the feelings Derek described.    If you decide to buy this book, it will be probably one of the cheapest business lessons you have ever received, and yet it might show you or save you years or fortunes.
B00005JKNC|4.0|This film, by the same director who produced \\"The Shawshank Redemption\\" and \\"The Green Mile\\", is one that I don't expect will be truly understood by the average viewer in this day and age.  What is actually being said here is that America as we know it today no longer resembles anything of the past. A lost memory, a lost direction and a lost purpose. As if everyone alive today has a form of amnesia of what it was like to be an \\"American\\", where trust and a sense of real humanity, of caring individuals in a small town America concerned not with money and ambition but rather a sense of family are reflected in the experiences of Jim Carrey as he re-creates \\"Random Harvest\\".  The only inaccurate historical aspect is the complete lack of \\"religion\\" in any of the characters and not a church or pastor/priest to be seen anywhere. I believe this was intentional on behalf of the director because he probably realized that any viewer seeing this film about the past in modern times would not believe how religious some people were or how much influence local religious communities had in small towns such as Lawson, California circa 1951.  There IS a sense of patriotism and the period was wisely chosen, reflecting the \\"Red Scare\\" era of insanity just post WW 2.  This movie is well done. It will test the patience of a modern audience because like the time period that it covers, things moved a lot slower. There is a plot and character development, which takes time to give for an adequate revelation of facts. It is well written, lacking any sexual inuendo, there is no character cursing up the screen and no explosions and car chases. It is easy on the eye, artistically filmed and has a certain \\"magic\\" about it in the same vein as \\"The Wizard of Oz\\" that only hollywood can produce.  It is in fact, one of the better films out there. I was surprized at Jim Carrey playing a serious role. He is very good in this film! Take your time, observe everything you see and you will come to understand just how much has been lost.
B00000JQFM|5.0|One of the best GUITAR Albums ever . This is still one of Joe's best . A must own for any Guitar Music listener
1451629184|5.0|I had followed the Jaycee Dugard story since the day she was found in 2009, and I cried heavily because I remembered the day she disappeared over 18 years ago!  I was almost afraid to read her story for fear that the 'inevitable' context would haunt me forever.  But it wasn't like that....Jaycee has such an amazing outlook on life (then and now) that she actually helps you (the reader) get through even the most disturbing parts of her unbelievable 18 year ordeal.  Read it, and you'll know what I mean!   P.S. I want to 'thank' Amazon for having this book available to me when 'all' retail stores were sold out!
B004V5QWU2|5.0|So worth $1.50! Love option 2combine sounds. Can create sounds I heard at night when I lived near yhe banks of the Chattahoochee.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|I loved that this Jane Austen movie was made into a remake with Gwyneth Paltrow as the lead emma.Also,Jeremy Northam was great as Knightley,the man she loved and sometimes was confused by her feelings of jealousy about him and her best friend Harriett who'm she was trying to match unsuccessfully two or three times,the third time biting her in the butt when it was her friend Harriett, who misunderstood knightley's kindness for love and matched her self to him.That's when Emma found her real feelings for Knightley rising to the surface,inciting jealousy and then love.What a great pair they would make in modern day,although Jane Austen wrote this long before this viewer was born.Aw,her writing was timeless and has lasted throughout the ages,spawning morden remakes like this delightful version of Emma.Well done in casting Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam,as well as the rest of the grand great cast.
B004SRWW0C|3.0|had this on my eris, but when i got the droid3 there was no need for this app, it already has files installed as an application on this phone
B004VD3YIM|4.0|Works very well but only supports 1 way audio on FOSCAM cameras.   Would give 5 stars if it had this function.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|I played this game on ipad, so I bought this game for my Dell Streak. However, it CAN  NOT play on my Dell.  Waste money. Haizz
B000069HZP|5.0|The Game is one of the most intriguing movies ever made.  Never a dull minute, keeps you guessing all the way through. The ending (did not want it to end) is worth the wait!!
1451629184|5.0|It's so sad that a little girl had to endure so much pain and suffering all these years by the hand of a monster and his wife. I believe God saved her by making Phillip hear voices which led to her rescue and his arrest.   I hope her book will help others dealing with  sexual abuse.  She is a brave soul.
B0047Y17P2|5.0|Michael Connelly is among the best mystery writers, this book confirms it. He has a way of keeping you guessing until the end. The movie Lincoln Lawyer was based on the book, and both are top choices!
B000GUJZ4G|5.0|I initially selected dvd for this movie, then later, found a VHS tape for less money, so ordered that.  I thought I had deleted the dvd from my cart, but it was shipped anyway.  I returned it and received a credit on my VISA account.  So, not having viewed the DVD disc, as I did not open the package and returned it, I cannot attest to the quality of it.
B003ZK58WM|2.0|The book is too long and convoluted. If this is the first of a trilogy, I will not be reading the rest.  Follett is one of my favorites, but he missed his mark in this one!
B0030IIZ4M|5.0|I first watched the \\"Toy Story\\" about four months ago. I enjoyed it so much I went out and bought all them of the \\"Toy Story movies\\".
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This &quot;game&quot; has given me many hours of fun!  I say game, but it&apos;s much more than that, it&apos;s also a good mental workout.  I&apos;m a programmer and games like these keep my brain sharp.  For me the first 3 levels were a really easy, but when you get to 4 things pick up a notch.  The earlier levels are more about showing you how to use the items than about a challenge.  So don&apos;t assume the whole game is that easy.   I really like the additional unique items that are added as you continue up in levels, it keeps the game fresh.  Definitely worth a buck!
B001HZ9ABM|5.0|I had Odessa by the Bee Gees in the vinal. But for years I had been unable to find it in on a CD. I really like the Bee Gees, and I think this is their best record/CD of all.
B0011HOEY4|4.0|Not exactly a typical Gangster movie with Ennio MOrricone or Robert Nero. It shows crime in the light of Race relations and also how blood money can actually blur the race boundary when greedy police kill whoever is in the way of cash flow.  Denzel gave a very solid performance.  Not a masterpiece, but as a Hollywood movie, it did its job.  Don't expect any insight though.
B000B8QG4A|5.0|This is a really cute movie. I bought it so that my grandchildren and I can watch a nice movie together.
B003Y5H5FG|4.0|Saw this last night in the theater. Don't let the fact that it's a remake scare you into not watching it (as most remakes are infamously horrid). Overall I found the movie entertaining and fun to watch. I LOVED the original Fright Night and it's sequel but it is so dated now it's hard to watch without cringing at the cheesy '80s hairdos, clothing, and lack of technology. I loved this new version because it poked fun at everything we take for granted today, everything that is silly about our society, and even gets in a few digs at the original movie with some well-placed tongue-in-cheek lines from the original.     The story line is different from the original but I liked the changes a lot. Colin Farrell makes a good, and pretty sexy, vamp! He plays the role of Jerry well and is very creepy. I don't like the fact that the writers kept the whole \\"face-morphs-into-a-demon\\" thingie, though. It's just weird and not very original (and definitely not sexy). Also, there wasn't as much romance in the film as there was in the original. In the original, the Amy character is the spitting image of Jerry's long-lost love so when he goes after her the story kind of makes more sense. In the new version Amy is all about Charlie. There's no portrait of her previous incarnation in Jerry's house and Jerry just goes after her to increase his \\"tribe.\\"     From the trailer one got the sense that Jerry was really out to get Charlie in some way but the whole destruction of Charlie's life seems to be more incidental in the new film, like it could have been any high-school kid Jerry chose to pick on.     I have to say, I LOVED the new Peter Vincent! 1. Hot, with and without the \\"Vincent persona.\\" 2. Not an old fogey like in the original (sorry Roddy McDowall). 3. Still makes the same change from coward to courageous as in the old version. Sigh. And tight leather pants do help! Mmm. The writers also gave Peter more of a reason to be a vampire hunter in this film but you almost don't connect him with the opening scene until the very end. The connection could have been made earlier. Also, no explanation as to why Jerry didn't kill Peter when Peter was younger. Weird.    I liked the actor chosen to play Charlie's buddy Ed/Evil but you don't really get to see him too much in this version of the story. The friends' back-story is fuller than in the original movie though and you really get a feeling that Ed wants revenge on Charlie for slighting him.    Special effects: Ok. Nothing spectacular except the fangs which, when not mega-demony looked exactly how I picture vampire fangs to be, sharp as all hell and retractable but not ginormous, kinda catlike. I did not see this in 3-D so take that into account.    Some silly continuity problems that made me go duh! 1. Midway through the film Charlie learns that these kinds of vampires make their nests underground, yet when he busts into Jerry's house for the final showdown, Charlie wastes all this time checking out the top two floors of the house before going down to the basement.... Burning that kind of daylight when you're hunting a vamp is kinda stupid. 2. Closer to the beginning of the film, Ed/Evil is being chased by Jerry and he decides to run UPSTAIRS to escape... sigh. When the heck are movie-writers going to stop using this daft \\"go-upstairs-to-get-away-from-the-bad-guy\\" routine. You would think the escapee would want to remain on the ground floor! Gah! And, Ed falls into a pool (a pool) and is cornered there by Jerry. Don't get me wrong, it makes for a pretty cool underwater bite scene, but you can't get out of a pool and run? God! It's not quicksand!    Car-chase scene: kinda lame. I think it would have been better in 3-D. In the original, Jerry could fly, so why the heck do they have him chasing Charlie and friends in a truck this time?     I do love how they made Jerry just randomly go around biting all of Charlie's friends though. He doesn't even bother to cover up some of his kills. His inhumanity rally gives him the jollies and makes his character much more slick and vampire-like. He acts like a true predator. The Jerry in the original film was more cautious and had a Renfield-like buddy to help him out during the day. I'm not sure why this helper character was done away with in this film but I think it was a pretty good choice. He always seemed extraneous in the original.    So, not the best vampire film ever made but highly entertaining and worth going to see in the theater. I'm hoping they make a sequel like they did with the original. That was a very sexy film and has a lot of potential as a remake.
B0001I561E|4.0|This is a good movie. I just don't enjoy it as much as many of the other children's movies that I own.
B004FOA84A|3.0|I was having a grand time with my son when we turned those pesky wheels and WHAT the f......It&apos;s OVER!!!!!!?????  What a way too brief gyp for 2 bucks!
B004VMUS9G|1.0|Personally, I don't want to remove the battery to turn off my alarm. But that's just me. One of the only Amazon apps that hasn't performed.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This game is absolutely addictive. It puts Angry Birds to shame! I have beaten it twice and now am playing it for a 3rd time...no joke...I can&apos;t put it down!
B0053Q9DHW|4.0|i have seen almost every version.  i love jane eyre.  they were wonderful acting but the story fell short.  too many gaping holes, i didn't like how they were jumping back & forth-  distracting and left a lot out.  almost seems like it was rushed thru in taping.  it left you wanting more.  if they had put it on 2discs i think it would not have been so crammed in and gotten more of the story.   i was so excited to see this and was dissappointed in some aspects.
B004BLJQOK|3.0|Seeing Let the Right One In two weeks before Let Me In makes for an interesting comparison. The original film, Let the Right One In, was an adaptation of a book that had complicated, uncomfortable themes that made it a challenge to adapt to the big screen.  This gave the Swedish film some rough edges: a prelude to a retrospective montage that never happened, Eli's androgyny, and the potentially unpleasant relationship between Eli and her \\"ghoul\\" (to use a Vampire RPG term).<br /><br />The androgynous nature of Eli changes her interactions with Oskar.  The mysterious relationship between Eli and her guardian let the viewer come to his or her own conclusions. Although Let the Right One In wasn't perfect, its flaws made it a better film. Let Me In smoothes over all these rough edges, for better or worse.<br /><br />The beautiful and deadly Chloe Grace Moretz (excellent as Hit Girl in Kick-Ass and equally breathtaking here) is Abby, an unearthly little girl who doesn't seem bothered by the cold, loves puzzles, and whose appearance veers from pretty to bedraggled. She befriends outcast Owen (Kodi Smit-McPhee, just as vulnerable here as he was in The Road), who dreams of stabbing the bullies who harass him.<br /><br />The subtle but important difference between the two films pivots on what the bullies call Owen (Oskar in the original): \\"little pig.\\" In the American version, Owen is called a little girl.  The gender appellation shifts the movie's focus from two lonely souls finding each other across the gulf of death to two Romeo and Juliet-style prepubescent tweens discovering romance. This doesn't lessen the emotional impact of Let the Right One, but it does change the film's tone significantly.<br /><br />With the exception of the cat sequence, which is missing entirely from Let Me In, Let the Right One In has creepier special effects.  Whether it's Eli/Abby's eyes flashing like a cat, the wreck of Hakan/Thomas' (Richard Jenkins) acid-ravaged face, or Virginia's (Sasha Barrese) horrible conflagration, Let Me In's digital effects look subpar in comparison. For some reason, all of Abby's attacks are handled digitally, which makes them surreal.<br /><br />Even the ending, which is almost a frame-for-frame reproduction, lacks the gut punch of the original by ratcheting back the gore. Let Me In fixes many discrepancies in Let the Right One In, but in doing so seems to be embarrassed by its Swedish roots.  But if you've never seen the original, Let Me In is an excellent substitute.n, Let Me In's digital effects look subpar in comparison. For some reason, all of Abby's attacks are handled digitally, which makes them surreal.     Even the ending, which is almost a frame-for-frame reproduction, lacks the gut punch of the original by ratcheting back the gore. Let Me In fixes many discrepancies in Let the Right One In, but in doing so seems to be embarrassed by its Swedish roots.  But if you've never seen the original, Let Me In is an excellent substitute.
B000HZCZZ6|3.0|I haven't seen this movie since opening night.  I can tell you that it's not bad.  This is a movie for hard core Trekkies.  It's much better than the other odd # movies but that's not saying a lot.  I'd rate it #6 out of the 10.  I believe it's fair to say that this is a big budget TV movie.  I always expect them to do more w/the special effects.  This movie was the lightest of the ten except maybe 3 or 4.  The villain is OK which hurts the story.  Overall it's a 3.5 out of 5.  Would I see it a third time?  Not for a long time.  However, it's always good to see the Captain & the rest of the crew in action.
B00005V0X5|3.0|I've always had mixed feelings about the 80's Megadeth.  Overall I find the albums enjoyable, but as a whole I don't really find very many songs that I just love.  It feels like the songs are more conglomerations of ideas, many good ones, but no real effort to craft good songs.  Still the albums have been enjoyable as whole albums.  For some reason I find this to be the most enjoyable of the 3 80's albums.  I don't know if it's because of how short it is, or what.  It's hardly longer than Hidden Treasures.  Overall it's a good start to something great.  I'm sure everyone knows the story of this album's beginnings.  Dave was pissed off, is that unusual for him?  He was kicked out of Metallica, good thing he was too.  He formed Megadeth, which would become one of the best thrash metal bands.  Chosen ones is a faced paced, straight forward rocker.  I wish the song and the verses were longer, but it's my favorite song on here.    Looking down the cross starts off slower, but builds to be a faster song later.  Dave has some snarling vocals in the intro.  Skull beneath the skin also has a slower intro before bringing in a cool faster guitar riff, before yet another tempo change.  Probably a mid tempo song for this album.  The song progressively gets faster as it goes along.  These boots starts with a funky guitar intro that they use a variation of later in the song.  It erupts into a really fast paced thrasher.  Very fun.  Killing is my business starts off kind of upper mid tempo then gets much faster.  Metallica never played as fast as this song or These boots.  Last rites/loved to death starts with a weird piano intro that blends into some guitar licks before the heaviness comes in.  the piano was kind of a welcome change, just to vary the sound up a bit.  Then it becomes a really fast song.  This one doesn't really do much for me.  Ah then there's Mechanix.  Dave decided since he wrote Four Horsemen, for Metallica that since he wrote it he was still going to use the song.  And, boy did he.  This one's much faster than the Metallica counterpart.  I actually only recognize it because of the chorus vocals.  Otherwise it sounds pretty different.  The lyrics are different as well, what with it technically suppose to be a different song.  Rattlehead is another really fast song.  This one also doesn't really grab me, but oh well.  It's there none the less.  Overall if you like Megadeth this is a definite must own.  If you're new to the band I'd recommend Rust in peace, or Countdown to extinction.  But don't pass this one up.
B0055SWM08|3.0|doesn&apos;t count moves correctly..can keep attained level all ways resets to start. any one else hving this issue ..otherwise its very cool..
0143113100|5.0|I have found the book fascinating and useful to my project. Some of the material is over my head but for the most part I'm learning how the brain works and how it can change. I would recommend it for anyone interested in better understanding mind development and brain plasticity.
B0055EDCGU|2.0|You know Asendency and Shogun were great metal releases but this one doesn't even rank, I'm sorry to say.  I like this band and was hoping for a groundbreaker but it sound more like the newer, younger bands coming up (all fluff and tease). I'll give it a couple more try's and maybe it will grow on me...
B002L9N4DS|5.0|If you love Forrest like I do you will love it in Blu-ray. The scene where he is running in the Viet Nam jungle with the explosions in the backgroud are awsome. I really love this film
B00003CY0V|3.0|This is what passes for an ok American movie. I was a oppurtunity to expose Halle Berry naked and make some good oneliners. Technical government thriller flavored. You be the judge.
B0002EXH4A|3.0|I honestly don't know what to say about these early Megadeth albums. They seem like a jumbled mess of ideas, they never really worked on fine tuning. I'm guessing the drugs may have had something to do with that. I haven't heard the 04 remasters, but after hearing a few songs from the Peace sells 04 remix, I probably don't want to. So, I'll be reviewing the original version. I would love a true remaster of this album. I bet as long as they avoided the audio clipping bs that plagues albums now it's be awesome to hear these songs sound a little more full, but this is what we have to work with so on to my track reviews.   Set The World Afire, has a weird intro that erupts into a fast paced guitar riff, followed my... Well more riffing, before the song becomes more upper mid tempo. The verse leads into what could have been a cool chorus, but they never use it again, kind of disappointing to me. Then the song goes ultra fast for a while, can't really understand Dave at that point. It slows some before the solo, not much. The solo's decent. Really my only complaint about this song is that the part that could have been a chorus wasen't used that way, but I have that complaint about a few early Megadeth songs, and there's nothing that can be done now about it, so.. Still a decent opener.   Anarchy In The UK I can't help but think of Motley Crue when I hear this song, because that's the first version of this song I've heard. This one's fine. there's nothing really special, and it doesn't really feel like a Megadeth song, but it's ok.   Mary Jane Starts of kind of slow, more mid tempo actually. Then it progressivly gets faster. Overall there's no song structure, that I can find, so it's hard to get a good read on it, but it's still an enjoyable listen. Probably the most forgetable song on the album though.   502 This one's a little over the top. It's more straight forward. I like it fine, although I guess some really don't like it. Sure the lyrics are imature, but I've heardplenty worse, even from this band, crush em anyone.. At least it has some pretense of song structure.   In My Darkest Hour the hit from this album. I love the intro. It's another that has a part I thought could have been a good chorus, but oh well. Love the riff in the slower part. It starts out with acoustic guitars and electric playing together, before going into a mid tempo verse that lasts a while. Then the song erupts into a fast paced thrasher for the solo and the rest of the song.   Liar a more straight forward song, could have used a chorus, again. I say that especially for this song, because most of the others are more progressive and don't necessarily need a chorus, because they're constantly changing. I feel like I should read the lyrics to this one though. I never have, but a lot of people seem to enjoy them, and consider this an ultimate pissed off song. I think this song's also too short, especially the solo.   Hook In Mouth starts with a faster drum beat with Dave singing. This one could almost have been 2 songs,, the beginning and end kind of seem like one with the middle being another. There's an almost shout along part later, I guess the chorus, that's pretty cool.   My only other complaint is that there really aren't any must have songs on here, except for In My Darkest Hour, and Set The World Afire, and maybe Hook In Mouth. Overall despite my complaints I still enjoy this album. I really don't understand why people bash this album, I think critics more than fans. It's pretty much the same as Peace Sells or Killing Is My business. The lineup sounds great. The production is alright for its time. I would like a true remaster, but I doubt we'll ever get one. If you're a Megadeth fan, you're probably just reading this out of boredom, and already know this album. If not, then I do recommend it. If you're new to the band I'd suggest Countdown To Extinction, Peace Sells, or Rust In Peace, generally considered their best albums. Also Youthenasia is reallygood. Still recommend picking this up though.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|Very useful on phone and tablet. All files on my pc makes it easier to browse through them. Helps in finding and deleting unwanted files.
0385341008|5.0|This was a wonderful book, a wonderful story, it was filled with history, romance and humor.  I hope everyone ejoys it as much as I did
B00479SVBU|5.0|Bought this device for an extended road trip in my Porsche.  All other methods of hooking up an MP3 to my radio were VERY expensive.  For about $40.00 I have a device that for all practical purposes is indistinguishable from a CD.  I actually played the CD and went back and forth between the Soundfly and the CD to see if I could tell the difference (without motor running, etc.)  In my opinion, this is the real deal.  I've had other FM transmitters, this one is really the best I've ever had and looks nice too.  I don't bother with the remote, the buttons are reasonably intuitive and easy to access.
1451629184|5.0|This book was very touching.  I could not put it down.  Even though I knew how Jaycee story ends, reading all that she went through was scarey.  Jaycee has a lot of heart.  I don't think I could have been so brave.  This man and his wife took away Jaycee childhood and well as some of her adulthood.  That is just sad.  May him and his wife get what they deserve.  I am glad that Jaycee is free of him and is moving on with her life and the rest of her family.  The bond between Jaycee and her mother is what kept her strong.  God bless you Jaycee!!!
B004NJW96C|5.0|Moby sounds different than most modern day singers, because he is unique. He always has been unique. His music was played as a background theme in many upscale bars, restaurant, hotels and even movies. He produced hits that the entire world liked and yet they didn't know Moby. I was lucky this year to attend one of Moby's live concerts, which took place in Moscow. This was an unbelievable show, and I was glad it was in Russia, where there is a huge following of Moby's art. The stadium was full and Moby with his band presented some of the tracks from this album mixed with some of his older \\"classic\\" songs that turned the crowds on and eventually reached almost an ecstatic point. And yet, I saw Moby as a very human, sensitive, creative and personal poet, who was overwhelmed with the response from the audience to the point of tears.     As for the album, I find it to be just beautiful. It is a great album to play when you are at home alone, or hear it in your car on a long drive from city to city. Whatever the place may be, this album is another masterpiece of Moby's art that most likely will live for decades to come proving that modern music doesn't have to fit into any specific music genre, but be it's own beautiful genus.
B0057A6GA6|5.0|Probably one of my favorite phone game so far.  It is a great tower game with lots of levels.  I have been playing it pretty frequently for almost a month and still haven't beat all of the levels.  And there are four different difficulty settings to go back to play it again for more of a challenge.  they have also been adding more levels to play in their updates.  Overall this is a great game, I would recommend giving it a try for a couple of bucks, well worth it.
B003Y5H542|5.0|Very pleased with how fast this was received.  Sent this as a gift to our family back in the states and was received within days of being ordered.  Will most certainly do more gift giving this way in the future.
B001U0HBPG|5.0|awesome movie- great condition - great price!!!!arrived on time - honestly couldnt stop watching ans was disappointed when movie was over!! 5 stars and will order more!!!!!!!
B0051MKMNC|2.0|When I start this movie it launches into all of the previews, as it normally does.  However, It is completely locked so I cannot skip, fast forward, rewind, anything.  I have tried every button on my Sony BD player and the only ones that work are the stop, which starts all of the previews again and back which starts the individual preview again.  It is somewhat infuriating that this movie is completly locked down so you can not even speed through the previews.  The movie is ok I guess.
B004UHPTZ0|4.0|Awesome sound, strong beginning. But after the first song, this record just runs out of gas.. By the end of side two, it's nap-time.
B001MW0J2Y|5.0|John Frusciante is one of those rare artists that manages to evolve from album to album, explore new concepts and ideas, while still keeping a core recognizable sound and style. The Empyrean is a very introspective album that is based around the idea of intangible elements in the universe. This album is a concept album and manages to flow together from beginning to end. Frusciante is able to create many abstract textures and sounds that manifest themselves overtly and covertly throughout all of the tracks. Frusciante is able to relay his feelings to the listener, not through lyrics but through the soundscapes he expertly creates on each track.  The result is a consciousness challenging, thought provoking, psychedelic head trip in the span of 54 minutes. Frusciante is at his best here, technically, vocally, emotionally, and spiritually.    The Empyrean is a recommended album to anyone wishing to expand their consciousness through music. If you are receptive to the message, you will walk away from the music a slightly different person.     Five stars.
B003PWPGT0|5.0|This is a spectacular album and it deserves all the good reviews. For the few giving it poor reviews saying it's not a Heartbreakers album... step back and listen to yourselves. This band has been around and around for some time, they've delivered a dozen or so albums we've all wore out. Why can't they create an album however they want? Blues, rock, or even country? In my opinion they've earned enough respect they can do whatever they want. Thanks Tom, loved the listen! AND it was great live!
1442344989|5.0|Wow, what an AMAZING survival story. Though it is hard to read/listen to at times, she deserves for us to hear her life and how she over came and beat these terrible terrible people.
B004RE29PO|4.0|Though this is a sequel to Ridley Scott's classic, I really think of this as more of an action film than a pure horror flick though Sigourney Weaver revives her role as Ripley.  Cameron's breakneck pacing and a thunderous score by James Horner plus a good supporting cast led by Cameron regulars such as Michael Biehm and Paxton make this a memorable outing but I took off one star because of the two, I still prefer the first one.
B003L77GRO|4.0|The fifth season of \\"Dexter\\" takes a sharp, unexpected turn.<br /><br />SPOILERS FOLLOW:<br /><br />Dexter tries to recover from Rita's murder by taking out more serial killing scum but, in the process, saves someone unexpectantly-Lumen (Julia Stiles)the next victim of Boyd the killer that Dexter has just offed. Lumen indicates that she's willing to take out the scum who attacked her and Dexter tries to save her.<br /><br />END OF SPOILERS:<br /><br />One of the highlights of season five is Peter Weller as a disgraced naracotics cop being used by Quinn to find dirt on Dexter. Weller makes up for the absence of John Lithgow--he's a terrific actor who hasn't been given the roles he really deserves lately (although he was brilliant in his recent appearance on \\"Fringe\\"), he shines in this season of \\"Dexter\\".<br /><br />The fifth season of \\"Dexter\\" looks pretty good on DVD although the image is occasionally a bit soft part of that is the look of the show. Detail is quite good for most of the show and colors positively pop nicely capturing the sunny, bright look of Miami.<br /><br />Audios is terrific with a strong 5.1 mix although keep in mind that dialogue is the primary focus on many of the episodes.<br /><br />The fifth season of \\"Dexter\\" starts with a lot of potential but I felt that the season finale petered out and disappointed a bit compared to season four. Still, season five is pretty strong over all.<br /><br />The special features as with all previous episodes of \\"Dexter\\" aren't all that great but for most fans it's about the show itself.<br /><br />We get interviews with the primary cast members for season five and a featurette on Julia Stiles fifth season appearance. I do find it disappointing that Showtime STILL doesn't include ANY commentary tracks on the episodes included.<br /><br />We also get two episodes of \\"The Borgias\\" as a cross promotional tie-in for that Showtime series. The Blu-ray offers BD-Live access to episodes of Showtime series as well.<br /><br />The DVD however uses \\"E-Bridge\\" Technology for the first two episodes of \\"Californication\\". If you don't care for this series (I'm not a fan)then this won't be much of a special feature for you.<br /><br />Again, the fifth season of \\"Dexter\\" is relatively strong although it doesn't quite measure up to the conclusion of season five.<br /><br />Recommended.of \\"Californication\\". If you don't care for this series (I'm not a fan)then this won't be much of a special feature for you.     Again, the fifth season of \\"Dexter\\" is relatively strong although it doesn't quite measure up to the conclusion of season five.     Recommended.
1461118778|2.0|Was disappointed when I opened the book to see the extremely small print - never have worn glasses and great vision, but what I'm sure was going to be a deliciously meaty book, full of Darwin's views and where they stem from, has become a book that is passed over for something more traditional in size and font.     Maybe I should have read the reviews or book into closer and would have noticed this was mentioned.    Oh well, someday I'll get to it...once I find my magnifying glass!    Smalls
0061353248|5.0|This book should be required reading for everyone working in a corporation or running for political office (or anyone else for that matter). Dan Ariely takes \\"complex\\" economic theory in regard to human behavior and explains it in a simple, humorous, common sense way. He then offers solutions that our business and political leaders can't seem to find.
B000005TRO|5.0|Love the Cd got it before I thought cheap and I was surprised I was able to find it , will buy more
B003L77GRO|1.0|Spoilerish:                      I really had high hopes this season. Will Dexter be accused of murder? Will this be the season Debra finds out? What will happen to the children? At the end of each season, I've expected a huge pay off in the end that blows me away, and it has (well, maybe not so much season 3). But season 5 was such a let down because the writers just didn't take any chances. So many plot holes, dropped storylines lines and just outright lazy writing (why the hell would you close a case just because of \\"lack of DNA\\", why do the cops believe Masuka's auto erotic asphyxiation theory without even investigating it?, etc) Instead, they hit the reset button where Dexter will be on his merry way until a new big bad comes in, learns something from them, kills them, and gets away with it--again. I know I'm not alone when I say this. Go on any website or board and they'll express more of the disappointment I've written here.    But to the show's credit, it's still better than most of the good seasons of a lot of TV shows.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|This garbage has to go.  George Lucas needs to issue theatrical releases, not his horrible attempts at changing these films after the fact...(including THX 1138).<br /><br />Don't buy them.  If they don't sell as well as they should, it couldn't make matters worse.
1446301583|3.0|This book is cute.  It has ideas and patterns but mostly very simplistic.  If you are a new crafter or looking for home decor this book is interesting.  It wasn't really what I was looking for but the color pallets and materials are thought provoking.
B004J3QACQ|5.0|I received it in Japan and great job! The item was damaged a little bit but the sailor was doing great.
B004DMIIOG|5.0|I used to be a big-time anime \\"otaku\\" and I still am a bigger fan than most people I know, so when I heard about this film and the critical acclaim it had received, I was shocked that it had flew past me. Well, after watching it, I can say that the hype is, indeed, to be believed. From the high quality, high budget animaiton, to the amazing story within a story presentation, everything about this film shines on the same level as any of the great anime films. It is certainly the most impressive and entertaining animated feature I have seen in the last 10 years since 2001's \\"Spirited Away\\" awed me similarly. (Miyazaki's more recent films, Howl's Moving Castle and Ponyo, did not elicit such a response from me, as I am sort of a harsh critic.)    To put it simply, if you are an anime fan, you absolutely MUST see the movie. I would say it should be added to anyone's \\"required viewing\\" list. And of course, if you decide to get it, you should really get the Blu Ray! I have not seen the DVD version of the movie, but I can say that the use of HD resolution was glorious, and I can not imagine watching it in SD! You must see it in High Definition for the true experience!    So, should you buy this? In a word, YES!
B004JZBGWI|5.0|Love this app! I love how they are app sized post-it and not huge like other widgets. Perfect for shopping lists, to-do lists, quick notes, taking numbers while in call, etc, etc.
B0007ZEO4G|5.0|hi,  this is a masterwork from D.P. Mark 3 line up! every song that can't be ignored! even the last one: A 200! the two voicies thing, is really work! very greats singers! the music is really funky, but rocks as a firework! they attempt here a subtle harmony from every band members, and it's magical! another beautiful angle of the band!  and it's remastered by one of the two-singers, Glen Hugues himself! don't hesitate for so long and purchase it right now!
B004HZ76FQ|5.0|My favorite game and a great fishing experience!   Great graphics, feedback,  and realism.   Catch sharks, marlin, tuna, and cod using different types of bait.
0785814531|5.0|I was fortunate enough to pick this book up at amazon.com for a very modest price and so I couldn't pass it by, other than that, I barely know why I bought this book considering I am such a chicken.<br />This excellent edition of Edgar Allan Poe's terrifying tales & poems is a must-have for E.A.P. fans and lovers of horror fiction. The image on the dust jacket is just wonderful (though it's not clearly visible in the image, so you'll have to take my word for it), though I really would have liked the inside to be illustrated as well.<br />This huge collection (73 short stories and 48 poems) includes the author's most renowned works such as \\"The Raven\\", \\"The Fall of the House of Usher\\", \\"The Murders in Rue Morgue\\" and \\"The Tell-Tale Heart\\". The book also includes a fantastic fourteen-page introduction by Wilbur S. Scott.<br />I do not recommend this book for the faint-at-heart, but if you like suspense and (intelligent) horror, you simply cannot go wrong with this title!<br />Hope this review helps =]<br />GorJess
B0035G5IOE|5.0|Must be at least 20 words long?! 1..2..3..4..5..6..7 Do numbers count? Either way, the movie arrived in 2 days BOOM. Title of the movie isn't misleading and I have watched it at least 6 times since i bought it. Wouldn't call it an investment but it certainly a pleasure to have
0393338827|4.0|On Thursday September 18, 2008 the market in derivatives tanked. It had been soft for several days. But on that Thursday it fell over the cliff; and before the dust settled several Wall Street landmarks were either no more or greatly changed.  Bear Sterns, Lehman Brothers, and Merrril Lynch were no more, AIG was underwater and the chances were good that the remaining bit firms still standing (J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs) had liquidity problems.  Furthermore the banks were in trouble: Countrywide, Wachovia and Washington Mutual were on their way out and a lot of others might have been as well had not the Government poured billions (the notorious TARP funds) into the financial system.      What might have happened had the Treasure not stepped in at that moment will never be known, but what is known is that today nearly three years later we are still living with the result- a continuing recession equaled in depth only by the Great Depression of the 1930s, constant and acerbic political division, a Federal Government which appears so dysfunctional that one wonders whether it can continue to exist for many more years without substantial Constitutional change - And there is no end in sight     One of the contributing causes of this - if not the immediate precipitating cause of that September day - was spendthrift, uncontrolled lending in the housing market which had inflated home prices well beyond the limits of financial sanity Even with virtually no assets and maybe even no job you could get a 6% thirty year first mortgage with nothing down and no interest payments for two years. Then when the value of your home went up and you had additional equity equity you could re-finance, cash in the equity with another and bigger mortgage which stood on even shakier financial feet  Then you could use the cash you took out of the refinancing to put down on that nice new Ford pickup you always wanted or maybe spend a week or two in Hawaii. And the lender could sell your even-now- less-sub-prime mortgage to a financial house which was buying virtually sight unseen a lot of them not unlike yours The financial house would bundle them into a package, call it a bond and sell the bond as a sub prime mortgage bond - not, however, without first vetting the bond through Moody's or one of Moody's cousins with maybe an AAA rating. Not only was the bond vetted but also it could be insured through AIG.      Furthermore if you were a buyer and savvy enough you didn't even have to buy the sub prime bond. You could buy a credit default swap which cost you maybe one percent per year of the face amount of the bond you didn't have or were short on and promised to pay off the face value (less residual value) if and when it defaulted or was redeemed     These instruments  - the sub-prime mortgage bond  and the credit default swap - were derivatives.  i.e. they derived their value from the bundle of mortgages which \\"secured\\" each bond.      However all of the mortgages in the original bundle were not of the same value, the same safety. The bundle could be separated into sub-bundles and a sub bundle could be the subject of a separate derivative. -  a CDO or collateralized debt obligation which represented the triple B rated bundle of mortgages at the bottom of the original bundle. However through the CDO which would obtain a triple A rating on its own, the less valuable mortgages would have a new though fraudulent life as respectable security      To some very smart young people who are the subjects of Michael Lewis's The Big Short, this was like finding money in the street. You had a triple a bond secured by what you knew was trash and it was insured; or you might have credit default swaps on such bond. You knew the bond was never going the full 30 years.  So you bought credit default swaps and went short on the bonds and waited for the crash. When it came in September 2008 you made a mint. This was The Big Short.      Michael Lewis is one of those very few financial writers who has the unique ability to write clearly and with humor about he most complicated of financial mattress and he is at his best in this book. It's written with zest and style  - and he tells it like it is -  or was.      Looking back it's easy to follow his trail of words and see with terrible clarity the inexcusable stupidity of most or our leading financial houses, but then the same is true in any bubble - whether you look back on the tech bubble of 2000, utility stocks in 1929, railroad stocks in 1890 or tulips in Holland two centuries ago.       The whole thing might be funny if the results had not been so tragic. People are out of work and out of their homes. The Federal deficit is out of control because, among other things, of the money it poured into the economy to prop up the remaining banks - and which at the moment doesn't seem to have done a lot of good. You can get a sense of why this all exists by reading The Big Short.
B003EYVXSW|3.0|Two criminally negligent and scientifically malfeasant bioengineers - Elsa (Sarah Polley) and Clive (Adrian Brody) - splice DNA to create new life-forms for their cutting edge facility, Nucleic Exchange Research & Development (NERD).  When the scientific breakthrough of the millennia (causing a great Carrie tribute in the middle of the film) that could potentially cure a myriad of diseases isn't quite enough, they toss a little human juice into the equation, despite Clive's numerous protestations, and bring their Frankenstein into the world.  The eventual result is a pseudo-humanoid they name Dren, that ends up looking sort of like a 21-year old Telly Savalas, but with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome, ostrich legs, and a tail.  A slew of other genetic surprises and advantages as well.  Don't worry though, because the two were implausibly able to keep this genetic monstrosity a secret from everyone else in the lab.  So no problem.  Wink, wink.<br /><br />Up to this point the movie is exciting, interesting, and fairly original.  The pair of fraternizing scientists - absolutely no chemistry, by the way - quickly form bonds with the freakshow, eschewing any sort of moral or scientific responsibilities.  And that's only the half of it.  Dren ages and learns rapidly, exhibiting both human and animal reactions, creating a more complex conundrum for the couple.<br /><br />Sounds enjoyable, right?  Well, the third act devolves into a completely contradictory blend of Jeepers Creepers and backwoods West Virginia, as the controversial ending eliminates any audience involvement or momentum previously created.  From sci-fi thriller to horror film in the blink of an eye...except the viewer doesn't adapt as quickly as Dren.
0553386794|5.0|The books are very well written and extremely deep in character and storylines.<br />I disagree with the reviews that say they were frustrated by the way main characters can die and the heros can fail. That is one of the strengths of the series in my opinion. I find I care more about the characters because I actually worry for them. In most books when the hero faces incredible odds or a no-win situation you know they will win anyway. In this world they may actually die, or become captured, or run away. It is closer to a historical novel about kings of the middle ages than Lord of the Rings.<br /><br />I have read through the 4th book and looking forward to where this goes in the remaining ones.
6301735048|5.0|This was a great movie. It was in great content, along with condition being perfect.Amazon does a great job with their movies. Thank you.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Haven't received the last two updates for my DROID X.  Tried refreshing.  Wife's Incredible gets them.  Got it when it first hit the market for free so don't know if that is part of the issue.<br /><br />Update:  Needed to manually clear the Amazon App Store cache via application settings.  Once done, did a refresh and updates are working again.  Hope this helps anyone else experiencing the issue.  Updated from two stars to 5 since I doubt this was the fault of BlueSky.
B005HED5YW|5.0|This is definitely going to be a huge time-suck for me.  Thanks, \\"Nancy\\"... I mean Amazon.  It's going to be difficult for me not to watch every last episode:)
0156027321|4.0|I ordered this book for my neice, it was one of the books she was required to read during the summer...She said she liked it.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I could go into to depth why I liked this film, but I'm gonna make this simple. The movie was fantastic! It was visually entertaining and mentally intriguing. Is it the best movie I've ever seen? No, but I enjoyed watching it. That's all that matters. It's just a movie, not like deciding on the purchase of a new house. I'm always amused by the \\"expert\\" one star reviews that pick apart this film convincing you not to bother with it. Look, if you don't like it, then fine. Don't write a short novel about all the things you find fault with it trying to convince others to see it your way. What soft drink do you dislike the most? Is it because someone wrote a three page negative review on it, or is it because you tried it and decided on your own? Writing an articulate,fancy negative review to sound like you know your stuff is really comical. I'm impressed(if not envious) with the vocabulary used in some of the one star reviews, but really,.... I'll decide for myself. I don't need a thesis of what you believe how the movie should have been done. Seriously, some of these guys should be writing for a newspaper or magazine. LOL<br /><br />Yes, I will be buying the Blu-ray copy.
B0051OZ564|1.0|this movie is the stupidest movie i have ever watched in my entire life it doesnt make any sence and it is wack thats all i can say
0062060554|5.0|This book is beyond thrilling.  I just finished it and can't praise it enough.  It is the type of book that you imagination runs wide while reading it.  I couldn't turn the pages fast enough.  Coming to the end of the book I hated to see it finished but had to hurry and find out what actually happens.  Great debut novel  I can't wait for his next one.
B0006IIPIK|5.0|I first saw this movie when I rented from another company, I love this movie, acting is good, for me its just simply how they made the film seem like an old movie. If you have not seen it I would say take a look.
B00003CX5P|5.0|This is the special edition of Star Wars Episode 1. It is in widescreen and features a cool making of the film documentary, trailers and other bonus stuff. The sound and picture quality are noticably upgraded from VHS, and I owned the special edition tape. The film is on the first disc, while the second disc has bonus features, including deleted scenes that should have been in the movie. If you're a collector, you want the prequel box set, otherwise this is the version you want.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Lovin some Sookie. I've read all the books and the short stories in anthologies. I love the paranormal genre...so what if it's a little hokey! I really enjoyed having the episodes available to watch one after the other. My oldest and I are now waiting for the weekly episodes. Okay, just couldn't wait for Sookie and Eric to \\"get it together\\".  The only comment I would make, not so positive, I wish the HBO series followed the books a little more closely. I have found my self thinking...\\"Oh hell NO! That is not suppose to happen like that\\"!
4893580914|5.0|I ordered this book a while back upon the recommendation of my Japanese teacher. I absolutely LOVE it. It teachers you not only Kanji and their uses, but different combinations and new vocabulary you won't find in most textbooks. It has a lot of practice with not only repetitive writing, but in sentence usage and Kanji recognition. I would definitely recommend this to everyone!
B0012Q732O|5.0|Everything was great, DVD came as stated, service was fast. Nothing wrong I have so far had a wonderful time shopping and getting movies I like for a price that isn't breaking me.
B00003CXAT|5.0|This was always one of my favorite movies. It has now been released as a collector's edition DVD. This DVD contains some great bonus features, about half of which I have actually watched. As should be expected of any movie labeled \\"special edition\\", the sound quality is superb and the picture has been remastered. They didn't just say that, you can tell. This is an amazing version of a modern classic and it's probably the best version you're ever going to find. On the other hand, you could always get the whole trilogy box set but, the picture quality is a bit better on this. If you have not read the original book, read it. You'll thank me later.
1416550550|5.0|Extraordinary beautiful, different, a story within a story where fantasy interlocks with reality, it has love, hope, loyalty and people who are sensitive to beauty, highly recommended.
4789009637|5.0|The title says it all folks! Genki is the BEST series out there for learning Japanese! I have studied Japanese in the US for 8 years now, used many different books and Genki is BY FAR the best one on the market. From the word choice, to the explanations, to the practice problems this book excels! You will have no problem learning the Japanese language while using the Genki series. I HIGHLY recommend this to anyone that has a desire to learn Japanese. If you're struggling with your current textbook or class, I urge you to purchase the Genki series because you just cannot go wrong!
B00005JLK1|5.0|Okay I would have to say that I am not one for horror movies and stuff, however, I have to say that I did like this movie. It did keep me interested right up till the end.
B004MARLJ2|5.0|I got this as the free app of the day, and would gladly pay for more content. Very fun game
0553801473|4.0|It has been so long since the last book of the series, it's hard to remember some of the details he is talking about.  But so far the story is living up to the rest of the series.  I am about 1/3 of the way through the book now and can't wait to pick it up again.  I take it everywhere with me so if I have even 5 minutes I can see what's happening next!
B00005ATZT|5.0|I've not looked at the special features yet but didn't appreciate the bit of silliness inserted at the very beginning of the main feature. As for the film itself, it's the best realistic, edge-of-your-seat action drama I've ever seen.  Yes, surviving the dive into the dam's spillway is a bit of a stretch, but I suppose it's possible. As rough as that concrete looked a few frames later, don't surfaces that constantly get washed by water usually develop a slick coating?  Comparing this to the latest Batman film leaves Batman wanting, in my opinion. In fact, even without the comparison, Batman seemed overly long as I was watching it.  Addendum: I've just watched it again and cannot say enough good about it. Instead of the silliness often seen today where twenty and thirty-somethings are all running about stiff-armed with automatic pistols pointed at everyone's head and they're all kung fu experts, you have a brilliant heart surgeon who's systematically solving his own misjudged case. The dive into the dam's spillway is a bit of a stretch but possible, and considering his options, amounted to the only way of proving his innocence -- the alternative was death by injection.  Also, when you watch the special features, you learn that the original script included features that would have made the story less credible.  I've watched some of the Harrison Ford thrillers that followed and was disappointed. So I consider this one of those gems that only occur once in a while.
B0002V7OI8|5.0|I liked this movie, had some very touching scenes acting was good, as in most movies it had its moments. Yet another end of the world DVD I can add to my collection
B001NLKXK2|5.0|I kept this on the tbr pile for a long time.  I think I was afraid to read this as my mother is in the early stages of Alzheimers.  This book opened my eyes and my heart.  It is difficult to believe that this was a fictional account as it rings out very true to life.  I  am happy I read it but, it was not an easy read.
0756656230|5.0|We got this book at the library and my 6 yo loved it so much we had to buy it for ourselves.  He loved all the cool things others had built and could not wait to make his own creations.  A \\"must have\\" for all lego fans!!
B004LWZVZC|3.0|I anticipated a juicy inside scoop on the conspiracy to assassinate Lincoln, but that's not what this film is. Lincoln is shot early in the movie and the suspects are rounded up, including Mary Surratt who ran a boarding house and had connections to John Wilkes Booth. The US government gave her a military tribunal instead of a trial by jury and that is primarily what the movie is about. Knowing the end of the story from history, the viewer is left to absorb and analyze the commision's hearing as told by Redford. The movie is sympathetic to Mary Surratt and leans toward her innocence, but it doesn't try to prove guilt or innocence. That's not the point.<br /><br />The War Secretery has interests in finding the culprits and carrying out swift justice to put the matter to rest. His main concern is to maintain the fragile union of North and South and prevent further bloodshed. Surratt's defense attorney wants to keep the constitutional freedoms for which he and so many have fought, bled, and died to save. The opposing interests create the tension that unfolds in the commision's hearing. The movie poses the question of whether military tribunals are just.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|It really makes you use your brain, fun, challenging app, I don&apos;t know if its my phone but from time to time it just start doing crazy things when solving levels and I have to remove some pieces already in place that sometimes it will mess up all I had done just because that glitch
B000Y5JFNY|5.0|By now, everyone knows The Sound of Music, so it would be pointless to rant about how great a film it is. What hasn't happened in a long time, though, is to have it looking this good.  The transfer is simply gorgeous. It looks like a film of this year. The colors are vivid, and the landscape of Salzburg is simply stunning.  It sounds great too, which is of the utmost importance, considering it's a musical.  And then, there's the packaging. This is the crown jewel of my movie collections. It has everything and then a music box to boot.  I could not reccommend this more enthusiastically. A must have for anyone that loves this film, and something everyone should show to the younger generations.  Beautiful.
B002ZG976U|5.0|i love the dvd & the quick response---wasnt expecting to recieve it for a week or so & found it in my mailbox after just a couple of days----thanks you
B0051MKMNC|4.0|Great movie for those who want to be limitless. Excellent cast, script, and plot. Bradley Cooper and Robert DeNiro are terrific.
0143038419|2.0|I thought I was alone in my theory on this book/movie, but here is my evidence that the story isn't great.  This is my facebook post and the replies within 10 minutes of it's posting.  It might help you decide if you really want to spend the money on the book or not.  Mind you, I am an avid reader, I completed 5 books since June and started this book at the beginning of August.    Original Comment - I don't like to abandon a book. At some point I usually find a redeeming factor, but this one has to go! Eat, Pray, Love is awful. It's never taken me so long to read a book! 3 weeks and I'm chunking it after only completing the first section.            *        Person 4 and Person 2 like this.      *            o              Person 1 i agree, i tried twice and never could get through it.                          o              Person 2  The movie is much better!!!                          o              Original Commenter I think it could be good in a movie - bad divorce, eating it up in Italy, praying in India, and finding love at the end. Self discovery, but the book rambles on and on.                           o              Person 2 We don't need divorces..... let's just go to Italy; eat way to much then pray for forgiveness in India... Wait, the love interest guy is really cute?!?!?! Let me think a minute ;)                          o              Person 3 Movie not that great and was slow.                          o              Person 4 My experience with the movie was the same as your's with the book. Glad it was a Redbox $1. We tried 5 times to watch it                          o              Person 5 I read like the first two sections and got bored too. No fun!
B002HK9I04|4.0|The transfer is great, the sound is amazing and the film is a riot. A must have that never gets old.  I'd enthusiastically reccommend this Blu-ray edition.
B0057URWSQ|5.0|I love this show so much i am rewatching all the episodes. This is the best new show this summer.
B0050UEVNM|5.0|I love the new movie and i cant stand the new cover.   This is one of those great movies where you take tons of amazing actors and actresses, throw them in a movie with wonderful characters, dont scimp on the memorable moments and then leave the audience happy and misty eyed.      it deals with many generations under very different circumstances.    love, loss, sickness, desperation, secrets, honesty and cheating.   its got a great soundtrack, its full of humor, it makes you think, itll make you cry and itll make you all bubbly.    it also touches the subject of aids and how it affects everyone involved.    Its a great movie that so many people havent seen and need to.  It is by far my favorite angelina jolie movie ever made and sean connery is fantastic.  Randy Quaid sparkles.     Everyone should see this movie.
B0055SWM08|4.0|I installed this app. I got a blank screen. I called Amazon. I was told there was a problem when it was installed.I removed the app and re-installed it 5 times. It does not work on my Coby 7024. Still getting a blank screen. Wish I could get my money back.<br /> 7/25/12. Updates were made and it works well on my Coby now.
0375826742|2.0|I had to fight to finish this book. It was slow, and padded with way more description than was needed. There was no reason this series needed to be 4 books, because half of this book should have been cut. It felt like filler just to added pages but it didn't seem to move the story forward. I am not usually one to bail on a series when I have read the majority of the books, but I can't devote anymore time to this series.<br /><br />While I enjoy the characters and the story the writing just gets in the way and prevents it from being a fun read.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Could&apos;ve sworn I played this game before; but must have been thinking of something similar. None the less, this is a great game. Ramps up nicely and doesn&apos;t simply throw you to the wolves; nor does it treat you with kid gloves. Also a good way for kids to learn about colors too. :)
B003FSTN5C|5.0|Great first season!!!  Love how it spins off of the original NCIS.  Full of action, suspense, even emotion! Can't wait for season 2 to release!
0385341008|5.0|I loved this book.  I've recommended it over and over because its characters are wonderful.  It takes place on  Guernsey Island duing the German Occupation.
