B000000OSO|5.0|They did it again.  This is a true Aero album and Joe Perry's solo Walk On Down adds even more fire to it.
B00003CWPR|1.0|Now, im usually a very open person. I like to try and enjoy every movie I see. This isn't the case. What we have here is a masterpiece gone terribly wrong. The movies 159 minutes is the first thing to yell about. I was so  bored with most of the conversations that I fast foward through the whole  movie just about. Themovie has no moral, nothing exciting and, excuse me,  there was almost no sex. There was more nude girls than there was sex. Now  I can see why this movie was so terribly screwed up, Old Stan must have  been messed up. Now I loved 2001 and The Shining, but this is one that I  will not be adding to my video collection.
0201626632|5.0|I have just begun a PhD program in engineering, and find the sobering wisdom contained in this book to be invaluable.  The book is actually aimed at freshly minted PhDs, and serves to guide them as they plot an often  precarious career in science and/or engineering.  Despite this, the book  contains a lot of advice that graduate students at the beginning or the  middle of their program will find  extremely useful.  Feibelman is able to  say in little over one hundred pages what most academic advisors almost  always do not (and often purposely will not) get around to saying.<br />The  first chapter of the book starts out with some scary examples of how  freshly minted PhD holders quickly go wrong.  The second chapter of the  book gives some very practical advice on how to choose the right advisor  for you- an often repeated mistake many graduate students make (including  myself).  The advice in the second chapter serves grad students and post  docs equally well, and could almost be interchangeable.  <br />The third and  fourth chapters are about the bread and butter of a scientist's life- being  able to give successful talks and writing compelling, useful publications.   Feibelman tells us here that it is OK to regurgitate known material, to  write your research publication as if you were telling a story, and most  importantly, to make small, meaningful contributions.<br />Chapters five and  six of the book discuss choosing the right career path after getting the  sheepskin and how to shine in your job interviews, respectively.   Competition is stiff in academia for positions, as we all know, and the  situation is only marginally better in government and corporate labs, but  Feibelman gives the new PhD some sound advice.  He weighs in on the pluses  and minuses of a career path in academe, industry and government, and  implores job seekers to be focused, build off of their skills, and know  what is expected of prospective hires.  <br />Finally, chapters seven and  eight are about grantsmanship and establishing a research program.       Feibelman astutely argues that you should draft your proposals to funding  agencies well before you begin your first career position.  Most people  coming out of graduate school will have very little time to even think  about what kind of research to do and even less time to plan it out and  write the necessary proposals because of the demands and the constraints  placed upon them by their jobs- making the aforementioned tip extremely  useful.  Feibelman also emphasizes in these chapters the importance of  focusing in on small, well-defined projects and completing them.<br />The  major weakness of this book is that Feibelman does not tell the reader to  choose the type of projects that are interesting to him or her.  A career  in science and engineering, which may start  in graduate school, should be  interesting and fun.  The book also fails to address the changing face of  science- namely issues of globalization, the corporate influence on  university research, and the increasing diversity to be found in grad  student and post doc populations (women, minorities, and foreign  nationals).  <br />No one book can tell you the keys to personal satisfaction  or career success, but this handy little volume does give those just  starting out, like me, some excellent tips.  In general, a student can not  go too far wrong when he or she has good mentoring, stable funding, and  most importantly, sound advising.<br />Beginning and continuing graduate  students may find helpful hints in the book Getting What You Came For by  Robert L. Peters.
B00000J8EK|5.0|Awsome disc, another great from the Chemical Brothers.  Different from previous recordings, less drum &amp; bass, more synthesized material.  Nice vocals by Hope Sandoval (Mazzy Star) too.  A must by for Chemical Brothers  fans and new listeners as well...
0201626632|5.0|I have just begun a PhD program in engineering, and find the sobering wisdom contained in this book to be invaluable.  The book is actually aimed at freshly minted PhDs, and serves to guide them as they plot an often  precarious career in science and/or engineering.  Despite this, the book  contains a lot of advice that graduate students at the beginning or the  middle of their program will find  extremely useful.  Feibelman is able to  say in little over one hundred pages what most academic advisors almost  always do not (and often purposely will not) get around to saying.<br />The  first chapter of the book starts out with some scary examples of how  freshly minted PhD holders quickly go wrong.  The second chapter of the  book gives some very practical advice on how to choose the right advisor  for you- an often repeated mistake many graduate students make (including  myself).  The advice in the second chapter serves grad students and post  docs equally well, and could almost be interchangeable.  <br />The third and  fourth chapters are about the bread and butter of a scientist's life- being  able to give successful talks and writing compelling, useful publications.   Feibelman tells us here that it is OK to regurgitate known material, to  write your research publication as if you were telling a story, and most  importantly, to make small, meaningful contributions.<br />Chapters five and  six of the book discuss choosing the right career path after getting the  sheepskin and how to shine in your job interviews, respectively.   Competition is stiff in academia for positions, as we all know, and the  situation is only marginally better in government and corporate labs, but  Feibelman gives the new PhD some sound advice.  He weighs in on the pluses  and minuses of a career path in academe, industry and government, and  implores job seekers to be focused, build off of their skills, and know  what is expected of prospective hires.  <br />Finally, chapters seven and  eight are about grantsmanship and establishing a research program.       Feibelman astutely argues that you should draft your proposals to funding  agencies well before you begin your first career position.  Most people  coming out of graduate school will have very little time to even think  about what kind of research to do and even less time to plan it out and  write the necessary proposals because of the demands and the constraints  placed upon them by their jobs- making the aforementioned tip extremely  useful.  Feibelman also emphasizes in these chapters the importance of  focusing in on small, well-defined projects and completing them.<br />The  major weakness of this book is that Feibelman does not tell the reader to  choose the type of projects that are interesting to him or her.  A career  in science and engineering, which may start  in graduate school, should be  interesting and fun.  The book also fails to address the changing face of  science- namely issues of globalization, the corporate influence on  university research, and the increasing diversity to be found in grad  student and post doc populations (women, minorities, and foreign  nationals).  <br />No one book can tell you the keys to personal satisfaction  or career success, but this handy little volume does give those just  starting out, like me, some excellent tips.  In general, a student can not  go too far wrong when he or she has good mentoring, stable funding, and  most importantly, sound advising.<br />Beginning and continuing graduate  students may find helpful hints in the book Getting What You Came For by  Robert L. Peters.
0684872153|4.0|Working with abused children for the past seventeen years, I was concerned to see evidence of such abuse in Frank's childhood.  What, then, is the difference between his ability to overcome and the teens in Columbine who  changed our lives dramatically?  I don't have any pat answers, but I plan  on using examples from the book extensively in my task of training foster  parents.  Letting them find their own answers to &quot;what made the  difference?&quot;  Thank you, Frank, for allowing us the privilege of  getting inside your skin and living your life through your words.
B00000163G|5.0|This album is DA BOMB DA BEST OF DA WEST TO DATE all of the songs is Phat and all have the best rappin you will hear anywhere! this album is the only thing which kept Death Rizzow alive his best album by far and if you  dissagree you aint no Pac fan!
0792140923|5.0|What an incredible film!  In every category this movie hits the five star category.  It will make you laugh and cry.  It shows the power of the mind over any obstacle in any persons life and it shows the sheer will power of  the human psyche.  From beginning to end it captivates it's audience and  doesn't let you go, even long after the movie is over.<br />Watch it, enjoy it  and cherish the depth of the meanings it produced.
0385424736|5.0|This book was the most incredible book I have ever read!  I love all of the John Grisham books and they are fabulous!  I have to specially order them though because where I live there is not many American books. I wish  you would read this books and all the ones he has written and please read  the book &quot;Long Nights in Paris&quot;it is good to!  Read this book  please.
B000002UB6|5.0|THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM,VERY UNDERATED.THERE IS ABSOLUTLY NOTHING WRONG WITH THIS ALBUM AND I WOULD RATE IT UP THERE WITH ABBEY ROAD AND SGT.PEPPER.I WOULD ALSO LIKE TO POINT OUT TO ALL THE SPECTOR HATERS THAT PHIL WAS  ORDERED TO MAKE THE CHANGES TO LONG AND WINDING ROAD,DIG IT ETC BY THE  ALLAN KLIEN,THE BEATLES MANAGER AT THE TIME.
0790729644|5.0|This movie operates on so many levels one can watch it over and over again and always find something new.  Eastwood does an amazing job of dealing with the myths of the west, making this the most realistic western I've  ever seen, and one of my five favorite films of all time.  It should have  won an award for screenplay too..I think it is as well written as  &quot;Chinatown.&quot;  Definitly worth getting on DVD as the crisp  photography adds a lot to the overall film.
B00000DMJF|5.0|IM A HUGE MUSIC FAN,LOVE ALL MUSIC,AND I MUST SAY THIS IS NOT JUST THE GREATEST BEATLE ALBUM - ITS THE GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME!  ANYONE WHO GIVES IT UNDER 4 STARS HAS NOT LISTENED TO IT LONG ENOUGH(IT REALLY  GROWS ON YOU)
B00000IP2L|5.0|You want to learn how to play rock metal at its best, buy this album, It's one of the best albums around, shear strength and power of the songs will just blow you stereo to bits.
1878424319|5.0|I read that book a few months ago, following a friend's suggestion, and was quite impressed by its profound teachings. The other day I was talking to a friend, telling her about the teachings I remembered from that book, which were appropriate to give some insights on what we were talking about. She told me later that at that moment, she really felt \\"back to the essential.\\" Because beyond all the fog, beyond everything that we are trying to do, the person we are pretending to be, we know there is something deeper. This book touches that. I read it again today. Even though it is short, I could read it every month of my life I think and find something new. Many of the readers said they bought multiple copies to share with friends.
B000002MTR|5.0|this is a great CD. it doesnt top californication and i dont have blood sugar sex majik so i cant comment on that. but the best songs on here are &quot;aeroplane&quot;, &quot;my friends&quot;, &quot;pea&quot;, &quot;one  big mob&quot;, &quot;tearjerker&quot;, &quot;falling into grace&quot;  (although i kinda dont get it. what the hell is guru muuk? ), and  &quot;transcending&quot;. i think it would be awesome to hear a song with  dave navarro doing rhythm and john frusciante doing lead. they both have a  beautiful guitar playing sound so theyd probaly sound even better together.  well, if youre looking for the best RHCP album, id have to go with  californaication but this one is damn close to that one in musical  quiality.
B000002KIC|3.0|I purchased this album after I read something about Rick Danko's death in a music periodical, and recall seeing the movie.  I have always loved The Band from when they started out after (Ronnie Hawkins) as Levon Helm and  the Hawks, and continued through some tough times. I often wonder  especially from the album Big Pink (their pad in NY) if Robbie Roberson  really wrote all the songs he's credited with?  Levon Helm  an accomplished  musician and song writer from Turkey Scratch Arkansas must have had some  influence over Roberson and his music. Either way  I found this album great  and it spurns alot of memories from a time when music lived in The BAND!
0783232039|5.0|THIS IS A AWSOME HORROR FILM, WELL ACTUALLY, COMEDY FILM, BUT IT IS CONSIDERED HORROR! TIFFANY IS COOL! I HAVE THE MOVIE MANIACS SET! I LIKE JENNIFER TILLY! SHE MADE A GREAT BRIDE OF CHUCKY! A TRUE HORROR CLASSIC!
B000002UAO|5.0|This album was great! The songs had real meaning to them, my favorite was &quot;Think for your self,&quot; beccause it had a real catchy tune to it. This is is probably the best Beatles album ever!
6303433766|5.0|I am not so sure there was a better film made in the 1990's.  Kate what's-her-name will be lucky to ever be a part of anything so wonderful again.  She can ride as many boats to an icy death as she wants, but in the  end her involvment with this film shall be seen as her wisest move.<br />This  movie has eveything.  I mean everything; love, death, despair, drama,  humor, tragedy, misunderstandings, young precocious women, and Orson  Welles.  Can anyone say that about a James Cameron film?  Of course not.   King of the world, my eye!
0312243022|3.0|Life is hard. People make bad choices. Beauty can be found, if you look hard enough, but rarely. Suck in your gut; shoulder on; things might, but probably won't, get better. I gave this book a 3 - 5 for writing style.  Cunningham's a master. And a 1 for message. Average? 3.  I kept on reading  hoping that I would begin to care about these women. In the end, I just  couldn't and didn't. Maybe it's considered unsophisticated not to be moved  by all this narcissm. If so, I plead guilty.
B000009ED0|4.0|A very good cd.  Much more original than Limp Bizkit.  The only bad part about this cd is that Kid Rock has to say his name in almost every single song.  Still though, a very good cd with a lot of original sounding songs.   Every song has a different beat to it.
0312243022|3.0|Life is hard. People make bad choices. Beauty can be found, if you look hard enough, but rarely. Suck in your gut; shoulder on; things might, but probably won't, get better. I gave this book a 3 - 5 for writing style.  Cunningham's a master. And a 1 for message. Average? 3.  I kept on reading  hoping that I would begin to care about these women. In the end, I just  couldn't and didn't. Maybe it's considered unsophisticated not to be moved  by all this narcissm. If so, I plead guilty.
0064407667|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. The author has an enjoyable style of using words and then defining them. I found the interjected definitions witty and humorous. The style, or should I say situation, of the poor Baudelaire children is very much like that of Dahl's subjects. They are orphaned and  thrust into terrible circumstances. You hope throughout the book that  Violet, Klaus, and infant Sunny will have a happy ending. As we all know  from the book's description, this is not to be for the Baudelaire orphans.  I can only wonder what desperately unfortunate circumstances arise for  these poor children later in the series. These are truly enjoyable quick  reads that are full of wit, humor, and angst.
B000021Y74|5.0|I would give this film ten stars if I could.  I loved this movie.  It was a fast-paced, non-stop, emotional romp that captured the gamut of emotions from A to Z!  I can tell whether a movie is truly excellent if it can make  me cheer for the characters--I was jumping up and down in excitement for  these characters!  Lola has one hefty set of lungs which she regularly uses  to her advantage, and I would have screamed along with her.  One important  aspect of this movie was definitely the soundtrack.  The driving rhythms of  the techno beat really added a certain nuance to the movie.  There  definitely would have been a lot missing from the movie had the techno  music not been a major part.  Another very important part of the movie was  the inclusion of excerpts from Charles Ives' &quot;The Unanswered  Question,&quot; a monumental piece of classical music.  It added a very  nice existential touch to the movie, referring to the unanswered question  of life.  In a way, &quot;The Unanswered Question&quot; was the heart of  the film, acting as an interlude between life and death for Lola and Manni  and making them re-evaluate themselves and each other, finding out what is  most important to both of them.  The other characters in the film serve as  ordinary people that either play major or minor parts to the cacophony that  surrounds Lola and Manni.  Lola's father plays the indifferent, two-timing  parent perfectly, and everyone else is cast very strong as well.  Franka  Potente is superb, enough said, and Moritz Bleibtreu is effective as well,  portraying a confused and desperate man caught in a bad situation.   Wonderful acting, wonderful dialogue, wonderful action, and wonderful music  combine for a wonderful movie!
B00002MZ12|5.0|All I can say it that, this CD is way off the top hits list. This is the best album of Alanis.
B000007T2Z|5.0|Godspeed are by far the most fearfully apocalyptic band in a long while, the haunting melodies of strings collide with the rythmic smashing of a thousand windows during rioting in a black out. The soliloquay at the start  of the first track dead flag blues gives a picture of life as we reach the  final days. The combination and brilliance of edgy realistic soundwork and  glorious violins brings either society crashing down like lead or a new  cloud to lift you above this wave of violent terror. I'm not convinced that  the end of the world is coming, but if it was then this would be my choice  of soundtrack.
B000003TA4|4.0|Wow. Sorry, I can't give it five stars cause only one album has ever gotten that from me (Metallica Master Of Puppets when they were still thrash) But I really like this cd. Smells Like Teen Spirit is obviously  amazing. People who measure bands by thier record sales are retarded cause  I'v never sold a single album and I could plug in my guitar and whoop  Wackstreet Girls sound who'v sold millions, this cd had real meaning, and  Kurt wrote what he felt. And people who diss his musical talent have  problems because he played solos and he sung and played at the same time.  He deosn't have to be Hendrix with an axe to be a good band leader. So  Nirvana rawks, so deos the cd, even though the only other grunge band I  like is Alice In Chains.
0440180295|4.0|I always enjoy rereading this book. Once you get used to the rather confusing structure, it provides horror and amusement in roughly equal measure. The writing style is excellent. I recently visited the beautiful  city of Dresden for the first time, and had this book in mind for much of  my visit. It was a sobering experience.
B000000WA4|4.0|These guys used to be my favorite band, until they got a drum machine for Adore and Darcy left the band. She had a great voice and was a competent bass player. At least Jimmy's back for the new album though. Anyway, this  album is definetly worth your money if you're into any kind of music. I'm a  hardcore metal guy and I like tons of the stuff on these cds, the first cd  is more instantly likeable, but the 2nd cd is great too once you listen to  it. Billy is a talented song writer, but he could stop whining every once  in a while and write about something positive. So get it. It's up there  with Siamese Dream on thier best albums list. Top songs : Jelly Belly,  Zero, Bullet With Butterfly Wings, Muzzle, Bodies, XYU, Thru The Eyes Of  Ruby, Stubliene, Farewell And Goodnight.
0679736646|4.0|I hope this isn't Dick's best novels because while I thought it was really good, it was imperfect. More others should write science fition that is unconventional and even for the particular genre, wholly strange. Most sci  fi is too interested in developing the details of the tchnology in use  (this sci-fi can be great too) than developing whatever it is that Dick  does develop. The characters in this book could use some work though, and  the book is not entirely focused. In fact, I wish he would have stuck with  the question of how a person from the future could live in the past and  it's current ideas knowing the major events to occur. Also, WHY DIDN'T JOE  USE THE UBIK SPRAY TO UNREGRESS THE UBIK BALM?  Oh well, just a minor  detail.
0385474547|4.0|Throughout China Achebe's book, Things Fall Apart, there is one main theme that all events foreshadow. This theme is that the tribes of Africa and their settlements, such as Umuofia, were already civilized and orderly  before Western influence. The main point of this book was to eliminate  stereotypes about African culture being prehistoric and barbaric. Okonkwo,  the main character, shows the pride of a noble race. He is defeated, just  as African culture was, by surprise and stealth. Nwoye represents tribesmen  who believe in the Western missionaries. He was converted to Christianity,  as were many other Africans at that period. This book shows the chaos of  the situation when a foriegn culture interferes with years of tradition.  <br />  The wrestling events were the most exciting time in the village.  The people worked themselves into a frenzy. They became so excited for  their tribesmen, fighting for honor. The drummers became possessed with the  spirit of the drums, playing the beat wildly. The crowd became extremely  excited, with the men dancing around striving to throw each other to the  ground. The men who kept order had to run around with palm fronds and beat  the ground or the legs and feet of the crowd to keep them back. The crowd  would burst into a thunderous roar at the conclusion of a match. These  matches were so exciting that even the stoic elders had trouble hiding  their excitement.   The murder of Ikemefuna was a tense scene that  ended in a fury of confusion and excitement. The men of Umuofia had  deceived Ikemefuna into thinking that they were taking him to his native  land, and were leading him through the woods. As they were walking,  Ikemefuna became suspicious of the men, after a man growled at him to keep  going, sending cold fear down his spine. He wondered why his adoptive  father, Okonkwo, had fallen towards the back of the procession. Finally, a  man drew his machete and struck him, as Okonkwo looked away. Ikemefuna  cried out \\"My father, they have killed me!\\" as Okonkwo ran to him. Then,  for fear of  being weak, Okonkwo cut him down with his machete.  The  death of the white messenger happens very fast, with Okonkwo reacting  instinctively. As soon as Okonkwo hears, \\"The white man...has ordered this  meeting to stop\\", he draws his machete. He then chops twice at the  messenger, decapitating him. He then wipes his machete in the sand and  walks away, disappointed in his tribe, knowing they will not fight the  white men as he would. <br />   I believe that this book was a good  example of how imperialism can destroy cultures and traditions. This book  showed that Western imperialists' impression of African natives was totally  wrong. I feel that this book taught a valuable lesson by describing the  village of Umuofia and the prud tribesman Okonkwo before and after the  imperialists influenced their culture. This was not particularly  interesting to me, but on an educational level, it did provide another  point of view to the common stereotype of the African natives before they  were \\"enlightened\\" by Western culture. My recommendation for this book  would be: choose another book if you want easy, enjoyable reading, but if  you would like to learn the truth about a noble culture
B000001G6W|5.0|Karajan's 1977 account of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony is, in my humble opinion, the best stereo version of this masterpiece on record.  It is far superior to Karajan's later digital version and even beats out his earlier  1962 account.  One of the reasons for its superiority is the magnificent  Adagio, which Karajan slows down (as compared to his earlier effort) to  emphasize its glowing tranquility.  The playing of the Berlin Philharmonic  is magnificent throughout and the vocal quartet is likewise excellent.   Special recognition should go to Jose van Dam, who gives one of the finest  performances I have heard.  I personally have several versions of this work  in my collection.  This one is my favorite.  Highly recommended!
B000002H4Q|5.0|I recently bought this album and found it to be so deep and relatable. Robert Smith captures the wide spectrum of human emotion on this album very well!  It makes you want to cry, laugh and sometimes get up and dance! I  consider it a must have for any musical collector. Buy this if you don't  have it!  It's beautiful and unique and is the work of musical genius
B000002A73|1.0|Let me first say that this album is not without artistic merit.  Some of the lyrics and even some of the music strike chords.  I can even appreciate the album's themes, dealing as they do with the decline of Western  Civilization.    That said, I find this album excruciating to listen to.   Let's face it, Roger Waters was never a vocal marvel even back in his  heyday with Pink Floyd.  But at least back then he WAS capable of carrying  a tune (well, usually...).  Alas, this ability has seemed to have departed  him entirely. How on earth could anyone, especially those weaned on the  melodic splendour of Pink Floyd, listen to Water's dry, cracking, out of  tune instrument and be entertained?  As much as I love Pink Floyd, and as  much I truly admire Water's song-writing talents, this album is a clunker.   Get over yourself, Roger, and get back together with David Gilmour.  I  daresay you need him a whole heck of a lot more than he needs you.
B000003TA4|1.0|This album is horrible; you people quit praising it.  I could get up there and scream my lungs out also.  Why does everybody love Cobain?  You should all listen to Pearl Jam and get enlightened.  I listened to these guys  before, but Eddie Vedder taught me the real ways.  There are just mindless  chords here and a guy screaming about how miserable his life is.  Some  people like that for some reason.  Mike McCready and Stone Gossard are  better guitarists than Cobain ever was.  If you don't believe me, Rolling  Stone just called Pearl Jam the seventh greatest rock band of all time and  Nirvana wasn't in the Top Ten.  Buy Pearl Jam's &quot;Vitalogy&quot;.  At  least Vedder still makes music and faced his problems instead of being a  coward and blowing his brains out.  Sorry people, diss me if you want, but  that's the way it is and you know it.<br />P.S.  Don't you dare say all Vedder  does is scream about how miserable he is; listen to &quot;Yield&quot; and  &quot;No Code&quot; and you'll see that's not the case.
6305750750|5.0|First, I hate it when I read reviews that attempt to evaluate a movie to see if it has some wonderful moral or social message to send.  I say HOGWASH.  I choose to evalute a movie for what it is, and in the case of  The Phantom Menace, it is a Science Fiction movie that precedes the  original StarWars Trilogy.<br />First, as the movie open with the famous:  &quot;A long time ago in a galaxy far far away....&quot;, then the  thundering Star Wars score I instantly reverted back to a 13 boy {I am now  36} with chills moving up my spine as I emerge myself into this wonderful  Science Fiction movie.<br />Some of the things that I bring back from the move  is how good I felt when I left the theater.  I particularly like the way  certain things were assumed that you already knew like the Jedi-Knights.   They never had to explain who they were because we already knew.  I really  enjoyed the continuity from that aspect.  <br />I thought that the charaters  interacted with each other very well which helped to move the story along  smoothly.  I found the FX outstanding.  It really kept me on the edge of my  seat with the pod race and the light-saber battles.  The villians were  extremely well done and I was particularly please to see the original  emperor from revenge of the Jedi return to the Phantom Menace.<br />In a  nutshell Was it a great Sci-Fi Movie?...Yes! Did I feel good after it was  over?....Yes.. Would I go see it again?...yep (3 times in fact) Should you  buy the tape?....yes (but only because Lucas is being a weenie about  releasing it to DVD}
038097617X|4.0|&quot;Watermelon&quot; is one of those &quot;feel good&quot; books.  Claire's husband James is being a real jerk so she and baby Kate leave London to go to Dublin to stay with their family. Claire finds living with  her parents and two younger sisters proves to be difficult after being on  her own.  Then Adam comes into the picture and Claire's whole life gets  turned upside down.  Adam has to be the best thing that ever could happen  to Claire.  This book is so good that I read it in 2 days.
0780628551|1.0|Attempted to watch this on DVD, but it never started properly. <br />All we could access was a semi-documentary about two low-energy (read no-energy) individuals who OH-SO-SLOWLY start to distrust each other since the male  half of the &quot;dynamic&quot; duo (and I use dynamic in it's un-purest  form) seemed to have been posest by a &quot;jelly-fish  wanna-be  audio-morph intent on building silly airplanes&quot;. <br />This went on for  about 110 minutes too long, which leads me to believe that they couldn't  fit the movie on the DVD also. Too bad, I was really looking forward to  this one.
B000002KET|4.0|Always one of the most adventurous metal bands, this was a big departure from their original sound of power trio with lead vocalist. Piano &amp;organ (Rick Wakeman played on this)  are added to the stew. Ozzy  played synth on &quot;Who Are You&quot; the first tune he wrote alone.  Orchestration appears on &quot;Spiral Architect&quot;, my personal  favorite. The title cut is one of their heaviest classics with it's  unforgettable riff from the master Tony Iommi. Always loved the flute in  &quot;Looking For Today&quot;. I think of this album as the beginning of  phase two where the bigger recording adventure begins. You could argue  though that Master Of Reality and Volume 4 had their experimental moments,  but I think the production was turned up a notch on this one.As a high  schooler I bought this on 8-track back in ' 79 and was a little mystified.  The Sabbath I knew before ( I had Paranoid) was just simple guitar crunch  that provided me with my basic knowledge of guitar playing. In my more  mature years I grew to appreciate this album more.
B00002NDB1|3.0|This CD offers the listener a menagerie of opinions throughout all the tracks.  It starts out good with Futureal and a really great song called The Angel and The Gambler.  The other great song on this CD is The  Clansmen.  Unfortunately, the rest of the songs are equally as bad as the  previous songs were good!   Blaze Bayley was so uneven on this CD, it make  me wonder if he had voice problems?  With a mix of good songs and bad, this  can only be given an average rating of 3 stars.  COME ON GUYS!  UP THE  IRONS!
0790740443|3.0|I've seen a million straight to video sci fi flicks.  The only difference between those and Soldier is bigger explosions and an excellent performance by Kurt Russell.  Russell is Sergeant Todd, trained from birth to be the  ultimate soldier, who becomes obsolete with the introduction of a new breed  of bio-enhanced soldier.  In a test of abilities, Russell is defeated by  Jason Scott Lee (who's been better) and dumped on a garbage planet where he  finds a small community of families fending off intense sudden bursts of  winds.  Russell is very good as an incredibly disciplined soldier who's  understanding of human emotion is non-existant.  Throughout the course of  the movie, he begins to understand the sensitivities of normal people, but  the community leaders decide he poses too much of a threat through his  warrior ways to live with them.  No sooner does this happen, then the  community is raided by the military, bio-enhanced soldiers included.  So  it's up to Russell to protect the people relying on his tried and true  combat savvy.  The explosions are bigger than in other sci-fi flicks, and  Russell's buff physique certainly fits the role, but overall, just a less  bland than most B-movie, with an A performance from Russell.  As a matter  of fact, he's why I give the movie three stars instead of 2.
6305014140|5.0|If you watch ninja scroll for the first time ,you will realise that all others do not compare. I have seen it 11 times and it just gets better. A small piece of advice do not watch ninja scroll untill you have seen the  others first or you will be displeased that you did.Nothing compares to  ninja scroll.
B00000IP2L|2.0|while i love Zakk Wylde and his musical integrity and passion, i've even grown to resent those that carry a chip on their shoulder because of things out of their control. there's no question of his talent as anyone knows,  but this album isn't half as musical as Pride and Glory or Book of Shadows.   P&amp;G showed his amazing jamming aspect on top of good songs.  But, BLS  song structures are lacking---if not &quot;sonically&quot;(no pun intended  on Sonic Brew) Bored to Tears is a decent tune, but from there it's just  pissy music. I believe his live shows suffered(why does he have another  guitarist with him? ) not only from the negativity of the album and his  character on stage, but the high volume caused it to be lacking musically  all the more. I love Zakk Wylde, but i hope his next step actually spells  &quot;MUSIC&quot; I want another P&amp;G or something that suits Zakks  strong points.
0679746048|5.0|I loved this book, and finish it within two days. A very nice piece of literature, I haven't got to see the movie yet, so i read the book first. I enjoyed the depth and sofistication the book brought to light. How anyone  can relate to the thoughts of this writer.
0679746048|5.0|All I can say is that this book was extremely well written. A very interesting view of a situtation/condition that so many people have to deal with throughout life....some have yet to even diagnose their illness. I  found this book very educating....an eye-opener for people that have at  some point in there life felt confused,worthless, helpless, &amp; of course  &quot;crazy&quot;. Even with the reality of the illnesses portrayed in this  book, comes a great bit of humor that keeps the story alive and funny.  Great book! (Good movie too)
B00003CWL6|5.0|Bought by Steven Spielberg for Dream Works Pictures, the screenplay of &quot;American Beauty&quot; was given to the British director Sam Mendes (this is his first movie) with just one condition: &quot;Don't change even  a line&quot;. Result: the movie is being acclaimed by American and  international press and, due to its favoritism (American Beauty is the  winner of three important Golden Globes: best screenplay, director and  picture), it is being considered the motion picture that will probably win  the Oscar for best picture of the year. &quot;American Beauty&quot; is one  of those unusual motion pictures, that eventually come up to show that the  industry of American Cinema is not restricted to commercial productions to  be consumed by the public, without any sense of criticism.<br />It is a  narrative, which constantly sways between comedy and drama, starring Kevin  Spacey and Annette Bening, that concerns the appearances of our lives,  based on the relationship of a suburban American family. What the movie try  to and does demonstrate is that, in fact, nothing is what appears to be.  (that is why the movie tagline &quot;... look closer&quot; makes sense) In  &quot;American Beauty&quot;, almost all the characters pretend or seem to  be what they really don't are. All except Lester Burnham, performed by  Kevin Spacey, who, with nothing to lose, do vanish all appearances,  starting to behave like a teenager, as a try to escape from the familiar  coma. Slowly, this brilliant story discard the apparent American beauty.  There is no more American way of life, there is just life. And the beauty  is found in the most ordinary things of life. We just need to look closer.  And this is the essence of the movie, this is what makes it an excellent  American film, with excellent screenplay, direction and  performances.<br />Hollywood makes history with &quot;American Beauty&quot;,  marking a time of turning its attention to more mature and better written  scripts. Now, it is going to be perfect if the public accepts this new  style of American movie and start to face cinema as an art and not a mere  entertainment. So, take a look! We don't see a film like this every time we  go to the movies.is going to be perfect if the public accepts this new  style of American movie and start to face cinema as an art and not a mere  entertainment. So, take a look! We don't see a film like this every time we  go to the movies.
6304039506|5.0|I'm a little late, but I read the response from  &quot;A Viewer From Los Angeles&quot; to Rolf Seluchins re: a letterboxed version of Streetcar.  &quot;Viewer&quot; states that the aspect ratio of 1.37:1 was standard for  this film.  However, on Turner Classic Movies last night (3/4/00), they  showed a letterboxed version.  What gives?  I, like Rolf, would like this  version, not the fullscreen.  Can anyone offer any insight?
0440219078|4.0|Turning twleve in any normal world would just be another birthday, but in the novel The Giver, Jonas is about to experience the the biggest day of his life. Living in a perfect community with no pain, hunger, color, or  differences between anything, Jonas is given his &quot;Assignment&quot; for  the rest of his life. He is given the job that is highly respected in his  community, the Reciever of Memory. As he recieves memories from an old man,  known as The Giver, he begins to realize that his community is not so  perfect and everything seems to be an act. He begins to feel out of place  because he doesn't agree with the rules and assignments the community  gives. But he can't leave his family and friends that he has been with his  whole life. Or can he? He decides he has to do something and fast. As the  novel ends it gets confusing and hard to understand. This novels is very  similar to Brave New World, but in The Giver, author Lois Lowry just keeps  you wondering, what if?
0792151712|1.0|Not only is this film an insult to those that survived the TITANIC diasaster, but the film itself is a tradgedy to mankind. The least they could do is make it slightly realistic (the most intelligent line in the  whole film must be &quot;we have to stay on the ship as long as  possible!&quot;...obviously they didn't notice the ship was sinking) <br />The  plot is essentially this; Romeo and Juliet on a boat. Rich girl meets  young, poor guy. They fall in love, have an affair (behind the back of her  fiancee), ship sinks (to the surprise of many!) and Leonardo Dicaprio  becomes Leonardo Dicap-sicle. Trust someone who is a major film buff; THIS  FILM IS NOT A CLASSIC.
0899663036|5.0|Betty Smith's ATGIB is an astounding masterpiece. The novel is a collection of life stories and hardships that will never be forgotten.  This storie of Francie, a young girl who lives her life in Brooklyn, New  York, in poverty and coming from a fairly uneducated family and overcoming  hardships such as starvation and drunkeness, and suffering losses like the  death of her Father.  You come to love each character as if they lived in  your life. Her mother Katie, is well displayed as a strong hold who keeps  the family together. She is a strong character who should be admired for  her courage. Her father, Johnny, however, isn't as strong, and with his  drinking and then his death he fades from the story line.  This book is  completely relatable. Smith wrote with an uncanny knowing as if she had  actually lived each and every event.   WE would recommend this book to  anyone and everyone. It has a little bit of everything... danger, romance,  family, history, struggle, suspense. To read this book is to read about  life and is as close as you can get to actually living it.
B000002KBU|5.0|Joni invented female singer songwriters. Sounds a big thing to say, but she did. Hendrix invented heavy metal (booo) and Joni invented, errrr, everyone! One thing I've noticed about old records I own, as much as I may  like them, most of them sound, well,old. Not this one. You can't tell when  it was released. She moves from incredibly complex lyrical adventures (A  Case of You) to catchy pop songs (Carey) taking in two of the saddest and  most moving songs in history (Little Green and River) along the way. Buy  this album. If you have this album and like it, I may know some other music  you haven't heard but would like. Visit my member page.
B00000IOSU|4.0|Not to take anything away from Sarah McLachlan, she's a wonderful musician.  Sure, it's a very nice album, but live albums don't seem to be that great, and this is no exception.  I'd only recommend buying this if  you are a die-hard Sarah fan.  Otherwise, you may feel as though you are  wasting your money.  But if you're interested in getting the songs on this  album, go get the original releases because they sound much better and also  come with many other great songs.
B000002U82|5.0|Everybody has heard about the Wizard of Oz trick and it is because it is the Wizard of Oz. At the end of &quot;Eclipse&quot; as the pulse is fading out turn up your CD player all the way (Works better with headphones) and  you can actually hear part of the Wizard of Oz movie. Finally the truth is  exposed!
B00003CXBK|5.0|This Miyazaki movie is for keeps! This is one of the few anime films from the many I have seen, that I will give a full 5 stars.  You must give yourself a chance to see this movie at least once.  I will definitely buy  this DVD when it comes out.  Plot is set in ancient mythological Japan  where humans clash with humans and damages the environment.  Great story,  beautiful animation, very strong character development.  Lots of action.   You will see that a lot of work went into this film.  Too bad, I can't  recommend this for kids for all ages, maybe around 15 yrs up, but you  parents will be the final judge.  No nudity, but there are quite a few  blood and violent scenes (such as beheading). Don't get me wrong, the story  does not really focus on the violence.  Watch it and you will know what I  mean.<br />I sure hope the other Miyazaki Anime will be released on DVD soon!   (Kiki's Delivery Service, My Neighbor Totoro, Nausicaa, etc...)
0790729652|5.0|A great movie. This is an extremely close second to Batman Returns, and the DVD definitly does the movie justice - except I wish that the notes were filmed. The possibilities there, seeing Tim Burton, Michael Keaton,  and Jack Nickolson would have been a great touch.
B0000024SD|5.0|I've loved Dylan from a kid, and this might be his best ever. The songs manage to combine lyrical complexity with hooks, they will stick in your mind for ever, and some of the subject matter is really weird. There are  lines in almost every song which you will be repeating til you die. If you  like this too, have a look at my member page, I might be into some other  things you've never heard of!
B00003CWPR|5.0|It always amused me when people who saw this film called it 'pointless' or 'stupid,' as though Stanley Kubrick was not more intelligent than the average moviegoer.<br />Like many other great classics, Eyes Wide Shut, with  its many layers of themes and visual symbolism, was completely shunned by  people who didn't give it the viewing attention it deserved.  This is a  film to be studied, not simply watched.  Is that a pretentious remark?   Potentially, but as I watched this film, which was deliciously slow-paced,  my mind was still racing, trying to keep up with what Kubrick was  presenting on the screen.<br />I cannot wait to receive this DVD so that I can  provide myself with more attempts to truly understand and appreciate  Kubrick's final cinematic vision.
B000035Z2L|5.0|This movie blew my mind.  I totally expected it to be another teensploitation movie, like She's All That or something like that, but it was intelligent, witty and actually sweet.  If I didn't know any better, I  could see this movie getting away with being a chick flick.  I think teen  guys and girls will like it.  It's not as gross as everyone says.
0792140923|5.0|Forrest Gump is the most inspirational film of all time. It is my favorite film by far just for that reason. It's unfortunate that some people can't see the importance of this movie. When I'm going through some personally  problems Forrest Gump is one of the things I refer to to get through it. A  lot of people might ask why do you feel this way, it's very simple, Forrest  lacks things that most are all born with; fear, and dwelling on the past.  If Forrest had a conversation with someone on these subjects he wouldn't  understand why someone would ask such questions. Why, because he doesn't  get it, he doesn't get those kind of things, he doesn't even think about  it. It's these things, fear and dwelling, that get in our way of really  living. But I don't want to explore that point since there are so many  points to discuss in this movie, more each time I watch it. Forrest Gump is  narrated by Forrest himself so you really don't see or understand the  effect he has on others, particially on leutenant Dan and Jenny. I could  probably write about 100 pages about this movie so I have to sum things up  fast. Ok I will try really fast. Forrest is about nothing else other than  being REAL,,,, it's unfortunate that most don't understand, I would assume  because they have to be foney in order to succeed in this world. This film  is a pure exploration on what any human being in the world can achieve just  as long as they just live, and I mean really live. Very humble, very  caring, very intense, very productive, who in this world is like that? No  one. A lot of people strive to be this because they know this is the key to  unlocking life, you can't know who you are until you really start to live.  This is the most amazing story ever if you can just see it, I wish  everybody could get out of this movie that I did, it would change your  life.
0441003257|4.0|Terry Pratchet has done it again. He has written another rib-tickling novel, as good as his books about the `Ring-World'. And this time helped by another great British writer, Neal Gaiman, famous for his comic-books and  novels published by DC Comics.<br />The book `Good Omens', is a good way to  analyse the professional career of these authors, because the novel has a  lot of coincidences with their previous works.<br />In the case of Terry  Pratchet, he continues doing spoofs of others books and films. In the  Ring-World  novels, he parodies the fantasy books and in `Good Omens' the  horror ones. In fact, the whole book is a big joke about the Armageddon and  Judgement Day, because the plot is two friends (an angel and a demon)  trying to avoid the End of the World, which will be caused by a  ten-year-old English boy.<br />At the other hand, you can notice the touch of  Neal Gaiman in his continuos references to other books or songs (for  example, `Bohemian Rapsody' of Queen is the song which uses the  Devil to  communicate with his subordinates) and the way the supernatural characters  behave, very far from the traditional point of view.<br />But the book has  flaws too. The final chapter is less funnier and good than the rest of the  novel and a bit too long.
630575067X|5.0|Star Wars Episode 1 is an awesome display of special affects.  Especially during the pod race.  However, it seems that Lucasfilm took more time making it groundbreaking graphically, but didn't spend enough time  directing it like the others.  The trilogy was awesome when it was made and  the Special Edition is awesome now.  Episode 1 is still really cool, but  not as well done as the original trilogy, as far as directing goes.  Also,  by adding Jar Jar, who is a part comical/part stupid character, they are  aiming Episode 1 toward younger viewers, making it a little boring for  older viewers.  It am glad that it does not have any bad content, but I  wish it wasn't quite as &quot;cute&quot;.  The original didn't have much  bad content, and it was still very enjoyable to people of all ages.   Episode 1's Jar Jar can get pretty annoying to the older viewers, and the  comic relief provided by Jar Jar is pathetic compared to that of Han Solo.   However, I still give Episode 1 five stars because it is true Star Wars  material and a must own for any Star Wars enthusiast.
6304078102|5.0|For any music lover this movie is a real treat. I have been someone who has been inspired by my music teacher so this movie really hits home. It's a beautiful, tear jerking movie done to absolute perfection.
1559409010|5.0|Born the very same night asJesus,Brian has many of thesame experiences as that very famous messiah! Along the waywe find out that the peoplein the back row at the sermonof the mount misunderstoodJesus,they could't hear  himvery well back there! The Greek shall inherit the earth!Oh! It's the  meek,how nice,they're having a hell of a hard time,they deserve  theearth,don't you think? PoorBrian doesn't want to be amessiah,but denial  is a &quot;true&quot;sign of divinity.What chancedoes this give Brian? This  isone silly movie on the surface,and the underlyingmessage is begging to  beheeded!See why....The deletedscenes and home movies of the cast are  indespensible Python!The extras in this package areworth far more than the  fewextra bucks it costs over theordinary version of the film.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Brilliant beyond compare - every track is different and somehow every one manages to soar.  Work out 2 it, drive 2 it, write 2 it, party 2 it - whatever.  It's a beautiful, wide-ranging work from a wonderfully talented  individual - if you don't have it, for god's sake go get it.
B00001ZULV|3.0|I like many Genesis tracks, but would rate their sound as very commercial and dated.  I am aware of their music from the 70's which is of a more unique sound but you won't find much of that on this CD.  The 'Invisible  Touch' album received wide coverage on this compilation, and the singles  from it weren't necessarily their best tracks, such as 'In too Deep' and  the radio overkilled titled track.  Still, there are some great moments on  the compilation with the brilliant 'Follow you, follow me' and 'Mama'.    'Mama' was only a minor hit in Australia but it deserved better back in  1983.  Like other reviewers, it would have been nice to see some more Peter  Gabriel tracks on this compilation.  Perhaps the record companies could  release an anthology in the future.
6302468027|5.0|This movie is the classic example of best friends. It's a movie to warm the heart, and a movie to watch by yourself or with friends and family.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Galaxy Quest is the funniest movie of the year! It's aknock-off of Star Trek. The fun begins at a Galaxy Quest Convention withhoardes of fans dressed as aliens or federation officers...Sounds familar,eh? Wheather you love or hate Star Trek the premise here is hilarious.The fun gets into high gear when some real-to-life aliens show up at the convention. Best alien type comedy since MIB!
B000023VR6|4.0|Although not as good as the Chronic one of my favorite Cd's.  I gotta say that this album would be the best album so far this year. The only thing negative I would say is he could of left some of those 22 tracks and  excerpts out but I liked all the appearances.  You never like all the songs  on a Cd anymore because just face it rap is not the same as it used to be:  For the peeps saying go get Jay-Z, vol#3 shouldn't even get that much props  cuz Dre. is truly one of the greatest rappers and Face it the two can't  even be compared give props where they belong he's the best producer and  rapper of all time to me!   Go buy the album and just do like any other  person and skip the songs you don't like, there aren't a lot so yo money  won't go to waste.  Remember don't hate becuz we all grew up on the music  don't get all grown now and try to forget those days.....<br />And Dre.,  I  ain't forgot about you.
0060194995|5.0|I first read this book at age 12. In high school I read it two more times, for class assignments, and have read it again since then. my copy is worn out, so I am buying a hardcover copy, and am sure it will get plenty of  use. This is a classic story, and one of the best books ever(my favorite),  and i will never get tired of reading it.
B00004RE7C|4.0|I found this movie to be quite interesting.  It had a little humour, and some good drama, and action scenes.  It is hard to undstand on exactly how Spock still lives, but it all works out quite well.  Christopher Loyd plays  a Klingon Villian in a good preformance.  This film is not better than Star  Trek 2, but is more than worth watching.
B000005L86|5.0|I got this a few years ago and was speechless the first time I heard it, and the second time, and the third time and..<br />You like Bob Marley.   You think, because you like Marley, that you are a HUGE reggae fan. Uh huh.. I  think you need to buy this CD.  I LOVE Bob, but I think you're going to  agree with me: this is it! This is the greatest reggae music ever recorded.  I must have listened to it thousands of times, but I still can't get over  how melodically sweet this is.<br />BUY IT!
6305622825|2.0|There are three kinds of non-simpletons who will like this movie:  huge, nondiscerning Sean Connery fans; males who have a crush on Catherine Zeta Jones; and die hard fans of action adventure movies.  However, if you are  looking for a movie with a clever plot that makes sense or skilled acting,  you will need to look elsewhere.<br />The plot of this movie has a very  unsatisfying, implausible ending that basically seems like the writer just  ran out of good ideas an hour too soon.  The interactions between Connery  and Jones are just too forced and lacking in chemistry; the famous/infamous  laser training scene exploits Jones' attactiveness, but there is little  else during the beginning and middle of this movie to keep an average  viewer's interest.<br />Connery does a standard job here with his acting,  meaning that he does it quite competently and his charisma shines through  the dull script, but this is essentially an amalgam of his more mediocre  roles.  Jones, however, is very stiff and does an average high school drama  club level of acting.  Her struggle to conquer an American accent pretty  much saps all of her thespian skills and she gives the impression of being  a non-actor trying to break in to the movie business.  <br />Although this is  a bit of a cliche, any of the old Bond films would probably be more  entertaining than this one.
0800177975|5.0|This is a GREAT, GREAT movie. Swollowed up in &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; fever in 1993, this funny ,clever send-up of hollywood and action films never got the attention due such a fantastic movie!
0800132335|4.0|The many glowing reviews of this movie disregard the fact that, while &quot;Das Boot&quot; is surely  a magnificently crafted depiction of life aboard a German U-boat during World War II, the screenplay is dangerously  awash with genre cliches. Excellent photography and powerful acting do not  compensate for the feeling that we have seen all of this before. With  nothing new to chew on, we are left instead to savor the spectacle. And a  staggering spectacle it is. Director Wolfgang Petersen makes a very good  action movie, and action is all we have in &quot;Das Boot&quot;. It is no  surprise to learn that he went on to direct &quot;In the Line of Fire&quot;  and &quot;Air Force One&quot;. Highly recommended, but &quot;Das Boot&quot;  is not the classic it could have been.
0709058764|5.0|I am a middle-schooler who has an immense interest in violinmaking.  I am currently carving a scroll by myself with no guidance except this book.  I have never seen this done or anything.  And this book is wonderful.  If this book can tell a middle-schooler who had no experience in woodworking  how to make a scroll, it can tell anybody how to carve a violin!
6302732875|5.0|GLENGARRY GLEN ROSS is a masterpiece of writing and performance.  From Pacino and Lemmon to Arkin and Harris, this is not only a superbly written yarn, it's also comic genius.  Baldwin's scene is a thing of beauty and I  quote it often.  &quot;These are the Glengarry leads, and to you they're  gold, and you don't get them.&quot;  Full of typical David Mamet prose,  this is clearly one of the best &quot;actors&quot; films to ever come  along.  WHERE IS THE DVD for this movie?  Am I the only person waiting for  it?
B00003OSSL|2.0|This is the classic case of a big budget movie, with no script. The acting, cinematography, production and initial premise were all superb; but the script was as empty as one could possibly imagine. I was insulted by  the sub-plot (&quot;Dutch A Cop on the Edge&quot;), it was like they were  trying to distact men from noticing how bad the rest of the plot was.   Also, there was NO romantic chemistry between the two leads (it was like  watching two robots kiss).
B00002E23H|1.0|What is Hollywood coming to when this is the best they can do?   I have seen some exceptionally bad movies, but this tops them all.  I mean, goodness, with all the money they have, you would at least think that they would have decent special effects. It looked like they bought a cheap  rubber toy from Sea World and flailed it around for two miserable hours.   And that doesn't even begin to describe the horrible acting, and the total  unlikelihood of the whole situation.  I would have given it two stars if  they had just killed everyone out of mercy in the first 10 minutes, but no,  we had to watch them run around like caged, drunken rats for what seemed  like eternity.  The only character I even remotely liked was the cook.
B00003CWPR|2.0|Kubrick's last film does have some merit as far as story line with special emphasis on a suspensful plot.  However, the chemistry between Nicole and Tom is virtually nonexistant.  They really seem to do better with their  performances apart from each other.  The middle of the film is filled with  mystery and intrique and will hold your attention.  The story is based on a  surrealistic theme of immoral sex and debauchery and if you can overlook  the disappointing climax and wade through the scenes in which Tom and  Nicole overact, you will enjoy the film.  This is definitely not for  children 17 or younger but a non prudish wife could enjoy it with you!
B000002NG7|5.0|The title sounds a bit cocky, but after 1 listen, you'll believe this aptly titled CD. A burst of sound you'll wish would go on forever, never a yawn.  It'll be over before you know it. Awesome!
0790741164|2.0|I saw this movie in the theaters for its original release and have seen it a few times over the years since then.  Being something of a paranoid leftist myself, I might be inclined, out of sheer desire to believe the  worst of our government and &quot;the military-industrial complex,&quot;  that this movie is A Good Thing  because it is such a watchable film, with  great characters, mostly great acting (Costner, of whom I'm usually a fan,  lagging behind his costars here), beautiful score, incredible directing and  a very compelling story.<br />But it's my opinion that this movie is in fact a  Bad Thing, because it is such a transparent distortion of history.  I think  it's irresponsible for a filmmaker who is doing a movie about a specific  historical event to allow his own passions and prejudices to totally  distort that history.  I believe our government has done some brutal,  brutal things.  Some behind closed doors and some right out in the open.   But in this case, it's really hard to argue government involvement, if you  know the facts.  I urge you to try and find them for yourselves, don't  depend on this movie to teach them to you, because this movie is NOT an  accurate portrayal of history, it's Oliver Stone's somewhat obvious and  recurring pathology of the two fathers conflict that i've notice crop up in  at least three of his movies....Barnes and Elias in Platoon, Michael  Douglas and Martin Sheens' characters in Wall Street and now Kennedy and  LBJ in JFK.  I think Stone dangerously simplifies history in this movie  with his idolization of JFK and his demonization of LBJ and his portrayal  of a vast sentient conspiracy within the federal government.  Again, not to  deny that such conspiracies exist and do evil, for I feel that they do.   But not in this case.<br />Go read &quot;Case Closed&quot; by Gerald Posner  (an independent author with no ties to the Government) and tell me I'm  wrong.<br />So the point of this review is that I feel that all of these other  reviewers who, in their praise for JFK, blithely gloss over the fact that  it's not historically accurate either don't understand just how incredibly  inaccurate the movie really is or seem to be missing the point that it's  dangerous and irresponsible to portay history as anything other than as  accurate as can possibly be done.  Oliver Stone clearly didn't do that  here.  The Jim Garrison case was a disgraceful fiasco that ruined the  reputations and lives of innocent men and has since been historically  discredited.  Maybe I'm making too much of this point, but I'm only doing  so because I haven't seen anyone else in all these reviews really mention  it at all.
B000002L99|5.0|Back in 1986 a neighborhood friend of mine gave me the \\"5150\\" cassette -- he hated it. I immediately loved it, and so began the segregation of Van Halen fans in either the David Lee Roth or Sammy Hagar camp.<br /><br />To be sure, I like Roth-era Van Halen as well, but what's not to love about an album like \\"5150?\\" Most of the songs on it rock, and every single one is catchy and very good. The guys all sound rejuventated and raring to go, perhaps more musically well-rounded than before. The production is pumped up and pristine, with searing, creative guitar work by Eddie, spot-on drumming by his brother and heartfelt vocals by Hagar. I always felt this album was an instant VH classic, and that feeling hasn't changed all these years later. Sure, there may be a touch of '80s cheese sprinkled here and there, and some of the songs are more pop-oriented than before, but again, so what? Overall, \\"5150\\" is a nine-song gem that should be included in everyone's rock 'n' roll collection.<br /><br />Play this one loud!
B000031XCR|4.0|This is the first Celine CD I have ever bought. And I am glad I waited, because it has all her hits in one CD! I am absolutely amazed with the song &quot;Then You Look At Me&quot;. I listen to it every day and WILL have it  played at my wedding. This is a great easy listening CD, which I am not a  big fan of, but appreciate it all the same. Good Job, Celine!
6300215814|5.0|Audrey Hepburn has never been better than she is in this film. 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' is a classic charming tale of eccentric city girl Holly Golightly (Hepburn)who is so stubborn to remain independent that she  refuses to fall in love. But Paul, aka 'Fred' (George Peppard)moves in near  Holly and soon turns her life upside down. Along with memorable characters  such as Holly's cat named Cat, her 'agent', Sally Tomato in Sing Sing  Prison, and overly-characterized Japanese landlord (Mickey Rooney), this  film is uplifting and sweet. Even if you're not crazy about Hepburn, or the  story, watch it for Hepburn's gorgeous wardrobe, in which she defined 'the  little black dress'.
B00000IIXH|3.0|It's not the quality of this cd that I have a problem with, it's that they first released a full price four-cd box set of outtakes - and only months later did they release a single cd &quot;best of&quot; version - a version  that has three songs that weren't on the original four-cd set. <br />Two big  problems here: Number one, show a little respect for your fans and let them  make an informed choice right up front - do they want to get the single-cd  version or the four-cd version (as was done with the recent John Lennon  release). Number two - if the three songs left off the four-cd version were  among the highlights, why on earth were they left off the four-cd version?  (Are the dedicated fans actually expected to buy both versions in order to  get the 3 missing songs?) And - if the 3 songs are nothing special, then  what are they doing on the &quot;highlights&quot; version?<br />I know in this  grand scheme of things this is awfully unimportant. I also know no one in  music has consistently shown a greater respect for his fans than Bruce. But  this appears to be a cynical move by a greedy record company and Bruce  should have put a stop to it.
B000022TSF|5.0|My favorite movie is LA CONFIDENTIAL.  After seeing this it is a tie.  I loved it it was a great storyline and in the Chandler era of thinking.  You can't beat Jack Nicholson. One of the greatest actors of our time.  He did  a great job.  PICK it up.
B00000AA6C|5.0|While I greatly appreciate it for its superior cinematic qualities, The Sound of Music is also special to me for other reasons. I first saw it as a six-year-old in New Zealand in early 1966; it was the second full-length  feature film that my parents had taken me to see (the first having been  what could be considered its twin, Mary Poppins). My impressions of the  film back then were so vivid that even today I can still remember exactly  what I felt during most of it. I remember seeing the backdrops of Salzburg  and the Alps hugely sprawled across the cinema screen and wondering where  these fantastically beautiful places were, and whether one day I would be  able to see them for myself. My father bought the soundtrack LP, and of  course the songs inevitably became ingrained in my memory. Years later, I  felt the desire to tour Europe, as Australasians do, and was unexpectedly  offered work near Munich. Since then, I have often hiked in the Bavarian  and Austrian Alps and made the day trip from Munich to Salzburg, and, not  surprisingly, my thoughts drifted back to the film that first drew my  attention to the region long ago.<br />When I see SoM today, I am struck by  its epic sweep, stunningly beautiful photography and lighting, those  somehow unforgettable songs, and its intense, sometimes pensive loveliness  and sweetness of tone, something that has become increasingly rare in  modern cinema. True, the film is perhaps a bit too sugary at times, but, in  view of its overwhelming positive attributes, not enough to really matter.  I was surprised to see that it is unavailable to buy in the U.S. just now -  so here are two tips in the meantime for true devotees, just for fun:<br />1)  For the sake of sheer curiosity, try to see the original German film on  which SoM is partially based, Die Trapp Familie (1956). At the least,  excerpts of both this film and its sequel, Die Trapp Familie in Amerika  (1958), are available in the U.S. as a dubbed compilation (which, like the  sequel, I haven't seen), although I strongly suspect a full-length,  subtitled version of the original would be preferable. It is a fascinating  experience to watch this modest, but quite well written and acted,  pleasantly old-fashioned &quot;Heimatfilm&quot; (&quot;heartland&quot;  film), little known abroad, when you know what it helped to inspire. (Georg  Hurdalek, who wrote the screenplay, is given due credit in SoM's opening  titles.) It is very different in style to SoM. Strictly speaking it is not  a true musical, though there are the expected traditional folk songs  instead of Rodgers and Hammerstein. Its tone is much more restrained and  naturalistic, really quite underwhelming by comparison. Many of the  characters, including the children, are different, although some still have  their obvious counterparts in SoM. To be fair, as might be expected, Die  Trapp Familie is more authentically Central European. SoM, while to my mind  far superior and infinitely more spectacular, is unavoidably anglicized to  an extent, with its mostly British or North American actors (manner and  body language!), and, as a musical, its story line is in any case more  stylized. It is especially fascinating to see how many sequences, camera  shots, and even pieces of dialogue in Die Trapp Familie were later used in  SoM with comparatively little modification. The line &quot;When the Lord  closes a door, somewhere he opens a window&quot; (in German) is just one  example, and numerous sequences, including Maria's scenes with the Mother  Abbess, her departure from the Abbey and first meeting with the family, and  the wedding will be instantly familiar to anyone who has seen SoM. In  particular, the scene in which the children come into Maria's bedroom,  frightened by the thunderstorm, is almost identical in both films.<br />If you  see Die Trapp Familie, ponder the bewildering fact that this, if any, and  not SoM, is the film that a great many Germans associate with the story of  the Trapps. Unlike Die Trapp Familie, at the time of its release Germany's  most successful postwar film at the box-office, SoM flopped here and now  never even seems to be shown on national television - presumably, the  Germans were too fond of their own film and couldn't relate to a  &quot;Hollywood remake.&quot; When talking to people here, I have generally  met with the same response: most of whom I've asked (even in Bavaria) had  never even heard of SoM before (!), let alone seen it, although the film is  known to some enthusiasts and to those who have otherwise come across it by  chance, and is occasionally mentioned in the press. Given its truly  universal renown elsewhere, and the Germans' enthusiasm for Hollywood  movies in particular, this is quite remarkable, even considering that  Rodgers and Hammerstein aren't as well known here either. SoM has an  understandably higher profile in neighboring Austria though, since the film  was set and partially made there and draws many tourists to Salzburg each  year. Here, I have shown SoM to a number of unsuspecting German friends who  I thought might enjoy it and have watched their eyes glued to the screen  growing wider and wider and wider and wider and wider... (For some reason,  the puppet theater and the song &quot;Edelweiss&quot; go down particularly  well...)<br />2) The official SoM website is a mine of information, but for an  extra treat, don't miss Angela Cartwright's (Brigitta) own delightful and  very personal website. Look at page 2 of her scrapbook (be sure to click on  &quot;What are the `Sound of Music kids' doing now?&quot;) and her December  1998 news update in particular.<br />I am fond of many different film genres,  but for me, The Sound of Music remains unquestionably one of the most  consistently entertaining, enjoyable, and enduring of all the big Hollywood  classics, despite some excessive sentimentality. Now, it is a fond  childhood memory come back into the present; looks like I'llstill be  watching it when I'm old and gray.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I you do not have this CD yet, go out and get it now!  Its awesome. The First four songs are the best (Around the World, Otherside, Scartissue Parrell Universe) and as well as 'Savior'. On a CD of 15 songs, you'd  expect a lot lousy B-sides, But in my opinion all the songs are good. It  may take a second listining to get used to all the songs, but its worth it.
B00001NFCY|5.0|when i first heard the song : what if&quot; on tv i was all like wow that is a good song, and as a guitar player myself i was set in a trance with the sound the guitarist produced, i was just absolutly amazed. so when i  finally went out and bought the cd i listened to it, i was blown away by  how all the songs just flowed from my stereo and i must say this is one of  the best cds i bought in a while. i reccomend ths anyone who likes awesome  guitarists.
B000002LND|3.0|If you thought you were getting a collection of Madonna's greatest hits, well, think again. Works on this album are trimmed to make room for other deservedly unknown tracks that Louise hoped would become hits. Once again,  we have been had: if you want the songs in thier original form, you must  buy each album seperatly. Experience has made her rich...
0435905252|4.0|Things Fall Apart is an excellent book that introduces the reader to both the African Ibo culture and the struggles of one individual.  This novel opens with the despcription of simple daily life in the village of Umuofia  educating the reader of the primitive daily life in Nigeria at the turn of  the century.  The novel describes the village life as it was before the  white man at all times making the reader aware that their simple village  life is about to change.      The main chracter Okonkwo is a strong warrior  whom possesses all of the villages most repsected attributes.  However, he  is man that struggles with the fear of failiure and uncontrollable anger.   Throughout this novel we see how these qualities lead to self-destruction  in the face of a changing world.  The end of the novel most clearly shows  how severe Okonkwo's destructive nature has become in an unexpected way.       When I first began to read Things Fall Apart I did not understand the  importance of the novel.  As I easily read along I was not understanding  many of the deeper messages that the book was communicating.  I was simply  enjoying the folklore and the simple stories that were told within the  novel.  However, this changed when the novel took a turn from describing  less of the village life and more of Okonkwo's struggles.  It was here that  I began to see all the issues that an African villager might have been  facing and understanding Achebe's message.      Okonkwo was a man that was  faced with the changes brought about with the white man.  Okonkwo feared  the impact that these men might have on future genrations and questioned  whether village life would ever be the same again.  I saw this message as  valid for not only historical analysis but also present day analysis.  We  live in a world, and I live in a country that sees the need for further  colonization and development in foreign countries to offer the natives a  better way of life. However, this novel clearly presented that although a  foreign country might have good intentions they are not always what it best  for the country.  The reason is that the outsiders are never truely  understanding of the culture that existed prior to their arrival and  therefore can never offer what is best for the culture.  In this novel we  see that although the Ibo life was imperfect, with the arrival of the white  man, a war zone of ideologies was created in which neither culture lived  peacefully.      I thoroughly enjoyed my read of Things Fall Apart and  would recommend it to any reader interested in the African culture and  history.  I recommend that, even if some of the descriptions seem rather  dry, stick with it and you will find Achebe's messsage thought provoking  and powerful.
B00003CWPR|5.0|It is really insulting to American intelligence that the last film by possibly the greatest film director ever could be censored   for the sake of what, saving us(?) from about 2 minutes worth of sex?  Gee, thanks.   Youve made my life more wholesome already. :(   Listen Warner Brothers, if  anyone wants to watch sex there are plenty of stores that sell that kind of  thing. Kubrck didnt make sex films, he made ART films. I am absolutely  furious that I, along with other long time Kubrick fans, should be have our  intelligence insulted and freedom of choice denied through needless  censorship of the full vision of Kubrick's final masterpiece, especially  since the rest of the world got to see it!  Anyway, soapbox preaching  aside, I will say that this film, while excellent, is not for everyone.   Many people walked out of the theaters I saw it in, probably because they  expected a pornographic film and a story showed up.  This film deals with  issues of love, lust, and inner-psychosis that we ALL deal with.  Its alot  to digest, and of you're not a Kubrick fan it may seem just flat out boring  as compared to the seemingly endless &quot;cookie-cutter&quot; major studio  releases that offer nothing but eye candy. But, after you view this film,  THINK about the issues presented to you.  Only then will you realize that  there's more to this film then meets the eye.  And if you walk away from  this film having picked up nothing at all, then it is your eyes and your  mind that are shut.
0435905252|4.0|Things Fall Apart is an excellent book that introduces the reader to both the African Ibo culture and the struggles of one individual.  This novel opens with the despcription of simple daily life in the village of Umuofia  educating the reader of the primitive daily life in Nigeria at the turn of  the century.  The novel describes the village life as it was before the  white man at all times making the reader aware that their simple village  life is about to change.      The main chracter Okonkwo is a strong warrior  whom possesses all of the villages most repsected attributes.  However, he  is man that struggles with the fear of failiure and uncontrollable anger.   Throughout this novel we see how these qualities lead to self-destruction  in the face of a changing world.  The end of the novel most clearly shows  how severe Okonkwo's destructive nature has become in an unexpected way.       When I first began to read Things Fall Apart I did not understand the  importance of the novel.  As I easily read along I was not understanding  many of the deeper messages that the book was communicating.  I was simply  enjoying the folklore and the simple stories that were told within the  novel.  However, this changed when the novel took a turn from describing  less of the village life and more of Okonkwo's struggles.  It was here that  I began to see all the issues that an African villager might have been  facing and understanding Achebe's message.      Okonkwo was a man that was  faced with the changes brought about with the white man.  Okonkwo feared  the impact that these men might have on future genrations and questioned  whether village life would ever be the same again.  I saw this message as  valid for not only historical analysis but also present day analysis.  We  live in a world, and I live in a country that sees the need for further  colonization and development in foreign countries to offer the natives a  better way of life. However, this novel clearly presented that although a  foreign country might have good intentions they are not always what it best  for the country.  The reason is that the outsiders are never truely  understanding of the culture that existed prior to their arrival and  therefore can never offer what is best for the culture.  In this novel we  see that although the Ibo life was imperfect, with the arrival of the white  man, a war zone of ideologies was created in which neither culture lived  peacefully.      I thoroughly enjoyed my read of Things Fall Apart and  would recommend it to any reader interested in the African culture and  history.  I recommend that, even if some of the descriptions seem rather  dry, stick with it and you will find Achebe's messsage thought provoking  and powerful.
6301871952|5.0|This is better than the first with a lot more gags and monsterous Gremlins. Gizmo looks more cuter than ever and I hope they can one day make another one...
0784011222|5.0|The Rambo Trilogy is one that has been a favorite of mine ever since I was small.  My mother is a devout Stallone fan, so I got to see many of his atrocious movies.  However, the Rambo series stands out in my mind as some  of his best--the third being my personal favorite.<br />For the time period it  was the ultimate action movie--a story that was meaningful at the time,  nice sequences that display some rather nice visuals(the scene where he  burns out the wound in his side was rather impressive).<br />If you are  looking for a good action movie that will satisfy a boring Saturday night,  then this is the one for you.
630419949X|4.0|The awsome Mr. Schwarzenegger returns in this intelligent thriller packed with action, espionage and biceps. Directed by Chuck Russell (Nightmare on elm st. 3, The Blob, The Mask), ERASER is a cool film. Arnie erases your  past to save your future, and dosen't do a bad job.
6305718911|5.0|I almost didn't rent this film. thought about the lousy reviews and nearly put it back on the shelf at Blockbusters.<br />So Much For Listening To Critics.<br />It is an old school of thought about the real 'religious'  significance of the 'church', and a new one about the truth coming to  light. This film helps that 'new' school of thought along. I can understand  why it was bashed. The Papal is a billion dollar business. No need for  churches? Priest? Great elaborate halls of worship? What will Rome do? God  is in you? <br />In fairness I can see where people picked up on the  exorcist/omen angel, but to dismiss the film as a result of it allows their  organized religious 'slip' to show. <br />If your looking for food for  thought, another option to who is in charge and how, then pick this one  up.If the idea that the church is one big money making fallacy incenses  you, skip this one.<br />Overall it was a good film and it taught me not to  let the critics decide my taste.
0790742705|4.0|This is a kind of classic film now and seems to be shown on TV every Christmas. I really thought the sequel was better, but this is still a treat with some memorable scenes and Gizmo the little cute mogwai has  always been a hit with the little kids.
067158037X|5.0|I have not seen the movie or read the book, but I have just listened to Angela's Ashes on audio cassette.  What a wonderful, funny, sorrowful story.  Being both Catholic and Irish, I can certainly see his world through his words.  His Irish  brogue only adds to the quality of his  story.  I couldn't stop listening until the story was finished - excellent  story- very entertaining, and I can't wait to listen to his next story.
6305776369|3.0|This movie is amusing on it's own, although you will eventually find it annoying if you don't like the SNL skits to begin with.  Having attended Catholic school from grades K-12, however, I found it nothing less than  hillarious!  Maybe it was just the familiar environment of the school she  went to, but I thought it was all very cute and adorable, mostly because it  was well written (for a SNL comedy skit-turned-movie), had a good cast with  great character interaction and chemistry, and the characters were  2-dimensional enough to be funny, but not so much as to become too unreal.   The film has a satisfactory number of unexpected moments of comedy, but I  wouldn't buy it for that reason alone.  I think it's more about Molly  Shannon getting the audience to connect with and like her character so much  that you really care what's going to happen to her.  I recommend renting it  first for 1 night, and then if you liked it as much as I did, add it to  your collection immediately, so you can watch it whenever you're in the  mood!
0385040253|5.0|I have been sailing square riggers for 12 years now and I would not put to sea without my much loved copy of Clifford Ashley's book.  Any person who wants to take themselve's seriously as a knot tier must keep a copy of this  book in their sea bag.  I love Clifford's interesting insights into the  history of knots, his ability to spin a yarn and his sense of humour.  If  it doesn't make you want to meet the man, I'll eat my hat!  I consider this  book my first port of call if I need to learn a new decorative knot for a  project or just to impress landlubbers with my seman's skills.  This book  is salty!  I give it my hearty recommendation to all persons with an  interest in knots but especially to those young souls who are about to make  a life on the sea.  Clifford Ashley's life work is a gift to us all that  and he could not have imagined it's value.
B00000K0DT|5.0|No need to rehash all the reviews - a terrific movie that you will love or hate, but will enjoy discussing in either case. The alternative audio track featuring voiceover by the writer and director makes the DVD the only way  to own this flick.
B00003CXCS|5.0|This is JUST the type of musical the entire family can enjoy. I was really really little when I first saw it, and I have loved it ever since. It has everything a movie/musical needs : an exciting plot, romance, suspense,  danger, humour, sad moments, happy moments, not to mention a splendid  Rodgers and Hammersteins score. It is probably the most memorable musical  ever. Julie Andrews was born to play Maria, and Christopher Plummer did a  superb job portraying the self-righteous Captain Von Trapp, so  good-looking,  so manly. My favourite character is the proud, heartless,  jealous baroness who was portrayed so 'exquisitely' by Eleanor Parker. And  last but by no means the least, the children who were splendid, not to  mention Liesel's lover : Rolfe. My fav. songs are MARIA, SIXTEEN GOING ON  SEVENTEEN &amp; CLIMB EV'RY MOUNTAIN. However, I like MY FAIR LADY &amp;  THE KING AND I more than this, yet I still feel that this was Rodgers and  Hammertsein's greatest triumph. The songs are much nicer in THE KING AND I,  and I prefer Marni Nixon's singing voice to Julie Andrews' for teh simple  reason that it's more 'sweet' and 'smoothe'. I think Marni Nixon plays the  role of Sister Sophia, which reminds me, the Nuns were my other set of fav.  characters, as they are 'typical' nuns. As THE KING AND I and THE SOUND OF  MUSIC are Rodgers and Hammerstein's greatest hits, there's a Julie Andrews  vs Deborah Kerr, Christopher Plummer vs Yul Brynner saga. In any case, THE  KING AND I is more touching than THE SOUND OF MUSIC, and I liked the subtle  Anna/The King romance better than the the Maria/Captain Von Trapp romance.  However, THE SOUND OF MUSIC is rather simmilar to THE KING AND I in many  ways. For instance, THE KING AND I itself is based on a British Governess  who travels to Siam in order to tutor the King of Siam's children, the same  way Maria leaves the Abbes in order to be governess to Captain Von Trapp's  children. Then the conversation between Maria/The House-keeper is rather  like the conversation between Anna/Lady Thiang. The secret love affair of  Liesel/Rolfe is simmilar to Tuptim and Lun Tha's love affair, and Captain  Von Trapp himself is much rather like the self-righetous, arrogant King of  Siam. In addition, the Lonely Goatherd is much rather like the famous  'Small House of Uncle Thomas - Ballet' from THE KING AND I. Plus, Mother  Abbess's advising song CLIMB EV'RY MOUNTAIN resembles Lady Thiang's  SOMETHING WONDERFUL in which she counsels Anna on the King. However, as  much as I like THE KING AND I more than THE SOUND OF MUSIC, it is better  developed than KING AND I, and it will always remain everybody's favourite  family musical, and I'd much rather see THIS than TITANIC any day. The most  important message you can learn from this is that God's Will always leads  one to joy, content and happiness, no matter how difficult and impossible  it may seem as first. The other reviewers are right. On a scale from one to  ten, this musical deserves ELEVEN stars...
B00000JJQK|5.0|First off this album can not touch any beatles album. lennon and Mcartney are in their own universe no one not even Brian Wilson ( and he was great ) comes close. Yes Sgt Pepper was influenced by Pet sounds and it was Pauls  favroite CD; but it just doesn't even compare Revoler was and is a better  written cd and peper is more expermental. This is an awsomw cd and a must  have for anyone but don't thry and dis the beatles with this. Lets keep the  beach boy were they should be.
B000002I99|5.0|Is there a better Alice Cooper album? No way, this is it, there is none better! This album was constructed with real thought and there is not a song out of place. And the trilogy &quot;YEARS AGO, STEVEN and THE  AWAKENING&quot; really make you stop and listen, it is truly haunting. If  you like anything Alice has ever done then this is the album you must add  to your collection
6300181456|4.0|May be short on plot, but if you've never seen Julie Andrews and Mary Tyler Moore tap dance in an elevator, you NEED this movie.  Thoroughly Modern Millie is Thoroughly Enjoyable!
B00002MZ4W|4.0|The first CD was what gave Fiona Apple her ticket to be able to succeed again with another CD,and she has done just that.The words are of past relationsips but they are done in a way that is not dull and boring to  death.This CD has a touch of Heather Nova....Morcheeba with the smooth  beats but there is no mistaking it,it is all Fiona Apple and she is  experimenting with other instruments.Songs like Paper Bag sound like New  Zealands own Bic Runga and is very smooth,whereas  Fast As You Can and  heaps of other tracks are a little more up-beat,damn catchy and stay in  your head for days!It is a great follow up and mighty soulfull! Nice and  full of substance!
6303593135|5.0|This is one of the most refreshingly entertaining french movies of all time. While ground-breaking in it's use of editing, the movie is also refreshingly original in it's story (by Francois Truffaut). Jean Paul  Belmondo is the embodiment of 'coolness' as the anti-hero Michel Poiccard,  even if he is a 'small-time' hood. Jean Seberg is beautiful as his 'cute'  american love interest. While it may not appeal to the general public, film  lovers and insiders will be delighted. Great for sophisticated viewers. One  of the all-time greats. From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 10!
B0000028PL|5.0|Anybody would like this album. Its not too much rock, there are some mellower songs on the album. I can relate tot he songs very much. Recommend this album very highly.
B000002BUY|4.0|I bought this CD after hearing &quot;Vitamin.&quot;  At first, I was kind of dissappointed cause the other songs are so different from &quot;Vitamin.&quot;  However, after listening to the CD over and over, the  songs start growing on you.  The music is VERY hardcore and has some Limp  Bizkit-type rap in some of the songs.  <br />My favorite songs include  &quot;Vitamin,&quot; &quot;New Skin,&quot; &quot;Idiot Box,&quot;  &quot;Glass,&quot; &quot;A Certain Shade of Green,&quot; and &quot;Deep  Inside.&quot;  The other songs are good too, except for &quot;Magic  Medicine.&quot;  &quot;Magic Medicine&quot; has no lyrics but voice clips  patched together... it is definately the worst song on the CD.<br />My only  gripes on S.C.I.E.N.C.E. is that there are too few songs, the songs are too  short, and &quot;Magic Medicine&quot; is simply horrible.  Other than that,  this is a great CD for you punk/hardcore fans.  If you are new to hardcore  stuff, this is a great start.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Am I not hearing something here?  First of all, back in the day Santana could kick out some sweet jams.  His guitar work has always been excellent. What the hell is this though?  Aside from the excellent &quot;Put Your  Lights On&quot;, the rest sounds like either some record exectutives  power-lunch meeting deal signing or Muzak guest starring some guy who  sounds like Carlos Santana.  After winning all those grammys I decided to  borrow this from my girlfriend and honestly I can't hear what all the fuss  is about.  From the first time I heard &quot;Smooth&quot; and &quot;Maria  Maria&quot; I should have known this was going to suck.  Looking over the  credits it seems Carlos had writing credits on about 3 songs which means he  pretty much phoned in a performance, had his name put on it, and sold a  bunch of records with a little help from his &quot;friends&quot;.  You want  a real comeback album that's worth the hype and Grammy attention?  Pick up  Bob Dylan's &quot;Time out of Mind&quot;.  Guess what?  On that one the guy  who has his name on the album cover actually writes and sings the songs he  is playing.  Novel concept these days.
6305076650|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I couldn't believe that anything like this was ever made.  It freaked me out.  But then I watched it again, and again, and again.  Now I am hooked.  Its full of bad acting, over acting, and bad  overacting.  But it is funny as hell.  If you have not seen this SEE  IT!   But watch it more than once and with some people who know it  and know a lot of the audience participation stuff.
B000002UYZ|3.0|You get all your great early Beatles stuff here, that's for sure but come on.  Both cd's together clock in at only about 70 minutes, that's enough for just one cd.  You'd be better off just buying the albums seperately.   I'd recommend Rubber Soul, Revolver, and Help.
B00000269W|5.0|This magnificent &quot;cool&quot; jazz record contains the first appearance of the &quot;new&quot; Coltrane. His playing on the previous Davis records had been promising but a little sloppy, Miles carried those  records. Here he has clearly become Superhuman. Kicking junk might've had  something to do with it according to Miles' autobio. The version of  &quot;Round Midnight&quot; on this record, as great as it is, is arguably  topped by the magnificently beautiful version on the LEGRAND JAZZ record.  So click on over and pick that up if you think perfection can't be improved  on.
0790733226|5.0|CONTACT is one of the most thoughtful and compelling science fiction films ever made.  Everyone involved is working at the top of their game, from Zemeckis, who covered some of these ideas before in the delightfully silly  BACK TO THE FUTURE series, to the performers, who are each exceptional and  truly moving.  Jodie Foster once again plays a loner, with a deep wound she  must heal, and McCounaghey, who has never been more appealing, plays the  insightful spiritual man who loves her.  If you are looking for cheap  thrills and lots of action, CONTACT is not necessarily your sci-fi; you  will not be disappointed by the mind-boggling effects and surprisngly  sublime alien encounter(s), but this movie has a lot more on its smart  mind.  The experience of CONTACT is emotional on every level, from the  petty games people in power play, to the grief we feel over the loss of  loved ones, to the difficulty each of us has in making that one true  connection with someone we love.  I for one cannot get enough of CONTACT.   One for the ages.
B000002C1X|4.0|So you've heard about the great acid rock band Pink Floyd, and decided to give them a whirl.  Among the selection you would probably see would be Animals, Atom Heart Mother, Wish You Were Here, Delicate Sound of Thunder,  DSOTM, and The Wall.  You know &quot;Another Brick in the Wall (Prt  2)&quot;, so you go with that.<br />Now wether you like the album or not is  debatable.  My musical taste and being the person I am, I find the album  very intriguing.  But lets face it, it is not for everybody.  It is a  confusing album, and a confusing movie.  (Yes, they did make a movie of  this.  Basically it is a long music video.) The story is not as hard to  follow as everyone makes out.  At least, the general gest of it isn't hard  to find.  Its obvious that a rock star named Pink Floyd build a  psychological wall separating himself from pain (but also love).  Then,  being jealous, he starts almost a neo-nazi work, a group killing the  &quot;queers, Jews, coons, and the reds&quot;.  It details the Hitler  devices of ovens and gas chambers.  Even mentions polka dot ones.  From my  perspective, it is a fascinating venture (tho' rather obscure at times)  into a narrative poem telling an epic story.   The main problem (yes, there  are problems with this) is the fact that, although it is not as notoriously  hard to follow, it is rather sketchy in places.  My suggestion is if you  want some interpretations, go in the Internet and try to find some (I've  found several).<br />Musically?  Interesting usually.  Sometimes it is nothing  save snippets of music to advance the rather sketchy plot. This is not an  album you just play part of if you want a full understanding of the album  (that is generally true of any decent album, but especially this one, and  true concept albums.  Sorry, Beatles fan, and I am one too, Sgt Pepper  doesn't make concept like this one does).  Some interesting tunes would be  Happy Days/Brick in the Wall Prt II, Don't Leave me Now, Mother, and Young  Lust.(that's Disc I).  Disc II: (Is anybody out there)Track II (for the  gorgeous acoustic track at the end), 6 (Comfortably Numb), 9. (Run Like  Hell),10. (Waiting For The Worms), 12 (The Trial)..<br />Lyrically?   Interesting Narrative Poem piece.  Because of the audience, it could have  been made more clear, but that was Waters' call, and nothing we can do  about it.<br />Another danger this album is that if people don't understand  it, it is easy to take things out of context.  If you now it is a man  losing his sanity behind a mental wall, then you understand the slamming of  education and the racial slurs.  If you don't, then you mihgt think PF is  against education and against the other races.  And interesting thing about  &quot;Another Brick in the Wall Part II&quot;, is the fact that they're  proving a point.  &quot;We don't need no education,&quot; is a double  negative.  They are showing that, despite the cynical view Pink has on his  school, they do in fact need education.<br />Bottom Line: Good album that  tells a story.  But be prepared to have to scratch your head a couple of  times and question &quot;Now why is that song there and what does it  mean?&quot;
0440234743|4.0|I Think the testament is one of Grishams best books. If you compare it with the other books he wrote, the testament has a few &quot;new type&quot; of characters we have never seen in one of his books. For example: Nate,  the main character falls in love for a women who is the opposite of him. He  is a greedy lawyer, Rachel is a women who doesn't like money and just loves  the simple things in life. <br />I certaintly enjoyed reading The Testament  and I recommend everybody to buy it.<br />Yours,<br />Daniel
B000002UB6|3.0|[NOTE: I am reissuing my Amazon.com reviews on Amazon.co.uk.  There are two reviews of \\"Let It Be\\". The first review was originally published on Amazon.com October 20, 1998, the second March 6, 2000]  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Review 1 - The Messy Let It Be Masserce, October 20, 1998  I'm sure people (some of them, myself included) have heard all the negative hype about this record, and wanted to know what was up. I mean, come on, its The Beatles, only on very rare occasions did they mistep, so what's up with this particular one? Its all live. Its extremly messy. There's studio chatter on a lot of the tracts. Two of the tracts (Maggie Mae, Dig It), one is 50 seconds long, the other 40. They're two throwaways. Then we get to the (in)famous contribution from the wall-of-sound guy Phil Spector. I, like most other people, think that what he did pretty much ruins it. Across the Universe, it isn't that bad, but would have been better in its unvarnished state. One thing I like is what he did with I Me Mine, which is a great song. The original is on the Anthology 3 record (along with the original master version of The Long and Winding Road that Phil Spector ruined with his wall of sound.), and is far to short. What he did with that works. Long and Winding Road, I'm so glad they finally issued the original song. its so much better than the \\"official\\" version.  This is a seperate entity for the Beatles discoriagraphy. For The Beatles, yes it is sloppy, yes it is flawed, yes it was a mistake for The Beatles to bring in Phil Spector. Despire all of that, its a charming record. It has to be appreciated in itself. Its like an offical bootleg. You see the songs in process. Its like part of the Anthology cannon. There are some very charming moments.  One thing about this particular record tho', is though it gets bad hype all the time, this blows Beatles For Sale out of thewater. No comparison. Whatsoever. To me, that is by far the worst Beatles record.  Oh, and whatever they say about Dig a Pony, don't believe them. Its one of my favorite tracks off this record, and I'm surprised that this in particular they pick on a lot. Two of Us is good too. Those two and I Me Mine and Let it Be are my favorite tracks.  Also, it has to be taken in context, The Beatles, forever tryign something new, were challenging themselves to make a record without overdubbing. It was all live. After they made the record, they thought it was \\"rubbish\\" (As Lennon called it), and proceeded to record the masterpiece Abbey Road. And they were fighting all the time. George Martin walked at on this album because of the tensions between The Beatles themselves. And still they recorded this. Granted, its a messy record, but any other artists who were going thru what they were at this time, there's no way they could record a record this good. Its definately worth having. Its Raw, Its Live, Its Messy. Its still really good too. And remember, a substandard Beatles record is better than most others best work. You'll be missing something if you don't get this. As one review once said, \\"All that said [talking about the problems I talked about], the album is on the whole underrated, even discounting the fact that a sub-standard Beatles record is better than almost any other group's best work.\\"  It you want the Three Beatles Masterpieces, they're Sgt. Pepper, The White Album, and Abbey Road. Its amazing that one band can have so many classics in their discorigraphy. It a band could reach even 1/4 of the genious of any of these three, they'd have a masterpiece. And here are THREE! And that's only the top ... they have so much more!  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Review 2 - The final offical word from the Beatles...., March 6, 2000  AN interesting album as a whole. An interesting note about the production is that The Beatles shelved this album, and Phil Spector was brought in long after they had recorded it to sort through this mess and make a feasible album. I'm sure there is more stuff they could have included on it. The \\"Ain't She Sweet\\" off Anthology 3 was very good. There are many unreleased cover tunes from this era. Also, I think the single \\"Don't Bring Me Down\\" should have been released on there too. But for some strange reason, it was on the single only, making it one of their many B-Sides.  Another interesting thing is they totally got away from the point of this album. It was to play live. Well, they did, and I guess they thought it really sucked or something, because they sure as hell backed off and went to their usual recording style with their last album and their swan song Abbey Road. Interesting to note, however, that the last session they had as a group (with Lennon not present and not counting the Anthology session) they recorded I Me Mine, which was the very definition of all the problems plaguing The Beatles as a whole.  Bottom Line: Messy, live, two or three tracks WAY over produced. We had to wat TWENTY SIX years to get a decent version of Across the Universe. (Anthology 2 is by far the best of the commercially available 3 versions)  I'm the author of \\"The Messy Let It Be Massecre\\". If you find that helpful, or you do not like it, please put your vote here, as it will go on my review page.
0440234743|4.0|I Think the testament is one of Grishams best books. If you compare it with the other books he wrote, the testament has a few &quot;new&quot; type of characters we have never seen in one of his books. For example: Nate,  the main character falls in love for a women who is the opposite of him. He  is a greedy lawyer, Rachel is a women who doesn't like money and just loves  the simple things in life. <br />I certaintly enjoyed reading The Testament  and I recommend everybody to buy it.<br />Yours,<br />Daniel
B000002I25|5.0|The Doors were a number of bands that had seminal releases in that magical year of 1967, which was the height of the Sixties cultural phenomenon.  To fully appreciate the splendour of this album one most have at least a  passing knowledge of what was happening in the music world at that time.   This was the single most creative year in rock history.  During the Summer  of Love, Sgt Pepper was released (Magical Mystery Tour, while not a proper  album, was also released later that year) by The Beatles..  Hendrix's Are  You Experienced and Axis: Bold as Love was released, also so was Pink  Floyd's debut with original singer Sid Barrett.  The Grateful Dead debuted  that year.  Jefferson Airplane released Surrealistic Pillow.  Cream  released Disraeli Gears.  Buffalo Springfield released their debut and the  Again record that year.  The Who Sell Out came out.  The Velvet Underground  with Nico with Andy Warhol was released also. Arlo Guthry also released  Alice's Restaurant that year (the title cut as legendary and long as Iron  Butterfly's In-a-Gadda-Da-Vida).  The Beach Boys' Smile, the most famous  unfinished album of rock history, was slated for release this year, but it  fell apart after Wilson thought the Beatles topped them in Sgt Pepper.  And  The Doors released this album, and Strange Days.<br />Also, in that magical  year of music and culture, we get this, a stunning document of a superb  band.  Not only that, it was their debut.  As I detailed in the paragraph  above, several important albums were released this year of '67.  The Doors  were up against some very tough competition.  But they shine, do they ever  shine.  You know you're in for a treat as soon as Break on Thru starts.   Then it transcends into a funky song called Soul Kitchen (a song about sex,  perhaps?).  The Crystal Ship is a great, if drug related, song.  (Crystal  Ship=drug syringe).  And what band do you possibly know that can make a  song originally from a German Opera fit into a rock album?  That is exactly  what The Doors did with this one by including The Alabama Song.  Light My  Fire was of course an instant classic and their biggest hit (along with  Touch Me).  The interesting thing about that was they were expecting  Twentieth Century Fox to be the big hit, and didn't expect anything off  Light My Fire.  Unfortunately, have been unable to find the single version  on any of their (now) official releases.  They cover the Blues (Back Door  Man), do strait and pure rock n' roll (Take it Easy, Break on Thru), and  fit in literary allusions (End of the Night part of it is originally, I  think, Emerson's poetry.  I might be wrong, but it is one of the more  famous poets).  Of course, there is the epic The End, suitably placed at  the end of the album (imagine that!).   With this break thru song, Morrison  the poet really shines.  This is the song that Morrison screamed, tho'  edited for official release, he wanted to kill his father and f- his  mother.  Another literary illusion to Oedipus, and also Freud.  Because of  the unedited live lyrics, this song drew them to the attention of Paul  Rothchild, their then future producer.  It got them thrown out of Whiskey A  Go-Go, which is a legendary rock club in California.<br />Given the other  albums released that year, it makes this record all the more exceptional.   Extreme musical innovation and experimentation were obvious everywhere that  year, not the least in this album, it is amazing to hear this record.   Obviously, if they can stand up against the very stiff competition of that  year, they had to be doing something right.  <br />From a personal  perspective, this is a deeply sentimental album.  This is what got me into  The Doors.  Morrison's poetry inspired me to try some of my own.  I am no  where near the poet he was, and mine just seem insipid and pale compared  next to his.  That is because I am not a poet, but a fiction writer.  The  first seven songs are very special when the whole of SideI is played.  It  reminds me of days gone by.  The End is classic.  Sadly, The Doors never  reached this height again (Strange Days is a psychedelic masterpiece  however.)  Waiting for the Sung and Soft Parade are their two lackluster  albums; Soft Parade being a failed Sgt Pepper.  Then they scoured back hard  with two bluesy albums.  But this will always be my favorite.
1853104825|5.0|I was excited to read this book because I had at last found someone who was able to identify and discuss behavioural phenomena that I had noticed about myself while engaged in stressful outdoor activities: i.e. diving,  flying or skydiving. I used to think it was only me and was not even aware  of, for example, the word &quot;laterality&quot; until I read Beaty's book.  I think his analysis of air accidents has wider applications in any field  of human endeavour. By reflecting and becoming more aware of how we respond  under stress we can achieve more through scientific analysis. One thing I  found puzzling is why Beaty made no reference in the bibliography or text  to another well-known book on the subject. I refer to Pilot Error, edited  by the late Ronald Hurst. Was it because Beaty objects to the term  &quot;pilot error&quot;, or was it because Hurst does not refer to Beaty's  work in his book? Is there some kind of professional rivalry involved or  does Beaty refuse to acknowledge Hurst's contribution because he was not a  pilot? There's something going on there and I'm curious to know what it is.
630341964X|5.0|If you have kids,I suggest you buy this movie.It has a good storyline, fun features,and wonderful acting.Trust me,you won't be disappointed.
B000031WD9|4.0|I thought that the film displayed what many teenagers go through when dating and experiencing sexual relations for the first time. Extremely funny!
630341964X|5.0|A great film for kids.Better than the sequel
630468150X|5.0|Con Air is an itensifyingly enjoyable and addictive action flick. It has something for everyone.  Cage and Malkovich at at their best leading an all-star cast. This movie is action at it's best, featuring a great plot,  convincing and somewhat moving script which is marvellously acted out . I  am deeply shocked that many critics have managed to dump this movie and  overlook the genious of it all. I saw it 6 times in the cinema when it  first came out and 2 months after I bought it on video. Ever since I have  seen it over 100 times in the past 2 years and my sisters and brother love  it too. I don't find it at all racial, and I think many people will agree  that it makes us stop and think about the way we live and what's going on  around us. If you havn't already seen Con Air, I suggest you do it fast. It  truly is a great movie by a talented director. A top movie for now and many  years to come.
B000000W3G|5.0|This messag is for any one who dares to hear a fool.  -An Ode To No One,                          THE SMASHING PUMPKINS<br />When I first bought this set I had no idea what to expect.  The farther into the set I got the more I  loved it. There is a wealth of music on here to more than satisfy any  Pumpkin fan or just an alternativemusic lover.  These 33 song bring out the  best of Chamberlin's power and Corgan's multiple vocal pesonalities.  Not  to forget Iha's wonderous gitaur supplements to Corgan's lyrics. <br /> The  Pumpkins could easily get many new singles if these songs were properly  marketed but they are stuck back where only fanatics and new fans will go  to get them.  No price could fairly contain the wealth of music ready to be  seized.  IF anyone heard the fool!
6304584598|4.0|This is definitely a great performance and should be in every ballet lover's collection while we patiently await the day it can be restored and digitally remastered.  Maybe someone else that knows could comment, but my  guess is that the master for this was a video, since there are dust marks  on the credits screens but not seen anywhere in the performance.   To the  credit of those making the recording, it also appears that a special stage  performance was made for the benefit of the recording, since it was  appropriately lit for cameras and shot from multiple cameras with competent  choices of camera angles, close-ups, pans and wide shots.<br />Although I  share his enthusiasm for this performance, I have to disagree with Mr.  Crotty's overstatement that this release \\"exploits all the advanced  technology of DVD.  The September 1999 viewer from Texas is completely  accurate in his comments about the visual and audio flaws.  The next  version should address these flaws and do a restoration to remove the  videotape scan line artefacts.  It should have full DTS stereo digitally  remastered from an original professional audio tape and not the videotape's  audio track.  The quality would then be up to the minimum level that  customers expect from DVDs.  <br />Even considering basic DVD capabilities,  there is little to complement since almost none are used other than chapter  indexing of all scenes.  This is decent, with 39 points in the ballet that  can be selected. But unlike Kultur's other excellent Nureyev DVD of Romeo  and Juliet, there are no annotations of any kind- no biographies or story  synopsis except that which is embedded in the film itself rather than on a  DVD screen or subtitle.  At bare minimum, the synopsis for each act should  be translated into the major European languages as well as (judging from  Amazon's statement of its popularity in Taiwan) non European languages such  as Chinese.  Besides the bare bones features in Romeo and Juliet, a balletcommentary as a separate audio track would be especially welcome.  These  sorts of things are common on great films by Hitchcock or Bergman and could  be done cheaply.  Either of these features would enrich the experience of  audiences who are interested in gathering a fuller appreciation of this art  form, and would pay the producers back since it would extend their market  into larger audiences.<br />Additional Credits (copied from back of box):   Ballet members of the Wiener Staatsopernballett, Music performed by Wiener  Symphoniker conducted by John Lanchbery.  Directed by Truck Branss and Art  Direction Ton Friesen, with all choreography by Nureyev.
B00003XB8K|4.0|I`ve heard a quite alot of Enigma stuff. This is not the best they`ve released, but never the less its still good. Listen b4u buy.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Although not their first, this album established Smashing Pumpkins (at least in my mind) as a leader in creativity and versatility. Whether its the lazy-paced but in depth sounds of Cherub Rock (an instant classic), or  the melodramatic lyrics and melancholy rifts of Disarm (the first song that  caught my eye on this album), the Pumpkins prove beyond a reasonable doubt  that they excell in all chapters of modern alternative.<br />Unfortunately, I  don't know what they started thinking after the success of this album.  While Melancholy and the Infinite Sadness offered a variety of cunning and  creative sounds, it hardly stood up to some of their previous work. Follow  that up a ways down with Adore, a failure in what originally had terrific  potential, and you have what seems to be a legendary dry spell. Bullet with  Butterfly Wings was able to bat a few eyes (Melancholy and the Infinite  Sadness), not lasting enough to hold them up throghout they're  troubles.<br />They're return album, Machina: Machine of the Gods, is Corgan's  way of proving to the public that they are not dead and have plenty of  energy stockpiled. Although I have Machina now (pre-ordered from Amazon,  anxious to see what lies in store), I don't feel I've truly listened to it  enough for a review. (Although I will note the first song, seemingly a  signature of Pumpkins, seems the best).
B00004LN16|4.0|Since Back in Black and For Those about to Rock came out, I never thought they'd be equalled.  Well, this record doesn't get there, but gets damn close!   Is there anything like an Angus Young guitar solo?  No, not even  close!   I've only played this one 7 times since Friday.....
B0000004V2|5.0|This music moves you and is pretty good raw Manchester underground british psychedelic rock stuff that you can trip to. I did back in 1989. I won't forget that. The best cactus peyote I ever had! Elephant Stone!
0060922583|5.0|In short I found this book to be an intriguing possible explanation of what are often considered paranormal experiences in a more mundane context. Mass hysteria, out of body experiences, ESP, and even stigmata are all  dealt with as well many other wierd, supposedly occult or religious  occurences that have proven very palpable and &quot;real&quot; to  participants. This book does not attempt to validify belief in either a God  or the supernatural but merely explains how these mythological or  supernatural occurences, inconsistent with the laws of nature, could be  explained by interpreting existence and the universe as holographic in  nature. It is an extremely interesting read and has me redefining my views  on the physical and spiritual nature of reality and even my own ability to  control these things.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I think for a first attempt at singing Jennifer Lopez did an excellent job. I love this CD, and I get offended at people who say she can't sing. Can you do any better? I think not! Okay so she does show a little too much  skin, but hey if you had a body like that so would you. So don't dis my  Jennifer, she's a great talent.
0792837614|5.0|When &quot;West Side Story&quot; first opened on Broadway it was not only praised for its sublime score and songs, but also for its using the tough social issues of its day as backdrop: juvenile gang violence and Puerto  Rican immigrants replacing the descendents of earlier immigrants, the Irish  and Italians, in NYC's poorest neighborhoods.<br />Nowadays, &quot;West Side  Story's&quot; views on street gangs are quaint to say the least.  Also it  contains the most unintimidating street gangs ever.  Would you step out of  the way if you saw the Jets prancing down the streets towards you?  Would  'Nardo and the Sharks frighten anyone if they minced onto a subway  car?<br />Yes, the street gangs in &quot;West Side Story&quot; are a hoot.   Yet this is one great movie!  The fantastic score, those wonderful songs,  the unbelievable choreography, and the timeless story of &quot;Romeo and  Juliet&quot; updated to the era of street gangs have all combined to  arguably garner this film the title of the greatest musical ever.
0446343129|4.0|It has a tremendous impact on the way you eat.  When you began checking labels and see the amount of sugar in your diet, it is amazing!  It gave me the push to turn away extra sugar items.  I personally want to leave this world with my pancreas when I go and one that hasn't been totally worked to  death!  =)
B00000DFTG|2.0|OZZY with his constant garbage dialogue throughout the set ruins it for the listener. If the music was played the way they used to...he wouldn't need to try so hard to get audience participation. Just another low point  in Ozzy's career. With all the swearing and everything...Ozzy sound like a  total loser! <br />Save your money. Skip this one.
B00004LN16|4.0|I was fully prepared to be disappointed when I bought this album, as their last album Ballbreaker had a very gloomy, depressing sound with matching lyrics.  It did have 2 good songs in Burning Alive and Hard As A Rock, but  many of the songs were frankly weird, and Brian Johnson's voice made even a  die-hard fan like me squirm in my seat.  After the first listen, I was  ready to trash SUL for it's boring lyrics and repetitive sound - but for  whatever reason, I found myself wanting to listen again an hour later.  The  second time, I cranked it up louder, and what I had previously criticized -  now had an completely addictive quality!  Angus and Malcolm are brilliant  on this album, with no wasted motion, and the drumming is infectious and  had me tapping my foot on most of the songs.  Additionally, Brian Johnson's  voice is improved!  It's a mixed bag, but on a few tracks like &quot;Give  It Up&quot;, he is reminiscent of his Back In Black style where he sang  right with Angus on songs like &quot;Shoot To Thrill&quot;.  He definitely  made more of an effort.  This is easily the best produced album since Back  In Black, everything sounds clear and dynamic.  I love Satellite Blues, and  enjoy all the songs with the exception of &quot;I'll Be Damned&quot;, and  &quot;Come and Get It&quot;, as they drag a bit, but even these songs are  not throw ins or filler, and other listeners may like their style.  Truly,  the only thing that can be criticized are the repetitiveness of some of the  songs, and the repetitive lyrics, but you'll soon realize that the boys had  a reason for this - they wanted to create addictive rhythmic tracks that  continue to build to the end of the song.  None of these songs have the  emotion and power of &quot;Back In Black&quot;, but they are all excellent  Rock and Roll songs, with a lot of attention to simply making songs that  sound good - and are fun and definitely not pretentious.  If something  sounds good, and you want to hear it again andagain through the years,  it's not simple - it's good and skilled work.  That's what you'll get if  you buy Stiff Upper Lip, an album you'll still listen to after 5 years.
B000002LHT|4.0|This was a terrific album by the Ramones that featured one of their best songs ever ('Pet Semetary') and several other very good songs (the heavy 'I Believe in Miracles', the comical 'Merry Christmas (I Don't Want to Fight  Tonight)', and an excellent cover of 'Palisades Park'. The remaining tracks  are all decent (Even Joey's latest attempt at a Spector-esque ballad 'Come  Back Baby' -- is top-notch). This was Dee-Dee's last album as bass player.  Surprisingly, the change marked a vast improvement over the previous album  (the dreadful 'Halfway To Sanity') and the subsequent hiring of C-Jay kept  the band interesting through much of the 90s.
B00003CXAR|4.0|I just saw Jaws for the first time last night, and I loved it! From the opening scene, the suspense was right there next to me, who is gonna die next?  The cinemetogrophy is wonderful, there are several scenes that just  plain work. The plot is a rarity in a modern movie, cohesive and well put  together. This is no &quot;lets have a big monster eat people&quot; movie,  it has a group of characters who are struggling against a threat, a threat  the size of their boat! The slimy Mayor is just one of the great parts, and  they all fit together seamlessly. The reason this did not get 5 stars is  quite frankly that it is not perfect. It is very good, with suspense,  laughs, and some popcorn spilling frights, but it still is not perfect. Do  not let that deter you, it is still a GREAT movie, one everybody should  see. It is a classic 4/5 stars.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Excellent album. Different from the previous albums although still the unique &quot;Enigma sound&quot;. It contains 2 super songs: &quot;Gravity of love&quot; and &quot;Silence must be heard&quot; (with the last one  having for me the potential of a big top 10 hit).  Other good songs (in  order of preference): &quot;Between mind &amp; heart&quot;, &quot;Endless  quest&quot;, &quot;Smell of desire&quot;, &quot;The screen behind the  mirror&quot; and &quot;Push the limits&quot;. This album is closer to the  first album (MCMXC)-although without the Gregorian songs- than to the  second and third album.  If you like &quot;Sadeness&quot; or &quot;MCMXC  A.D.&quot;, you definitely should try this album!
0316920045|5.0|Infinite Jest is one of the greatest books ever written.  It rambles through lives and through meanings, giving no final answer but displaying many.  It's as depressing as it is enlightening.  Wallace is obviously a  genius -- his knowledge and understanding on the topics of drugs, the  athletic mind, AA, twisted psyches, etc. is overwhelming.  The only comment  I would make to the author would be to make his world less far away;  although it is clearly taken from reality and it draws from aspects of  everyones' lives, it seems distant -- he has an excellent point, but  sometimes it doesn't hit as hard as it ought to, letting us escape from  thinking too hard about its connection to us personally.
B00000255O|3.0|this disc is Pretty good but not among his best.still cool with Stevie on hear though.Hang up your Hang ups is super funky.but this ALbum starts to fade.it's the Hit&amp;Miss Herbie we all Know.Genius&amp;Risks.
B0000028RR|4.0|For those of you who have just bought Battle of los angeles, you should all come back to where it all began with Rage against the machine and Killing in the name of.<br />This is Rage's best CD with heaps of great songs.  The front cover's even got a cool picture on it!
B0000025BL|5.0|Bat out of Hell is probably the one album in the history of rock, more so than Sgt. Peppers, more so than Are you Experienced?, more so than Van Halen, that you can honestly say 'There's nothing else like it'.  The  stellar, powerful singing of Jim Steinman's music by Meat Loaf has been  unmatched over time.  <br />  This album has truly stood time's tests.  It's  been recharting steadily over the years (breaking into Britan's top 100  again only a few months ago!) and has sold no less than 35 million, making  it the third largest selling album of all time behind Dark Side of the Moon  and Thriller.  Now that's some fairly good company.<br />  As far as the  actual music goes, it's simply amazing in scope and vision.  Jim Steinman  writes musicals, not songs, each and every time out.  Bat out of Hell  remains one of the best album-opening songs ever.  Paradise by the  Dashboard Light has long been, and probably long will be THE Karaoke song,  THE Duet, THE ultimate teen-sexuality song.  Two out of Three Ain't Bad,  aka 'the hit', is still an adult-contemp radio staple, and every other song  on this album is just as good.  <br />  The musicians backing Mr. Loaf are  some of the best of their day... Todd Rundgren, believe it or not, did the  lead guitars for the title track in one take (and it's a 10 minute song,  people).  Max Weinberg and Kasim Sultan made one heck of a rhythm section,  taking to Steinman's varied tempos with ease. <br />  The flawless Todd  Rundgren productions makes this album the masterpeice that it is.   Everything is just loud enough, just long enough, and just *good* enough to  touch a button with every human being on the planet.  And you know what?   Just about all of them bought this album.  No sense being left out.  Bat  out of Hell is truly a highlight of music history.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Before I start I would like to say I've been a Blink 182 fan for ages. Since Chesire cat (their first CD released in about 1992). Let me tell you, the old stuff is better.<br />With Enema of the state, Blink changed a fair  bit, and while this is still an alright CD, Dude Ranch is way better. If  anyone out there is looking for good music, get Dude Ranch, if your just  buying this CD because it's popular, or because you think they guys are  good looking then buy this.
B000002OYB|3.0|Meat Loaf's problem isn't that he puts out hugely successful albums impossible to top such as the two Bat albums, his problem is that he tried to top BOTH of them with barely any help from Jim Steinman, the man who  made it all happen. <br />  With Dead Ringer(The little known second album in  1981), Steinman was forced to write the material in 6 weeks and wasn't even  allowed to produce. With Welcome to the Neighborhood, Meat tries to give  off the image that he really DOES have his OWN identity, and he isn't just  Jim Steinman's creation. Sadly, he is Jim Steinman's creation, and you just  shouldn't bite the hand that feeds you like he has done so often. <br />  Some  tracks are actually quite good. The opener, When the Rubber Meets the Road,  is easily the best song on the album. 'Runnin for the Red Light' is a great  basic rocker (despite openly copying the Easybeat's 'Good Times'), and  Sammy Hagar's 'Amnesty is Granted' does well. However, the songs that  openly try and clone Steinman's style are inexcusable. <br />  Diane Warren is  NOT Jim Steinman.  This is quite evident on her three songs.  Ick.  Even  the Steinman songs on the album (Original Sin and Left in the Dark) are  rendered far, far inferior to the original McCoy thanks to one Ron Nevison.  The Loaf completley misinterprets LitD, (for the version we were supposed  to hear, pick up Steinman's Bad for Good) and Original Sin lacks any trace  of the all-out power it had on the little-known Steinman project 'Pandora's  Box'. <br />  All in all, WTTN is a good album, but a subpar Meat Loaf album.  Not an essential buy for this man's catalogue by any means, but it's  certainly not his worst effort either. He just needs to recognize that he  needs Steinman, and all will be well.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I have appreciated every film made by Kubrick.  Some I loved on first viewing, others took longer to appreciate.  Eyes Wide Shut caught me on first viewing. I couldn't stop thinking about this movie for days after  seeing it.  I felt like my life had become a dream.<br />Eyes Wide Shut is not  for everyone.  This film is art, and some will be captivated and others  will not.  If you aren't looking for a challenging film, this probably will  not be to your tastes.
0060916540|5.0|Horror. This book should be filed under horror in bookstores. It is an account of one fatal adventure in the Andes. Joe Simpson and his climbing partner decided to climb a virgin, difficult wall in the Peruvian Andes. Joe has an accident near the summit, breaks his thigh. Of course weather changes to hurricane and although the continue descent, they are both bound to death.
B00003Q438|5.0|There's something curious about this film: everyone who I have asked about it reply to me that they haven't watch it, and since I'm not a spoiler I would never tell them the ending, because once they watch the whole film  they would recognize the film's ending and remember that they have already  watched it, what a problem!, you can't describe the film without spoiling  it! Well, back to my review, I loved the movie's beautiful music, and the  acting for me it's brilliant, the sentimental aspects moves you, the action  keeps you on the edge of the seat, and I really loved the film's end. And  it's finally on DVD! well hopefully it will also be released with Region 4  encoding, since 20th C Fox is begining to release DVDs on my country. Oh  well, if you are one of those who claims of not watched it before, go see  it now, and tell me if you recognized the film's ending.
B000002H6C|4.0|Jason Newsted's entrance into the band occurred at a pivotal point in Metallica's development -- just when the band's obsession with long songs and an increasingly techno sound were about to come to a head.  After the  Garage Days Revisited EP, Metallica was poised to produce its signature  record, the &quot;concept album&quot; phase of the band's career, if you  will.<br />The result, ...And Justice for All, is an album almost entirely  devoid of funk, groove, or melodic enjoyment, an approach that isn't  unsuitable to the album's bleak socio-political slant.  With a cutting-edge  but extremely distancing mix, giving the notes a robotic precision, ...And  Justice takes Metallica's exact approach to riffery to an extreme.  Rhythm  guitars are flattened out, basslines are nearly inaudible (a problem  Newsted and Bob Rock addressed during the recording of the black album),  and songs become almost monuments, with no relevant beginning, middle or  end, becoming more like blobs of organic noise aimed mostly for the  cranium.  &quot;Blackened&quot;, &quot;...And Justice for All&quot;,  &quot;Eye of the Beholder&quot;, &quot;The Shortest Straw&quot;,  &quot;One&quot;...it's all depressing, subzero metal, rendered with  precision and technical proficiency, with very little human warmth,  entirely devoid of hope.<br />This album has a zero fun factor.  Listen and  absorb with your intellect -- ...And Justice for All is a classic, but one  that carries a distinctly high-art flavour to it.
0783211856|5.0|Well, truthfuly I don't know a great deal about holocaust movies, the only movies with this subject I've ever watched are this one and &quot;Life is beautiful&quot; so they are to opposites you might say, but still I found  this film to be very moving, It's a very valid recreation about the days in  the holocaust, hey, it won the Oscar for best adaptation and many scenes  were borrowed from the tellings of holocaust surviviors, pretty pathetic  (look at the dictionary for the true meaning of this word) the scenes of  Auschwitz with that eirie music, but many people would find this one very  depressing and I do agree with them, I liked the evil nazi figure played by  Ralph Fiennes, and the woman-enchanting personality seen of Oscar  Schindler. I would like to buy this film, but only if it's released on DVD,  it's more practical.
B00000JCRH|4.0|Master of Puppets meanders a little more than its biting predecessor, Ride the Lightning, but even given a murkier guitar sound and longer song structures, it remains a strong metal album recognized far and wide as a  classic in the genre.<br />&quot;Battery&quot; is the last time Metallica  verged into pure thrash, and its sheer exhilaration is breathtaking (if  somewhat mindless).  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; features an absolutely  stunning instrumental interlude that showcases the band's harmonized lead  guitars, even as the rest of the song runs too long.  &quot;The Thing That  Should Not Be&quot; is strange, echoey, and evil-sounding, while  &quot;Sanitarium&quot; again ends Side 1 of this album (no such distinction  on the CD, of course) on a quieter, more melodic note.<br />&quot;Orion&quot;  and &quot;Damage, Inc.&quot; are, again, a little long and less disciplined  than their counterparts on Ride the Lightning, but it's on this album that  Hetfield starts to discover a more restrained singing voice, and that the  band begins to acquire ambitions that would result in ...And Justice for  All two years later, ambitions that would eventually burn out around the  time of the black album.<br />Consider this the last old-school Metallica  album.
0792842723|5.0|i do agree with leonard maltin on this one,the stunts are better than most bond movies.the women are sexy,and the plot is suprising.this  is one of the best bonds yet to come.
B000044U4B|5.0|Metallica back in 1984 was a different kind of beast -- lower production values, rougher sound and arrangements...but superior instrumental prowess and songwriting gave the band an edge over its competition.<br />Ride the  Lightning is Metallica's masterpiece, a razor-sharp metal classic, layers  of aggressive riffery coupled with Kirk Hammett's cutting soloing, James  Hetfield's merciless bark, and melodic instincts to die for.  The Dave  Mustaine influence was vital through Metallica's work in the '80s in terms  of the band's use of harmonized guitars, and this adds a melodic subtlety  to the band's songs that no other speed/thrash act (aside from Mustaine's  own band, Megadeth) has yet matched.<br />&quot;Fight Fire with Fire&quot; is  a standard, growling thrash number; the title track &quot;Ride the  Lightning&quot; has some of the tastiest guitar patterns ever recorded,  melding crystal-clear sound with a fiery death-row lyric; &quot;Fade to  Black&quot; is Metallica's best slow-fast ballad, period, with its  mesmerizing acoustic-electric interplay; and &quot;For Whom the Bell  Tolls&quot; and &quot;Creeping Death&quot; are classics in the band's  catalogue, ambitious and bloodthirsty.<br />The black album Metallica may have  had better recording and ...And Justice for All a more cogent central  theme, but Ride the Lightning is, overall, Metallica's masterpiece.
0140564349|5.0|A very delightful story with magnificent illustrations.  I believe that children as well as adults of all ages will enjoy reading about Mrs.Mallard and how she finds the perfect home for her family.
B00000064G|5.0|I first heard Nick Drake on the shores of the south fork of the American River in the Serria Nevadas circa 1987. It made such an impact on me that I used to stay up all night looking into the crystal clear northern  California sky listing to it, overwhelmed by it's clarity and grace. Thank  you VW for bringing this never appreciated artist to the masses. I have  read many comments that accuse VW of exploiting such a true master of  thought and expression. This is nonsense. All people should be exposed to  such a gift as Nick Drake. And if VW is the messenger, so be it. I  guarantee that the album will make you forget where you first heard it, and  after a week of listening,you will buy the box set.
0446525537|3.0|Yes, it is a sweet story -- still not in the league with The Notebook, but definitely an improvement over Message in a Bottle.  The writing is not inspired, though it is easy to imagine it to be the words of a 17 year old.  Mr. Sparks weaves an inspirational story of faith and trust and living our  lives to the fullest. Touching, though a bit sappy and maudlin, but  nonetheless worthwhile.  More of a screenplay, though, than literature.
0440234743|3.0|I enjoyed this story very much.   Grisham has already made us learn about all sides of the law, from corporate to penal and this is no exception. Very original.
B000002ITK|5.0|As a great Twisted Sister fan I'd say the album is good as anything the band has produced, but the thing is that many superb songs are not included here. There are some tracks like &quot;Be Chrool to Your Scuel&quot; that  could well be replaced by &quot;Wake Up the Sleeping Giant&quot; or  &quot;Come Out and Play&quot; for example. Still, there are fantastic  pieces and one that I really like (maybe cause it's not included in other  TS albums) is &quot;Let the Good Times Roll&quot;! Rock on! Twisted Sister  forever!
0380713802|5.0|It's interesting to read through the reviews for this book: most of those praising the book either come from Europeans, or else mention &quot;Neither Here Nor There&quot; resonating with their memories of travelling in Europe. The negative reviews all chastise Bryson for being too superficial,  or shallow, or racist, or for not 'interacting' properly with the people he  meets. What's particularly strange is the number of reviews that praise  Bryson's other books, then say this one is not up to his standard. <br />Well,  to those who fail to catch the humor here: book a flight to Europe, and see  for yourselves. Europeans aren't somehow beyond the possibility of being  unintentionally funny, and Bryson is not being an 'ugly American' for  pointing out their foibles in very funny ways--witness, for example, his  devastatingly funny transliteration of Dutch conversation, or his  adventures getting travellers' checks replaced after they've been stolen by  a Gypsy girl in Italy.<br />Bryson is also honest. He tells you what he likes,  and what he doesn't, and, far from being xenophobic or parochial, he's  perfectly willing to change his mind when a place he visits either exceeds  or falls short of his expectations. He lavishes praise on the most unlikely  of destinations, and avoids the fawning tones of many travel writers who  feel somehow obligated to adore every place they visit, especially the most  famous ones. All real travellers are familiar with this phenomenon: the  most intense joys of travel are most likely to be experienced in the least  obvious places, and often at the most inopportune times. <br />Finally, Bryson  is simply funny, and this book is too. I hope he comes to Asia next.
B00004LN16|5.0|Hey; it's AC/DC-- you either like 'em or you don't.  Phil Rudd (it's good to have you back) lays back with his basic kit, thundering effortlessly away on the bass drum.  Brian Johnson continues to abuse his throat and  tear it up for rock n' roll; a worthy cause.  Cliff Williams and  Malcolm  Young (one of the most talented and under-exposed rythmical geniuses to  ever strum a chord) continue to be one of the tightest sections in the  business.  As for Angus, well... he is Angus and I am torn between feeling  disapointed with the fact that he has not expanded on his playing style and  taking solace in the fact that some things never change.  I can't wait to  see them in Montreal and help them pay some bills.<br />P.S.-- I wish  &quot;House of Jazz&quot; was actually a jazzy tune.
044651506X|3.0|The detective's character and sense of humor got a bit tiresome after a while. The story wasn't that good either so I have no idea why there were rave reviews.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I am not a music expert but I hope I know more than the average person.  This is abosolutely the best rock album ever.  Just so people don't think that I am just writing about something I don't know I will explain myself.   After listening to a lot of music I have narrowed the best rock albums to  10.  Beatles-Rubber Soul, Revolver, and Sgt Pepper:  Beach Boys-Pet Sounds:   Led Zeppelin-III, IV:  Pearl Jam-10:  Soundgarden-Superunknown:   Oasis-Wonderwall:  Nirvana-Nevermind.  Siamese Dream is the best even  though I was leaning heavily towards Pet Sounds and Rubber Soul.  Just like  Sgt Pepper and Pet Sounds not mush recognition was given to them until  15-20 years after their release.  Unfortunately Siamese Dream has been  overlooked by too many critics.  It may not contain many big hits but as an  album it is a beautiful, sad, tragic experience that should be the  soundtrack for every teenager.
078322608X|1.0|What a disappointment! It sounded like a good story.<br />Man comes back from the future to save his world and almost goes mad. But in this movie it seemed that everyone had gone mad, or just dumb! The longer the movie ran,  the more I wondered where everyone's sense had gone.<br />Bruce Willis moves  forward and back through time in a plot that seems so illogical that it  becomes painful to follow.  The threatening scientists from the future who  force convicts into &quot;volunteering&quot; for certain death assignments  to the past start singing &quot;I found my thrill on blueberry hill&quot;  to Willis when he comes back for yet another time trek. Has he gone mad?   No, I think its just the plot.<br />Brad Pitt plays a spaced out manic mental  patient with moves (and even lines) stolen from Dennis Hopper in Apocolype  Now. Watch the two movies and you'll know exactly what I mean.<br />Or don't  watch 12 Monkeys and save yourself the frustration of this flick!
6305399212|4.0|Aliens will probably appeal to a wider audience than the original Alien. It is slightly more optimistic and much more spectcular. The special edition version adds to the first release, by giving the characters a  little more depth and the continuity of the plot has been improved. The  atmosphere is as tense as in the first movie depending more on visual  effects and less on score and directing. Sigourney Weaver does a great job  of developing her character through the series becoming one of the most  real movie characters I have ever seen.
0002171856|5.0|For an amateur like me, this book is already a very comprehensive volume: too many to learn them all.  Yet, I find the book very helpful and will literally save our life in most cases, even if we only learn few skills in each chapter.  I think the most important feature of this book is that it  educates: it stimulates our creative minds in utilizing any available  opportunity and materials to save our life.  Once we grab the basic ideas  of each techniques, we can apply them creatively in every situation to save  our life.
B00000ILE7|5.0|Alien 3 is not the sort of movie that will please most people. It takes the idea of the original ALien, rather than of the sequel Aliens and gives it a whole new dimension.<br />The theme of Alien 3 is in my opinion better than of the first two movies. The audience becomes more involved with the characters than ever before as a group of convicts, knowing their attempts are doomed to failure go on battling the alien monster. In many ways this shows the ambiguity of human nature, for while the convicts, all hardened criminals have found a purpose and display surprising tenacity and dignity in their hopeless struggle against the inevitable, the 'good people' represented by Lance Hendriksen are willing to throw all other considerations  away to get their hands on the monster.<br />Sigourney Weaver as the now truly doomed Ripley does excellent work. You keep hoping, that she will find a way out proving how much alive she has become to her audience. Her death scene is one of the best ever. Fincher's directing adds a whole new element to the series. partof the shots are actually done from the Alien's point of view and the sheer andless chase through the corridors of the prison keeps the suspence at an unpresedented level. Score, camerawork and script all live up to the level of their predecessors<br />A great addition to a great series.
0800177975|5.0|Really holds up to repeated viewings.  One of our favorites when we're not driving through a neighborhood, pointing our finger, saying 'The bad guys are in there!'
0783113161|4.0|Crazy killer takes control of airplane, flight attendant has to take care of him and land the plane. It is a familiar plot, but in Turbulence it has been given some extra zest. The grafic are good, the dialogue better than  usual and the acting by Ray Liotta and Holly Hunter is outstanding.  Especially Liotta ( one of hollywoods most underestimated actors ) does a  great job as the psychopath, who transforms from a rather likeable person  to a homicidal maniac.
6305280711|4.0|Good action, but the story was lacking.  And what was with the whole black/white thing?  Totally unnecessary and out of place.  A joke or two would have been acceptable but they ran it into the ground. Save the social  issues for films like 'American History X'.
B000002IJA|5.0|I do not think you have enough cassettes out in the stores like Zellers, Canadian Superstore. I have been trying to buy the cassette WHO Made Who and I cannot find it. so can you please make more and send them to the  sores mentioned above. thank you.
B000001G89|5.0|I agree with those who love this recording. Those few who don't, I can't understand. La Berganza sings a ravishingly beautiful Carmen and certainly no one does it better. Not Callas, not Price, not Baltsa and certainly not  Resnik. Domingo as Don Jose is outstanding, and Abbado conducts with  white-hot passion. This recording made in 1977 has aged extremely well, the  sound is far better than the cavernous Karajan set.
B000002IJA|5.0|I do not think you have enough cassettes out in the stores like Zellers, Canadian Superstore. I have been trying to buy the cassette WHO Made Who and I cannot find it. so can you please make more and send them to the  sores mentioned above. thank you.
B00002DE2L|2.0|At this point it's useless to argue about the benefits of period performance practice. Gut strings just sound better than steel ones in Baroque Music. Mutter has nothing to say about Vivaldi. I found this  recording hopelessly predictable. Go for Biondi in OPUS111 or Il Gardino  Armonico in TELDEC. They may not have as nice legs as Signora Mutter, but  they certainly understand Il Prete Rosso a lot better.
6305657947|5.0|Ok, I always liked Brosman and Russo, but in this one, they were just perfect. All the movie was perfect. you can`t stop thinking of it. It`s brilliant. And I didn`t see the original version, but this one, i`m assure  you, it can`t be bettter.
B00003W8NM|4.0|I saw Fight Club in the theaters before I read the book.  The movie was so powerful to me that I wanted to see if there was more.  The idea of the movie was to make everyone credit go to zero which would created total  chaos.  In the novel, Tyler just wanted to have control over eveything.  If  you enjoyed this movie, I suggest you read the novel because it is even  crazier than the movie.  i cann't wait to see what extra, possible deleted  scenes the DVD will have.... latas......
B00003CWPR|1.0|Besides boring, the characters were so unlikeable that you wanted someone to enter the scenes and just slap them.  Yeah, this was Kubrick's last movie, but it goes to prove that even good directors can make real bombs.
0671015206|4.0|I enjoyed the book because it emphasized methodical wealth creation.  However, I really wanted to ask the tightwads in the examples &quot;WHY?&quot; they were so focused on net worth at the expense of  everything else.  Building security and/or wanting the option of retiring  early are good goals, but what is the point of all the painful saving &amp;  thrift to accumulate money that these same traits will never allow them to  enjoy? This is particularly interesting when the author later shows that  leaving a big estate is self-defeating if your goal is to improve your  descendants' lives.  This dicrepancy is staring the author in the face but  he never addresses it.  I think Stephen Pollan's &quot;Die Broke&quot; is a  more interesting take on some of these issues.
B00000K2W1|5.0|Janis Joplin stunned the world with her raunchy, explosive, raw emotion evoked through her music.  For someone who wants to introduce themselves to Janis' music, Greatest Hits is a great way to do that.  The progression of  abilities is evident through the quality of songs recorded throughout her  career.    &quot;Ball And &quot;Chain&quot; is a perfect example of the  pain she sang about.  Her voice rang out and the pain tugged at my heart as  the chills ran around my body.  I could imagine the tears as her vocals  vibrated in my ears and I could feel her confronting those demons inside.   The power of this song is almost beyond words.  Janis Joplin's Greatest  Hits is a wonderful sampling of her style.  The struggles and heartaches of  Janis reach ou to you from the grave.  Her career ended so suddenly and her  full potential will never be known.  Janis' signature screech and raw  delivery will live on forever!
B000002UA5|5.0|Despite the fact that the studio album is extremely weird (probably the weirdest Floyd in effect, actually...), this CD deserves to be heard.  The live disc is 40 minutes of genius.  My personal favorite is &quot;Careful  With That Axe, Eugene&quot;, but any of the live stuff is pure prog rock  goodness.  &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; on here is my favorite version,  although nothing, no one, no how will ever replace Syd.  The other two  songs are strikingly similar to their studio-born versions, and that means  they rock.<br />The studio disc is more of a mixed bag.  Rick Wright's stuff  tends to get too dissonant even for my ears, but when it's good, it's good.   Roger Waters' stuff is great.  &quot;Small Furry Creatures&quot; is  superb, especially (dare I say it?) when one is, uh...  supplementing  his/her reality.  The title of that track is what the song sound like.   Dave Gilmour's stuff is all gold.  The riff in the first part of the Narrow  Way is great.  Nick's stuff on the studio album is good; compareable to  some of the DJ drum machine mixes I've heard from more contemporary sources  (Just like DJ Eddie Def).<br />This album is essential, but I think that of  every Floyd album before the split.  If you want a &quot;Dark Side 2&quot;  or more tunes in line with &quot;The Wall&quot; look elsewhere (may I  suggest the underappreciated &quot;Meddle&quot;?), but if you dig either of  the first two albumns, or are a big King Crimson fan, buy this now.  Of  course, I'm sure everyone like that already has this.  <br />Oh yeah, the  poster rocks.
B00000K2W1|5.0|Janis Joplin stunned the world with her raunchy, explosive, raw emotion evoked through her music.  For someone who wants to introduce themselves to Janis' music, Greatest Hits is a great way to do that.  The progression of  abilities is evident through the quality of songs recorded throughout her  career.    &quot;Ball And &quot;Chain&quot; is a perfect example of the  pain she sang about.  Her voice rang out and the pain tugged at my heart as  the chills ran around my body.  I could imagine the tears as her vocals  vibrated in my ears and I could feel her confronting those demons inside.   The power of this song is almost beyond words.  Janis Joplin's Greatest  Hits is a wonderful sampling of her style.  The struggles and heartaches of  Janis reach ou to you from the grave.  Her career ended so suddenly and her  full potential will never be known.  Janis' signature screech and raw  delivery will live on forever!
B000007T1M|5.0|If you dig hard stuff I think you should buy this cd, pop it in your stereo and hit play as soon as possible. Ive listened to it probably 150 times through and through and I still haven't got my fill. However I  obviously wouldn't reccomend this cd to everyone. To truly appreciate this  modern marvel of digital sound you have to open your mind and listen, let  it all go and this cd will leave you wanting more. I dont quite think this  is a perfect effort but its pretty damn close, those five stars up there  are for fans of the genre. I truly appreciate this title, and am extremely  anxiously awaiting further albums from this band... watch out these guys  are gonna be huge.
0679746048|3.0|I DON'T LIKE THE WAY IT'S PRESENTED : JUMPING FROM A LITTLE STORY TO ANOTHER ONE ; I PREFER WHEN THERE IS A CONTINUATION IN A BOOK &amp; MAYBE THIS WHY I HAVE DIFFICULTIES FINISHING THE BOOK... HOWEVER IT'S A GOOD &quot;REPORT&quot; ON HOW SOME DOCTORS &amp; HOSPITALS ARE ABUSING THEIR  POWER ! ESPECIALLY IN THIS AREA ! THERE IS AN HISTORY OF MENTAL ILLNESS IN  MY FAMILY AND BELIEVE ME DOCTORS WHO SEE A PATIENT FOR 5 MINUTES AND DECIDE  THAT HE OR SHE IS NOT &quot;NORMAL&quot; DO EXIST ! SO FOR THIS AND OTHER  THINGS I'LL MAKE AN EFFORT TO FINISH THE BOOK ...
B00001XT76|4.0|i thought this movie was really good. i especially like all the good music and dancing. i used to watch this movie over and over and over, and then i learned the horrible truth. that, in real life, jennifer gray and patrick  swayze hate each other. this ruined the whole movie for me. i hope i didn't  ruin the movie for you if you didn't already know this.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Bryan Singer's mainstream directorial debut, The Usual Suspects is a movie that seems like any other criminal-based film.  You have your shady characters, the interrogation scenes with the hard-edged cop, an innocent  woman possibly in danger, and of course, bodies bodies bodies.  It all  feels like it's just a nice trip to the movies, thanks to exceptional  acting (with Kevin Spacey winning the Best Supporting Actor Oscar) and a  script that's smooth as buttah.  In the last 5 minutes of the film, you  feel good, thinking that you've figured everything out now.  Then, the  bombshell drops, and brother, it's a good one.  Any movie that twists a  moviegoer's perceptions to the point that they play by the director's and  writer's rules is a good one.  By blinding the unknowing viewer to what's  happening, the ending is set up beautifully.  Absolutely wonderful.  If you  actually enjoy thinking, this movie's for you.
B000002UAU|5.0|Actually this was released in early 1967. Makes a difference because so much was happening so fast. Just think: this came hot on the heels (by today's sluggish standards) of the amazing &quot;Revolver&quot; (with the  amazing cuts &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;--the first hit with string quartet  only[?], and stridently unsentimental spiccato string quartet at that--and  &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;) and the amazing hit singles &quot;Penny  Lane&quot;, &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, and &quot;All You Need  is Love&quot; (the first hit with a verse in seven?). All I can say  is...um...amazing!
B000002GFT|4.0|This album was ecstatically pleasing to the ear.  Jammin melodies over the banjo released a sensation of letting go of all and gettin down.  The beat begs for a dance in most of their traditional songs like Matty Grooves,  Farewell, farewell, and Crazy Man Michael.  Fairport sure knew how to  please a crowd.
B000002HHB|5.0|I beg to differ.  The singles off her debut are the ones I find a little annoying, perhaps because I've listened to them so much.  But I feel it is the non-singles that are the treasures.  Her musings on the midwest life  are romantic and tragic.  Simple stories and passions weaved beautifully.   I actually like the understated music, the bare instrumentation on a lot of  the tracks; it really makes her voice and the story all the more special.   Great cd!
630575067X|5.0|The Phantom menace is an essential part to the Star Wars saga if you are to fully understand all that was supposed to happen in the series. With this movie, much of what happens in the later movies is easier to  understand, which makes The Phantom Menace a must-ahve for any Star Wars  fan!
B00003CWOL|5.0|I am waiting anxiously for this film to be released on dvd.  The performances were wonderful, the writing clean and yet fun.  It is Kevin Smith's best film to date.  Unlike other films that have taken on biblical  subject matter and made a mess of it (with the exception of 'Monty Python's  Life of Brian'), I believe this film keeps it humor.  I believe this will  be a classic in the years to come.
0060263857|5.0|Charlotte's Web is a wonderful book for all readers, young and old. This touching tale teaches about the importance and values of friendship, as well as the pain of losing a loved one. The reality behind the events that  occur allow the audience to relate to the plot. The sense of loneliness and  being without friends and even the event of losing someone that is close to  you are all very real events that can occur in any person's life. I  recommend this story as a read aloud story or as one to read on your own. I  plan to read more stories by this author since I love this one so much!
0671502336|5.0|I don't know what it is that separates people who love Catch-22 from those who can't get past page one.  It may have something to do with the indignant, satirical energy that the book explodes with, or with the sheer unorthodoxy of the mechanics of the writing itself.  Regardless, this is a  novel I have revisted time and again, alternantely finding comfort that  there may be a way to short circuit the madness that is my life, and  sharing Yossarian's exasperation with the unnecessary indignities and  difficulties of life.  In laughing at Catch-22 we laugh at ourselves  and our lives, and although few of us have experienced WWII from a  bombardier's eye view, we have all experienced Yossarian, Major Major, R.  O. Shipman, Dunbar, and everyone else in or even remotely connected with  the 256th squadron.    Sometimes the cosmos laugh.  Clearly Mr. Heller  heard them.
079073639X|1.0|Great Science-Fiction movies have always amazed me with their creativity, tenacity, and bold philosophical messages, they create their own conceivable worlds that actually draw skeptical viewers into their stories.  However, Barry Levinson's Sphere is a far cry from a great or even a good  ScFi movie. Sphere is an incompleted science fiction epic that has  excessively hammy performances from it's leads (Dustin Hoffman, Sharon  Stone, Samuel L. Jackson), an intolerably complex screenplay that makes the  movie way way too talky, and a lack of a cohesive narrative that might have  tightened this long winded movie down a bit. Also Levinson doesn't seem to  know where he's going with this movie. The film's premise and opening  sequence are very engaging and compelling, but once this movie gets under  water it goes downhill from there. What really disappoints me is that this  film had distinct possibilities that under the right circumstances Sphere  might have been another Robocop or Brazil. Yet, commercial hollywood wanted  this film out as soon as possible to make profit, and thus ruined any of  its chances to recoup its budget or make a profit. What a shame! The DVD  edition of this movie is fantastic however.
B000001Y2U|4.0|This music has immense power in it.  It is also the angriest recorded music I have ever heard.  To fully appreciate the effect of this album, you have to listen to it all the way through, and reading the lyrics  help.<br />Musically, one would most be drawn to &quot;Beautiful People,&quot;  probably, with the weird percussion and freaky guitar work.  However,  &quot;Cryptorchid&quot; is a beautiful, short, and unexpected piece of  work.  Be sure to listen to it carefully--the message he has is an  important one.<br />This record is a classic.  I actually really hate most of  Manson's work--but it is good, and it deserves to be listened to.  Buy it.
B00002NDNM|5.0|I've been an admirer of Tom Jones since he took Prince's dull song &quot;Kiss&quot; and turned it into something fun with Art of Noise. Any performer who can approach his art with such a sense of humour both about  the music and himself is worth my respect.<br />With &quot;Reload+2,&quot; Tom  Jones serves up an entire album of such cover tunes. While few of the  tracks have that tongue-in-cheek feel of the &quot;Kiss&quot; song, they  are all interesting interpertations of other people's  hits.<br />&quot;Reload+2&quot; is even more remarkable in the fact that Jones  has teamed up with a wide range of collaborators for this album, many of  whom are somewhat shocking. I'd never been able to conceive of Jones  performing with The Cardigans, Divine Comedy, or Barenaked Ladies, yet on  &quot;Reload+2&quot; he does. There are 15 additional oddball team-ups, all  of which have produced exceptional covers.<br />Stand-out tracks are  &quot;Burning Down the House&quot; (with the Cardigans), Lust for Life  (with the Pretenders), Little Green Bag (with Barenaked Ladies), She Drives  Me Crazy (with Zucchero), all of which display that sense of fun that I  loved about the old &quot;Kiss&quot; cover. &quot;All Mine&quot; (with  Divine Comedy), &quot;You're Right, I'm Left, She's Gone&quot; (with James  Dean Bradfield), and &quot;Sex Bomb&quot; (with Mousse T.) are just damn  cool covers by any standard.<br />Finally, I recommend the import  &quot;Reload+2&quot; over the regular album, which is simply  &quot;Reload.&quot; The +2 are live recordings of &quot;Unbelievable&quot;  and &quot;Come Together.&quot; Both are as fun-filled and worthwhile as the  &quot;Kiss&quot; cover that first turned me onto Jones, and they are well  worth the additional expense.
0446525537|1.0|One of the editorial comments compared this book with A Prayer For Owen Meany.  I am dumbfounded at the comparison - this book is almost smug in its unwritten assertion that it will evoke meaningful emotions from its readers.  John Irving does elicit emotion because he gave some thought to  what he was writing.  I would be embarassed to be seen reading this book by  anyone who reveres good fiction.  I wasted my time on A Walk to Remember.   I should have known after reading Message in a Bottle that Nicholas Sparks  has given up the promise he showed in The Notebook.
B00000DGUY|5.0|This is the best compilation of Dire Straits ever put together. All those who love Dire Straits and the guitar, will love this CD. Ofcourse a few live songs from LIVE AID 1985 could be added to this album. This CD is  truly a tribute to Mark Knopfler and Dire Straits. Its an ever green album.
0446525537|1.0|One of the editorial comments compared this book with A Prayer For Owen Meany.  I am dumbfounded at the comparison - this book is almost smug in its unwritten assertion that it will evoke meaningful emotions from its readers.  John Irving does elicit emotion because he gave some thought to  what he was writing.  I would be embarassed to be seen reading this book by  anyone who reveres good fiction.  I wasted my time on A Walk to Remember.   I should have known after reading Message in a Bottle that Nicholas Sparks  has given up the early promise he displayed in The Notebook.
B000002L42|2.0|...not the Dan at their best.  Not even close.<br />All the energy seems to have been sapped from an amazing repertoire of brilliant, twisted songs.  The good news is:  they can still RIP in concert -- as the current PBS  broadcast of a live show reveals.  They sure as hell haven't lost it... but  &quot;it&quot; was clearly on hiatus during the performances on this  disc.<br />There's so little power in the performance that you almost have to  wonder if this release had more to do with financial need or contract  obligations than showing off their brilliance.  Get everything else (well,  okay, maybe skip Kamakiriad).  But only the most die-hard Steely Dan fans  will find this one worth having... and even then, more for curiosity than  anything else.
0140288503|5.0|Not since reading Krohn's &quot;The Lost Battalion&quot; have I felt so much emotion over a book. A chilling account of modern war that only   &quot;Warriors&quot; who have fought and bled in battle can truely understand.  I read this book and cried for the heros of &quot;Task Force  Ranger&quot;
6305232660|4.0|I can't help but compare this movie to Armageddon because of the similar story of the two films and the time they were released.  But the similiarity ends there.  Armageddon is an action film that throws reality  out the window and virtually ignores the tragedy of the situation.  This is  where Deep Impact prevails.  With a comet screaming toward Earth and  humanity fighting for its life, there is a realistic attitude toward the  struggle that bypasses any last minute, against all odds, miracles and  instead relies upon the human spirit to save the day. Deep Impact manages  moments of both hope and despair in ways that nearly brought me to tears.   This film is not about a comet. Nor is it about the heroes who save the  planet.  It is about the people on that planet and how such an event alters  the course of their lives forever.
0812550757|5.0|a very different book, a very different cast, a very different Ender.  where Ender's Game may have strained you emotionally, Speaker will leave you wounded.  a powerful, compelling, masterfully-written follow-up on Ender's life.  some complain about too many characters, but they're each  very powerfully portrayed and feel like real people.  and the story itself  is music more massive and imaginative that its prequel.<BR><BR> i do  however have one suggestion: read the 'introduction' _after_ you finish the  book.  <BR><BR> buy it and you'll be glad.
B000002H72|5.0|Everyone has a story about their first experience with this album. That is how incredible it is! Every song on Doolittle absolutely rocks. When this record came out I used to purposely miss my bus-stop just so I could listen  to it longer in my walkman before going home from school. Almost ten years  later, and I still take the long route home when this CD is in the car  stereo. If you don't own it...buy it, I guarantee you'll have a story of  your own!
B000007QIL|5.0|this is a most wonderful story.both duvall and jones give outstanding performances.it is a cowboy masterpiece.it is an epic but the western scenery and atmosphere,so well created,never overshadow the characters.it  is a slow burner.relax,sit back and you will surely become immersed in this  sad,happy,humorous,tense,thrilling story based on fact.do not miss it!
B000001FS3|5.0|Despite being nearly 15 years old `The Josuah Tree' is a timeless classic, it is the definitive rock album of the `80s which has shaped all rock music since. `With or without you' (my personal favourite) sums up this album,  with deep, moving, almost spiritual lyrics, which just seem to make you  stop, and think. It doesn't matter what mood your in when you listen to  this album, you'll be mellowed out by the end of the last track. I really  can't put into words what this album means, it really is the album of the  `80s that really sums it up. If you call your self a rock fan, and don't  have this album, then your no rock fan at all, this really is an album  which shaped modern rock, shaped a generation, and made U2 into World  superstars. If you don't own this album, by it now, if you don't buy it I  pity you, this is simply a master piece.
B000007T1M|5.0|What makes these Armenian band from LA different is the abundance of different styles and directions in their music. Definitely coming with their roots from a powerful bone-crushing hardcore metal aggression,  &quot;System of a Down&quot; works their way into a separate music category  with elements of &quot;Deep Purple&quot;-type hard rock of 70's, with a  sarcastic voice of Serj Tankian, soaring at times into monstrous roar, or  plummeting back into a husky whisper. They combine lots of different styles  from aggresive rap to Armenian folk notes. They sing powerful ballads  (&quot;Spiders&quot;), they sing cacophonic mockery tunes  (&quot;Pluck&quot;, &quot;Peephole&quot;, &quot;Sugar&quot;) and culminate  everything with &quot;PLUCK&quot; - probably the most aggressive song.  Their lyrics are well-formed and contain quite powerful images.  This band  definitely has got a lot of potential, which I believe puts them on a  higher level than other similar groups like &quot;Static X&quot; or  &quot;Korn&quot;. Expect this band to rise to the very high grounds in the  near future.
B000003CMB|5.0|This by far is the best album for live performances. In memory of Elizabeth Reed is the best cut. Buy this CD and you have a good start to  a collection.
6305609691|5.0|There was a reason this movie won oscars for cinematography and sound, and those reasons become very clear when watching the DVD. The picture quality is excellent, and the sound quality is, well, above extraordinary. Of  course it's not a historical depiction of the Vietnam War...read The Heart  of Darkness then you will know what the movie is really about.<br />This is  definitely the best DVD experience I have had yet, next to the gunfight  scene in Heat.
6303961592|5.0|I've read that director William Wyler wanted to humanize the unwieldy scale of earlier Biblical films.  He succeeded.  The chariot race may be the hallmark of the movie, but it is the small, human elements that carry the story.  Judah Ben-Hur's love for the slave, Esther; his devotion to  mother and sister and his transformation from the vengeful slayer of  Messalla to follower of Jesus on the road to crucifixion is a character  saga of mythic proportions.<br />Ben-Hur abounds with stirring dialog and  memorable imagery and establishes female characters in strong, defining  roles.  Mother and daughter endure degradation, imprisonment and disease,  living only for the sake of each other and the faint hope that Judah is  alive.  The love between Esther and Judah is a study of restrained passion.   The scenes where Heston and Haya Harareet are together work well, proving  the axiom that good actors generate their own chemistry; (and, for Heston,  it probably didn't hurt that Harareet was a stunning beauty.) <br />A warning  to cultural nihilists:  religious themes abound!  This is, after all, a  Biblical Epic.  Nativity and Crucifixion scenes may remind you of those  \\"Illustrated Bible\\" editions you might have seen in Sunday School.  But, in  the hands of director Wyler, they are splendidly and lovingly rendered.   The Jewishness of early Christianity is never questioned; Esther refers to  Jesus as  \\"...a young Rabbi,\\" a pacifist and healer who ultimately takes the  sword from the hand of Ben-Hur.  Overshadowing all is the heavy fist of  Imperial Rome, its tyrannical rule driving the people to be, in the words  of the departing Tribune, \\"obsessed with religion.\\" <br />As with all great  movies it's the secondary players who invite repeated viewings.  Two lesser  known examples:  Frank Thring, as Pontius Pilate, in a speech rich with  insinuations of realpolitik, cautions Judah against crossing the will of  Rome, (\\"There are many small men of envy and ambition...\\").   And Wyler's  decision to cast veteran actor George Relph as Tiberius was a stroke of  genius.  In contrast to the majesty of his surroundings, the Divine Emperor  looks rumpled and flea-bitten; more like a neglected grandfather than the  power behind the Empire.<br />Some of the SFX may be dated, but, in all the  ways that count, Wyler's rendering of the Ben-Hur tale has improved with  time.
006107327X|5.0|Ever since Batman:The Animated Series first aired, I've always wondered how they did their drawings and what inspired them to draw Batman or Joker like they did. This book gives you all the details with VERY nice pictures  and storyboard pictures of some episode parts. This book has it all, every  single villan and hero from the series is in this book. From information,  to crazy prototype drawings. Also it includes info about The new  Batman/Superman adventures and how come they changed how everyone looked.  The 2 Batman movies Subzero and Mask of the Phantasm are in there too! Why  they chose their story and other interesting stuff. This is definitely a  must buy for fans of the show and the Dark Knight
B000005H4F|5.0|&quot;Autumn Leaves&quot; is one of the smoothest songs ever put to acetate.  It's hypnotic mellowness will capture you on the first listen and draw you in, even if you've got limited taste for the genre.  I've played  it at numerous occasions and always drawn curious questioning and positive  feedback about how real the overall album is and how do they get that  trumpet and sax to sound like that?  We're seriously talking about one of  the 100 greatest albums ever, period, not just jazz, but encompassing the  entire music spectrum.  You will not regret picking this up, do it for you,  do it for the romantic possibilities this record will unfold for you, and  do it because you'll never ever hear a song as smooth and as fluenty  surreal as &quot;Autumn Leaves&quot;.  A geniune classic.
0393307050|5.0|These are the finest historical novels that I have ever read.  They not only provide exciting reading, but they immerse you in the world of late 18th/early 19th century England as nothing I have ever seen before.  I can't say enough good things about the series.  One caveat, however: give  yourself some time to become accustomed to the language.  It is somewhat  sticky at first, but after a short while, it becomes totally clear and  natural.
0151001634|5.0|My english teacher recomended this book to me in high school several years ago and it was the best book i had read up until that point and maybe since. I am goning to buy it just to have in my collection.
B000031WD9|4.0|American Pie. Don't watch this movie if you're looking for a biography on Don McLean! What you'll find is a funny, irreverant, but sometimes sick movie. Anyone who's been through high school will be able to relate to  nearly every scene in this movie, and will find humor at every turn. The  only reason that this movie wouldn't receive 5 stars is due to some of the  extremely graphic content, unfortunately geared towards teenagers. Other  than that, this movie has a great screenplay and some very memorable  scenes... this is a &quot;can't miss&quot; movie!
B0000047EC|5.0|mellow mood music, excellent choice.  Must beware, though, this cd is very low key, not just mellow.
B000002MFN|4.0|Great CD. Some really groovy tunes. Though, it's not very sexy, it definately has the beats and the dancefloor appeal to get you up and out of your seat, fast. &quot;Secret Garden&quot; is a perfect choice for a song  to listen to if you want to calm down. Though, 4 of the songs copy each  other's beats and bassline, this is a great album.
0064430227|5.0|I recently used this book as a review selection for a master's course in education.  My premise was that:    &quot;Harold and the Purple Crayon speaks to the most basic principles of effective learning in the most basic  means:  to be a critical thinking problem solver, one must think in broad  and adventerous terms, reason clearly and carefully, and be  ever-inquisitive.  Most importantly, one must be a risk-taker for without  ambitious risk in the realm of learning the true wealth of knowledge  remains beyond grasp.&quot;<br />Great book for a teacher who's forgotten why  he teaches.
6304806469|3.0|A little boring at times, this is often a very enjoyable movie with likeable characters and some nice animation. Drags a lot. A collection of some very hectic calamedy moments and some serious adult nonsense.
B00000J7S8|4.0|After listening to this album, I couldn't help but remember Irene Kral. Irene was a not-so-well-known jazz vocalist from the 60's, sister of Roy Kral of Jackie and Roy fame.  The selections and arrangements are similar  to the ones found in Irene's albums.  If you liked Irene you'll love Diana.
6301390725|4.0|I enjoyed this movie a lot better than Mary Poppins. It's a lot more fast paced, interesting, and loveable. Forgive me for saying so, but it's my opinion. Like all other Disney movies that match reality with animation,  this is a very insane movie too but seems to promise more fun than Mary  can.
B00000J7S8|2.0|After listening to this CD more than a dozen times I came to realize that Irene Kral was a much more versatile vocalist. This album from Diana is alright but it gets boring after awhile.
B000005RPX|5.0|overkill shows with 3 cd set! on the first night, second, third.....Rockumentary result!  kick arse!
0380973464|3.0|I liked this book.  The plot kept me turning pages, the local lore was fascinating, the cryptanalysis is intriguing, and Stephenson has a way with words.  This book was more absorbing than another ambitious and huge novel,  DeLillo's Underworld (which is a snooze after the first chapter). <br /> So  why only three stars?  Well, first, I was much more taken with the World  War II story than with the present-day story.  Maybe war is just  intrinsically more interesting than business and technology. But I think  it's more than that.  The main present-day character, Randy Waterhouse, is  dull; he's a clueless geek, and it's hard to see how anyone could fall in  love with him.  And I do not want to read several pages describing how  Randy eats his Cap'n Crunch! <br /> Another thing that rubbed me the wrong way  was Stephenson's occasional lapse into a smarty-pants, overly precious  narrative voice.  His omniscient narrator sometimes comes across as having  all of the nerdy superficiality of a Circuit City salesman.  It's like  Pynchon at his most annoying. <br /> Finally, a complaint about Avon Books.  They should fire the proofreader for this novel!  There are hundreds of  typos, including plenty of grammatical mistakes, inconsistent spellings,  and bad punctuation. (I volunteer to proofread Stephenson's next novel for  a mere 1% of the gross!) <br /> OK, rant over.  I still recommend this book,  and look forward to reading the next novel in the series.
B00000J7S8|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CD'S I HAVE HEARD IN YEARS.IT IS SO REFRESHING TO HEAR MUCH PLAYED THE WAY IT WAS MENT TO BE.DIANE HAS A GREAT JAZZ/STANDARD VOICE.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS CD TO ANYONE WHO LIKES TO LISTEN TO  &quot;GREAT MUSIC&quot;.I WISH THESE SO CALLED JAZZ RADIO STATION WOULD  PLAY THIS TYPE OF MUSIC AND LEAVE THE POP MUSIC TO THE BUBBLE GUM STATIONS
0064400557|5.0|I love the story of Charlotte's Web.  I liked it as a child, but it touched my heart just as much when I read it again.  The power of friendship is something that I strongly believe in, allowing me to  completely relate to this underlying theme throughout the novel.  This  story would certainly appeal to children.  It would be a charming book to  read aloud to children as young as age five or six.  It would be adorable  to hear their laughter at certain parts or their reaction to the end of the  novel.  Children who are at the fourth grade level would be able to read  and appreciate this on their own.  I would definitely recommend reading  this and other books by E.B. White, and not only to children, as I would  enjoy doing so myself.  Charlotte's Web is an absolutely enchanting tale,  which combines humor, a bit of sadness, and a true lesson in friendship.
0792140346|5.0|This movie is excellent.  Norton became one of my favorite actors in this movie, which is actually similar to his role in Fight Club (another excellent movie).  If you think you have this one figured out, you'll be in  for a surprise....MUST SEE!
0375703764|5.0|You'll be hearing a lot of hype about this book and its author in the coming months. And believe me, it's all true, and more. Danielewski is a Pynchon for the 00's, if not a Laurence Sterne for our times. The book is as brilliant as you may think, and goes light-years beyond anything else  being written these days. As a first novel, it's nothing short of  spectacular. If MZD writes nothing else for the rest of his life, his  reputation is secured with this opus. Brilliant, unsettling, macabre, the  book is fully worthy of all the accolades you will no doubt soon be  hearing.
0671015206|5.0|This book helped me realize that I had been lied to my entire life.  Being middle class I believed the rich live like on TV -- fancy cars, big houses, money to burn -- it is all a lie!  The truth is revealed in this book.  <br />For me this book created a cosmic shift in my beliefs towards wealth,  spending and earning money.<br />Learn who millionaires REALLY are, and who  the people who have fancy cars and houses are -- CASH POOR!<br />This book has  changed my life and the lives of all  I have recommended it to.<br />If you  can apply even some of the principles used by millionaires you will have a  more secure financial future.<br />Don't wait!  Read this one today!
B0000203YT|5.0|Yes, I think that this is a trully good movie.  No, it is not one of the great cinamatography events of our life time but you should not expect it to be.  I think that if you didn't like it, thought it was too childish, or  boring you were expecting way too much from this movie.  It will not give  you any great insight into the life of William Shakespeare or why he wrote  Romeo and Julliette.  This is just a fun movie with some pretty good acting  (especially Judi Dench as the queen) as some good jokes.  This movie gives  you some stuff to think about if you at first accept that it isn't true,  and was never ment to be even close to it.  You just need to see it for the  experiance.  I recomend that everybody sees it and if you don't like it  than you have tastes that are different than mine.  Going by the Grammys  though and my talking to people I have found that most people agree with me  so the chance is high that if you rent it you will love it.
B000002LOE|5.0|Okay. This album is a godsend.  It is incredibly diverse, from the incredibly popular &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; to instrumentals, such as &quot;Endgame&quot;.  I would bet that at least half of people who bought  this cd bought it for &quot;Losing My Religion.&quot;  However, there are  several classics on this cd.  &quot;Half A World Away&quot; is perhaps the  best song on this cd, period.  It is emotionally charged, sweet, and sad,  and is not nearly long enough.  &quot;Near Wild Heaven,&quot;  &quot;Texarkana,&quot; are also great songs.  &quot;Me In Honey&quot; is in  the same class as &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; and &quot;Half A World  Away&quot;.  Also, is it just me, or does &quot;Belong&quot; get better  everytime you listen to it?  I was never too crazy about &quot;Low,&quot;  but it is certainly passable, as is &quot;Radio Song&quot;, &quot;Shiny  Happy People&quot;, and &quot;Country Feedback&quot;.  If I had to rank the  songs, with one being the best, and 12 being the worst, it would look  something like this: 1.Half A World Away     Rating:10 2.Losing My Religion     Rating:9.5  3.Me In Honey           Rating:9.0 4.Texarkana              Rating:9.0 5.Near Wild Heaven      Rating:8.5 6.Belong                 Rating:8.0 7.Country Feedback      Rating:7.5 8.Shiny Happy People     Rating:7.0 9.Endgame               Rating:6.0 10.Radio Song            Rating:6.0 11.Low                  Rating:5.5
B000000HHE|5.0|It is rare when a hip hop album comes along with a good vibe.  3 Feet is an exception.  There are no egos to be found.  From the first song, Magic Number, it is obvious that this is a special album.  What is amazing is how  young the members of De La Soul were when it came out in 1989.   Singlehandedly changed hip hop.  Showed that it was possible to make a disc  that was fun and had no tint of anger.  Nothing that comes out now is even  close in terms of fresh sounds.  If you think hip hop is negative and it  all sounds the same, try 3 Feet.  Anyone who is a fan of music will enjoy  this.
B00000IQV1|3.0|The movie was not bad. It depicted Patch's school life in more detail than the book &quot;GESUNDHEIT!&quot;.    But if I were a producer, I will make it in a different way. I think what people want to know about Patch is what  kind of a doctor he is, how he cures patients with humor and laughter.  There were some scenes which Patch cures patients as a clown. But in the  movie he was a student. What we want to see is Patch's doctor life. So I  will depict Patch's doctor life.
0060977493|4.0|Darkly disturbing and beautifully writing, Arundhati Roy has written an extraordinary first novel.  Her voice is fresh and ripe with metaphor as the reader is surrounded by the world of southern India.  Told through the  eyes of Rahel, now grown, who revisits the childhood secret she shares with  her twin brother, it speaks of love, life and a loss of innocence.<br />They  live in Kerula, a Christian matriarchal state, with their divorced mother,  blind grandmother, bitter aunt and sad uncle.  It is a world where  impending communism is supposed to be weakening the caste system which has  been rooted in the culture for thousands of years.  It is a world of decay  and disaster.  There's  a skyblue Plymouth, a graygreen river and a world  of wonder for the two-egg twins whose vision is filtered through their  clear-eyed innocence.<br />The story is one of passion and forbidden love told  with fresh eyes while &quot;night's elbows rested on the water and  watched.....&quot;.  It grabs the reader with an emotional quality that  goes far beyond the particular characters and even the particular setting.  This is a book to be savored, thought about deeply, and, perhaps even read  for a second time.
B000002KBH|4.0|This would rank somewhere between four and five stars.  Most of the songs are of high quality. The only one that is somewhat but not totally annoying is Attics Of My Life.  The pace is gosh darn slow, one could fall almost  asleep during it.  Except for the fact that the harmony vocals are quite  out of tune to the point one's brain would wonder,&quot;would someone  please shut up those darn cats?&quot;  Also, alittle too much of Jerry on  Lead Vocals.  I tend to prefer the other guys voices a little more.  Pig  Pen gives his a great rendition of Operator.  Its a shame he had to go,  because his voice was the best.  Phil Lesh sounds good in a mellow sort of  way on Box Of Rain.  And Sugar Magnolia, Friend Of The Devil, Trucking, and  Ripple are great songs no matter hands down.  Therefore, I say groove on  down your record store and pick this one up.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|If you like good music then pop this baby in your stereo. Loaded with jammin lyrics that blow you away; this album gives you a rush every time you hear it. Everyone has his/her favorites, I also have mine,and that song  is &quot; Pretty Fly for A White Guy&quot;;  Which is a very comical and  unusual release from a somewhat unusual group. I highly recomend this album  to any &quot;UNUSUAL&quot; person out there. It is also for yopur so-called  normal person to. That's all for now.
6300182770|5.0|There is nothing I do not love about this movie.  That is all I have to say.
6305781427|5.0|This is a great video. It is probably the best concert I have ever seen. Yanni is magnificent. Also. Ms. Briggs is an accomplished violinist. If you are going to own just one concert in your video library, this is the one to  have.
0684872153|5.0|This book cannot be explained in words. Beautifully written, beautifully told, just a beautiful book. From his early, poverish, dispensary days in Limerick, Ireland, to his promising mentality to be something in his life, the reader is left with an indelible impression. The story and life of  Frank McCourt is a must read, a tale of hope and perseverance in a world  which does not have much.
0375707972|4.0|This is the story of a love affair.  And this it is the story of postwar Germany.<br />I had been tempted to put the book down at the beginning.  At first I was annoyed at what seemed like an awkward translation, too much  description of buildings and scenery and the romantic details of the love  story between the teen-age boy and an older woman.  I'm glad I pushed on  though as the complexity of the story deepened.<br />Questions were raised.  Deep moral questions.  Questions of law.  Questions of conscience.  How  does a generation of young Germans too young to have personally experienced  the Third Reich deal with the past?  How do they view their parents?  What  are the internal struggles of the individuals?  At what point are choices  made?  And what exactly is love?<br />There are no easy answers.<br />This book  examines some unexplored issues though characters so real that I feel that  I know them.  It never answers the questions it raised.  Instead, however,  it enriches perception and understanding.
B00003CWPR|2.0|You folks are nuts. Sorry, I adore Kubrick myself, but this film is just terrible and in Ameria the most beautiful photographed scene is exasperatingly mauled.<br />I've no doubt it might have turned out better had  Kubrick had more time to tinker but in its present form, aside from his  ever skillful camera direction, the film is utterly mediocre. Several  scenes make the teeth grind. The acting is abominable - Nicole Kidman  acting &quot;stoned&quot; is eerily like William Shatner. <br />Alas, if only  the orgy were intact it might be worth a look but as is, your money is  better spent elsewhere.
B00000JJQK|5.0|One of the best, if not THE best, pop albums of all time.  Brian Wilson's magnum-opus dealing with teenage angst and the loss of innocence was a landmark achievement when it was released in 1966 that turned pop culture  on its head, and it hasn't been the same since.  When making this album,  Brian Wilson abandoned the traditional pop album formula which had  consisted of putting together a mishmash of unrelated 3 minute songs (and  one that had worked very well for him in the past), to create a concepual  work almost symphonic in nature.  This new album would contain a definite  theme to which each and every song would pay homage.  PET SOUNDS may in  fact be the first &quot;conceptual album&quot; ever written. Now it's been  remastered and, praise to be, remixed in stereo!  Despite always having a  fondness for the album ever since I first heard it several years ago, I  have to confess that I was always somewhat bothered by the mono sound (mono  was WAY before my time!)  Now at last this glorious music has been given a  new lease on life! Suddenly details in the music I'd never noticed in the  mono version are brought to the fore.  But all that wouldn't mean much if  the music wasn't pretty special to begin with.  Each song on the album is  like a miniature symphony, imbibed with a rainbow of unique sound effects  and musical textures.  And of course, there's those marvelous Beach Boy  harmonies!  Every song is a winner, except &quot;Sloop John B.&quot; which,  despite being a really great song, doesn't really jive with the album's  theme.  My personal favorites on the album are &quot;Wouldn't It Be  Nice&quot; (natch), &quot;Caroline No&quot;, and &quot;God Only  Knows.&quot;  This last song I consider among the most beautiful ever  written- just listen to those glorious harmonies during the fade!  In  conclusion, PET SOUNDS remains an amazing achievement, one that has rarely  been equalled (let alone surpassed) in pop culture, and an album no serious  music collector should be without.  MUST-HAVE!
B000001EHS|5.0|Kool ...i bought this album day before yesturday even though this album was release way back in '95! ...This is A great great album...And i recomed all of u to buy this cd 'cos it contains there best song in it even if ya  not interested in buying there other alb...My fav tracks are &quot;pour  some sugar on me&quot;, 2 steps behind and most of all the incredible  &quot;hysteria&quot;.......P.s  Dosen't the starting of the offspring's  pretty fly(for a white guy) is similar to Def leppard's Rock of ages ?
6305657947|1.0|My wife and I used our free PPV coupon from our new cable TV serice to see &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair,&quot; and we didn't get much for our money.  Pierce Brosnan thought he was still playing James Bond, and Renee Russo's  nude body failed to stir any lustful, let alone romantic, impulses in  either of us.  The story line was none too clear, the life-style of the  rich none too attractive, and the net effect was to make us wonder what  gimmick these two hedonists would have to think up next if their affair  were to last another week.  All in all, this was &quot;an affair not to  remember.&quot;
B00000IMIX|5.0|Dr. Feelgood paved the way for punk rock.  With their high energy, simple, straight forward rock and roll, they made it easier for punk to happen. Down by the Jetty is their debut album; it is a classic.  The lead singer,  the late Lee Brilleaux, growled his way through these tracks.  Lead  Guitarist Wilko Johnson is a musical descendant of John Lee Hooker.  In  addition to the originals, there are top notch versions of the Coasters'  &quot;I'm a Hog for You, Baby&quot; and &quot;Bonie Moronie&quot;.  If you  like it fast, good and simple, then this is the cd for you.  If you can't  dig it, then check your pulse 'cos you're dead!
B00000IGGA|5.0|After reading the other reviews of this CD, I think it's clear that Tom's fans tend to fall into three groups: the fans of his more melodic, sentimental side (as evidenced in his early works), the fans of his more  discordant, hard-hitting later works), and those of us who love both. (Is  there a 4th category of folks who can't stand either?  Surely not.) This  one's got something for all groups.  The sentimental among us will adore  &quot;Picture in a Frame&quot; and &quot;Take It With Me When I Go&quot;  (&quot;All that you love is all you own&quot;) and those who appreciate his  daring instrumentals and experimentation with sound will love  &quot;Filipino Box Spring Hog&quot; and &quot;Big in Japan.&quot;  If you  fall into one of the first two categories, just program your cd player to  skip over the stuff you hate.  It's still worth it.  Me, I play it straight  through.
B000002G87|5.0|This is definitely one of Clapton's best bands. He definitely had something with the Dominos. You can feel, as well as hear, just how good they go together. Every song is wonderful, but the standouts are  Little  Wing, Bell Bottom Blues, and of course Clapton's flagship song, Layla.
1559408758|5.0|Three step simple. One:Re-release the DVD!  Two:Quell the angry mob. Three: make lots of money.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I absolutely refuse to buy the &quot;Americanized&quot; (i.e. wimped out, censored, typical idiocy) version of this movie.  If they were going to release this, they should have released the real thing.  So, 5 stars for  the movie, 1 star for the spineless minions that didn't have the balls to  put the uncensored version of the movie on DVD.
0684867621|4.0|No one really reads a Stephen King novel, they become a Stephen King novel.  His ability to make us feel as if we are in the middle of the woods...lost, alone, and nine years old is astounding.  Although there was  no &quot;evil&quot; in this book it was immensely gripping and in it's own  way terrifying.  The only thing I did not like was the title.  Linda
B0000027KU|5.0|After listening to Who Else!, my only other Jeff Beck album, I lost faith in Jeff Beck. I can't stand Who Else. But this is wonderful. Rod Stewart's vocals, Jeff Beck's guitar, and Ron Wood's bass go excellent together.
076783819X|2.0|Given the events of the past decade, &quot;Arlington Road&quot;  is certainly timely enough to scare an audience.  The movie adeptly plays on our paranoia -- who WOULDN'T be suspicious of the robotically smiling Tim  Robbins and Joan Cusack, let alone their daughter who apparently stepped  out of  &quot;Children of the Corn&quot;  to slum it in the suburbs?  The  set-up is wacky:  this creepy family moves in next-door to a professor of  terrorism  (portrayed by Jeff Bridges).  The overplotted movie soon renders  that coincidence less stunning.  I found myself doubting that the suburban  terrorists could so easily jerk our hero around like a puppet.  As played   (brilliantly, in my opinion)  by Bridges, this character is too high-strung  and downright mentally disturbed to be manipulated into pursuing his own  investigation of his neighbors . . . I mean, this guy looks as if he can  barely tie his shoes.  Bridges'  performance makes you uncomfortable  because his grief over his dead wife is real in an ugly, non-leading-man  way.  It's a brave job.  Robbins, on the other hand, with his militia  haircut and monotone voice doesn't convey normalcy for one second -- it's a  typical  &quot;villain&quot;  portrayal.  Acting like a real human being  would've profited the film, adding to the suspense:  as in, is he a  terrorist or isn't he?  Bridges, with his roiling eyeballs and sweaty face,  is the prime source of suspense herein.<br />The ending, by the way, is a  cheap shot.  The purpose seems to be to shock the audience rather than  follow the logic of the story.
0671688782|5.0|I would like  to express a deep admiration for Dr. Welch and her 20+ years of experience with this therapy.  It is not a fad therapy, but is based upon the findings of Nobel Prize-winning Ethologist Niko Tinbergen and attachment theory scientist Bowlby.  Holding Therapy applies the findings  of these two and other scientists -- mainly that behavior is conditioned,  and that conditioned behavior can be changed -- to the treatment of autism,  reactive attachment disorder and other behavioral problems.  Dr. Welch is  not only a psychiatrist, she is a neuroscientist, about to publish her  findings on the brain chemistry which makes holding therapy work.<br />People  who attend her intensives are desperate - their children, adopted or not,  are often so far out of control that if they cannot be helped they will be  institutionalized.  I have witnessed in two consecutive intensives,  miracles of healing using this technique.  Understanding the brain  chemistry which is triggered makes the process comprehensible and deepens  wonder at Nature's compassion for our egregrious parenting errors.<br />It  seems there exists an energetic web to save us when we fail to connect with  each other, lying just behind the facade of our adaptive personality traits  and coping mechanisms.  That energetic mesh is unconditional love, the  activity of connection, the stimulus to unlimited intelligent  evolution.<br />Holding Therapy places the mother on top of the child on a  soft mattress, belly-to-belly, nose to nose,eyes gazing into eyes, breath  circling from one body to the other.  It's intimate, it's &quot;in your  face.&quot; What this position simulates, the feeling it engenders in both  mother and child, is that experience after birth when the infant is held  tightly and securely by the mother, protected and enclosed, indeed defined  by the mother's touch.  This feeling releases brain chemicals which induce  bonding.  Far from being &quot;abuse,&quot; this tight holding simulates  the symbiotic, synchronous condition of the newborn child and mother. The  mother licks the child's face lovingly, and this action directly releases  oxytocin in the brains of both mother and child.  Once oxytocin is  released, a whole new biochemical environment is created and a new set of  behavioral responses to life conditions is permanently instituted within  each organism.  Thus mother and child both will never act the same  as they  did before this bonding peptide was released. <br />The therapy needs only to  be repeated by the mother and the child, cementing intimacy and one-on-one  communion into their daily life. The results are immediate and  awe-inspiring.  Please keep an open mind -- read the book, and see the  videos, and, if possible, do it yourself.  The results are uniformly  positive, regardless of the family history.  Connection, once experienced,  extends to all other relationships and fosters empathic behavior.  Isn't  this what we're trying to achieve?  God bless Dr. Welch.
0780020685|5.0|Well, wher does one begin on this picture.  It is one of the best pics. ever made.  Kurosawa, knew how to tell a great story.  Like he has so many times before, with Yojimbo, Kagemusha(the shadow warrior), etc.... I have  loved everyone of his moives that I have ever seen.  If you like samurais  and enjoy a look into the past of feudal Japan, or are just looking for a  great movie to watch. This is it. You will not be let down! An thank you to  my hunny, if it where not for his love of Japan and his love for it's  wonderfully rich history, in a people whose code of honor was like no  others. I would have never come to love these movies, and enjoy them as  much as I do now.
B000001U3K|4.0|After releasing his debut solo album to a less-than-ecstatic reception, Lou Reed assembled a band of ill-rehearsed New York teenagers, the Tots, and played a couple of low-key gigs mixing songs from his Velvet  Underground days with a few pieces off that first album, and also some new,  bold, poppy compositions. When on one of his many trips to England, Reed  was introduced to Velvet Underground fanatic and current darling of the  glam-rock scene, David Bowie. Bowie and his guitarist, Mick Ronson, asked  if they could produce some of Reed's new songs for him. Reed agreed, and  the result was &quot;Transformer,&quot; which while not being Reed's finest  album, is certainly his best-known and well-loved by the general  public.<br />&quot;Vicious,&quot; the album's opening gambit, is a nonsense  song inspired by Andy Warhol, enhanced by a bold production and stinging  guitar fills by Ronson. &quot;Andy's Chest&quot; is another song lacking in  the lyric department, but featuring an attractive melody. Reed had  originally tried it out with the Velvet Underground, but it had not found  its way onto one of their albums during the band's lifetime. &quot;Perfect  Day&quot; may well be the best song on &quot;Transformer.&quot; This  poignant tale of a day with a lover (or possibly a prostitute) is supported  by a sparse piano-and-strings backing, and one of Reed's finest vocal  performances - one which proves he can sing when he puts his mind to it.  &quot;Hangin' Round&quot; opens with a sublime bass-slide, and is a tough,  spartan rocker, with another throwaway lyric. However, the good humour  evident in the sarcastic put-downs in this song make it one of the more  enjoyable songs on the record. &quot;Walk On The Wild Side&quot; is Reed's  best-known solo song, and is one of those songs that has such a distinctive  arrangement that no other song sounds like it. This tale of the various  people who populated Warhol's Factory in the 1960s is given a jazzy  treatment, with anunforgettable bass motif, and one of the finest  saxophone solos in popular music. &quot;Make Up&quot; is another jokey  song, which is highlighed by Herbie Flowers' deadpan tuba interjections, as  Reed flirts coyly with the subject of homosexuality.<br />&quot;Satellite Of  Love&quot; is another well-known song from this LP, which has another  strong piano arrangement, backed with curious recorders in the bridge  section. Bowie is very audible on backing vocals during the fade-out.  &quot;Wagon Wheel&quot; is one of the more nondescript pieces on the  record, complete with a bizarre drum pattern (listen on headphones to  appreciate this) which sounds like two drummers playing separate songs in  the same room. &quot;New York Telephone Conversation&quot; is an  endearingly daft song about the joys of gossiping on the phone, ending  after a thankfully short time with a surprise admission of loneliness to  the point of suicide. &quot;I'm So Free&quot; is a glam-rock-by-numbers  piece which shows Bowie's influence. Reed has never sounded particularly  convincing when he claims to be deliriously happy, and the dark undertones  on the similarly-titled Velvet Underground song &quot;I'm Set Free&quot;  are far more impressive. The album closes with &quot;Goodnight  Ladies,&quot; which is a lounge-jazz-styled piece, played by Herbie Flowers  and some of his friends. Lou sound amusingly lascivious on this, and his  cod-maudlin attempt at conveying how lonely he feels is highly  entertaining. With &quot;Goodnight Ladies,&quot; &quot;Transformer&quot;  ends at a high point.<br />Many people will tell you &quot;Transformer&quot;  is Lou Reed's best album. These people are wrong. From a purely pop  point-of-view, one can see the album's appeal. Its mix of saccharine  ballads and simplistic rockers is popular with many people, and there's  nothing wrong with that. However, the people who say this is Lou Reed's  best work almost definitely are not au fait with the rest of his work: if  this is your cup of tea, &quot;Street Hassle&quot; and - gulp - &quot;Metal  Machine Music&quot; will certainly be hard-going for you. I say, appreciate  this album for what it is - a decent album of  slightly-more-intelligent-than-usual pop music, and then sit down and eat  the suet that is &quot;Live - Take No Prisoners.&quot; You are aware that  this makes sense.
B000001ES4|5.0|I picked this cd up without a clue as far as who the artist was or what their music was like. I was so surprised at how much I loved the cd from the first time I listened to it. The White Stones cd is so moving and  beautiful. I am using Poeme to walk down the aisle to at my June wedding.   I thank Secret Garden for giving us such wonderful and inspiring music.
6304039506|5.0|Elia Kazan,s perfect casting of Vivien Leigh makes this a milestone for sure. Brando repeats his great performance from the stage.<br />What better casting is it than to cast a psychotic actress playing ...same.<br />Powerful  T. Williams..all other remakes are way off the mark..
B000002KON|5.0|Ray's second concept album is also among his best. Ray's songwriting is concise and brilliant. This release is quite good but the Castle/Essential Records import has 5 bonus tracks (in both stereo  and mono for a total of 10 tracks plus a previously unreleased track  bringing the total to 11) from b sides, singles, etc. These tracks actually  fit in quite well with Ray's original concept.<br /><br />The UK import has bonus tracks not included on the US release. As to whether or not the sound is better on the WEA release vs. Castle or Essential, it's going to be up to your individual ears. The Essential reissues, however, have bonus tracks not found here. The sound on the Essential releases is decent although this album could stand to use a carefully done transfer to CD. Homefully we'll see a reissued version with bonus tracks in the U.S. remastered by someone like Andrew Sandoval or Steve Hoffman that taps the potential of this classic album.<br /><br />Among the bonus tracks on the Essential releases are the following; classic b sides such as Mindless Child of Motherhood (by Dave), Plastic  Man, King Kong and Dave's This Man He Weeps Tonight make their first CD  appearance with good quality sound (a couple of these tracks were  previously available on the Kronkiles 2 CD set with inferior sound) Dave's  Shoemakers Daughter is a very interesting find. This previously unreleased  track demonstrates Dylan's continued influence on Dave's songwriting voice.<br /><br />For the price the US version sounds really good and if you just want the classic album you can't go wrong with this.
0783219172|5.0|I would highly reccomend this film.  Although it may take some persuasion to get younger viewers to give the film a chance,since it is in black and white.The vintage newsreel type footage and still pictures at the beginning  is imformative and sets the stage for what is to come.  The film portrays  human nature at its best and worst.  At times it is difficult to watch the  blood lust and savagery. Although its about a group of British schoolboys  and the breakdown of society within a small group,it does reflect what  happens to society at large when there is a breakdown in the infrastucture.   When parents,police and other authority figures are not around to uphold  societal norms what would happen if we were left to our own devices?  Excellent film!
B000001FA4|5.0|After years of Hyundai car commercial jingles and Beer adds that have usurped the surface appeal of this ground breaking album it is easy to understand why it has slipped from favor in the U2 cannon. To be fair, it  is not always possible to ask listners to listen to music for its historic  or contextual value. Then again there have been scores of magazines  heralding the virtues of Sgt. Pepper as the finest rock record ever even  though... well... who really spends time having their world view shaken by  the likes of &quot;For the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot; anymore? The point is  that this album, as difuse dreamlike, and well, dated,  as it sounds now  was a shocking departure in its day. This was U2's first stab after  something more &quot;artistic&quot; than the visceral sound of a rock band.  It may well be for this reason that it has offended so many. It is also the  album that really won for them the stature their later work has attained.  String sections, layered guitars, open spacious arrangements that became  the signature of so many '80s acts were introduced to that decade by this  ground breaking work that finally allowed Brian Eno not only to conquer,  but to change the world with his oblique stratagies. The fact that an album  from 1985 should sound so completely familiar and played in another  millenium is testimony to just how much its soundscapes became a part of  the popular consciousness. It is easy not to forgive this album for all the  crass imitations it has spawned, but try, just try listeneing to it on its  own merrits. Listen to the chiming harmonics, and low cello strings, and  wonder just where the ideas to mate the two came from. Miles Davis is said  to have listened to this album frequently during the last few months of his  life. Its musical merits, and earnest youthful atempts to surpass itself  are in fact part of its charm. Its stumbles are not mere errors, they are  unguarded moments and as such they are quite brave considering the  commercial success that the band was guaranteed by simply sitting on its  laurels and playing it safe.
B00003RQNJ|5.0|William Goldman's script for &quot;Butch Cassidy&quot; should be a textbook for budding screenwriters.  The film is exciting, funny, witty, gripping and memorable.  This film reminds you why we enjoy the movies:   not for the current era most typified by George Lucas' special effects,  poor scripts and &quot;shove-it down their throats marketing and toy  merchandizing.&quot;  With &quot;Butch Cassidy,&quot; the crowds were  brought in by a good product, not brain-washing.  Burt Bacharach's  memorable music score, the suporting cast and scenery are added bonuses.   This is a smart film that all ages will love!
6305718954|4.0|I've just come away from watching this DVD. I have mixed feelings. A very interesting concept and one that I have personal interests in; I am not 'religious' in the sense of attending a particular church or faith, but I  have spent many years studying the nature of theologies. It was interesting  to see a film put forward an alternative view to a mainstream audience.  Acting performances were generally good and the visual style added to the  tone; losing colour over time as Arquette fades away. I was particularly  struck by the alternate ending which fitted the general tone of the film  much more than the theatrical release's 'happy ending', increasing the  impact of the film. The film did skim over some parts of the plot and could  have had more substance and structure, but overall I found the film  interesting and enjoyable.
B00004LN16|5.0|a lot of people may disagree, but i haven't seen much from AC/DC since Back in Black.  there's been some individual songs that were great, but no albums that maintained a level of tension that we saw with in albums like  Back in Black, Powerage, etc.  So i just assumed this would be like that;  and i was completely wrong.  While it does slow a bit during the middle of  the album, the intensity picks up again straight through.  for anyone, this  is a definite pick for AC/DC's best work
0440219078|4.0|I really enjoyed this unique book.  Jonas kept my attention throughout the book.  I felt as though I was receiving the memories with him.  Hooray for Jonas and his courage!  A must read for junior readers.
B000002O0B|5.0|If there is one thing I would consider myself an expert on, it is the music of Steely Dan.  (btw - if you don't know where they got the name for the band, I would urge to do a little Internet digging and find this  delightful bit of information.)  This is the only act of whom I own all  their albums (original studio albums...I'll pass on live recordings, Best  Of's and box sets).  For those of you fellow experts, that means I do not  own the song &quot;FM&quot; which doesn't appear on one of their studio  releases, but on the soundtrack to the movie of the same name.  I was 19  years old when their &quot;last&quot; album, Gaucho, was released with its  hit song &quot;Hey 19.&quot;  I agree with all the reviews here about this  work, and I truly can't add any more insight to what these other astute  fans have said.  I had the great pleasure to see them live on the last  night of the &quot;first ever&quot; tour in the summer of '93(?), and of  course it remains the best musical event of my life.  (I saw them the next  summer, too, but the mystery of the first show was hard to beat.)  I would  also recommend with the same passion ALL of Fagan's solo albums.  They are  absolutely wonderful musical packages!  I am going to get the new album  today, and I don't know what to expect, but I know that these artists have  given me (us) a wonderful gift that will last a lifetime.
B00000JY1X|3.0|This would have been one great cd but unfortunately there are two other cds of forgetable and self-indulgent material to contend with.  This box set is a great case of everyone falling all over themselves to praise this  work but  I really think it does NOT live up to all of the tremendous hype.
B000002UAU|5.0|This album changed music as the world knew it-not just rock music, but pop, pyschedilica, the idea of a concept album, and yes, even country.  There hasn't been a band to come after The Beatles that wasn't in some way  influenced by their magnificence.  If you haven't listened to this album,  you don't know music!
B000002KGT|5.0|Apparently recorded when the band weren't getting along, 'Rumours' is such a masterpiece that you wouldn't have guessed.  Such is the display of brilliant songwriting, it's no surprise that 'Rumours'is a famous album.   <br />My favourites are more the album tracks than the singles including 'Old  Dustwoman', 'Chains', 'Oh Daddy' and the beautiful 'Never Going back  Again'.  <br />I originally purchased this album on cassette when I was.  The  cassette eventually fell apart from extensive use, and was replaced by a  second hand vinyl.  I now own a much treasured CD of Rumours.  The vinyl  was passed to my older sister who rates it as one of her top ten albums of  all time.   <br />Most people will be familiar with 'Rumours' as many tracks  were lifted as singles including 'Dreams', 'You Make Loving Fun', 'Go Your  Own Way' and the incredible 'Don't Stop'.  <br />Add it to your collection  today, and enjoy.
6305127689|4.0|I have this movie on VHS and when I got my DVD and Home Theater system it was the first movie I bought.  The sound is excellent and you can feel the jet fighters flying across your room, and with a subwoofer is awesome, you  can note some extreme light noises that you never heard before in the VHS  version.  Quality in images is better than VHS, of course.  But the DVD  version failed in include some kind of extra movie things, like the  theatrical trailer and that stuff.  Anyway, a very good movie for your DVD  and home theater systems.
B00000I8UK|2.0|ezra pound said that in art there's always a fixed element and that expression comes by deviation from it. there's something to this:  no one would sit listening to a metronome for an hour (no deviation), but a  drummer who cuts the pulse keeps our interest.  likewise no one would sit  listening to white noise for an hour (nothing fixed).  now i'll be honest:  i don't hear much in the way of expression on 'out to lunch' because i  don't hear much in the way of structure.  if you love dolphy's work with  coltrane, the five spot stuff, 'far cry' and 'illinois concert' (like i  do), you might really get excited (like i did) by all the talk about  &quot;dolphy's masterpiece&quot;, his &quot;most advanced&quot; effort and  all that.  well be warned:  it's straight up free jazz, though  &quot;free&quot; in this case (like in others) mostly means totally  unhinged.  <br />of course alot of people consider this disc a high-water mark  of free jazz - i have no way of saying it is or isn't, just that i for one  listened close and never got much.
B000002MG1|4.0|AFTP is REM at their very best.  A great introduction to anyone who is considering purchasing an REM album for the first time.  I bought this back in 1992, and it still receives a regular play today on my stereo.   Listen  to gems such as 'Drive', 'Try Not to Breath' and 'Everybody Hurts' and you  will see what an amazing voice Michael has.  The track from Jim Carrey's  latest movie 'Man on the Moon' is recorded by REM and can be found on this  album too.   I bought 'Out of Time' the other week, and it pales in  comparison to AFTP.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I don't get the hype. I've played this several times. I've started in the middle of the CD. I've played one song at a time. And I still don't get it. This is not good music. Caveat emptor! Mr. Santana, who used to be a  premier guitarist, has now resorted to performing with artists who give  themselves juvenile names like &quot;Eagle Eyed Cherry&quot;. Well, Mr.  Santana. It is time to grow up.
B00000GJ2B|4.0|I FIRST SAW THIS MOVIE AS A TEENAGER N IT LEFT A LASTING IMPRESSION ON ME: FOR STARTERS IT INTRODUCED ME TO GREAT FILMAKING; IT ALSO SET TH STANDARD AS TO HOW I PERCIEVE MOVIES(DOES THAT MAKE SENSE?) ..I DO REMEMBER NOT  LIKING TH END OR THINKING IT WAS TOO LONG. SO, I SAW IT AGAIN YEARS  LATER  N WAS PLEASANTLY SURPRISED(BOTH WITH TH END ING N MYSELF) ..TH SARDONIC  UNDERTONE: &quot;I COUL'VE BEEN A CONTENDER&quot; TH IMPLICATIONS ARE  HILARIOUS!
0345350499|5.0|I really loved they authors tecnique and style that was used in writing this book. She shows you sides of the King Arthur charactors that you have never seen before. Everyone has done some evil and no one is all good which  adds contrast an texture to each characture. This novel is written from the  view of women in that period of Britain, these smart, cunning, seductive  and beautiful characters are cast away in other novels as just the bearers  of children. This novel helps bring them the appreciation they deserve. At  first I did not want to read this book because it appeared to long but once  I had read the first few pages I was drawn into the book and couldnt put it  down. I became one with the characters and felt all the sorrow that was in  their hearts especially the lady Morgaine who in mosst other novels is cast  of as a witch and a sorceress. This novel touches upon her deep love for  Arthur that views him as the child she was sworn to protect, her religion  and vows to the Godess which force to her commit horrible crimes that she  wishes not do. This novel has everything adventure, romance, action,  religion and many other wonderful elements. If you read this novel which I  strongly suggest you do you will remeber it forever as the reading  expierence of a lifetime. Ride away to the beuatiful Avalon and explore  enchanting castle of Camelot. READ THIS BOOK!:}(forgive my spelling it is  very late)
B00003CXCK|5.0|I was surprised to see people running around to find something really unimportant or nonsensical to critisize. It's definitely five starts with the idea, the acting, with the girl in &quot;red&quot;, etc.everything in  place. <br />Just don't miss it anywhere any form you hit it - not for the  idea of the holocaust or anything - just not to skip a masterpiece of our  times.
B000002UB3|5.0|To all the neg words in some of these reviews learn about blues and eraly amercian rock. Ok to the real deal Abbey Road is the sound and the way they wanted to wright since they broke through. They sound like a blues band  mixed in with pop. It has the sound quality they have been trying to get  since they started. Its Raw but in a matured way very disaplended. Finaly  this had no experimental type deal that Sgt Peper has, its just a Rock  album and it is alot better than Let It Bleed. To you Zep fans If it wasn't  for songs like Day In the life and She's So heavey  Stair way to heaven  would have not exsited or be as long.
B000022TSF|5.0|This is one of the greatest movies ever. It is the best Noir of the 70's and the best detective movie ever. Robert Towne's Screenplay is a Landmark in Movie History, and so are the score and cinematography. Jack Nicholson  gives one of his best performances (if not his best) as the 'nosy' private  eye Jake Gittes, Faye Dunaway has never been better and John Huston is the  embodiment of evil as the father who commits incest. But this is Roman  Polanski's achievement all the way, his best movie and he'll never top it.  He took the 'noir' genre so far that he reinvented moviemaking while doing  it. One of the greats, a Must-See. From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a  10!
6304836619|5.0|Twists, turns, decoys, red herrings, surprises.  That's the plot.  Amazing, world-class, unequaled, at their best.  That's the acting. I first saw this film as a teen.  It left an indelible impression.  The first time  you see this film you may very well come away as shocked and delighted as  that.  I have since seen it a dozen times and it still has much to offer.   Subtle, intelligent, sophisticated - that's the upshot.
B000000XCA|5.0|I saw John Fogerty in concert in 1997.  Though it was a solo performance, he opened with &quot;Born on the Bayou&quot; and encored with &quot;Proud Mary.&quot;  I find it extremely telling that both songs are on this album  and that he still was using them to bookend his concerts twenty-eight years  later.
B000002UC5|5.0|I just bought this album and I really, really love it. Paul's musicianship is top-notch on &quot;McCartney&quot;. The many instrumental tracks show just what an accomplished guitarist/bassist he is. It's quite amazing when  you consider that Paul recorded this album by himself, playing all the  instruments. I'm really not a big solo McCartney fan, but I like this album  a lot. Any Beatles fan should own this.
B000002OG8|5.0|Argus is Brilliant! One of their best!Guitars that sing and vocals that stir. This band was and is one of the best ever!I saw them multiple times in the UK in the 70's and still get so passionate when I listem to them in  the year 2000.Seldom did they make a bad track and live they were awesome!  Best guitar &quot;singing&quot;  in the world!
B00000ILDE|5.0|I have seen this movie about a million times within the past couple of years.  It was always my favorite movie, but the extra footage actually added to the movie.  It helped me understand the movie alot better.  I know  different people have different taste in movies, but anyone who does not  like this movie IS NOT an action movie, horror, or sci-fi movie fan.   <br />Michael Biehn is excellent!
B00003CWPQ|1.0|The music, nerve jangling.  The movie, absolutely one of the WORST pieces of trash I have ever seen. It is beyond my comprehension how people could like this movie. It moved at a snails-pace and the actors looked as if they  were sleepwalking through the entire film.  I didn't like or feel empathy  for any character in the film.  It was just too weird with too much going  on! I've liked some of Kubricks films, but not this one.  People are just  making a big fuss over it because he's dead.
6301976983|5.0|I always called &quot;The Adventures of Robin Hood&quot; (WB 1938) the one perfect film of all the motion pictures I have seen. No more. It has a companion piece in this outstanding film. All the characters are fully  realized, very authentic types. The dialogue is crisp, wry and to the  point. Art direction, music, photography, screenplay, acting, pacing, etc.  come together under the genius of John Huston. I saw a lot of Hemingway  style attitude in this film. Tim Holt was a Saturday matinee western hero  at RKO, but the times he appeared in big budget films,  &quot;Treasure,&quot; &quot;The Magnficent Ambersons,&quot; &quot;My  Darling Clementine,&quot; he showed definite ability as a very fine actor.  When Curtin describes orange picking time in California, John Huston  underscores it with a familiar Mexican theme. This gives the scene such a  poetic dreamlike quality. The whole film is loaded with these enriching  underlying moments. &quot;Treasure of the Sierra Madre&quot; is like music.  Even after you know the story, you return to it to enjoy the sheer pleasure  of its unfolding.
B00000JGHS|1.0|Demi in all of her silicone greatness cannot bring me to give this trashy film more than one star. What's she gonna do next? Barb Wire the sequel?
B00001OH1S|2.0|There are 3 major songs MISSING from the CD.  The first was played during the breaking out of the horse at the beginning.  The second was during the hot dance scene and the major mistake was not including the music from the  love scene following the hot dance scene.  Maybe a second CD is coming - we  can only hope.  Meanwhile - does anyone have any info on the songs above?   Artist's name?  Anything?  Otherwise what music that is on the CD is quite  good but - geez I hope that the missing songs surface somehow.
B00000JGEO|4.0|I have watched this movie more times than I can remember.  Arnold Schwarzenegger does another hillareous sendup of an undercover spy.  If only being a spy was that fun.  Jamie Lee Curtis mixed with Arnold  Schwarzenegger is a comedy couple matched in heaven.  The story line flows  with ease, you will find yourself wondering what on earth is going to  happen next. If your after a light hearted but very funny movie I recommend  not only seeing this movie but you may as well buy it, because your going  to want to see it again, and again and again.
B00003CXC7|5.0|It was probably about 2 a.m. when I woke from this dream.  I was watching Rear Window on DVD.  It was still the same great movie, but made even better transferred to DVD.  The quality even surpassed that of Vertigo  remastered.  The penguin next to me and some of my old elementary  classmates watched the movie also and seemed to enjoy it.  Though after the  first half hour of the film, I became bothered by the carpet below my feet  that transformed into a deep, blue pool of infested shark water.  As it  turns out, Rear Window is a great movie even when you're sitting next to a  penguin and wary of shark attack.
B000002KO3|3.0|Despite all critical acclaims this is the album that drove me away from Talking Heads. I had eagerly awaited for it due to all the good reviews, and was mightily disappointed when I eventually got it. Not that it is a  bad album per se, but I - as a listener - was moving in the exact opposite  direction.<br />While I have mellowed out after all these years - and I am no  longer embarked in a crusade against all things featuring a danceable 4/4  rhythm - I still fail to grasp the aim of this album.<br />It might be just  me, but I think that &quot;Fear of Music&quot; and &quot;More songs&quot;  are on a different - much better - plane.
B00003CWPR|5.0|the fact that Stanley Kubrick's final swan song received a grand total of zero academy award nominations while traditional and sappy Hollywood fare like Cider House Rules cleans up with 6 noms just goes to show how out of  touch the Academy is with what real cinema is.<br />Eyes is everything a  discerning moviegoer can want in a film: intelligent, brilliantly directed  and acted, flawless cinematography and art direction, and an original story  that doesn't spell out its plot but rather allows the viewer to discover  the film's genius.<br />Perhaps farther down the line people will come to  realize what a superb film Eyes is and how much of a worthy finale it was  for arguably the greatest director of all time.
B000002L82|2.0|With this album New Order started to do their own thing, well distinct from the sound of Joy Division which was still prominently featured in the previous album &quot;Movement&quot;.<br />On the plus side they honestly  decided not to capitalize on whatever success JD had enjoyed, and moved on.   On the minus side - dammit - I had happened to like Joy Division and New  Order's new sound was not only completely different, but considerably more  commercial (according to me, at least).<br />In retrospect it might not have  been a complete sell out, but I judged it as such at the time: this album  sounds much more mainstream that anything they had done before. Good for  them, but they lost me in the way.<br />About the only song I like out of this  album is &quot;Leave me alone&quot;, needless to say it's the one more  reminiscent of their past.
0380730405|5.0|I read Rebecca about a year ago in 8th grade, and I loved it so much.  I started it around 7:00 at night and stayed up until 4:30 in the morning reading it, even though I had school the next day.  I simply could not put it down.  The ending was so suprising, very Gone With the Wind-ish.  The  only problem is that it starts a little slow, so you have to stick it out,  but it is so good, you forget that in the end.  But, just as a warning, the  sequel is not NEAR as good!
B00003OSSN|3.0|Last night I rented Random Hearts and was waiting to be disapointed by the movie since I scaned some of the reviews in Amazon. To my pleasant surprise the movie actually was very entertaining and even though it is a long  running film it seemed to go by quickly. I never had the feeling that the  movie was wasting my time or that the plot was thin. I would recommend this  movie to anyone.
B00000IBRX|5.0|I love this movie.  Everyone should see this movie, they should just have to, they should make it a graduation requirement or something, because this is one of the most touching and moving movies I have ever seen.  The story  of true love that not even hell's fire, literally, can stop, is inspiring.   The acting is amazing, true, and superb.  The amazing visual effects are  breathtaking.  You just could not ask for a better movie.  It's Robin  Williams at his best. I have never cried so hard, but in the end, it's  happy.  It's everything all rolled into one.  It is THE BEST movie I have  ever seen.
B000001FTD|5.0|This is mandatory metal! One of the best thrash albums ever. I dare you not to headbang during classic tunes like the title track, 'One world', 'NFL', and all the others. Fast, heavy, catchy this has it all-MOSH!
B000002AZ8|5.0|BUY THIS CD It has it all.Sweet love songs to blood rushing riffs. Better than ten and darker than them all.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams once again shows us why he is the best at creating classical movie soundtracks!  This CD brings back so many good memories from the original trilogy soundtracks, and it completed the fullness of the movie (I  can't imagine a Star Wars soundtrack without John Williams at the helm.)   This is a must have for any Star Wars fan and I am eagerly awaiting the  future soundtracks to Episodes 2+3!  &quot;Duel of Fates&quot; may be the  best song in Star Wars history! Congratulations to John Williams on a job  well done and wishing you continued success!
6302649943|1.0|Look obviously most of you have not read the book. The ending in the movie is the same as the ending in the book. They face a giant spider who is capable of shape shifting. And for those of you who think this movie is  good, GET REAL! If you want intense characterization, READ THE BOOK! This  TV-movie DOES NOT do this movie justice. You get better insights to all the  characters in the book. There are things in the book that are not even  mentioned in the movie that will scare the socks of you. For scare quality,  the book scares you more than this movie. The movie is comical. Tim Curry  was the only thing worthwhile in it. It did have a good cast, but you do  not get the deep insights to the characters that the book gives you. So  people, please read the book. You'll see why this movie is AWFUL! A note to  Stephen King: Please stop allowing your books to be made into movies,  unless they do it page by page and are at least 10 hours long!
6303187064|5.0|The Crow is most likely the best film that was ever made and will be the best for many years to come. It tells the story of Eric Draven (Brandon Lee) and his girlfriend Shelly Webster, who are murdered by a gang on  Devils Night. A year later he comes back to take his revenge on them, and  is helped by a girl named Sarah. This was Brandon Lee's last film as he was  accidently shot during filming and will be sadly missed.
B000025RAU|5.0|This is a really solid, and intelligent movie. Having said that, it's not the brilliant movie from the first frame to the last that is its reputation. It IS brilliant a lot of the time. But there are a lot of  B-movie elements, plot-wise, in it, and Nicholson's acting is actually a  little awkward in the first part of the film. Then he gets a handle on his  part, and his acting is flawless the rest of the way. And Polanski said in  his autobiography ROMAN, that he wished he had dedicated his life to  acting, rather than directing. But to see his small acting party (where he  cuts Nicholson's nose) in it, is to see a very awkward actor. We can all be  grateful he became a movie director instead. Having said those criticisms:  if this movie were released today, it would be the best movie to come along  in years. Believe it or not, this movie was released the same year as  &quot;Godfather II.&quot; Imagine having two movies that good in the same  year.
0783216084|5.0|For those how thought that Jaws was a medicore film, i would like to be the first to say sorry about your mental health and stick to watching elmo in grouchland. Jaws is the perfect example of a classic. The notion of man  versus beast has been an age old movie idea , but under the direction of  Steven Spielberg , the boring storyline was suddenly an in your face voyage  of terror. Even after 25 years , Jaws can be ranked along The Exorcist as a  true classic , both films still have the power to conjure our deepest fears  and both can still leave our mouths parched after each viewing. After the  initiall Jaws movie , somebody should have stopped and not created such  lame sequels , but hopefully , the much anticipated Jaws will forever  change the outcome of dud sequels trying to cash in on the fear  merchandising market , but only time and hopefully , Mr Spielberg will  tell.!
0783240503|5.0|I saw Joseph for the first time about 4 years ago, and wondered why I waited so long to see it.  I took my older children (then aged 8 &amp;  9) to see it two years later--they loved it, too!  They insisted I buy the  soundtrack CD (also an awesome thing to have), and now my three year old  bops around the house singing, &quot;Go, go, go Joseph!&quot;  Good music,  great lyrics, a great evening for the entire family!  A must for Andrew  Lloyd Weber fans of all ages.
0802130208|5.0|This book is by far, one of the funniest books I've had the pleasure to read. You just can't help laughing aloud, so don't worry if people around you give you odd stares. Too bad John Kennedy Toole wasn't around to  recieve his prize. This book is a 20th century classic.
B00003CWOL|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies of all time. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are showing their comical side for the first time as Loki and Bartleby, two angels kickedn out of heaven for fipping off God. Chris Rock shows up as a  13th apostle, and Mallrat's Jay and Bob try to destroy the angels. This is  a great movie
6303461484|5.0|This movie is exquisitely made. The acting jobs were superb. It is truely terrifying that the killer looked so normal yet was such a monster. It also outraged me that the government made no efforts to help the investigator  catch this monster. An absolutely fantastic and haunting movie.
B00002E285|5.0|When the Wall album came out(yes im that old) I wentthru 2 double albums,1 8 Track tape and two cassettes.I loved that album.I still remember the first time I saw the movie.I rented it right when it came out on video.And  whenit was over I sat there almost numb(Comfertably)and I could only say,  WOW! What a masterpiece of a movie.For so long not really knowing what the  songs meant.Then having them played out on screen.It is awsome, The  animationis one of a kind great.The story line is perfect to every song.  And Bob Geldofis Fantastic as Pink.If you have only heard a few of the  songs or wore them out like me.You need to see or purchase the new  Re-Releaseof The Wall.Now its affordable, Back then they wanted 80 dollars  to purchase it.Its a steal at todays prices. P.S. if you have not heard  Pink FloydsThe Final Cut,Do it.It could have easily been the third addition  to the Double Wall album.
B000021Y74|5.0|This film made my heart stop. I subconsciously held my breath in parts, for fear of disturbing its incredible movement and beauty. What an innovative succession of events! Just when you think it's over, Lola stuns  you again. Watch this film ALONE. Pay attention. The first experience is  key.
0385486804|5.0|This is an outstanding work of literature, one of the most wrenching, most provocative books I have ever read. But it is NOT an adventure story per se. If you are expecting something like Krakauer's other bestseller, \\"Into  Thin Air,\\" you will be disappointed. Yes, \\"Into the Wild\\" tells the story  of a young man who went seeking adventure in the wilds of Alaska and did  not survive. But Krakauer isn't really interested in telling a  testosterone-soaked cliffhanger. Rather, he sets out to explore the inner  life of a very complicated, very idealistic, very intense young man. This  is a very sophisticated work. It is a book about ideas more than actions.  Krakauer was going after big literary game in this book, and he pulled it  off brilliantly.  This book is actually about longing and loss. It's about  our historical fascination with the ever-receding American frontier, and  how that's influenced our national character. That is why the detours  Krakauer takes to tell the stories of seekers other than McCandless are an  essential part of the book. These detours are certainly not mere filler, as  other reviewers have complained (or, rather, they will only be considered  filler by readers who want a rip-roaring adventure tale, and nothing more).  Actually I thought the chapters in which the author goes off on tangents to  write about Everett Ruess, and especially his own adventure on Alaska's  Devils Thumb, were some of the most powerful parts of the book. The prose  in these sections is beautifully crafted. Reading some of Krakauer's  passages, I felt like I was intoxicated. He is that good a writer.<br />I have  read this book 4 times now, and I have gained a better appreciation of the  author's tremendous skill and subtlety with each reading. If you are a  serious reader with an interest in nature or the American West, I can't  recommend this book strongly enough. It will stick with you for a long,  long time.
6304626495|5.0|Brilliant humour in one of the best British comedies ever. Very witty and to some very offensive, especially to religious groups. So many funny and bizzare moments make this a timeless classic.
0140072853|5.0|This is one of the most moving stories in print.  Bellow weaves wonderful philosophical discussions into the characters' dialogues, including the sad and tragic truth that those who need money the most have the greatest  difficulty getting it, and the Bill Gates of the world get richer by  sucking oxygen.  We expect the poor to feel guilty for not having worked  hard enough to become rich, and we absolve the rich of guilt because we  assume they've worked hard to realize financial success.  Either way, no  one speaks up to point out that not only is the American Dream a  dishonorable goal, it leaves all citizens completely devoid of compassion  and love for their fellow man.
6305177473|5.0|While visiting my grandchildren (6, 7 and 2) recently in Belgium, where they are living with their parents for 3 years on business, I watched Parent Trap at least three times and loved it more each time and found it  had a lasting impression on all three of the children, my 7 yr old  granddaughter in particular.  We found her impersonating the video and  dressing like the sisters in the video, wearing the same nail polish,  placing sunglasses on the top of her head, etc. and then came the lingo -  we were hysterical but loved every minute of it.
0679746048|5.0|I am currently a graduate student in social work, and I am always looking for personal accounts of mental illness/depression, etc.  Susana Kaysen briallantly and purposely describes her experience in a psychiatric hospital.  Hopefully, readers will finish with motivation to help change  current mental health policy that effects how individuals receive  treatment, which due to managed care, is many times less than adequate.  I  highly reccomend this book, I enjoyed the movie, but LOVED the book.
B000002KE2|5.0|1972 was a watershed year for hard rock and Black Sabbath both. Luckily, the maturing group was able to spearhead the next part of the Proto-metal Revolution they'd founded with 'Master of Reality' in the form of this,  their best work. 'Volume Four' was a functional, utilitarian name that was  used to try and capture something whose essence could not be described with  any adjective except, perhaps, 'shifting'. Unlike any of their previous  three albums, the Sabs were able to keep their distance from a formula  [more or less homogenous doom rock with the occasional 'let up' (although  their first LP is a mish-mash of blues and the beginnings of their 'doom  rock')] and make this effort become an entire soundscape filled with moving  atmospheres - the ultimate in a heterogeneous texture. <br />'Wheels of  Confusion/The Straightener' - THE STORYTELLER. The whining guitar notes,  basic chord structures and past tense narrative lyrics find an  experimental-minded band. The shifts in tempo were something they'd become  very familiar with by this time but it never had sounded this good.  Instrumental 'The Straightener' kicks in to round out the epic. Geezer's  bass text is used as a canvas by Iommi here as he spatters riff spirals and  twists all over the place. 'Laguna Sunrise' - THE MIND CREATES A FANTASY.  Pretty number written for the beachfront where the Sabs were staying during  their work on 'Volume Four'. A very haunting superimposition of Spanish  guitar over a strings backing.<br />'F.X.' - THE UNKNOWN REALM. 1 3/4 minutes  of sound effects, particularly picking noises. Probably very useful if  you're doped up but much better when sober. 'Snowblind' - ROCK REFLECTION  ON LIFESTYLE. The 'best' rock track of the album, 'Snowblind' was a single.  It accurately depicts the group's concerns at the time. Money and fame had  allotted them nicer cars and nicer drugs to fool with.     'Cornucopia' -  ROCK REFLECTION ON SOCIETY. 'Take a life, it's going cheap; Kill someone,  no-one will weep.' A thundering bass-driven track that's almost uglier in  structure than the post industrial nightmare described by Osbourne's  frenetic lyrics. <br />'Tomorrow's Dream' - LOVE DISCARDED. A short rocker  that scored as a greatest hit. The whole feel here is of turning away from  the woes of the Present and starting a whole new existence. 'Supernaut' -  THE SELF TRIUMPHS. 'I've seen the future and I've left it behind.' Ward's  frantic cymbal-bashing and Iommi's smokingly fast riffs and overdubs  augment Osbourne's grandiose lyrical delivery perfectly. A hard, spiralling  anthem. 'Changes' - LOVE REMOVED. A long piano/synth bit with Ozzy  half-lamenting the joy of love taken away, half-asserting his understanding  of the adjustment he's making to compensate. 'Under The Sun' - THE MIND  REACTS AGAINST REALITY. Very heavy guitar and bass work drones with the  strength of the nihilistic, sometimes self-contradicting lyrics. Soon the  tempo changes and both the guitars and voice become more desperate to  convey their point. The songs ends on a helter-skelter of doomy rhythm and  amorphous riffs. 'St. Vitus' Dance' - ANTI-COMMUNICATION. This short, fast  rocker bounces Osbounre's lyrics back and forth. It's about problems with  understanding the female mind.<br />     Altogether and in a sequence, these  make up what is termed 'Volume Four'. There is but one other ingredient  necessary to facilitate a successful listening - a mind of any type and in  any condition. None of the songs will grow on you; you will see them ever  after in the same light under which you orginally found them. The shade of  that light depends on your perceptions and no two shades will ever be  alike. This is an album saturated in an ebbing, ethereal fluid, one of the  consequences being that the sounds recorded on 'Volume Four' make it quite  impossible to place the whole in any single genre. This is a work that  declares there are an infinite number of idiosyncratic interpretations of  it available. I have given mine here: to find your own, you need to get  this CD.
6303433766|4.0|Juliet Hulme (Kate Winslet) and Pauline Parker (Melanie Lynsky) are best of friends, teenagers in 1950's New Zealand. Their friendship quickly becomes intense, obsessive, and as each pushes their own families farther  and farther away, they wander jointly into a world that is more fantasy  than reality. <br />Peter Jackson's dramatic recount of the true story of  matricide in Christchurch is aggressive as well as imaginative. Jackson's  creative method of storytelling includes a combination of traditional  story, with first person narrative by Pauline, and fantastic lifesize  `claymation' like portrayals of the girls' fantasies. Pauline Parker's own  diaries were contributive in reconstructing many of these events.<br />As  their parents begin to question the `healthiness' of the relationship, a  decision is made to separate the girls from contact. Jackson implies that a  sexual relation existed between the girls as well, and it's this  implication and the resulting separation that ultimately results in the  girl's joint decision to kill.<br />When I first saw this film, it was also my  first exposure to Kate Winslet. Her on-screen presence is so commanding,  it's virtually impossible to take your eyes off her whenever she is on  screen.<br />I understand that, in real life, Juliet made a career as a writer  of mystery stories subsequent to her release, but Pauline is nowhere to be  found.
B000002AHM|4.0|Great playing.....I am a fan of McLaughlin and DiMeola.   Try listening through a good pair of headphones.  Somewhat amusing is when someone in the audience shouts out &quot;DIMEOLA &quot; and the audience shushes him.
B000002JKS|4.0|This is one of my favorite Robert Plant solo album's,I was a little reluctant buying this album when it first came out because I was disappointed with the first 2 solo albums! My favorite tracks are \\"little by little\\" \\"pink and black\\" and \\"sixes and sevens\\" its a little differant style then the other solo albums also alittle less commercial then say \\"now and zen\\" but its well worth checking out, but if you are expecting it to sound like \\"Led Zep\\" you'll be disappointed
0804106304|4.0|I really enjoyed reading this novel.  At times I thought it was a little difficult to understand but the ideas expressed in the novel were great.  My favorite scene is when one of the mothers tells her daughter that it is  a waste of time to cry because it just gives the person you are crying over  joy or satisfaction.  That is only a tiny idea in the book, but this book  is filled with a lot of thoughts and ideas to consider.  THere are a lot of  family ideas throuhout the novel that can be very interesting to read as  well as informative. I would definitely recommend this novel to anyone.  It  is also much better than the movie.
B00003CWPR|4.0|This movie is tedious. Never-the-less, the camera angles, lighting, directing and acting make this movie worth while.After watching, I thought about it for hours. Which is the sign of a good movie (in my opinion).This  movie was very well acted, and the character's motivation was clear. Even  though the story's a bit off center.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I just picked this up because I saw the film over the summer and was stunned by it. The DVD, however, contains that CGI changes that forced the film into an R rating. In addition, it isn't even widescreen. It seems like  Warner Brothers has decided to go ahead and create the worst DVD possible.  It's quite a disappointment. Don't get me wrong, the film's incredible, and  I look forward to watchining it over and over to catch the different layers  of complexity that hide behind its disturbing story. Cruise and Kidman are  at the height of their acting skills (they both should have been nominated  for academy awards) and the story, with the repetitions of each scene  during the night and during the day, is eerie and fascinating. It also says  a lot about experience and adultery and the problems they can cause in  modern society.
B00004LN16|5.0|A warm round of applause,please!  The boys from down under are back with their best effort since &quot;Back in Black&quot;. Every part of this album excels. Angus Young seems to be a man possessed on this. I also don't know  if I have ever heard Brian Johnson sound better. He sings every song with  great conviction and passion. The sound is a very welcome return to the  style the made so popular in the 70's. Phil Rudd is in rare form as are  Cliff and Malcom. Bringing back George Young as producer was a stroke of  genius, and the results are one of the best albums of the last 10 years. Go  out immediately and pick this album up-You won't be sorry!
630521610X|5.0|Scream has to be my favorite horror movie. Hip &amp; Definetly scary! This is truly a classic. It redefined the generation of hooror movies. PArt two, was good but not as good as the first one. Part three isn't as good as the  first one, but better than part two! You better buy this movie.
B00000JGHM|5.0|In the epic crime tradition of Year Of The Dragon and Scarface and Black Rain and One Apon A Time In America comes Heat.Michal Manns taut and provocative crime epic is no less then amazing and gripping in it's 3  hours.It's incredible cast is  definately it's strongpoint with legendary  actors as well as Academy Award winners Al Pachino and  Robert De  Niro.Robert De Niro playing a master thief , and Al Pachino playing the run  down La dectective with his family life a mess and his  job being the only  outside life he deals with, is obssesed and will stop at nothing to catch  this mastermind theif.<br />  In a gritty cat and mouse face off and a  breathtaking bank robbery scene that is no doubt one of the best ever made  literaly 15 minutes of non - stop action involving sevral police and sevral  guns and bullits and bystanders.And to see them sqaure off in this intense  scene is brillant. A short scene in a coffee house you finally see how  these two actors work together hand in hand and what little scene it is  it's still amazing to watch two actors with so much experience collide.<br />  The price of this DVD is amazingly low for such and incredible movie it  is worth every penny and more and the DVD also has 3 entertaining trailers  and incredible sound and picture quality. If you want a movie with both of  these actors or wanna see just one in a good involving story then Heat will  no doubt be your answer,if you want a killer crime saga then Heat is your  answer because it dosent get more involving then this truly epic in every  way.
6305252521|2.0|I didn't really care for this movie.  I got lost in the story and actually fell asleep.  It was a bit creepy to realize that your whole life can be on film but I would rather watch &quot;DUMB AND DUMBER&quot; OR  &quot;LIAR-LIAR&quot; ANY DAY!
B000000W9Z|4.0|The best of Bowie since his low-heroes-lodger period.This music is the sound of the future , everytime i listen to it makes me think of the film &quot;Lost highway&quot;. REAL ART.
B000002L9J|5.0|Well, there is no emotion existing in a human being that is not touched and awaken by this outstanding piece of ART, I may say freely. This is what is pop all about. The humorous rage opening the album on &quot;The Queen Is  Dead&quot; and living in &quot;Bigmouth...&quot;, their greatest  &quot;hit&quot; ever, endless sadness and self-pity on &quot;Never Had No  One Ever&quot;, the real POEM that deserves its place in any book of  contemporary English poetry (&quot;I Know It's Over&quot;), up to the both  cheerful and pesimistic &quot;The Boy...&quot;... Not to mention the real  masterpiece of all times &quot;There Is A Light...&quot;, with its verbal  and melodic perfection. Not to mention all the songs one by one, each one  deserves a word... No doubt, the best English poetry (behind the hatred  there) lies in the verses of pop poets. Especially Morrissey. There is an  emotion that never goes out   (of style). I could not be more positive.
B000002BSV|4.0|While listening to this i feel lovely, everybody else looks lovely to.Suede is the best cure against adultness , sometimes i really get sick of them but that is when i start analyse them. Dont do that , just enjoy  being a lazy neonchild looking for the meaning of everything.
B00004LN16|5.0|This album is a must buy for any hard rock fan. If you enjoyed Powerage, Highway to Hell, and Back in Black, you are sure to enjoy this one. Produced by George Young, AC/DC has returned to their roots in an  impressive manner, even if the band members are over 50 years old!
0679731725|1.0|This book is the most booring book I have ever read. Nothing really happens, and unless you are interested in an old butlers sick manners and strange behavior dont read it. Izhiguro can really writes pages up and down without getting anywhere. &quot;What is a great butler?&quot; is the  main question in the book. I cant say Im interested to know about it. The  love story between him and Miss Kenton is also not very exciting, if you  want to read a romantic book - dont read this one.
0446910201|5.0|I finally got a hold of this book, off an old friend who has tons of books lying around.  Yes, it's worth the read!  Try to get it if you can.  I'm sure there are a lot of people who don't believe Rubin Carter is innocent,  since the police are never wrong.  Well, it's time to face the facts.  Read  this book if you can find it.
B000021XS0|5.0|Since I got this CD, I haven't stopped talking about it!  It's such a great representation of how talented Dream Theater really is.  Their use of musical elements, such as polyrhythms and modulation, is amazing.  I've  never heard any other band as good as Dream Theater.  I'm also very  impressed with their making the album an entire score for a play.  James  LaBrie's vocal work is dynamic, yet dramatic.  Great Bass work from John  Myung.  Impressive, inventive guitar from John Petrucci.  Atmospheric  keyboard and piano from Jordan Rudess.  And, my favorite part of the band,  Mike Portnoy, is without the most amazing drummer I've ever heard.  No  matter what type of music you're into, you'll find some that is great on  this CD.
B000002U82|5.0|This is a masterpiece. It has to be the greatest concept album ever released (yes, better than sgt. pepper). Breathe was an excellent way to start this epic, and seems to set the stage for Time, an unrecognized epic  that really makes me think about myself. Brain Damage is superb too, while  Us And Them is an intresting ballad-type song. The only lack-luster song to  me is Eclipse; it just doesn't seem to be a proper ending.........maybe if  it had a few more lines without the all that you's &amp; was combined with  Brain Damage I'd like it better. <br />I don't like the lyrics on Money at  all, but the words to the other songs are really poetic &amp; excellent.  The lyrical ability of Robert Waters approaches and perhaps in certain  instances even surpasses the greats(i.e., Bob Dylan).<br />&quot;Ticking away  the moments that make up a dull day You fritter and waste the hours in an  off hand way Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town Waiting  for someone or something to show you the way<br />Tired of lying in the  sunshine staying home to watch the rain You are young and life is long and  there is time to kill today And then the one day you find ten years have  got behind you No one told you when to run, you missed the starting  gun.&quot;<br />I could praise this album much more, but it would take forever  to say all I wish to about it.
B000001FKY|5.0|Hysteria contained seven charting singles plus a defacto 8th hit in the B-side Tear it Down (fueled by their performance of it at the MTV music awards), amazing by any feat, putting Lep in category with only a handful  of other artists. (Michael Jackson, Bruce Springsteen, Janet Jackson). The  remaining 5 tracks on the album are all very good, with the exception of  'Excitable', the one weak link in the Hysteria machine. Any of the other  remaining songs (Gods of War, Love and Affection, Don't Shoot Shotgun, Run  Riot) could have easily been yet another chart climber during the 4 years  that spanned Hysteria and their next release. <br />  So with all this  consistency, why do I not rate Hysteria the best of Leppard's Best? For one  thing, the songs, while all great, seem to have lost their 'bite' that  Pyromania (The Best) had. This is due in part to Steve Clark's drinking  problem, which hurt his guitar playing on the album so much Phil Collen had  to take lead for a good 75% of the material.<br /> It's also due in part to  Rick Allen's mech-drum kit, which made every song go at a slower tempo than  it could have been. Give the man props for drumming with one arm, but it  really could have been a little faster. The only real fast-tempo rocker on  the album is Run Riot, and even that seems a little too 'pop'. <br />  Def  Leppard always did their hard rockers better, Pyromania was a perfect blend  of pop and rock, even 'Euphoria' has more of a rock edge than Hysteria.  Hysteria leans a little too much towards singalong lyrics and loud drums  than their patented guitar attck.<br /> Finally, what really killed the album  was the constant scrapping of material, and the use of three different  producers. There's no telling how utterly amazing this album could have  been had Def Lep stuck with Jim Steinman (of Meat Loaf's Bat out of Hell  fame, 35 million copies sold, end of ad) as their producer. <br />  As is,  these are all flaws that I'm sure no one cares about.  Hysteria sounds  perfect while it's playing, and only in retrospect does one see that it's  just not QUITE Leppard's finest work.  It still is arguably the best  pop-metal we're going to hear in our lifetimes.
B00000K31Q|1.0|How original a poplular good looking guy is forced to hook up with an unpopular girl as a foavor or bet. Gag!Didnt they make like half a dozen movies like that last year.This probably was the worst with bad acting and  some of the worst dialogue since... well since a long time
B00000JCB2|4.0|This group is great. I usually don't listen to any kind of rock music but, Limp Bizkit changed that. When Fred worked with Meth it was the bomb! I hope these guys continue in what they are doing.
0671042858|2.0|Stephen King's attempt at blending sports with &quot;horror&quot; is a failed one. This book is all just suggestion. It is just a big obsessive thought of this lost little girl who is only having an argument with her id (Fruedian Psychology). The god of death, who is supposedly a huge monster,  without giving the ending away, is not that much of a monster after all. He  is not even that strong.  King also tries to include some theme in his  novel. He tries to say that God does not help anybody, and is to busy to  answer her prayers.  I think Stephen King is running out of ideas. This  book was probably more for teenagers than for adults. My advise, don't buy  this book. The movie will be better, if they are actually going to make  one.
B00000I14Z|5.0|This is not only remastered, but actually the takes are restored to their original splendor without the tape edits made for time on the original LP version.  Hence the remastering gets to the original tapes, a generation  back from what we had heard before, and we get a clean warm beautiful sound  on this issue that makes you feel as if you're right in the studio.   Previous versions of the album (and the original CD issue) were swamped in  reverb, but here we get closer to the music actually played by Mingus'  band.<br />The recordings are great.  I don't consider them the pinnacle of  Mingus (I prefer his bluesier Atlantic recordings) but they are great and  this restoration is full of mood, full of craft, and long overdue.
0345347951|5.0|A classic.  The fact that it is still read and enjoyed after half a century says it all.  Methinks that the reviewers who sniped at this wonderful book were obviously weaned on garbage the likes of Independence Day.
B0000047GA|5.0|Blues, rock, and jazz are all in here but strained down to their essence and played with tremendous energy.  Three virtuoso musicians coalesce into something great.  This is a wild wild wild trip and the music is a real  layer of sonic energy.  Williams' drumming it at its greatest and most  idiosynchratic, and McLaughlin's guitar playing combines the best elements  of his work with Miles and early Mahavishnu.  Unlike anything else ever  recorded and a real underappreciated classic work.
B000002NIW|5.0|ok this is probaly the best all around cd ive heard . the deftones just rule and with chino at vocals , damn their just good. the hardest core song is &quot;headup&quot;, and other cool songs are &quot;in my own summer  (shove it)&quot;, &quot;lotion&quot;, and &quot;dia the flu&quot;. if you  like hardcore music this cd is a very good buy!
B000003N7Y|3.0|Indeed these are mostly old tunes, and I preferred the original versions.  I think this album's entirely overrated and actually represents the start of a long stale period for Mingus, compositionally.  Plus the recording  quality's not that great here.
B000002JS6|5.0|Wanted to say about juvenile lyrics that to a non-english-speaking guy as I was almost when the LP came out, one loves this album because of the pure musical pleasure it conveys. I could destroy my hand hitting walls as hard  as possible with my fist when listening to these incredible tunes. Other  times I would be moving like crazy banging my head like Angus when it was  played during parties. Still today at 32, I love every second of these  tracks to death. Hell's bells paving the way to heaven ..
6305169187|4.0|This movie was a really good representation of what the world would be like if something like this really happened...  How people would react, and the emotion that is brought out in the character's...  Not only were  emotions brought up, but a sense of family within the world as we know it  was also incorperated in this movie.  I don't give it 5 stars because of  the repeatedness of this issue in film production.
6305718954|4.0|I  saw this film before it was reviewed by msjor critics (something we ahould all do) and was greatly impressed by it.  The photography and special effects in particular are very strong.  Byrne and Arquette did a  credible job considering some ackward scenes and dialogue.  Sure, it is no  Excorcist but excellent in its own right.<br />I was surprised to see how  mercilessly it was bum rapped by many critics although not by the  amazon.com commentators.
B000002HMH|5.0|Golly Rikki et al,<br />As another 32-yr-old fan who's also been there nearly since the band's inception, I have to admit to something.  It does not surprise me that people who cannot follow the evolution from The Wait, No  Remorse, The Four Horsemen, etc. to Master of Puppets, Sanitarium, One,  etc. cannot recognize the continued metamorphosis into Load.  <br />Shania  Twain has some ditties waiting for you, kids!
B000002BSV|5.0|Suede's homage to everything questionable (bi-sexual love, heroin addiction, squatting etc.) is hilarious and sad, overt and supressed and just bloody good music. These pop tunes have a heart and soul.  If you're  British you'll understand where this angst is coming from and why it's  still okay to feel happy as you listen!  What people raised in the US get  from Suede's lyrics I'm not sure.  I'd be interested to know...  Like what  do you think &quot;left seven sisters for a room in a seaside shack&quot;  means? <br />The albums in order of importance<br />1.  Suede 2.  Sci-fi  Lullabies 3.  Dog Man Star 4.  Coming Up 5.  Head Music<br />Check out Bernard  Butler's first solo effort &quot;People Move On&quot; too.  It's not  anything like Suede but it really grows on you and gets under your skin.   Good snogging music.
630441403X|5.0|One of cinema's greatest love stories,which could follow in a line with True Romance,Badlands,Bonnie and Clyde,The People vs.Larry Flynt and Show Me Love(which I haven't yet seen,but have a gut instinct about). Leaving  Las Vegas is a story about unconditional love-the 'i'll accept you no  matter what' kind of deal. He's a drunk,she's a hooker,but as the couple  trust each other completely they don't do anything to change these  facts,despite sometimes being pushed to the limits. The movie is  bleak,dark,darkly funny at times and the love story isn't exactly  beautiful-due to it's incredible realism. The characters are living hard  lives and there are no lighthearted moments in the movie-but despite  this,the couple find something in each other that is hard for us as  outsiders to understand,but I couldn't help but feel somewhat touched by  the way the relationship was acted out. Elisabeth Shue as Sera,was  wonderful but the movie truly does belong to Nicolas Cage as Ben-who moved  me to tears more than once with his astounding performance as the drunk on  a mission to drink himself to death but along the way,wins the hooker's  heart. A brief two words to sum up this movie as a whole-pure genius.
6300214354|5.0|This movie is a riot! It is miles better than anything in the &quot;Naked Gun&quot; or &quot;Airplane&quot; series. You laugh and laugh some more throughout the entire movie!  Even Val Kilmer is funny.  I also liked  seeing Omar Sharif and Peter Cushing, even though their parts were small.
B000006NPY|4.0|I've been a smashing pumpkins fan since gish, and I have to say i didn't really like this album the first time i heard it.I had huge expetations after &quot;mellon coolie...&quot; so i actually found this boring and  presumptuos.But after a while, i decided to give it another try and it  ended up growing on me like only few other records did.It has a different  style from their previous works, which might dissapoint a few individuals,  but it's still a very good album.
B00003XB8K|5.0|WOW...Carmina Burana will never sound the same- Camera Obscura is just a great song that makes you want to get up and smash a window or just scream at the top of your lungs- it's mind music. Cretu's style of combining music  from all over the world with rap beats of a sort is just beautiful- not to  mention his own creative lyrics and musical interludes that accompany all  those other sounds. I thought Enigma3 was pretty darn good....but i'm  starting to love E4 now. The Enigma theme may sound repetitive, but it's  hardly comparable to anything else and possibly the most unique sound in  modern music.
0060926317|5.0|What a wonderful tale of how life really can be when you open your heart and love the way we were all intended. This author was able to, in only 187 pages of captivating reading, sum up how rich, fulfilling and joyful life  was for these amazing &quot;Real People&quot; and too, how life was meant  to be for all human beings. It uplifted me into a higher plane of  consciousness. Thank You Marlo Morgan for such a wonderful experience.
B00000FC5H|2.0|After reviewing the selections on this CD,I found  myself wandering;&quot;WHAT ABOUT THE REST OF THEM?&quot;. I grew up with this group on my stereo and there  is so much more of EWF that this compilation  is  lacking.It's a good collection,but I would venture to try and collect  their entire collection before resorting to buying this.
0060926317|5.0|What a wonderful tale of how life really can be when you open your heart and love the way we were all intended. This author was able to, in only 187 pages of captivating reading, sum up how rich, fulfilling and joyful life  was for these amazing &quot;Real People&quot; and too, how life was meant  to be for all human beings. It uplifted me into a higher plane of  consciousness. Thank You Marlo Morgan for such a wonderful experience.
6304383827|5.0|Ya know, the first time I attempted to watch this video I made it through 15 minutes then shut it off...I just couldn't get into it! I tried again 3 months later and WOW! Emma is now one of my all time favorite movies!   I've seen it about 20 times!  It's funny, romantic, has beautiful music  and is just so entertaining. Highly reccomended!
6305313687|5.0|Wow...I wasn't too keen on watching this film based on its premise, but it is truly one of the best films I've ever seen. Not many films would dare to peer into the cancer that is white supremacy, reveal its twisted yet nearly  convincing logic, yet show that there can be a redemption of sorts. <br />The  most thought-provoking scenes occur during Derek's (Edward Norton)  transformation in prison. Here, he finds that everything is not as he  thought it was, and that some injustices are very real. He eventually  befriends a black inmate who unconditionally treats him as an equal  (despite clearly knowing Derek's racist views), and soon learns that his  friend is serving 6 years for a mere theft that has been trumped up to  &quot;assault of a police officer&quot;, while his own sentence for  murdering two black men is lesser. And yet this does not come off as some  preachy statement on the injustices faced by blacks who commit crimes  versus whites. The film levels the playing field quite admirably. Avery  Brooks does a fine job as Sweeney, a black teacher who recognizes the blind  hatred in Derek and consequently in his younger brother Daniel (Edward  Furlong), who is swiftly following in his brothers footsteps. Sweeney,  reflecting on his own youth, sheds light on reverse-racism in growing up  black. Both Edwards (Norton and Furlong) deliver intensely real  performances.<br />This film, like no other I have seen in recent years, so  well conveys the concept that the only real enemy is not to be found in  another person, but in the blind, untempered hatred within us fueled by our  fears, insecurities and misunderstanding.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Kubrick's final movie is a testiment to the detail he demanded of his materpieces.  The sets were beautful, and the directing even more so.  Both Nicole and Tom Cruise portraied their charcters perfectly.  A must see for  any Kubrick fan.  But, for those who like nice family movies, be aware.
B000002I2G|5.0|This was truely one of Jim Morrisons masterpieces. Although Krieger wrote the magority of the songs, this is still one 4 Jim. The pure poetic power can be felt by one and all and the reason all people hate it is cause they  fear it. They fear to have there god publicly insulted and asked not to be  petitioned. They fear wanting to touch one another. they fear the darkened  chase of grizzly bears hot on there heals.but most of all they fear change.  Too bad if you do because the soft parade has not only begun, it's a long  running part of life. Don't listen to the music if u don't like it but  please let the music fill ur room and allow the lyrics to take you away.
B000002GEY|5.0|One thing is for sure, Supertramp's sound doesn't get mistaken for something else. This is a unique band with a unique sound. I admit that &quot;Take the Long Way Home&quot; is my favorite, but this record has a  lot more to offer. It starts off in a powerful way with &quot;Gone  Hollywood&quot;. &quot;The Logical Song&quot; is a classic with it's great  lyrics. &quot;Goodbye Stranger&quot; has a strong melody and describes a  situation which stimulates the wild streak in all of us. Then there are a  set of tracks that collectively reflect thoughts of angst and uncertainty.  &quot;Child of Vision&quot; is a wonderful track that wraps-up the  collection and seems to reinstate some (albeit always tenative) stability.  The lyrics of this album, in my mind, reflect some of life's more common  experiences, including the cathartic conclusion. It's a great album for  casual listening and provides intelligent lyrics, some of which I can  personally relate to, and is a permanent member of my &quot;Hall of  Fame&quot;.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|The person who wrote this, even the person who THOUGHT of making this movie should be banned from EVER going into Hollywood ever again!<br />I must agree with &quot;viewer from the moon&quot;. An African-American raised by  Native Americans is a Secret Service agent *right* after the civil war?  Sounds like something that *should've* happened in the past, but is  COMPLETELY ridiculous. Don't give this movie your time.
B000002H33|5.0|It's been over 10 years since I first listened to Master of Puppets in '89, and it happened to be my first taste of Metallica and needless to say I haven't stopped listening to them.  I have bought all the CD's since but  this is the one I love to sing along to.  I also want to say to all the men  who say something about it.  Yes I listen to Metallica, I love Metallica  and just get over it.  Girls can listen to them too!
B0000029DD|5.0|I have had this album for a while now and still I cannot believe, as a fellow songwriter, how beautiful this music is. His voice is &quot;flying&quot; through his music the way only Robert Plant can do also.  The musicians play with a lot of care.<br />As artists of the 90's, Buckley,  Cornell and Vedder really do it to me.<br />I highly recommend Ben  Christophers to fans of this kind of music. He is a new English talent with  great sensitive writing skills.
052594527X|4.0|This was one of the most satisfying and imaginative novels I have read in quite some time.  While probably not a &quot;classic,&quot; it is certainly a book that I'll remember and think about for some time to come.  I found  myself surfing the web for sites containing pictures of Vermeer's paintings  while I was reading Chevalier's fictionalized account of how they came to  life.  The author has a great eye for the sometimes mundane details of  day-to-day life and her dialogue is sparkling.  This is one book that is  well worth reading!
0399231919|5.0|A great book for the imagination.  It inspired us to go outside and see what shapes our &quot;Little Clouds&quot; were becoming.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I really didn't like this album at first.  I really liked Paranoid Android, but the rest seemed sluggish and boring at first.  It was only after a few listens straight through that I caught on.  The entire album is  full of beautiful melodies and Thom Yorke's incredible voice, against some  of the most biting genuine social commentary and depressing insights.  This  album proves you can still be interesting and weird while not ignoring the  idea of making good music.
0465068359|5.0|The horrific and unpunished atrocities committed by Japan's army would make Justice cry behind her blindfold.The methods of execution were meticulous and they were brutal.I was especially shocked at the most  digusting and indignifying thing that could be done to women.The Japanese  government and army abducted thousands of innocent girls to be  systematically raped by its soldiers.The book suggest Japan should pay  reparations,which is meager considering she trades $2 billion dollars in  her Tokyo stock market everyday like its candy.Hans Frank,the &quot;Slayer  of Poles&quot;,said &quot;A thousand years will pass and still this guilt  of Germany will not be erased.&quot;Germany has said she's sowwy and has  rid herself of her Nazi manipulators,but crafty Japan still harbors rapist  and muderers who trot around in public in their little designer suits.The  truth will eat at her heart no matter how many baths she will take,its no  wonder Japan is a nation obsessed with hygiene!
B00003CWL6|1.0|I saw this move thinking &quot;wow this should be great&quot; i truely didn't get what was sooo good about it, i watched it 10 times thinking maby i missed something, I DIDN'T i really think these should be burned, folks  this movie is weird with a poor script it is has no one story line. I am a  huge fan of movies and can at least say something nice about a movie but  not this one. A WASE OF TIME!
0553212737|4.0|If I could do it over again, I would read Jane Austen's Emma before I read her Pride and Prejudice.  Unfortuanately that was not the case.   I loved it nonetheless.  Emma combines witty humor and a fun cast of characters  that makes for very enjoyable reading.  It does not read as quickly or  as  easily as Pride and Prejudice, but it is still great fun!<br />If you have  seen the movie Clueless starring Alicia Silverstone, then you know the  basic plot. The 1995 movie was adapted from Jane Austen's novel, which was  published in the 1800s.  The Miramax version of Emma is done very well and  should be viewed after reading the novel, not before.  It would make the  reading even slower.<br />Emma Woodhouse is a young woman who is the socialite  of her small English town of Highbury.  She is beautiful and wealthy and  popular; everything that girls nowadays want to be or imagine themselves to  be, so she is not terribly hard to relate to.  She is not terribly smart  but humorously clever and witty. <br />This novel displays this young woman's  journey to self-discovery and love; along the way she humorously meddles in  everyone's lives.  Her romantic blunders are extremely fun to read about.    I recommend this novel to any avid reader, but I should caution you against  reading Pride and Prejudice beforehand, but if it is too late, do not  hesitate to read it.  And even though it may drag a bit, bear with it; the  ending is reward itself!  <br />Needless to say Emma will always have a place  in my heart and on my bookshelf.
0060977493|5.0|This book is a fascinating story about a family in India. The story is not told in one move, but jumbs back and forth, gives insights into the future, drops hints and goes back to the beginning. This makes it very intriguing  to read. Especially with the colourful language the author uses. The little  details of a twin's life are stressed and the author spends line after line  on a certain smell or colour or taste. She plays with the words like other  people play with toys. Very intriguing and fascinating. And it gets people  to start thinking about the little things in life, the purpose of life and  about love. The love laws of who should be loved and how much...
B000001A3H|5.0|Yes, this disc is one that I've had lying around for quite some time.  Excellent stuff here!  Songs like &quot;Green Machine&quot; and &quot;50 Million Year Trip&quot; are friggin' awesome!   This one album has inspired  my own guitar playing.  it is definately a highlight in my own rock/metal  collection.
0804106304|4.0|In The Joy Luck Club by Amy Tan, we see the cultural differences between the lives of eight women.  Four of them are mothers who grew up in China and later immigrated to the United States.  The other four are their  daughters who were born in America, and raised in a deep forest of American  Culture, but they are nearly oblivious to their mothers' mysterious pasts.       Tan Focuses on the vast differences between Chinese and American  Culture, which focuses deeply on the generation gap between mother and  daughter.  The mothers all have stories to tell.  Usually, they have to do  with honor, and tradition, whereas all that the daughters care about is  men, money, and &quot;ice cream.&quot;  The mothers and daughters often  have their fights or conflicts about how things should be done or treated.   It is a story that many women and their mothers relate to.  Even though  they are different in many ways, the mothers and daughters are very much  alike.  It just takes a little bit of communication, cultural bridge  walking, and an exclusive thing called The Joy Luck Club for them to  realize it.       We recommend The Joy Luck Club to anyone who likes to  read about different cultures, mothers and daughters, or to people who just  want to read a good book.   We guarantee you a variety of emotions when you  read The Joy Luck Club by Amy Tan.
B000002KYK|5.0|I don't know what some of these people are talking about, I thought this was a great addaption of the real music. The Flugelhorn player Chuck Findley was great in Blade Runner Blues, And how can you put down Tom Scott  on Love Theme, the man is awsome. I thought that this was an great version  of the songs, and I recomend it to anyone with a taste for jazz or good  music.
B0000087QO|5.0|I have owned this on both cassette and CD and must have listened to it a hundred times.  &quot;I Know But I Don't Know&quot; is the only weak track.  Everything else is as good as it gets and stands up to repeated  listenings.  The term &quot;infectious beat&quot; must have been invented  for Blondie, and the lyrics are unusually intelligent for an American group  -- so the whole effect is sort of what you might have got if Jim Morrison  had written for the Partridge Family.  This is surely one of the top five  albums of its era.
6305426651|5.0|This is by far, the best movie I have ever seen. I've been left speechless. You must see this amazing film to understand what I mean. It's impossible to put the movie in words...
0060977493|4.0|If you like fast-paced literature, then you probably won't like this book. If you like to linger and savor beaded words, then you'll probably enjoy this story. I read that A. Roy did not edit this book.  It was a first  draft.  I must say that whatever energy the author was trying to capture,  she succeeded masterfully.  This is the type of book that hits you a few  days after reading it.  It makes you think about the small details, and the  sensory sentences that just doesn't leave you alone.  Some people hated the  ending. Even A. Roy was taken to court because of those last pages for  allegedly violating indecency laws in India.  I have to say that the last  chapter was quite memorable and appropriate. It went beyond the laws of  society, and the laws of most literary ending.  It ended in ecstasy.
6302921384|3.0|A somewhat corny, but good action packed thriller. There are many problems and mistakes in the movie to. Mainly in the begining sequence before the women has a problem. 1&gt; You would never rely on one peton as a peace of  transport equipment. 2&gt; If the clip of her harness broke it would not  release her. Her leg loops would still be on and she could easly recover.  3&gt; When Stalone went to rescue her, as he reached for her with one hand  the other had was holding his entire body weight up. (there was no weight  on the pully or the carabiner. He should of just let go of the wire and  reached for her with both hands. 4&gt; When the man says the cable is not  rigged for two people, that is only because of the damn peton. The cable is  7 gauge and could hold over 25Kn about 5620 lbs. and the helicopter could  hold twice that much. 5&gt; There is no such thing as a bolt gun.
B000002KE2|5.0|I am only a fan of the Ozzy years of Sabbath, and I love this album. &quot;Vol.4&quot; is without a doubt the most unique of the first 6 Sabbath albums (the best ones). This album probably has Sabbath's best lyrics and  some of their best music. Songs such as &quot;Tomorrow's Dream&quot; and  &quot;Supernaut&quot; really show the talent of Sabbath. This album also  marked the newer more experimental Sabbath, it has more substance to it  than the first 3 albums do. This one also features more distorted guitar  playing by Tony Iommi, which is some of the best sounding ever. This album  may not be as complex as the next two Sabbath albums (Sabbath,Bloody  Sabbath and Sabotage, which are actually the best), it still packs a huge  punch that is worth your money and your ear.
1558908455|5.0|The first time i saw this movie, i had no idea that halfway through it was going to turn into the best vampire movie ever.  Anyone else who wants to try to do better is an idiot.  This is my favorite George CLooney film, and  he should stick to toughguy roles like this one.
B000002KIK|3.0|While this album falls extremely short of the creative material on their first 6 albums, it still isnt that bad. Its a bit like Technical Ecstasy, only a little better. The music is good, Tony's riffs are quite awesome on  this album, but Ozzy's lyrics and vocals are just horrible on this one.  Technical Ecstasy had bad music and bad vocals, atleast this one has got  some good music to it. Undoubtedly the best song here is &quot;Junior's  Eyes&quot; because of the electrifying guitar riff and Ozzy's deep touching  vocals (the only song on here that has good vocals). But this album is a  bit excusable considering the problems that they were having at the time  with drugs and legal battles, but this is still not up to par. I just dont  see how a great band like Sabbath could make 6 great albums from 1970 to  1975 (ending with that masterpiece &quot;Sabotage&quot;) and then make that  horrible &quot;Technical Ecstasy&quot;, i would really like to know. But  this one is somewhat of a comeback since it is a bit better than  &quot;Technical Ecstasy&quot;, but it still has no comparison to the first  6 classic Sabbath albums.
B00000AFWW|5.0|Celebrity Skin is a brilliant, shimmering guitar-driven album that showcases everything from divine hallucinations induced by orgasms (&quot;Hit So Hard&quot;) to the posthumous gross commercialization of a  certain grunge artist's musical legacy (&quot;Playing Your Song&quot;) in a  style that is as serious as it is tongue-in-cheek.  Undoubtedly one of the  best musical works of the nineties (a list which includes their 1994  breakthrough, Live Through This), Celebrity Skin blends variety, musical  genius, lyrical fortitude, and unabashed irony.  Prelegend lead vocalist  Courtney Love isn't afraid to illuminate her songs with intense intimacy  and a self-proclaimed warped view of California crumbling into the sea, not  so much as flinching about fans' frequent accusations of selling out (which  9/10 times indicates a great record).  The real hero here, however, may be  Eric Erlandson, the songwriter and man behind the axe, who has an  incomparable ability to create sickening-sweet atmospheric riffs and  (without any warning) rip into them in cutthroat, perfect punk rock form.   Boasting no throwaways and a sonically perfect soundscape, the sometimes  underrated Celebrity Skin is a destined classic and a must-have for all  serious guitar rockers, whether you like Love or not...
B000002KB8|4.0|The first Black Sabbath album may have sounded like the best music ever when it first came out, but it's not the best Sabbath album overall. While it has such memorable songs as &quot;N.I.B.&quot; and &quot;Wicked  World&quot;, it is still not as good as their later work (Sabbath, Bloody  Sabbath is their greatest album). The music on this first album lacks some  creativity and harmony. While it is good and worth buying, if it is the  first Sabbath that you buy, then you buy some of the later Sabbath stuff  such as &quot;Volume 4&quot; or &quot;Sabotage&quot;, you wont listen to  this one much anymore. This is great for a debut album, but the next 5  Sabbath albums are much better in ways of harmony and production. So buy  this one first, but dont let it trick you, Sabbath progressed with every  album (up until Technical Ecstasy), so the next 5 albums were much better.
B00003CWPR|2.0|Vastly disappointing from a director like Kubrick.  I don't know what he saw in this script that he wanted to do it after such a hiatus but it did not transfer to screen.<br />First, the opening scene of the ball is far too  long and boring.  It lasts 40 minutes and contributes nothing to the plot  of merit.<br />The impetus for the plot - an &quot;almost&quot; affair by  Kidman is ridiculous.  Cruise goes on two nights of underground sex because  she would have but didn't have an affair.  Right.<br />Then you have the woman  whose father died wanting him on the spot with the man's body a few feet  away.  Right.<br />Then you have an almost doctor, now a piano player, being  invited to these high class orgies of the super rich.  Right.<br />Then you  have Cruise stupid enough to take a taxi to this orgy.  Right.<br />And the  ending is so stupid.  The one word that Nicole says is what I said after  the movie ended.<br />The only plus is the photography and atmosphere the  movie is set in.  It does keep the eye if the brain is turned off.
B000002KDO|5.0|This is definitely Sabbath's heaviest album with Ozzy, containing such tracks as &quot;Into the Void&quot;, &quot;Lord of This World&quot;, and that masterpiece &quot;After Forever&quot;. This is definitely one of the  best of the 6 magical Sabbath albums. While this one has 2 acoustic  interludes, they arent fillers, those 2 tracks are great. This has been  called Sabbath's heaviest album, and for good reason. The bass is so loud  and heavy on this album that you can almost hear it over Tony's  electrifying guitar. The lyrics of this album are among Sabbath's best,  &quot;After Forever&quot; would have to end any speculation of them being  satan worshippers. While this album is better than the Self-titled and  &quot;Paranoid&quot;, it is still not the best. This album is a mix of  &quot;Paranoid&quot; and the next album &quot;Vol.4&quot;, but it is an  extremely great album that is worth listening to, because you will spend  hours listening to this.
6305750750|3.0|in my opinion the plot line was just not there.  However, I can see that this was needed in order to pull all the characters together to fit the remainder of the story through to Episode 6.  As far as the Special Effects  -- this film shows some of the best that I've seen.<br />Personally, I will  not be purchasing this title until such a time that it is available on DVD.
B000002KFJ|5.0|This is one of Sabbath's greatest albums, this one is tied with &quot;Sabbath,Bloody Sabbath&quot; as being their best album. It seems true that Sabbath got better and more complex with each of their albums, the  first album was good, then the next albums just kept getting better and  better. Once Sabbath reached &quot;Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath&quot; (their  creative apex) they seemed to have kept the sound of that album for this  one also. &quot;Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath&quot; and &quot;Sabotage&quot; set  themselves apart from the first 4 Sabbath albums because they sound much  better. It appears that when Sabbath reached &quot;Sabbath, Bloody  Sabbath&quot; they wanted to keep the same sound, and that is exactly what  they did, &quot;Sabotage&quot; sounds identical to the music and the style  of &quot;Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath&quot;. Both of these albums may be a  little slower , but that makes them more melodic and complex. The way the  last two(of the six)magical Sabbath albums sound is much better than the  first 4. So buy this album and also buy &quot;Sabbath, Bloody  Sabbath&quot;, they are Sabbath's greatest works.
0140177396|5.0|This was a great book.  I enjoyed it from the front cover to the back.  Steinbeck's desriptions made you pity the characters you were suppossed to, and hate the characters you were supposed to hate.  It's not difficult to  read, and the ending was a real shocker.  Another thing I like are the  hints that Steinbeck drops to foreshadow the futures.  There are two events  which mirror each other, except for the fact that they are between  completely different characters.  I won't say what it is, because it will  give stuff away.  So, all in all, it's a great book, and really deserves to  be read.
B000002C1Z|5.0|I once saw the 8 track of ANIMALS at a flea market.  It was kind of weird, because the song DOGS was split in two to fit in TRACKS one and TWO on the 8 track. The listing was like this:<br />1. Pigs On the Wing Part 1<br />2. Dogs  Part 1<br />3. Dogs Part 2<br />4. Pigs<br />5. Sheep<br />6. Pigs on the Wing Part  2<br />I don't remember seeing POTW3, but if it was on there I wish I bought  that 5-dollar thing.<br />I'm not gonna review this album, because it simply  is a great album.  Buy it.
B000002LFZ|5.0|excellent album,i was 11 yrs. old when stevie and lindsey joined FM,i have been addicted ever since,though every song on this cd is worthy to be included,there are so many missing,LANDSLIDE,SECOND HAND NEWS,GOLD DUST  WOMEN,for the FM aholic there is alway's the box set[the chain]all FM  albums are terrific,this greatest hits package is definitley worth  having.listen to stevie's SARA,by far her greatest writing ever,listen to  her hidden message at the end of the song,her most powerful word's in the  song and if your not listening carefully you miss what this song is really  all about{loss pregnancy and love}...THERE'S A HEART BEAT AND IT NEVER  REALLY DIED..then she tell's him SUFFER ALITTLE LOUDER.....killer  statement,i'm crying with her,you must buy this cd if it's not aleady apart  of your FM collection.
B000003Z4C|5.0|I first heard &quot;Loverman&quot; on Metallica's &quot;Garage Inc.&quot; cover album.  I was playing video games and jamming to all of the cover tunes when the opening strains of Loverman came on (&quot;There's a devil  waitin' outside your door...&quot;).  As I listened my skin started to  crawl and I scrambled for the booklet to see what sick, depraved human soul  wrote such a WRENCHING tale of lust and longing.  When I saw &quot;Nick  Cave&quot; and the album name &quot;Let Love In&quot; I H-A-D to buy it.  To my utter astonishment, Loverman was only one of many WORKS OF MUSICAL  and LYRICAL ART on that album.  Please, whomever reads this review--give it  a chance.  Buy it, borrow it, whatever.  Just HEAR it.  My favorites are:  Do you love me? -- It's groovy, the words say a ton about doomed, futile  love; it's like Hoyt Axton meets Darth Vader! Jangling Jack--It is an  obvious statement on America, and Cave gets the point across by going  INSANE right there on the album.  He sounds like a rabid killer himself.  But the music is shreddin' as well, see? And, the COOLEST SONG ever  recorded, Red Right Hand--I can't describe how sultry, ominous, and  creepily suave this song is.  Listen and you'll understand what I  mean.<br />By the way--EVERY other song on the album is AWESOME as well!  I  love them all.  Oh, and Loverman is ten times better than the Metallica  version.<br />I love this album because with every song you can smell, feel,  and see vivid pictures, textures, colors.  I know this review is sort of  long-winded, but the album means that much to me.  It IS art.
0446310786|4.0|Recently, I had the opportunity to read this great book. &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; is a must read. The characters are deep and very human. Harper Lee is a wonderful author. She makes the characters come to life.  Even though I'm still in high school, I could really feel what they were  feeling through her narration. Everyone go get this one!
6305657947|4.0|High quality DVD !<br />As I watched again and again the (new) Thomas Crown Affair, I realize I came to enjoy it more and more. Dense entertainment: action, tumultuous and steamy romance, inspired direction from McTiernan  (\\"Die Hard\\", \\"The Hunt for Red October\\"), and appropriate musical score.  Good performances from Brosnan, Russo and Leary.  A tour-de-force for Rene  Russo (&quot;tougher&quot; in her portrayal of the insurance agent than  Faye Dunaway in the original affair), considering the fact that in real  life she is very much unlike the character she plays in this movie (see  Russo's press and TV interviews).  Kudos for Pierce Brosnan - much better  and diversified delivery here than in all his three James Bond  impersonations.  (The wonder of the last 007, \\"The World Is Not Enough\\",  is Sophie Marceau - not just good looking, but a good actress !)<br />No, I am  not saying we should ever go out steal Manet, Monet, Degas, ... as a  passe-temps, but, we do like this film because no matter who we are,  deep-down in our subconscious mind lies the desire to be successful, which,  somehow means being wealthy enough to allow us to indulge, satisfy all our  needs, whims, and caprices, to be \\"rewarded\\" with an absorbing and  adventurous life.<br />Pierce Brosnan and Renee Russo's affair is, perhaps,  more alert, technical, and graphic (adapted for the 90's) than the original  one involving Steve McQueen and Faye Dunaway.  I have distinct praise for  the 99 rendition of this fantasy, but I believe Steve McQueen and Faye  Dunaway are better actors (watch their other films), and their 68  performance is just better.  Do not trust me !  Watch both films on DVD or  VHS, and decide.  Steve McQueen has presence, is sure of himself (that is  what makes a man sexy !), and Faye Dunaway does not have to wear a  see-through dress to make us feel she is sophisticated, beautiful, and  desirable.  The dialogues there are shorter, sparse, and to the point.  Exquisite direction (and good use of the split-screen tech) from Norman  Jewison teaming with Michel Legrand who raved us with the Oscar winner  \\"Windmills of My Mind\\".  The 68 \\"chess seduction scene\\" (subtle touching,  teasing, warm eyes) has no equal in the 99 film, and the \\"chemistry\\"  between the characters played by McQueen and Dunaway is more  intense.<br />There is more entertainment packed in the 99 film, while there  is more film in the 68 entertainment !  Enjoy both affairs !(and good use of the split-screen tech) from Norman  Jewison teaming with Michel Legrand who raved us with the Oscar winner  \\"Windmills of My Mind\\".  The 68 \\"chess seduction scene\\" (subtle touching,  teasing, warm eyes) has no equal in the 99 film, and the \\"chemistry\\"  between the characters played by McQueen and Dunaway is more  intense.<br />There is more entertainment packed in the 99 film, while there  is more film in the 68 entertainment !  Enjoy both affairs !
B000002NC4|5.0|This is one of my favorite records of all time.  The guitar work is superb in subtle ways.  Every time I listen to it I hear something else that I like.
B000006045|5.0|I got this CD yesterday and listened to it all night.  It's amazing.  I was wary about getting it because I've never really been a Massive Attack fan.  That's all changed.  &quot;Dissolved Girl&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot;  and &quot;Black Milk&quot; are my favorites.  This is great driving (at  night) music.
B000002UAR|5.0|It's quite difficult to write a review with so deep feelings involved. Revolver is the very first album I ever got and all my opinions about pop &amp; rock music in general are built towards it. It was October 1980, I  was 12 and everything has started in that moment.  To the poor fellows who  can't understand the genius of this album: let your ears bring to you the  unique magic of Revolver just one more time. It's superb hearing such  diverse tracks, from the catchy &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot; to  the simply incredible &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;. You won't regret of  this!
0345350499|5.0|This story is a definate must for any lover of Arthurian History. Marion Bradley's telling of the story of Arthur is unlike any I have ever read. The story is told mainly by Morgaine (Arthur's half sister) and Vivianne (Arthur's aunt)and the lady of the lake, as they fight to keep the old  (pagen) reigion alive in Brittania. Arthur is sworn to be the Defender of  Avalon who will keep the Goddess alive in the world of men. Vivianne's  plans seem to be go correctly until Arthur marry's Gwenyfar(a pious and  Fanatical Christian) who manipualtes and persuades Arthur to Betray his  oath to Avalon. Written in perfect detail the characters seem almost  non-fictitious as this book will capture you relentressly from beginning to  end. There are not enough words in the world to describe the impact this  book will leave.
B000002UAR|5.0|It's quite difficult to write a review with so deep feelings involved. Revolver is the very first album I ever got and all my opinions about pop &amp; rock music in general are built towards it. It was October 1980, I  was 12 and everything has started in that moment.  To the poor fellows who  can't understand the genius of this album: let your ears bring to you the  unique magic of Revolver just one more time. It's superb hearing such  diverse tracks, from the catchy &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot; to  the simply incredible &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;. You won't regret of  this!
0345350499|5.0|This story is a definate must for any lover of Arthurian History. Marion Bradley's telling of the story of Arthur is unlike any I have ever read. The story is told mainly by Morgaine (Arthur's half sister) and Vivianne (Arthur's aunt)and the lady of the lake. They fight to keep the old (pagen)  reigion alive in Brittania. Arthur is sworn to be the Defender of Avalon  who will keep the Goddess alive in the world of men. Plans seem to go  correctly until Arthur marry's Gwenyfar(a pious and Fanatical Christian)  who manipualtes and persuades Arthur to Betray his oath to Avalon. Written  in perfect detail the characters seem almost non-fictitious as this book  will capture you relentressly from beginning to end. Their are not enough  words in the world to describe the impact this book will leave.
0804106304|4.0|The Joy Luck Club is a wonderful blend of Chinese history and American lifestyle shown through the eyes of four mothers and four daughters.  Intertwined by the club, the eight women share their stories of childhood,  adulthood, and the life in between.  Amy Tan uses characters memories  to take the readers back to past experiences and pains, vividly displaying  the differences in Chinese and American customs.  The daughters dont  understand many of the things that their mothers are worried about.  Things  like a slightly tilted house, or a wobbly table are not among the things  that the daughters find important; as Chinese women, though, these are  critical observations to their mothers.  Miscommunication brings  conflicts and confusion into the story many times.  In one of the families,  the mother marries an American man.  He often doesnt know what his wife  has just said because she mostly speaks in Chinese.  In other situations,  too, the daughters translate for their mothers who dont know the English  word.  This only widens the gap between mother and daughter.  With age,  some of the gaps were bridged.  As children, the girls saw their mothers as  confusing, and sometimes paranoid.  The mothers saw thier children as  disobedient Chinese girls who were rejecting their heritage, and not as  growing American citizens.  They soon realized that the other one was only  expressing what they had learned from where they grew up.  While the  mothers want their daughters to be happy in America, they also refuse to  let them forget their Chinese heritage.  Amy Tans Joy Luck Club is  simple and straightforward, but dont let it stop you: through this  simplicity lies undetected meanings, bringing mystery to the characters and  complexity to the book.
038532653X|3.0|Skellig is an unrealistic yet unique book which is also profound.  It gradually describes Skellig, leaving you beguiled as to what Skellig really is.  David Almond has produced a really powerful intensifying book which  pulls at your heartstrings till the very end.  This  unforgettable,'unputdownable'book is a book worth remembering.  I would  recommend this book to anybody who desire to read something special.
B000035Z2L|1.0|What a stupid movie!  I usually go for those cheesy high school movies about dating/kissing/prom/etc., but this is ridiculous!  This movie made me sick.  Yeah, kids think about sex all the time, but is it really  appropriate to make this kind of movie about it?  And everytime I thought I  could keep watching just to see how it turned out, they introduced  something even more disgusting.  I couldn't even finish watching it.  Do  yourself a favor, don't even start it!
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido's music has a way of sneaking up on you. I've been watching Roswell since the series premiered, and only recently did I feel the need to find out who it was that sang \\"Here with me.\\"  When I received the cd from  Amazon, I listened to it in my office at work. Since I keep the office door  open, I couldn't play it too loudly, because I did not want to disrupt my  colleagues (what can I say, I'm a nice guy). \\"Here with me\\" is the first  cut on the album, and it didn't really impress me. I listened to the rest  of the album, and still wasn't impressed.<br />However, as I listened to the  cd a second time when I got home, I was liking it a whole lot better. And  the thing is, it gets better every time I listen to it. Dido's voice is  natural and yet full of emotion. She never gets unnaturally loud. And the  backing instrumentation is very professional, with a driving rhythm that  doesn't get boring. The only other female singer I am familiar with who  sings so naturally and emotionally is Sade Adu. Tracey Thorn of Everything  but the Girl comes in a close second (Dido and Sade hit me closer to the  heart). I can and do listen to \\"No Angel\\" several times a day now. This  album is simply awesome. All of the songs are better than good, and they  are not all cut from the same cookie cutter mold. Dido, like Sade, infuses  her songs with a beauty that's timeless and emotions that will never fail  to touch your soul. That is, assuming that you have one and that you are in  touch with it :)
0440219078|5.0|My 12 yr old daughter was reading The Giver for her 6th grade book group and got annoyed when I borrowed it from her each night, finishing it in three, when she had to read it with her class, a chapter at a time. I loved  this book, it reminded me much of Ira Levin's book This Perfect Day, which  is also about a perfect society where someone questions it's structure and  rules. Actually , I loved the idea that children were encouraged to try out  career choices-we should all be able to do that ! My daughter and I both  wished there had been one more chapter, so we could see what Jonas would do  with his new knowledge of the real world beyond the fabricated one he's  always known.
6305657939|4.0|This movie was quite entertaining, even though i am not much of a pierce brosnan fan, the story was interesting, and rene russo's wardrobe was awesome!  i loved and wanted almost every outfit she wore!  Whoever did the  costumes for this film deserves kudos! I haven't seen the first film yet,  but I imagine it is probably better.  This film was entertaining but not  one of the best of 1999.
038532653X|5.0|My 12 yr old daughter had recently read Skellig in school and was refering it to others, so I picked it up and read it in a day. Being English myself, I loved the language and flavor of Skellig, the mystery of who he was and  why he was there. I loved the side plots of the girl next door and  Michael's sick baby sister and even whisper, the cat. It is a beautifully  written story suitable for all ages.
B000003CKH|5.0|This album is as sweet as they come. Most of the songs are upbeat like &quot;The Distance&quot;, but the slow songs (well, excluding the last one obviously by it's title) you don't even realize they've slowed... Really,  if you like Cake (hehe, pardon the pun) and want a CD with some  &quot;oomfph&quot; and &quot;YAWWW! &quot; thrown in the mix, this CD  delivers sing-song qualities that you'll be humming and spinning for weeks  (and possibly even longer...) This CD will grow on you.
B00001U0E1|5.0|What's great about this movie? The acting, the period sets, and the comedy complimented by a rapid pace. This movie will probably offend those who insist on historical accuracy, but it was never meant to be a documentary.  Neither is it just empty entertainment, or another &quot;diversion&quot;  (of which our age is filled to excess). This is a story told well and with  sufficient fidelity to history to satisfy the intellect, witty humor for  mirth, and emotion to engender empathy. The music is well done also. The  two commentaries are necessary because of a curious lack of economy in  their presentation. Still, the DVD extras are noteworthy. I give the movie  5 stars and the DVD 4.
B0000041Z3|5.0|Las interpretaciones de las Sinfon&iacute;as de Jan Sibelius por Lorin Maazel con la Filarm&oacute;nica de Viena, son sencillamente EXTRAORDINARIAS, indudablemente que como set completo de las Sinfon&iacute;as, no hay nada mejor que Maazel/Viena.  Individualmente existen algunas versiones mejor logradas que Maazel, el  caso m&aacute;s evidente es la quinta de Bernstein, tanto en NY como Viena. El  sonido de Decca es espl&eacute;ndido, como grabado ayer,  no obstante que son  grabaciones de los a&ntilde;os 60. Maazel tiene mucho cuerpo en los cl&iacute;max y una  concepci&oacute;n de gran espiritualidad de la m&uacute;sica del gran finland&eacute;s. Adem&aacute;s  que es un &aacute;lbum incre&iacute;blemente barato, dif&iacute;cilmente conozca otro caso donde  con tan poco dinero se obtenga tanto. Las versiones nuevas de Maazel con la  Pittsburgh SO, son de inferior calidad.<br />100% garantizado.<br />Francisco J.  Mu&ntilde;oz.
0767824571|5.0|Just too damn funny.  For anyone who for some insane reason has NOT seen this film yet, I recommend a double feature:  Start with &quot;Excalibur&quot;, which is a totally humorless retelling of the King  Arthur legend with tons of money spent on costumes and sets etc.  Then go  on to Monty Python's &quot;Holy Grail&quot; and be ready to laugh until you  are doubled over in pain and unable to move.
0800128052|5.0|The film accurately portrays the Spirit of Oklahoma!  While set in Notre Dame, Indiana, &quot;Rudy&quot; is really about the son of an oil refinery worker and third of 14 children, Daniel &quot;Rudy&quot; Ruettiger, who  rose from valleys of discouragement and despair to the pinnacles of  success. This is alot like Oklahoma!   Today, Rudy is one of the most  popular motivational speakers in the United States.    It took years of  fierce determination to overcome obstacles and criticisms, yet Rudy  achieved his first dream-going to Notre Dame and playing football for the  Fighting Irish. As fans cheered RU-DY, RU-DY, he sacked the quarterback in  the last 27 seconds of the only play of the only game of his college  football career. He is the only player in the school's history to be  carried off the field on his teammates' shoulders.<br />Go, Rudy and thanks  for the tears.
B00000AFDW|4.0|Everyone and their mother seems to have something to say about this album. I gues I'll do the trend and have a song by song breakdown too.<br />Psycho Circus- This seems to be a favorite among other reviewers. To me it's just  a decent tune to introduce the album. It seems to have a bit of a  'Destroyer' feel.<br />Within- Gene at his best. Great tune, maybe a bit  grungy, but the 'Voice' is all over it.<br />I Pledge Alegience - Yeah  whatever, I'll take it or leave it. Paul's being Paul.<br />Into the Void- Ace  is, was, and always will be my favorite member. Into the Void breaks no new  ground here. This could have easily been on ALIVE II right along with  Rocket Ride. Great guitar, typical Frehley style.<br />We Are One- This tune  makes me scratch my head and wonder. Reminds me of a campfire sing along at  a Christian summer camp.<br />You wanted the Best- No one seems to like it,  but it's my favorite, I wish they'd put it on ALIVE IV to open the show.  KISS may be giving themselves a HUGE pat on their own back. But it's  uplifting and full of energy and power that they sometimes lack. With  different lyrics, this could have been a GREAT song for their first  album<br />7. Raise your glasses- Paul again. This song reminds me too much of  'I pledge Allegience' for some reason.<br />8. I finally found my way-  Remember Peter's 79 solo album? This could have been on it, right after 'I  can't stop the Rain.'<br />9. Dreaming - NEWS FLASH. KISS has settled out of  court with Alice Cooper over this tune. Seems Alice thought it sounded too  much like 'I'm 18.' Listen to it, i agree.<br />10. Journey of 1000 years. -  All I have to say is, Hey Gene let's not go back to YOUR solo album  days.<br />Peace Out
B00003Q43A|2.0|No, I don't say don;t go and watch it. find a good movie with huge screen and lates sound equipment, leave your IQ at home, and go enjoy it. But I'd not suggest anyone to watch this film at home on a tv set, or even on a  usual home cinema system. The effects will not work out (in the movie the  UFO really falls on you and the hall almost jumps) and all you get is the  extremely dull story. <br />Beware the other production of this film's makers.  Stargate had a dumb story but at least you could watch quality desert  shots. ID4 had an extremely dumb story but you at least could enjoy the  effects. Godzilla had an even more dumb story, and nothing good to talk  about. That is the real crap, better not watch that at all. And there sure  will be Godzilla 2 soon, I fear to extrapolate te trend... <br />This new  release claims to have additional footage and other extras. Well, I better  wait it come out and listen to other people's comments what is really  there. <br />And one more comment: after you've seen ID4 go and watch Mars  Attacks! That will worth your money and time. Quack-quack.
B00000IL1K|1.0|Read these words carefully: she has no power, no volume, no dramatic ability whatsoever. Her limited vocal resources have no business in the Puccini repertoire. Listen to real artists such as the likes of Angela  Gheorghiu, Ruth Ann Swenson,or Renee Fleming, before you call Sara  Brightman an &quot;Angel of Music.&quot; As if! Merely possessing an  agreeable tone quality with all the training in the world does not  compensate for lack of voice. The world is loaded full of a vast amount of  singers who have more talent in their little fingers than this fake. Listen  to a clip from one of the artists above and then see how wonderful  Brightman is.
B00001U03Q|3.0|The cd is for you if you like eric's new music.  It is really slow and has a good beat.  I gave this cd 3 stars because I love eric's old music instead of his new.
6305327084|2.0|Have you ever watched a movie and felt embarrassed for an actor- understanding how they must have felt having to speak a line or do something in the movie?  Well, that's how I felt for everyone involved with  that stupid &quot;Sweet Caroline&quot; number. Sure, they all looked like  they were having fun, but you know a lot of those guys were cringing on the  inside, thinking &quot;I can't believe I'm singing a Neil Diamond song in  public.&quot;<br />Beautiful Girls was an incredibly difficult movie for me to  like because of moments like this.  I was left wondering why so many good  actors were attracted to this tedious story of how guys are mental midgets  who can't see the soulfully beautiful women in their midsts.  <br />The actors  do the best they can, but they are basically left with nothing to do.  If  this is what it's like to live in a blue collar tiny town, then I pray my  right hand falls off before I ever have to go.<br />Yet there is one redeeming  thing in this movie that would make me move to town in a heartbeat, and  that's Marty.  This is the first movie I ever saw Natalie Portman in and I  am awestruck everytime I see her performance. Marty is the kind of girl you  have a crush on if she's your babysitter, and the kind of girl that people  can't believe comes from a small setting like that. Like Willie, I was  jealous of the 12 yr old kid just because &quot;he gets to be her age,  right now.&quot; Marty's  understated beauty, her innocent yet worldly  understanding of adult situations, and her childlike shrugs yet assured  body language stole the show from the more &quot;mature&quot; actors on  set.  The way she looked at Willie when she told him to wait for her made  me want to scream &quot;Take her up on her offer, ya bonehead!&quot;  The  friendship that Willie and Marty establish has to be one of the most  bittersweet coulda-beens in the movies today.<br />On the whole I do not  recommend this movie, but it is worth seeing based on her performance  alone.  Watch it, but speed through any scene that doesn't have Marty in  it.  Alright, you might want to check out the scene where Rosy O'Donnell  lectures the boys about how the girls in magazines are a fiction and the  scene where they almost beat up Darian's husband is pretty cool, but that's  pretty much it.
B00003IPFK|5.0|This movie was probably the first time that I saw an adaptation from a book that I didn't later wish had debutted on the big screen.  If you've never seen it, you owe it to yourself to watch it.  I cannot think of any  way that it could be improved.  The casting couldn't be better and Robert  Duvall pretty much placed his signature to the role of &quot;Gus&quot;  McRae.  And thank goodness they didn't rent pigs.
B000021XR5|4.0|I really love the Stone Temple Pilots. Scott Weiland has such a unique and powerful voice. They always make really good albums and have such great songs but it's really a shame that they have to waste all their talents on  drugs and end up in jail. It makes me sad to see such a good band being  torn by someone's actions. Oh well. The CD kicks so if ya like STP buy it.
0684847817|5.0|this book is beautifully written in the words of the illustrator Brian Froud. The images that are in here are so subtly perfect you almost are inside of the book yourself.This book has been around for a long time, and  is worth having in your house. buy it!
B0000039LE|5.0|this movie is cool. It is scary with some funny spots. I'd reccomend this to anyone who loves scary movies.
B0000033TE|4.0|Most people who know and love ELP consider Brain Salad Surgury to be their best album.  Even if it isn't their best, it definitely has some of their very best stuff on it and is worth adding to anyone's album collection.   <br />'Jerusalem' is a powerful and short traditional piece; very British, and  perhaps difficult for some Americans (like myself) to fully  appreciate--still very good, though.  'Still...You Turn Me On' is an  excellent Greg Lake song, though the version from 'Welcome Back My Friends'  is better, as it's fully acoustic...and 'Karn Evil 9, 1st Impression Pt. 2'  is a song still heard often on classic rock radio, and is excellent...but  these songs can be found on 'Best Of'...so why buy BSS?  Well...<br />It is  impossible to fully appreciate the magnitude of 'KE9, 1st impression Pt. 2'  without listening to Part 1 first.  I like the new Rhino BSS because they  connect 'Parts' 1 and 2 (the synthesizer never fades out from the first  part, as on the record and earlier versions of the CD, and goes right into  the &quot;Welcome Back My Friends...&quot; verse), and this makes the piece  as a whole much more exciting because it never even stops to catch a breath  of air.  The 1st Impression of Karn Evil 9 is the best thing ELP ever did  (with the possible exception of 'Tarkus'); it is 13 and 1/2 minutes of  non-stop excitement, contains Greg Lake at his very best at voice, bass AND  guitar, has Emerson playing off the walls, and is held together by Palmer  and his truly supurb drumming.  One can listen to it again and again, and  never tire of it's sheer musical excellence.<br />That same sentiment goes for  Toccata, also not available on 'Best of' oddly enough (though they managed  to find room for the two songs from 'Works 2'?).  Toccata is an amazing  cover of a work by Ginastera with many twists and turns, and more great  drumming from Palmer.  It's driving and (yes,...) bombastic, and thoroughly  enjoyable.  <br />After the end of '1st Impression,Pt. 2' comes the rest of  Karn Evil 9.  '2nd Impression' is sort of anti-climactic at first,  considering what song came before it, but it contains some efficient (at  best) playing by Emerson and company.  '2nd Impression' would be immensely  more enjoyable if it was leading anywhere special, but alas, it only leads  to 'Impression 3'<br />It would seem that Pete Sinfield was responsible for  most of the garbage on this album (yes, let's blame him...ELP are not at  fault!).  He contributed lyrics to 'Benny the Bouncer', possibly the worst  song I've ever heard, and contributed the 'computer' idea to the last  impression.  Why did Emerson listen?  Actually, the idea of the 3rd  Impression is quite prophetic and interesting (computers taking over), but  it all sounds like complete nonsense on the album.  <br />Oh, well.  Can't  have everything.  This album must be bought, however, for '1st Impression,  Pt. 2' and 'Still...You Turn Me On', and for those who already have 'Best  of'...'Toccata' and '1st Impression, Pt. 1' are essential as well.  As to  the best ELP album, as far as consistancy goes, BSS has nothing on its  predecessor, Trilogy.
6303286542|5.0|I think this is one of the best music videos I've ever seen. It has their best from '87-'93. Here's the lowdown for people who don't know what's here: 3 hits from &quot;Permanent Vacation&quot;, 4 hits from  &quot;Pump&quot;, 5 hits from &quot;Get A Grip&quot;, plus a special video  made for the collection for &quot;Deuces Are Wild&quot; from &quot;Beavis  &amp; Butthead Experience&quot; CD. I can't wait 'til Geffen gets off their  a** and puts this collection on DVD. The downside to the collection is it  don't have the (bar)video version of &quot;What It Takes&quot;, &quot;Walk  On Water&quot;, or &quot;Blind Man&quot; with Pamela Anderson playing the  nurse.
B00000JHAU|5.0|There are three words synonymous with euphony... and that is Belle and Sebastian. All of their albums have been exceptional and the best, In my opinion, has been &quot;If You're Feeling Sinister&quot;. Words cannot  describe this album, From the opening of &quot;The Stars Of Track And  Field&quot; to the finale of &quot;Judy And the Dream Of Horses&quot;, you  are engulfed for a period of about forty minutes by sheer musical pleasure.  This is a real album. Nothing comes close to it. Buy it or you will be  settling with mediocre &quot;popular music&quot;.
0792152328|1.0|Can somebody please tell me why this film did so well at the box office/oscars? At least two thirds of it is complete garbage! This film relies heavily on its high production value and special effects. The  characters and sub-plot are two dimensional and cliched, the script is  unimaginitive- basically the first two hours of the film are a complete  waste of time.  However, if you fast forward to the end (a rather foregone  conclusion anyway) the sinking of the ship is impressively done, albeit  historically inaccurate. Basically, don't even think of buying this film,  watch it only once-for the special effects.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This CD is amazing. It is one of the heaviest, darkest, most amazingly good albums to come out in a long time. If I had to compare Slipknot to other bands it would probably go like this: They have the same somewhat  disturbing song quality as early KoRn and the gutteral screams and hard  riffs of Fear Factory. And on tracks like &quot;Spit It Out&quot; Corey can  spit out (no pun intended) lyrics with such speed and intensity that it  puts the current Rap/Rock movement (mainly Limp Bizkit) to shame. It's hard  to really convey just how good this CD is, the only way you can really  understand what I mean is to listen to it. This CD is so full of rage that  at times it's quite soothing. Go buy it now, I wasn't let down and I don't  think you will be either.
079073804X|5.0|I saw this film as a child and didn't understand a frame of it, but was terrified to the point of crying nonetheless.  For years after that I loved the film, but for some reason always grouped it in with trashy horror  films.  It wasn't until I watched it again as an adult that I realised what  a brilliantly crafted piece of work it actually is.  This film walks a  line, where it could have been absolutely appallingly bad, but I think  because the film focus' on humanity and the human spirit it is triumphant.   The DVD release IS the best i have ever purchased.  It has everything you  could want on this film, the picture quality is brilliant and so is the  sound.  Overall a top notch film done justice by a perfect edition.
6305171769|5.0|I think the Halloween Movies are The most scariest movies!  And i am related to JAmie Lee Curtis and she said she was afraid to turn off the lights! <br /> If you wan't to talk please E-mail me!
B000002AHC|5.0|The way these songs shift effortlessly from one to the next, those segues and crossfades - masterpiece!  David Crosby was still here for half of the songs (though he gets replaced by a horse for the cover photo!) and you can  hear what the mood was like in the camp on an unlisted bonus selection!   The fact that a disintegrating group (drummer Clarke left just after the  horse photo) made an album as superb as this is some achievement.  It's  quicker to list poor tracks than list the original LP's highlights.  Here  goes - I don't like &quot;Space Odyssey&quot;.  There, that was  painless.<br />Crosby claims that &quot;Draft Morning&quot; came out with  different half-baked and half-remembered lyrics when McGuinn and Hillman,  running low on original material since firing him, realised all they had  for this was a backing track - strange this, as lead vocals were done for  all of Crosby's other summer '67 Byrds tracks (including &quot;Triad&quot;,  a CD bonus here, though it does include some 1980s vocal tinkering which,  unlike Crosby*, I'm not a fan of).  A longer mix of &quot;Draft  Morning&quot; is included on this re-issue - it's the best thing here!<br />On  the subject of bonus cuts, it's a shame &quot;Lady Friend&quot; isn't here  where it belongs (it's on YOUNGER THAN YESTERDAY instead).  Some of the  other extras are less than essential, and though 3 are instrumentals, no  room was found for &quot;Flight 713&quot; (from the NEVER BEFORE  collection, now out of print).<br />None of this is of much importance though,  it's still a 5-star CD whichever way you re-arrange it.<br />*As well as  &quot;Triad&quot;, Crosby has tinkered with the only released version of  &quot;It Happens Each Day&quot; (NEVER BEFORE, THE BYRDS box and YOUNGER  THAN YESTERDAY bonus cut), the version of &quot;Lady Friend&quot; on NEVER  BEFORE (BIG 80s drums ahoy!) and CSNY's gorgeous &quot;Lee Shore&quot; as  found on their box set.
6305750750|4.0|First of all, let me confess to being one of the nerds who waited in line overnight to get tickets to this movie.<br />When I went to see this movie for the first time I had one hope:  That it would be better than Return of the  Jedi.<br />Maybe that's why I enjoyed it so much.  While everyone else was  expecting it to be better than all three original Star Wars movies  combined, I was simply hoping that it would be better than the weakest  episode so far.  And like the original trilogy it keeps up the spirit of  the old Saturday Matinee Serials that were a primary source of inspiration  for this series.<br />I concede, the dialogue was not as sharp as in the first  2 Star Wars movies, but at least nobody who was supposed to be quick witted  didn't lamely proclaim to a villain &quot;We have powerful friends&quot;.  Also there were no Ewoks which is another point in the argument that this  movie was better than Jedi.<br />The special effects were, well, truly  special, successfully evoking and expanding images of Fritz Lang's  Metropolis.<br />And every single time a lightsaber lit up this was the  coolest, most exciting movie in years.<br />Those lightsabers were lit up a  lot.<br />As far as complaints about character development goes, when Lucas  first made Star Wars, he didn't know it was going to be a hit &amp; he  could do the sequels, so he made the movie work as a singular  entity.<br />This movie Lucas knows will have a sequel, so he doesn't care  about loose ends.  He will be able to tie them off in Episodes II and III.  Hopefully while still maintaining the old-fashioned movie serial charm that  has infused all of the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies.
B000000XCK|5.0|This is actually my favorite CCR album.  Funny that, as many fans only rate it one notch above MARDI GRAS.  The major sticking point for most is the departure from the CCR formula into some different kinds of music -  most of it kinda Soul-y.  John Fogerty, always an underrated musician, had  already mastered guitar and drums and was now playing organ and sax.<br />The  opening &quot;Pagan Baby&quot; really rocks out, if you like &quot;Ramble  Tamble&quot; from COSMO'S FACTORY you'll love this - Fogerty truly achieves  guitar-hero status!  Both sides of the then-current 45 (&quot;Hey  Tonight&quot; and &quot;Have You Ever Seen the Rain?&quot; - the latter  covered to charming effect by REM in concert back in 1985) are first-rate.   There's also some neglected gems like &quot;It's Just a Thought&quot; and  &quot;Hideaway&quot;.  Top notch stuff.  Even the villified instrumental  &quot;Rude Awakening #2&quot; (where #1?) has a beautiful opening section.   I play this more than any other Creedence LP, 'nuff said.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is one of my favorite CD's. Not all of the songs are good, but &quot;Americana&quot; &quot;Why Don't You Get a Job&quot; and &quot;Pretty Fly&quot; make up for it. The CD is perfect for any time-weather you're in  a good mood and wanna hear some fast paced loud music with good bass or if  you're angry, it helps you calm down.
B000002ACR|5.0|Second only to THE NOTORIOUS BYRD BROTHERS, this is a solid-gone classic: &quot;Rock 'n' Roll Star&quot;, &quot;Have You Seen Her Face?&quot;, &quot;Renaissance Fair&quot;, &quot;Time Between&quot;, &quot;Everybody's  Been Burned&quot; (check out Hillman's bass on this! outrageous!),  &quot;Thoughts &amp; Words&quot;, &quot;My Back Pages&quot; - every one a  sublime example of timeless 60s pop (or rock or country or  whatever).<br />Bonus tracks are welcome, though personally I feel &quot;Lady  Friend&quot; belongs with the NOTORIOUS LP tracks (it was cut nearer that  album's sessions plus it fits aesthetically), also &quot;It Happens Each  Day&quot; (why wasn't this on the original LP instead of the old re-remake  of &quot;Why?&quot; - why indeed!) has been given a 1980s overdub makeover  - can we have the pure original please, Columbia?
B00000JZC4|5.0|Actually, if I had to pick the top album of 1999, this would be my pick.  I was not a big fan of &quot;Short Bus&quot; which was their first album,but now I am a true Filter fan.  &quot;The Best Things&quot; is a  truly awesome song and &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot; and &quot;Take a  Picture&quot; speak for themselves on radio stations all over the nation.   Pick this one up.
0671027344|2.0|This book seems more marketed than honest.  Sorry to ruin it for all the teenie-boppers who love this book and think that they're smart for reading a book that uses the &quot;F-word&quot;.  It's about Charlie, a freshman,  who's supposed to be some misunderstood genius boy, but came across as  naive (he's 15 and just learned what masturbation was?) and annoying.  He  cries throughout the entire book.  Sorry, but reading about someone's  crying fits gets boring really fast.  Charlie is a product to let teens  know that: It's okay, there are kids your age even more screwed-up and  unhappy.  But if this kid can make friends with hip seniors, you can too!   Yeah, whatever.  The book is a skimpy, fast read, and I'd be lying if I  said I didn't enjoy it for the two hours it took to read.  But I'm sure  that two weeks from now I'll have forgotten everything about it.  And the  revelation about Aunt Helen is utterly predictable (I worry about people  who didn't figure it out half-way through).  Generic yet entertaining while  it lasts.  The book reminded me of the far superior Walter Kirn novel  Thumbsucker, only minus the quirky wit and energy.
B00003XB8K|1.0|Enigma sucks. The music group. Enigma. Who, in 1990, came out with a stunningly haunting score filled with mystique, desire, and above all, a futuristic album. But now, 10 years later, listening to the latest album, I  can not possibly hold any respect for them. This new album is filled with  nothing but samples from that first album, some Carmina Burana samples, and  the same, tired old chanting (and lyrics!), only this time, done with  female vocals.<br />In fact, if you look at all of their albums (they've  managed to con the music industry with 4 of them now), EVERY single one of  them starts off virtually the same, with that same synth-horn sample. Oh,  and let's not forget, there's always a Curly MC rant, ooops, I mean 'rap',  as one of the tracks too. Well, except for the first album. I think the  closest 'rap' track there was the last one, which is one of the best  too!<br />I'm still listening to the album right now, and I'm fully expecting  it to end on a 'change to major scale' note... Why would I be so bold as to  make a prediction like this? It couldn't _possibly_ have anything to do  with the fact that the last two albums did the same bloody thing now, could  it? No, nothing at all. That's why I still hold a candle of respect for the  first album... it stays consistent with the mood of the rest of the album,  and stays in a bloody minor scale. None of this &quot;hollywood&quot;  ending where we finally get resolution... they stretch out the mystery all  the way to the last faded sound on MCMXC. Ah well. At least I didn't  purchase the other albums. Viva MP3!
B000002UAI|5.0|Many have commented on the album cover,showing the group a little frazzled from the last two years.Nothing could be farther from the truth as Beatles For Sale,although a great album,is a bit of a disappointment,especially  coming after A Hard Days Night.Where the previous album was made up  entirely of original material,BFS goes back to the Please,Please Me/With  The Beatles format of eight new song plus covers.Fortunatly this album was  a progression in the evolution of their music.A new influence named Bob  Dylan prevailed on song like No Reply,I'm A Loser and Baby's In Black,as  well as country western in I Don't Want To Spoil The Party.The cover songs  aren't too shabby niether especially Buddy Holly's Words Of Love and  Ringo's take on Carl Perkins' Honey Don't.Though voted the least favorite  Beatle recording(Maxwell's Silver Hammer got my vote on this one),Mr  Moonlight features a very passionate John Lennon vocal.Like any great  artists,The Beatles hit a snag with this album,but BFS has enough great  moments to reassure you that its only a momentary lapse.
6301966562|4.0|This is totally escapist &amp; somewhat vacant, but sweet.  Madsen is very winning, and Van Dohlen is totally absorbing--I think it's that voice.  People who remember Bud Cort from &quot;Harold &amp; Maude&quot; may want  to see this for the weird-factor.  Good, poppy, 80s soundtrack.  No way  they can afford those apartments, though--that would be the biggest fiction  of all.
B000002UAF|5.0|Now this is a great example of top notch musicianship.Not only was this the soundtrack to The Beatles first feature film,and it was made under a tight deadline,but its also their first album consisting of entirely Lennon  &amp; McCartney compositions.Also amazing is the fact is that not only did  it include the eight film songs but has extra marterial that are no means  filler.Theres no denying the quality of classic material here,from the  rocking title song to the pop swing of the happy-go-lucky I Should've Known  Better and the classic ballads If I Fell,And I Love Her,Things We Said  Today,and I'll Be Back.I'll Cry Instead is their first foray into country  western territory that will be fully explored on their next album Beatles  For Sale.Though Can't Buy Me Love has not worn well over the years,its  still a bona fide classic.Like the movie itself,this album always seem to  recall The Beatles in a more innocent time,though the music is just a next  step into the evolution of the greatest body of work in pop music history
0449227421|3.0|Not quite 'Pillars of the Earth' or 'A Dangerous Fortune', but it was an entertaining read.  The book had some surprising twists and the characters were quite believable.  It did get a bit descriptive at times, but overall  it kept pretty focused on the adventure at hand. It does get you to think  about what has and is being done in genetics research....creepy!   It's a  quick and easy read!
B00003CWPR|1.0|This is an utterly rediculous movie.  The movie could have been great, had it not been for such an awful ending.  The problem, and this is a life lesson for all those reading, is that the whole movie is a build up to  nothing, absolutely nothing.  I was conned into seeing it by all the hype,  but it was a complete catastrophe.  If you must see it, though, make sure  you stop it before the end. Possibly, just possibly, it will not be ruined  for you then.
156895557X|5.0|Life is full of many confusing times. Death being a main one. I know that death is one of my biggest fears of everything that comes with life. This book has confronted me and changed my views on it. Instead of looking at  death with a heavy heart, it picks your heart up and has nothing but a  great lesson that was taught and is now being shared with everyone. I would  encourage anyone to read this book. It is very easy to understand, but its  words will stay with you for years and years to come.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Tom cruise and Nicole Kidman are wonderful in this last movie of Kubrick. The subject is particular but passionnate. It's a classic!  It's one of my favorite drama of the year!
0446525537|4.0|I have read all three of Nicholas Sparks novels &amp; when I purchased this one I was a bit wary, even though I am a die hard romantic I found the previous two novels to be a bit on the sappy side as far as the leading man  character. In &quot;A Walk To Remember&quot; I found the leading man very  believable &amp; although compassionate he still shows hints of being an  more realistic individual. A great story that I will remember for a long,  long time.
079213690X|5.0|Yes, that's right' 7 stars for one of the greatest(and my favorite) movie of all time. Not to say that it is the best movie of all time, but it is my personel favorite.      As far as some people giving it 1 star, I am in  complete awe. The cinemotagraphy alone makes it at least 2-3. The story is  not meant to be true either. The first lines of the movie will tell you  that. Plus, if you buy the book, you'll notice that it's FICTION. And yes  Randell Wallace wrote the book and the screenplay.      Freedom. That's  what this movie is about. A commadite that a lot of people take for  granted. It shows it as something far more important than life. And it is.  The point at the end when Mel screams this simple word, you can't help your  heart from stopping. You have to watch it. Even people that I know who hate  movies set in medival(or anything closely related) time periods, like this  movie.
B00000JGOH|1.0|I've heard this movie is horrible and I don't know why it keeps popping up in my recommendations.  It's nothing like the movies I appreciate.
B00003CXB6|4.0|I think Lost World has a lot going for it.  Just because it had a huge hype and little enough movie to meet it doesn't mean you can disreguard it as a good action/suspence film.  I mean it's not perfect in any way, but  still manages to entertain with non-stop action and special effects.  My  heart races every time I watch the scene with the van hanging over the  cliff.  So it didn't follow the book by every niche and cranny.  Big deal.   What movie does?  Perhaps there is a reason for this and will be answered  by a grand finale to make a famous Spielberg trilogy.  The movie is good  with rights.  It has convincing enemys(the T-Rex hunter was brilliant),  great moments of suspence(the boat crashing into the shore of onlookers),  and an overall entertaining appeal.  This is ten times more anything than  the first except originality.  The fact that some of you tried to compare  it to Godzilla just makes me want to cry because Godzilla was the victim of  an overhyped but also bad movie in general.  I recommend you at least rent  this if you haven't seen it or were disappointed by it in the theatres(who  knows, you might have gotten over the fact that you felt it was overhyped).
B000046PVN|5.0|I have just about every John Williams score there is but this one takes the cake.  It is without a doubt the best soundtrack restoration to date-for any composer.  All tracks have been excellently remastered and  appear in chronological order...if you didn't know any better you'd think  J.W. and the L.S.O. were in your living room giving you a command  performance!  If you liked the Star Wars re-release three years ago, you  will LOVE this one!  I have had this CD since the day it was released and  still can't stop listening to it. Do as you will, but if you pass this  recording by, you lose!
B00000ILDE|5.0|Since I was a young lad, I enjoyed this movie start to finish.  Of course my parents didn't let me watch it so when I found out it was on TV or somebody had rented it, I would rush to their house and watch it.<br /> Loving  a movie as a boy should be different from loving a movie as an adult but  really, not much has changed since then.  The added scenes are like gold to  most of us (there are some attention getters who say that they tear down  the meaning of the film, but do you think Cameron would allow the studio to  release his greatest film if this were true?  No.  I feel nothing is lost  in the added scenes and actually more is recieved.  When a perfect film  gets longer, I feel no pain of another 17 minutes of entertainent  bliss.)<br /> Anyways, watching the film as a child I was intrigued by the  action scenes and the amazing suspence.  Now I watch it for the same  reasons aforementioned, but also enjoy it for it's originality and  symbolism.  Some say symbolism in an action flik, yeah right.  Well,  Cameron confirms it in the interview included on this disc.  The entire  movie is like a tribute to his experinces in Vietnam.  Technology is  defeated by simple design and tactics.  I enjoy every minute of this film  now as I try to compare it to Vietnam (call me a freak please).  A colony  is set up on some distant, basically unknown region.  The French set up  colonies all along the coast of Vietnam.  A threat invades killing the  foriegners.  The Vietnamese rebel and kill many of the French living there.   Marines are sent to rescure the survivors and revive control of the  colony.  I could finish the movie but I have a word limit.<br /> I cannot  compare this film to Alien as they are so different in the directors'  approach and time at which it was made.  Aliens took the ideas of Alien and  threw in a lot of changes that not only validate it, but differentiate it  as a sequel.<br /> I cannot stress you enough to buy this film.  This film  that has defiedthe test of time and remains a comparable film to even some  of todays most advanced special effects.  This film that has caused an  uprising in copycats (Pitch Black most recently).  This film that forever  changed the publics view that a blend of genres is not always a bad thing.
B00004NRWH|3.0|When first listening to this cd I heard alot of familiar sounds. On &quot;Cowboy Hat&quot; the acoustic guitar sounds alot like &quot;Days Of The New&quot;. If you like &quot;Days Of The New&quot;,  &quot;Oleander&quot;, &quot;Collision&quot;, and even &quot;Creed&quot; you  will like this debut effort.  This CD has a little of everything for  everyone. 2 of my favorites besides &quot;Leader Of Man&quot; are  &quot;Cowboy Hat&quot;, and &quot;Diggin' This&quot;.  Although this is not  a &quot;Must have&quot; CD, it's worth checking out.
630575067X|1.0|WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED?  I just can't believe it, after nearly 16 years the whole STAR WARS saga has been reduced to this kiddie fare nonsense! It seems to me like George Lucas should've had his mid-life crisis a LONG time  ago. Especially with Jar Jar Stinks! &quot;Duhr,duhr,you'sa people gonna  die?&quot; Well I was just about to after I saw this movie. I now wonder if  George Lucas has gone to the dark side.?
0754060667|4.0|I thought Skellig was a very emotional book by David Almond. It tells the story of Michaels struggle to cope with the pressures in his life. Michael trys to cope when he moves house, his sister is born prematurely and he  finds a strange creature in his garage called Skellig. This book is  brillantly written and once you start reading it you will be hooked. The  characters are very involving and you to will be sucked into Michaels  struggle to cope. I would recommend this book for people aged 12-16.
0671578278|5.0|I loved the book! I have read it till 4 a.m. and laughed like crazy. Pure fun!
B00000K2SC|5.0|The film of the century, nothing has come close in a long time! I am a sci-fi nut and haven't seen such suspense, special effects or great plot and story line since Alien or Terminator. Although watching it again and  again does turn tedious, the film is one of the best. A great film and a  great buy.
B000001FQQ|4.0|Fearing they where losing their hard rock followers,Kiss tried to toughen their pop sound on the release.Vini Ponica was at the mixing desk and all was right for a classic album.HOT IN THE SHADE shows a leaner,heavier Kiss  that was not present in the days of ANIMALISE,ASYLUM,and CRAZY  NIGHTS.Athough their are one of two duffers(READ MY BODY,PRISONER OF  LOVE),the rest are Kiss Klassics,proving that the boys still retained a  little of that seventies' magic.Eric provides vocals on his LITTLE CEASAR  (co-written with Gene).Sadly,this was to become his last full album and  tour with Kiss;many fans are still mourning the loss.This was the start of  Kiss' rock redemption,which would be fully realised with REVENGE.
B00000JBCP|5.0|EXCELENT. LOOKING FORWARD FOR THE DV
B0000026T4|3.0|Having gone the horror route with CONSTRICTOR and RAISE YOUR FIST AND YELL,Alice Cooper decided that the scariest topic of the decade was sex.He enlisted writer Desmond Child and various rock luminaries to help produce  the Coop's ode to love and sex,TRASH.To my mind,this album is an honorable  failure.The slick production brings to mind Bon Jovi and Poison.It's a  battle of the sneering Alice verses the poppy production.It gave alice at  hit with POISON and BED OF NAILS;and the  barbed wit that is in most Cooper  releases is still present.This pop view got darker with the next  release,HEY STOOPID.
B000002GQK|5.0|This is the first Moody Blues album I ever heard, and I have been hooked ever since. I was 11 yrs old. It was ominous and magical back then - it still is.  Being able to escape into these incredible musical spaces and  verse was a blessing. Overall, the sound has a magnitude and an ancientness  to it, which can be  found in J.Hayward's cosmic guitar sound and  M.Pinder's dreamily expansive &quot;My Song&quot;, and also in J.Lodge's  profound &quot;One More Time To Live&quot;.  &quot;Procession&quot; is  their intro piece, normally a wonderfully executed poetic rendering  in  verse by G.Edge, here a delightful instrumental taking us through musical  history from prehistory to ...the Moody Blues, what else! R. Thomas' flute  playing on the album is a special treat and really adds to the sweetness,  the innocence and dreamlike sound pervading this work. The one  'rock-sounding' song on the album, &quot;The Story in Your Eyes&quot;  (J.Hayward), is totally hot. But all the songs are worth it really, and  this album is so great because it's not an assault on the senses, but an  intriguing and engaging and sometimes all-encompassing good listen. And  none of this can't relate what the album itself is - gorgeous and magical  and heavenly, etc. Buy it, or have a listen somehow.  That these guys  aren't in the hall of fame is either a conspiracy of sorts, or maybe the  hall of fame ain't what it's cracked up to be...  Granted, the Moody Blues  ARE entirely unique, but I see some of the inductees, and I really have to  wonder ... the Moodies are SO much greater ...
B00000AF98|3.0|By this release, Kiss was at another crossroad in their careers.They wanted to get away from the &quot;fashion metal&quot; of ASYLUM,but still craved a pop edge.What came out was an interesting experimental album  entitled CRAZY NIGHTS.This release is a potpurri of good {NO NO NO,GOOD  GIRL GONE BAD,REASON TO LIVE,TURN ON THE NIGHT} and the awful {FIGHT HELL  TO HOLD YOU,BANG BANG YOU, HELL OR HIGH WATER,WHEN YOUR WALLS COME DOWN).  CRAZY CRAZY NIGHTS became a big hit in the UK,and a minor hit here in  OZ.The keyboards are an interesting ingredient to the mix.Bruce shows vast  improvement in his playing style.CRAZY NIGHTS is a good,not great,Kiss  release to add to your collection.
B00003CWPR|5.0|It is not just important to understand this film because it was Kubrick's last film but because it was his strongest in terms of the world in which it takes place. The film may be set in New York  but it is not New York  (and not just because it was mostly shot in England.)    In the DVD  interview with Speilberg he comments on Kubricks ability to have never made  the same movie twice. How each film exists in it's own world. Some being  grander than others while some feel stangly familiar. Still, his last world  I feel is the most fleshed out. He spent three years creating this world in  which these chacters inhabit and the patience and dedication to that world  is just amazing.    Along with the film's initial importance it is  neccessary to point out the DVD key features and why, even though limited,  are great: Right off the bat is the full screen negative &quot;as Kubrck  intended it&quot; took me a minute to get altogether. For I had seen EWS in  the theater and in my mind's eye I can remember the film being at full  screen length (2:33 aspect ratio.) But this means that the film was infact  framed at 1:85 and as mearly cut off at the top and bottom. I slowly began  to see it there and did feel better about the whole thing. Athough many DVD  collectors may consider the fullscreen negative a downside like most of the  Kubrick Collection it is infact a privillage to see it the way it was shot  more than how it was shown. Sadly, there is only one other key feature  outside of the usual bios and trailers: The interviews with Cruise, Kidman,  and Spielberg when you first think about it might be at least interesting,  but in fact are some of the greatest interviews I have ever seen filmed. I  couldn't believe how vulnerable Tom and Nichole were during thier  interviews. How honest they were in there emotion. This was not acting and  it was not emotion brought on by the craft of acting, this was general  recolection and sorrow for the man they gave three years of their life to.  Almost greater in value to their interviews is Spielbergs thoughts on his  friend and confidant that he lost.    I would have given anything for there  to have been somewhere a commentary track recorded by Kubrick. Doesn't  matter what film but it would have been an honor to listen to him talk as  it has been to look into his worlds.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I must confess that like a few other people who have reviewed this CD, I really didn't like it upon first listen. So much, in fact, that I got rid of it. 3 years later my interest was piqued again, and I wondered how so  many people and the Grammy voters could be wrong. They were not wrong. A  difficult listen to be sure, but worth the effort. This album reveals  itself upon repeated listenings. Ahead of its time, but somehow timeless.  Listen to it again with fresh ears and really hear it this time.
B000002NIW|5.0|This cd is awsome.  But, if you don't have any deftones cds buy thier first one.  Better yet get both.  They also will have a new cd this spring &quot;white Pony&quot;.  Create a deftones collection.  Back to the Cd.   Chino can easly go from a wisper to belting out the lerics.  This band is  great but they don't get the recignition they deserve.
B000002LGA|4.0|One of Reed's best albums, this one features an appealingly rocking lineup of drums, bass, and two guitars. Reed doesn't sing, he talks; nevertheless there is some of his most melodic material here, standouts being  &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; and &quot;Dirty Boulevard.&quot; He probes the  outlandish divide between rich and poor in New York, with firm candor.
B00000FYIL|5.0|I love this soundtrack so much. My favorite song is #7, &quot;A New World.&quot; I cannot explain it, but there is something that makes me feel so comfortable and content when I hear that song. The other songs on this  album are phenominal as well. I must say that the music is even more  powerful after watching the movie.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Several times in his career Carlos Santana has done what he and some close associates refer to as &quot;commercial suicide.&quot;  This time, he delivers an album with a punch <br />Perhaps since I am a fluent Spanish  speaker I can relate to this album better, but even my wife can get into  &quot;Corazn Espinado&quot; by Man, (one of my three favorites on the  album).  Other favorites include &quot;Smooth&quot; and &quot;Put your  lights on.&quot; <br />He has hit the groove solidly and any veteran Santana  listener can catch his unmistakeable tone.  The solos are all great and the  8 grammy's are a fitting tribute to this album de la msica latina.  If  you're into great guitar, then you have to check this album out.
B000002KN8|5.0|I said earlier that I thought Clarke was singing Puppets and Photographic.  Silly me, it was Dave Gahan all along.  Vince did sing lead for the band in its very early days, however, prior to Gahan joining the band (at  Vince's request because he apparantly didn't care for singing too much).
0684872153|1.0|The truth is I don't think this is a biographical work at all. While all works of fiction must be based in reality, or at least allow the reader to momentarily suspend his or her disbelief, a fictional work disguised as  nonfiction can get away with a lie and no one seems to doubt it.  If anyone  could survive the early life Mr. McCourt claimed to live, with all the  bigotry, disease, hunger and poverty that went with it, well, no, I don't  believe anyone could survive it and certainly wouldn't be able to write  about it.  If you like novels about these subjects, try The Cider House  Rules by John Irving, its far more entertaining and does not disguise  itself as a biography.
0152465030|5.0|At times, I forget who I am, why I am here, why I do what I do, and most of all, I lose sight of what's important.   Reading this book remind me of all of the above.  Without a doubt, it brings me back from a sense of loss by simply stating the few things that are, and should always be, most  important to us.
B00002DEMV|5.0|I have never ever heard anything like this. This album combines all the hard hitting aspects of power metal with the enchanting and haunting feel of Enigma !<br />The melodies and atmospheric feel of this album is so  amazing, I can't get enough of listening to it ! Tarja's soprano-like  singing is simply phenomenal, as it really adds to the dramatic and  haunting mood of each song. The keyboardist, Tuomas, is a pure melodic  genius. The music and melodies that he composes are truly amazing, and the  best part is, each song has a distinct feel from one to another. For  powerful and hard hitting songs, check out Gethsmane and Sacrement of  Wilderness. The breathtaking Walking in the Air would be my personal  favourite on the album, not to mention the catchy tune, Passion and the  Opera.<br />This album has enough material to please fans of Stratovarius,  Yngwie Malmsteen, Dream Theater and even Enya !  If you thought Luca Turili  of Rhapsody wrote melodic metal music that was out of this world, you ain't  heard nothing yet ... :)
B00000064G|5.0|I was introduced to ND via Time of No Reply, but this breathtaking view from the edge has become, for me, the apochryphal end statement by one of the most underrated, underappreciated artists of the last half century.   Aside from the stirring, somewhat macabre lyrics (especially knowing now  that they shortly preceded his death), Drake's understated guitar work and  finger-picking style surely is at the foundation as progenitor of much of  the balladeer revival that has occurred in the last decade (see:  Elliott  Smith).  A powerful resonance, like distant thunder on a stagnant, sticky  summer's evening.
B00000K3CM|5.0|This movie is in the middle of my &quot;Home Alone&quot; movies and it's ny favorite.  I think this should be number 1.  It's hard to think this is a secqual.  I highly recommend.
B00000DGXN|5.0|Anyone who may be nursing an interest in jazz music, and isn't quite sure where to start, make this your third purchase. Third? Yes, right after &quot;Birth Of The Cool&quot; by Miles Davis, and &quot;Giant Steps&quot;  by John Coltrane, then &quot;Like Minds.&quot; For a jazz veteran, BUY THIS  NOW! An absolutely beautiful collection.
B000031XCR|5.0|an excelent combination of celine dions best hits + new songs, (very difficult to get a hold of though)
B00000I8NC|5.0|This music is powerful and has a wide dynamic spectrum, unlike many of the experimental and electronic artists these days.  The weird paranoid rant adds an element of surreal humour to the music.  I would definitely put  this among my favorite records!
B0000028UK|4.0|After &quot;Ten's&quot; meandering and dragging, Pearl Jam released this album, which absolutely rocked.  McCready and Gossard showed greatly improved guitar skills, as did Jeff Ament on bass.  Vedder's lyrics were  still weak, unfortunately; they would improve greatly on their next and  best album, &quot;Vitalogy&quot;.<br />It opens with two rock-into-oblivion  songs, &quot;Go&quot; and &quot;Animal&quot;.  This is grunge alot better  than Cobain ever did it.  Afterward, the album calms down only a little  bit, and there are even two more loud grunge rockers (&quot;Blood&quot; and  &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot;).  On the album, the solos fly like crazy.   Eddie Vedder bashes guns (I think about &quot;Glorified G&quot; whenever  there's a school shooting), the human race (&quot;Rats&quot;), the media  (&quot;Blood&quot;, &quot;Leash&quot;), and racism (&quot;White Male  American&quot;).  There are two semi-acoustic ballads (&quot;Daughter&quot;  and the longest title in the Pearl Jam catalogue &quot;Elderly Woman Behind  the Counter In a Small Town&quot;) that rock in their own  ways.<br />&quot;Vs.&quot; has a few weak points.  The drumming is better than  &quot;Ten&quot;'s, but it still sucks.  So do Vedder's lyrics.  Also,  &quot;Indifference&quot; is a pointless five-minute slow closer.  However,  this is a good, solid rock album.  If you are new to Pearl Jam, buy this or  &quot;Yield&quot; first.  If you already own those, get  &quot;Vitalogy&quot; as fast as you can!
B00004KD1L|4.0|Positive message music fits well with my Spinning instruction, and &quot;If Everybody Looked the Same&quot; is a perfect in both cadence and message--celebrating the diversity of the individual. Groove Armada carries  that positive message of diversity throughout the collection--from ambient  (Served Chilled) to break-beat (Shakin' Your A**). You may need to enjoy  several listens before you can appreciate the quality of this CD--the  genre-hopping makes the whole less than cohensive.
B00000DFRS|1.0|She was so good back in 85 when she did Saving All My Love For you. Whitney was her last good album. This r&amp;b styled junk stinks. Take a lesson from your cousin Dionne Warwick.
B0000027D5|3.0|Sure, this is a great live album, and Carlos Santana smokes throughout, maybe more than he did on the first three LPs. The sidemen speak fusionese -- but they keep the energy high most of the time. Nevertheless, the  packaging of this CD docks the rating at least one star. The double jewel  case is bulky and too .cubic. for the artwork, which is mainly pyramids and  curves; the booklet is even more unattractive, and as it folds out like a  poster, serious wear will eventually occur at the creases. Most troublesome  is that the booklet doesn't even bother to reproduce all the artwork from  the 3-LP set! Many photos, and even a back cover are missing. It's time  that Columbia gives this great CD a graphic overhaul. Well-deserved 3 stars  anyway.
B000002I6V|5.0|Remember the times were challenging and our future so unclear? Graham was a visionary that told us in this &quot;CD&quot; (LP &amp; 8-Track, back then) that it was alright. This &quot;CD&quot; contains our highest goals  and our generations saddest moments expressed by an Artist that had  incredible focus. If you are looking for a menagerie of this  generation...here it is. My 8-track copy of this work got played so  much..it wore out. Try It! reviewed by a former musician of that  generation...now gone forever.
B000001ZS4|5.0|Equinoxe is another one of Jarre's best albums ranking right next to Oxygene and Chronologie. When I first heard this, I felt like I was in an alien world. The echoing chimes really capture the mind and spirit. Just  turn down the lights and turn up the volume and you'll see what I mean. It  fires the imagination! There truly is no other sound like this! His  different styles range from the sad, haunting melodies of part II, to the  upbeat &quot;R.E.M&quot; techno of part V. The ending is nicely rounded off  too, featuring a slow and melodious version of part V. All are wonderfully  harmonious and are perfect examples of Jarre's mastery of synthesizers.
B00000J2KX|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's &quot;The Shining&quot; is an absolute classic and is one of the best Steven King novals to be adapted and presented on the screen. I believe that it is important for the director's vision to be  maintained when presenting films on DVD. The DVD is presented in it's  original full screen format, the format approved by the director. It was  the deliberate intention of the director to present the movie in this way.  This film deserves to be digitally remastered and restored. This film  should have been given a Special Edition 20th Anniversary release on DVD.    Warner Bros, follow MGM's lead with the James Bond series and remaster the  movies of Stanley Kubrick.
B0000025DT|5.0|E.L.O.'s 6th studio release &quot;A NEW WORLD RECORD&quot; is one of my top 10 records of all-time, just great classic pop hooks everywhere on this disc. There is not a weak track among the 9 songs. This is Jeff Lynne at  his peak period 1973-1978.  He is still a great producer and performer.  2  things to get off my chest. How can the rock'n'roll hallof fame keep  overlooking this group, and keep pickin' lesser talents every year!  2. Hey  maybe Sony can remaster the ELO catalog some day with extra tracks. By the  way at this price this is a steal.
B00000I14Z|3.0|OK - let me explain.  The songs are fantastic, very inventive, with combinations of blues, swing and bop.  The musicianship is first-rate. The CD sounds great in my car, but when I play it on my home system, it sounds  flat, harsh, and muddled.  I have this same album on vinyl (and, no, this  is not a vinyl vs CD sound quality rant)which presents excellent spacing of  instruments and details that don't exist on the CD.  I do not understand  why an engineer would go back to the original tapes, use high-bit transfer  capability, and then compress the signal and remove any of the potential  sound advantages that exist within the source and technology.  I have many  CD's that sound great on my system, this one is a disappointment.
B00004LN16|5.0|I listened the album 5 times at first day :), i only need one thing 8) LYRICS . <br />2 tracks similar to older albums, but global album is really good. They haven't changed. <br />Anyone knows something about the tour ;) I  can't wait. 1996 European tour so long in time .
078401020X|5.0|I never seen a film as intriguing as Basic Instinct. If this film were to be shot in the 1950s with Humphrey Bogart, it would have not done the same justice. I call this film a Film Noir of the 90s which justifies a methodic  style and narrative approach to Mainstream Hollywood filmmaking. Unlike  many other Seductive Hollywood films, Basic Instinct not only uses SEXY  LEGS to attract viewers, but also uses a perfect plot line and story line  till the end of the film leaving the viewers to talk about it for years and  years and still unable find the REAL MURDERER. I have seen this film at  least five times now, and I think there is no need to have a sequel for  this film. Having a sequel will ruin the whole MIND GAME of Basic Instinct.  The best original story line ever seen on screen. I highly recommend you to  buy this on DVD or VHS for your home.
B000002TQV|5.0|Though OK Computer is better music wise I think this album flows better (and not just because of Fitter Happier). This album just seems to show a better range and is more closly nit at lest musicly.
0316920045|3.0|Parts of this work are magnificent; others are sheer boredom. I wouldn't compare this to Pynchon. DFW could have broken this into three separate novels and saved his readers their sanity. The Don Gately story could be  its own novel. The Hal Incandenza story seems like DFW was being paid by  the word. I hope DFW will restrain himself in the future. He does have  talent though.
B0000069NM|4.0|This is a great CD. If you have heard MMW and woundered what they would sound like with a guitarist, then this album is a great example.      The reason I have rated this album with four stars is not because of John  Sofield, but because I find that MMW don't seem to play &quot;all out&quot;  like they usually do on their own albums. My guess to why they do this is  that MMW realize that this isn't their album, but John's, so they are there  to back him up and make him sound hot. The song &quot;Hottentot&quot;  though, does seem to hint at the crazy, MMW-style of playing I love.       Since MMW knows how to incorprate into their music &quot;sounds&quot; as  well as &quot;music&quot;, their stuff can be a bit hard to understand for  a beginer to MMW-music. To that person who reallizes MMW's talent, but has  trouble appreciating the music, I would highly reccomend this album as a  starting point since MMW are more focused on the &quot;music&quot; side  then on the &quot;sounds&quot; element in this album.      As to John's  guitar playing, bravo! What a great sound. He realizes that MUSIC is not  displaying skill by furiously running scales, but is displaying feeling  through even only a few notes... or even none at all! (Like his  muted-string strumming on &quot;Boozer&quot;) John can really slip right in  there with MMW's slightly more &quot;music-orientated&quot; music! Very  groovy.      Remember, MUSIC is sound with feeling, so SOUNDS played with  feeling is also music; check out MMW's albums like &quot;It's a Jungle in  Here&quot; and &quot;Friday Afternoon in the Universe&quot;... you'll catch  what I mean!
B000002H33|5.0|I believe this album of MetallicA's is one of the greatest they have produced.  This album has great songs such as &quot;Battery&quot;, &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, &quot;The Thing that Should Not Be&quot; and  more.  This album is in a close second to my personal favorite and many  other's and the  highest on my list the &quot;Black Album&quot;.  It would  have to be because of its smash hit songs and deep lyrics.  If you are a  true MetallicA fan than it is a definite must to have Master or the  &quot;Black Album&quot;.  This album would be a great addition to any rock  enthusiast's collection of CDs.  I personally would buy this album but I  have it already.
B000002UR7|4.0|Creep is of course great but I have not read any reviews even touch on Thinking About You. I heard this song on a boot-leg before I got the album and I think it is great. Although I like the Boot-Leg version better. (Note  try to get your hands on a recording of Thom on July 11 '93 in San  Francisco)
B000002L9J|5.0|I remember getting this tape for my birthday many years ago from a good friend and to this day it I think this is the best especially for nostalgia. Other than Best 1 &amp; 2, this is the best one to buy to become  fully hypnotized by the power of Morrisey and the Smiths
0833531646|5.0|I'm glad to see that this book is being released again!  I bought it 7 years ago, and ever since then, I've been reading Dragonlance books!  Believe me, this book will pull you right into the world of Dragonlance.  This is a classic that you SHOULD NOT pass up!
B000002BHE|5.0|I just wanted to take a moment and mention that before today, I did not even know that Celine sang the son &quot;FLY&quot;.  I have a friend that lost a baby after a very long labor....during the funeral, the Rocka-bye  and Goodnight song was played, and so was the song &quot;FLY&quot;.  Holidays are such a hard time of year to lose a family member, and yet a  new born.  Amongst the tears of sadness I think were also tears of hope for  the little one who was cut so short of his life. Knowing now buy reading  other reviews and learning that the song was written after her 15 year-old  niece passed on, brings more tears to my eyes...I know why my friend picked  this as one of the songs to be played....it is very inspirational in giving  hope to the loved one that had to move on before his time..
0790729628|1.0|First to say, I'm a huge Blade Runner fan, but this has gone tooooooo far!  Director's cut?  What the hell was Scott thinking?  I liked Harrison's nariation and the &quot;Happy ending&quot; is good!  Not to  mention that the original movie (when it came out on video) was &quot;Not  rated&quot; but the DC is rated &quot;R&quot;!  Give back the orignal!
B00003CXC6|3.0|I recently read a review -- on Amazon.com, as a matter of fact, that called &quot;Rashomon&quot; &quot;nothing short of a masterpiece.&quot;<br />I wouldn't go that far.<br />I've heard this film classified as a bonafide  classics. Old foreign films are my bag, baby, but I was phenomenally let  down by &quot;Rashomon.&quot;<br />The premise is very intriguing, which is  why I chose to rent it in the first place. Besides, it's a Kurosawa.<br />But  it wasn't that good! Come on, get off the masterpiece stuff. I didn't say  it was terrible, it wasn't, but it's so over-rated, so MEDIOCRE that my  head nearly exploded.<br />Grrr. It don't seem like much of a classic to me.
B000002UY3|5.0|I must be blunt. With the exception of the hazy, overlong psychedelic title track, this is one sexy album, with a strong bluesy, honkeytonk flavor added to its relaxed, lazily toe-tapping beat. It's sultry, like a  brief cool breeze on a hot, humid Louisiana evening.<br />Play this album when  you want to &quot;make your move&quot; and you'll be glad you did. (By the  way, if you want a fuller evening of romance, pass on the Barry White and  put on Ben Harper's &quot;Fight for Your Mind&quot; and Massive Attack's  &quot;Blue Lines.&quot; Unless of course your date is a square, and who  wants to date squares?)
038532653X|3.0|I thought Skellig was a very well thought out and planned book.The way everything mentioned in the book fit in with the story I thought was very clever.The book always kept you in question about something and this way  kept you reading it.It was very mysterious in the way that most things in  it were not of the ordinary.I was dissapointed at the end because I was  expecting more to go on with the main character,Skellig,and it was really  just telling the story of Micheal's (the main boy) problems in life when he  meets Skellig.This type of book I am not really fond of.     Still I found  'Skellig' an interesting and certainly unique book.
6303566448|5.0|This film is amazing! One of the best endings (meaning the last twenty minutes) I've ever had the pleasure to watch. It's not funny in a Toxic Avenger cheesy, over the top way. On the contrary, the movie is extremely  intelligent and witty - even for those who aren't fans of horror films.  Rent it and laugh your head off! Check out some of my other horror reviews  on filmmonthly.com
B00000J7J4|5.0|Woah.<br />Now, let me clarify: I'm not going along with the crowd on this one. I had the Santana CD before the Grammys, before it peaked at #1 and stayed there.<br />Now, onto the album. The first single, &quot;Smooth,&quot;  is not really representative of the album. The song's a very catchy tune,  which surprises me, because I usually HATE Rob Thomas' group Matchbox  20.<br />One of the best songs on the album is the Everlast collaboration,  &quot;Put Your Lights On.&quot; A very somber and surreal song, it's pretty  great. Not what you'd expect from the guy who's former group brought you  &quot;Jump Around&quot;. Another standout is the intrumental opus &quot;The  Calling,&quot; with Eric Clapton. Lauryn Hill, who featured Carlos Santana  on her album &quot;The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill,&quot; scores pretty  well with &quot;Do You Like the Way&quot;. The only weak track is  &quot;Maria, Maria&quot; (which is, of course, the second single off the  album).<br />So ... it's pretty good. Go buy it or something.
B000028U0Y|5.0|I do love old country ( 40's to 60's) and heard much of it growing up in the late 60's and this was one of the first records that I ever owned. You have to love Johnny, he's the real deal and along with Hank Williams Sr.,  what country is all about.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Are you tired of the same tired derivative movie formula?  Are you sick of being dupped every week to go see the same meaningless film?  Looking to see a great movie?  &quot;Fight Club&quot; is the answer.  I saw  &quot;Fight Club&quot; because I admired Fincher's earlier work and enjoyed  the source material by Palahniuk.  &quot;Fight Club&quot; is one of the  best films of all time.  Propelled by amazing visuals, a riveting  soundtrack and an undeniably haunting underlying philosophy, &quot;Fight  Club&quot; will forever remian at the top of my favorites list.  Despite  the ranting of shallow critics, this film does not glorify violence, but  rather uses it to show the extremes of discontentment.  Is it not ironic  that you are buying &quot;Fight Club&quot;?
B00003A9QI|5.0|For all you Rachel Portman fans, she has pulled off another masterpiece.  This CD at times does sound oddly like former soundtracks like Emma and even Joy Luck Club, but it has a distinctly haunting new melody line.  I  listen to it repeatedly and often it makes me just look up from my studies  and stare out the window and think.  It's that kind of music that just  makes you reflect and even feel a little teary.  It's lovely.
0783110928|5.0|Gia's lives was a tragic live. First it was good, but at the end, so horrible. But the story from the beginning till the end amazed me. And Angelina really bring this movie to be the best movie with her act.  Fantastic.
B000002AGN|5.0|The greatest vintage &quot;cool jazz&quot; record. Both melodic and rhytmically challenging, no wonder it's one of the most popular jazz records ever, todays practitioners need to take note of this successful  formula that is often not heard. Where would later day groups like Weather  Report or prog rock in general be without the influence of this one. Every  musician should sit down and actively listen to &quot;Blue Rondo A La  Turk&quot; and &quot;Take Five&quot;.
B00001NFCY|4.0|Hearing My Own Prison on the radio for the first time immediately attracted me to Creed.  I loved the song and got the album as a gift.  I became obsessed with the cd and was anxious to hear Human Clay.  Although  Human Clay is a decent album, it does not compare to My Own Prison.  It has  some very good songs, but overall, My Own Prison is a more solid, more  enjoyable album.
0671015206|3.0|This book does explain through ancedotes the timeless values of thrift, frugalness and careful investing. It does not however speak in an effective way to lower income people whom the authors describe as &quot;economic dropouts&quot; looking for information as well as inspiration. For an  upscale person with money problems this book could be the basis of a needed  paradigm shift. For working folks it doesn't amount to much. The are many  good books on the market about the basics of personal finance and  investing. This airy philosphical tome doesn't quite fit that category.
6302293553|5.0|Few if any can match the British when it comes down to the zaniest of the zany, the wackiest of the wacky ..... i.e. just all-out laughs. And of those who can pull it off, few do it finer than Monty Python.
B000002GQE|5.0|A timeless classic in the elite epic category. It's the marriage of the pop group and the orchestra in a thematic piece of music. Others have tried to duplicate it, but the Moodies made the definitive work with this one.  With this they created the &quot;symphonic rock&quot; branch of progressive  rock. The Moodies were on top of the world at this point and one of the  most influential British bands of their day. Listen to &quot;From Genesis  To Revelation&quot; or &quot;In The Court Of The Crimson King&quot; and  you'll hear the Moodies influence in those group's early work.
6305750750|2.0|This is absolutely one of the biggest, overblown movies ever made. The marketing was brilliant, but the film was severely lacking in substance. Nothing really happened. They found anakin, and the senator (emporer)  created a conflict. This could have been achieved in 15 minutes. Darth Maul  was only in it for about 5 minutes, and the character of Jar Jar Binks  seriously needed to be on the cutting room floor. The special effects were  good, and I will buy it anyways. Hey, it's still Star Wars.
B00003CWL6|2.0|It seems like my opinion on this film will differ from everyone else's, but if we all agreed, how fun would that be?<br />Right from the opening scene, we're meant to be impressed with the camcorder image of a teenage  girl talking sullenly about murdering her  &quot;geek boy father&quot;.   Cut next to the Father, who announces that he will be dead a year from now  -- he intones this while doing something unmentionable  (on Amazon)  in the  shower.  Flashy enough for you?  When the story lacks substance, wow them  with  &quot;cleverness&quot;.  And this story, folks, does indeed lack  substance:  making middle-aged suburban angst into art is beyond even the  most scrupulous talents, I daresay.  Therefore, we're submitted to weird  tricks such as rose petals cascading from a cheerleader's blouse.  Not only  does this cheap trick waste time, it's dishonest:  why can't we see what  the Spacey character is REALLY thinking about?  In my opinion, the roses  thing is a cop-out; the film lacks the courage of its convictions; but who  wants a NC-17 rating?  No theaters screen NC-17 films, and NC-17 films  never win Oscars.<br />Kevin Spacey, despite using all his Kevin-Spacey-Shtik   (droll expressions, world-weary murmur, et al.), is the character we most  care about, but, as I'm intimating, no thanks to him.  Considering the  ponderous denouement, his facile interpretation isn't really called for --  we need a more serious performance.  The other characters are cartoons:   The Termagant Wife, the Spooky Teenager  (there are several), the Repressed  Homosexual.<br />To finish: despite its slick attempt at   &quot;sophistication&quot;, e.g., the Floating Trash Bag, the Rose Petals,  the Voice from the Grave, this is a very mainstream tale told in a  surprisingly average way.  Besides all that, the actors chew the scenery   (Bening's blubbering, Spacey snapping his wrists as he hands over a bag of  burgers).  All this has been done before -- I just don't know what all the  fuss is about.  &quot;American Beauty&quot;  has some merits, but it ain't  no  &quot;Lolita&quot;.
B0000214F2|2.0|Yuck, yuck, yuck. A blatant rip-off of two of Williams' earlier (and much better) films, 'Good Morning Vietnam' and 'Dead Poet's Society'.  I won't ruin the plot for anyone who still wants to see this waste of film, but it  includes a number of themes that were explored in nearly identical ways in  the former movies (I almost expected everyone in the courtroom scene to  start yelling 'O captain, my captain.').
B00000J7J4|3.0|I'll admit that this album has been over-hyped since I originally purchased it way back when it was first released.  To boot, &quot;Smooth&quot; has been worn dead on the radio.  However, there are a  lot of hidden surprises far beyond &quot;Smooth&quot;.  If you are a fan of  Santana, and are open to an album with multiple 'guests', this is a great  diverse album.  I contest Tamarak's opinion on &quot;Eagle Eye  Cherry&quot;, which would be his birth name.  The son of Jazz musician Don  Cherry, and brother of Nina Cherry.  For those not familiar with Eagle  Eye's album &quot;Desireless&quot;, I would highly recommend it!  I admit I  originally bought this Santana album, with the expectation that Dave  Matthews was part of more than one song, it has been an enjoyable album,  although not worthy in my book of multiple Grammy Awards!  Had it not won  all those awards, I might have rated this a 4-star album.  This album goes  above and beyond &quot;Smooth&quot;, although not all 'guests' may be to  everyone's fancy...
B00003BE32|5.0|Wonderful!  Totally Metallica!  The Symphony adds to the amazing talant of the group.  The documentary video that comes with this gives a great insight as to how everything was put together.  A true enjoyment for both  the metal lover and the symphony lover.  This is truely a musical  masterpiece!
0783225903|3.0|I have noticed that people either think that this movie is the best movie ever or that it is absolute trash. In my opinion, the truth is somewhere in the middle. While it is not bad by any stretch of the imagination, the  story is really not all that interesting. Granted, the film  does contain  many interesting sequences and both the acting and art direction are great,  but the story leaves a lot to be desired. Yes, there is a great ending and  there are some good ideas but some suspense wouldn't have hurt either.  As  much as I liked the set design and the characters, I couldn't help but feel  bored in the last third of the film.  In short, great visuals and ideas but  the story itself could've been better. I guess, that is the problem with  most surrealistic films: they throw so many suprises at you that you  quickly become accustomed to them and ,as a result, you are  no longer  suprised by anything in the movie.
B000009VOL|4.0|Sometimes you're happy and sad at once, and you need a record like this. It opens a space for all those moments when you're feeling kind of misty, not quite at home in yourself...and it lets you feel at home.<br />Chan Marshall (who is Cat Power) knows how to tap into that happy/sad vibe with such ease for someone so young. I'd been listening to Beth Orton for a while, enjoying the wide open spaces of her warm voice. Then I heard Chan. Maybe it's the sparse production on \\"Moon Pix\\", but somehow Chan's soul really shines through. She's got an achy, breaky voice that can turn a line like \\"Yellow hair, you are such a funny bear\\" (from \\"Colors and the Kids\\") into a deeply moving expression of love remembered.  \\"Colors\\" may seem like \\"just a piano ballad,\\" but it sneaks up on you with its intensity.<br />Opening track \\"American Flag\\" rocks the blues a little before moving into more hushed territory. The country-tinged \\"Moonshiner\\" is great for sobbing in your beer. The hopeful lyrics of \\"Cross Bones Style\\" keep you going when the chips are down (\\"Come on child, in a cross-bones style/You have seen some unbelievable things...\\").<br />\\"Moon Pix\\" is a soul-searching album crafted of much love, but without the heaviness that can accompany such an endeavor. It's loose, spare, bluesy; emotional, yet leaving room for your own. I love this album. I will never cease to need it by my side.
B00003CWPR|4.0|After having seen the film twice in theatres, I was anxious for the DVD to become available. As all Kubrick fans know - multiple viewings are essential to become aware of all of the craft that he built into each  project. <br />Amazon.com supplied the DVD at the right price, and shipped it  very quickly. I have already had the chance to enjoy the film again - and I  would recommend Eyes Wide Shut to anyone who has ever enjoyed a previous  Kubrick film.
0393317552|5.0|After reading the first chapter, I had a feeling  that this would be a very interesting book, and I  was right. Guns, Germs, and Steel gives a very acurate and easily understandable history of the world, and why some  cultures advanced faster than others. The book answered many questions I  have had on human advancement. Once I picked it up, I could hardly put it  down.
6304504012|5.0|When I first saw this movie I didn't understand it because it was completely in song, but after second time I understood what it was about, and it was really good, and it makes you want to learn more about Juan and  Eva Peron, that's what's good about a documentary type movie it makes you  want to learn more about the subject. After I saw the movie I saw the play  when it came to my town, and it's just as good maybe better. I think some  of the scenes in the play should have been in the movie, I think some of  the things the movie left out would have been great on screen. Like the  part where Eva is dying and she sees images from her past(past scenes from  the play), that would have been wonderful if Eva could have seen images of  her old self and people she came in contact with on her way to fame, but  they left it out.  I also think they shouldn't have let Eva sing  &quot;Another Suitcase in Another Hall&quot; they should have just let the  mistress sing it, having Eva sing it confuses things, did Magaldi dump Eva  like in the movie or did she dump him like in the play, I don't know but  either way the movie is really good and I highly recommend it!
0393317552|5.0|After reading the first chapter, I had a feeling  that this would be a very interesting book, and I  was right. Guns, Germs, and Steel gives a very acurate and easily understandable history of the world, and why some  cultures advanced faster than others. The book answered many questions I  have had on human advancement. Once I picked it up, I could hardly put it  down.
6305657947|3.0|In a word, This movie was fun. The DVD of this movie was a little light on the extras, but the DVD itself was good; The sound was good, and there were no major quite parts that would jump to a loud part...but was good as a  whole.<br />The movie itself was a fun movie, and not to give too much away,  someone has stolen a picture and its a cat and mouse game between the 2  main characters, Rene R and Pierce B. It evolves into an intriguing plot  that answers all your questions by the end of the film. The movie moved  good and there was a dry spot in it for me right in the middle, but picks  up fast in the last 20 minutes...<br />In all, id say rent the DVD before you  by it. If you saw this movie and want it for your collection, get it. If  you never seen it, rent it first, and then think about it. I am one of  those that will only buy a DVD if it has extras that the VHS doesnt have,  or a 'joe favorite', and for me, this was neither...sorry Amazon...mabey  when Star Wars comes out... :)
B000002BYD|4.0|Pearl Jam has put out consistantly great music while for the most part staying away from the billboard top 40 and off of the heavy radio rotation. Everyone seems to criticize everything the band has done after vs., which  is just when they started getting interesting. Pearl Jam got sick of all of  these so called &quot;fans&quot; who are always talking about the  flavor-of-the-month and wanted to start doing things they're way. Sure they  made a few mistakes along the way, like cancelling shows, fighting with  ticketmaster,  and firing drummer Dave A., but they are still here and are  really the only Seattle band left from the &quot;grunge&quot; era.  Yield  really marked the return of Pearl Jam to the public, with a world tour  (They were awesome in concert), a home video (not so great), a cool music  video (Do the Evolution) and even a live album which really rocked. Yield  may have revived a few old fans from the &quot;Jeremy era&quot; with  'Wishlist' and 'Given to Fly', but the powerful 'In Hiding' and 'Faithful'  were my favorite tracks. I don't think this album was as good as  &quot;Vitalogy&quot; or &quot;No Code&quot;, but anything to get PJ touring  again was good enough for me.  If you are not a Pearl Jam fan quit  criticizing the band for God's sake. I'm tired of hearing from band-wagon  music fans.
B000002H6C|5.0|I am a great fan of Metallica's 80s metal. I have heard all of their albums and this best there is. If you are planning on buying a Metallica CD you should buy this one
B000002KBU|5.0|I'm not normally into this sort of music, but I was once loaned the album by a girlfriend, and I think it's fantastic.  Her voice is murmurous and so smooth.  I think she has the best voice of any of them.  And the songs are  pretty good too, most of them simple arrangements of acoustic guitar and  voice, occassionally augmented by the mid-song arrival of James Taylor  (&quot;Case of You&quot;) or Steven Stills (&quot;California&quot;) on  backing guitar, which fills up the space nicely.  A few songs are on piano.   Despite the some of the lyrics, it is an upbeat album in the end, written  during Joni's prolific phase during the early 70s before she had wavered  into jazz and before she'd quite ceased being official groupie of Crosby  Stills Nash and Young.  Anyway, Joni sings like no other on this album.  I  love &quot;Case of You&quot; and &quot;River&quot;.
034538072X|5.0|Having initially read the autobiography by Margaret George, I decided to read this to gain another perspective.  The styles are very different but the story remains compelling.  Alison Wier takes a very different approach  to Margaret George, but the result is no less worthy.  It is interesting to  contrast where the two accounts differ, but in the vast majority of cases,  they back each other up but seen from a different angle.  The story slowly  unfolds and even though you know what is going to happen, you want to read  on to find out why or how.  Because of this I often found it hard to  actually put the book down and get some sleep!  I feel I have now read two  very good accounts of Henry, one giving his version, the other more from  the side of the wives.  This book provides the intrigue and illustrates the  politics of the time and how in many cases people had little choice in  their actions.  Fascinating reading and highly recommended
6305807086|4.0|What would you expect from a movie in which someone finds, in the seventh and a half floor of a building, a kind of portal to the mind of the actor John Malkovich that makes it possible, for those who enter, to see the world through John Malkovich's eyes, for fifteen minutes? A lot of  creativity, isn't it? That's it! I'm not kidding! This movie really exists  and it is called &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot;. And, if there is one  movie that we can call creative, this is the one.<br />&quot;Being John  Malkovich&quot; is probably the most creative film ever made. Directed by  the video maker Spike Jonze, it will prove to you that being your own self  is the best idea, even if you ever wanted to be someone else, with a  brilliant and extremely original screenplay that surprises you from the  beginning until the last minute of the film. What about John Malkovich  being John Malkovich? Got confused? Watch the  movie and you will be asking yourself how can a person create such a  creative movie. You will not believe in what you will see, specially if you  see it through your own eyes.
0451167716|5.0|The canonization of Francis Ford Coppola's two-part adaptation of this book in the film world has made us forget that, upon its release, The Godfather (the novel) was actually considered quite pulpy, and not of the  high-art status that the films have achieved.<br />Personally, I couldn't care  less -- Mario Puzo is an entertaining storyteller, and the characters he  created were marvellous -- the seemingly docile Michael Corleone; hothead  Santino; Tom Hagen, the brilliant lawyer with an identity crisis; Luca  Brasi (underused in the film version), the subhuman brute; Albert Neri, a  man driven by circumstances into the world of crime; and of course Vito  Corleone himself, the elegant mastermind, a man with a dream, a  romanticization of the crimelord as a patriarch of King Lear  proportions.<br />The novel benefits from its chosen form.  A scarcely  acknowledged fact about the Godfather pictures is that much-needed  exposition often had to get excised because there was so much back story to  each character set up in the book that the film form couldn't handle  adequately.  You might notice in the Godfather films how Michael's return  to America is completely unexplained; Luca Brasi's power and strength are  never shown onscreen (he appears at the wedding, then dies in the bar at  the hands of the Tattaglias); Paulie Gatto becomes a skimpish character;  Genco Abbandando disappears; and Tom Hagen's conflicts about being  consigliere are minimized.  Even given two three-hour films, the amount of  information in the one source novel couldn't be disclosed properly,  resulting in huge gaps of information.  Puzo's novel does it well, with  exaggeratedly elevated language, character behaviour, and third-person  narrative.  It works beautifully, even given its trashier inclinations (eg.  commentaries on Lucy Mancini's anatomy, and the large Johnny Fontaine/Nino  Valenti subplot).<br />Small wonder that this larger-than-life novel spawned  the most famous film series of alltime, the first entry of which has been  called the best film ever made (I have contentions with that).  The  Godfather can be read as pure entertainment and, if so desired, as  literature.
B000002HAF|4.0|Ive had this CD for a couple of years, and never really gave it much of a chance.  My first impression of Surfer Rosa was that I'd rather listen to Doolittle.  The songs aren't as accessable on this record.   Recently I  began working it into my daily rotation, and I am shocked.  I have no idea  how I could have overlooked songs like Gigantic, Cactus, River Euphrates  and some others.  Black Francis (Frank Black) is one of the more underrated  singers and songwriters of the last 20 years.  I implore you to buy this  album and give it more of a chance than I did.
B00000FCBC|3.0|Not only did the band play with much more ferocity and intensity prior to the decline signified by the Load album in 1996, but it also chose more appropriate covers.  While some of the more left-field choices are bold  (and admirable for a metal band), they also result in some questionable  music.<br />Metallica was the wrong band to cover Blue Oyster Cult's  &quot;Astronomy&quot;; James Hetfield's singing is solid if not a knockout,  but Lars Ulrich seems to have fallen asleep behind the drum stool, his  rhythms lifeless and stagnant, and the guitars could have been much more  prominent.  Same for other odd covers like Black Sabbath's &quot;Sabbra  Cadabra&quot; and Bob Seger's &quot;Turn the Page&quot;; all of them  could've used more kerosene in the arrangements and performances.<br />The old  covers hold up well:  The drunken, brutal slayer of Queen's &quot;Stone  Cold Crazy&quot;; the delirious &quot;Killing Time&quot;; and locker-room  braggart &quot;So What&quot;.  Then, of course, there are the classic cover  of &quot;Am I Evil&quot; and the tracks from the Garage Days Re-Revisited  EP, which only serves to remind us that, even though Metallica also had a  sense of humour back in 1987 (not just the gloom and doom of ...And Justice  for All and Master of Puppets), it played better music then.
1573226521|5.0|Truly awesome!  This first book from Alex Garland deserves to be ranked right up there with such youth angst novels as Irvine Welsh's &quot;Trainspotting&quot; and Burgess's &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;. A  thrilling read from the get-go and deserving of all accolades bestowed upon  it. Garland's characters are not devoid of substance, but rather deftly  crafted as naiive, idealistic, and (important for the novel) mysterious.  Perhaps none more so than Richard. As the protagonist, he carries the  reader on his back all the way to the beach utopia and back out, never  fully revealing himself. As we make our escape, we are relieved to be  fleeing the nightmare, but saddened by the realization that the book is  coming to an end. A truly remarkable read!
B00003CXAY|5.0|It's a matter of taste. (I WANT THIS ON DVD) It is not of words as there is no dialogue except the rush at the very end of the movie. (I WANT THIS ON DVD) It is of motion and reaction to that motion.  Hi-speed, slow-speed,  macro, micro, close-up and far out.  (I WANT THIS ON DVD)  It is a display  that will take you on a trip without the need for drugs.  I first saw this  on PBS.  I recorded it, not knowing what it was, but realizing it was  important. (I WANT THIS ON DVD)  I was able to find it on Betamax.  I still  treasure it.  I WANT THIS ON DVD.   It is a masterpiece on film.  I relate  to it.  (I WANT THIS ON DVD).  Just try to find another movie that has so  much to see and so much to tell.   You will learn as much from this movie  as you will reading all of Carlos Casdenada and Don Juan. On the other  hand... you might find some who will fall asleep in front of it.  Not that  it's bad, but the chanting, music and eye-candy can put you out if you are  not into it from the get-go.  (I WANT THIS ON DVD).  It may start slow, but  in a matter of moments you will be flying so fast, so far, so high... it  will be hard to keep up.  Therefore, DVD, simply to go back and see that  one segment again and again. Oh, did I mention... I WANT THIS ON DVD and so  should you!
1573225517|3.0|This book is simply - NOT THAT GOOD. It's not horrible, but . .
0590353403|5.0|In J.K. Rowlings Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone, Harry is a boy that has been abused for all of his life, and who soon finds out that he is someone special.  He is famous in another world, a world of magic.  When Harry is eleven years old he recieves a letter from Hogwarts, a school  where children learn to become wizards, and so begins his first year at  Hogwarts.  But Harry is haunted by his horrible past, and so his first year  is full of surprises. J.K. Rowlings writes with fun and satifactory in  mind.  She creates very addictive reading, and very creative well thought  out events and characters.   Adults and children will all love reading this  book.  It truly brings the fantasy world to life as well as the kid inside  us all.
B000002GLT|4.0|John was able to recruit, yet not retain very talented musicians from the US to back him. I saw  him twice in the early seventies and his egocentrism in on stage comments that &quot;I'm the star.&quot; leave a negative  impression . He eventually ran out of material,or else it became to tedious  to continue.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Love the movie. But i dont like that its the edited version on the DVD. I saw it first in the US then home in Sweden uncenserd. The uncenserd is better and more powerfull. <br />I dont understand the doubble morals of the  US (Iam an us citizen but dont live there).<br />But you still need to buy  it.
B000001E3V|5.0|You're not really a Clapton fan is you do not own this record. This is Clapton with the most fiery band he has ever assembled (Cream included), and they inspire him to take his playing different directions and to new  heights. Particularly noteworthy is the way Jim Gordon's drumming fires  Clapton's playing. When talking about people who really had a great  influence on 60s pop/rock, Gordon's name will rarely come up, but his  unmistakable playing shows up on countless records from the 60s and early  70s. There are some great session drummers (Steve Gadd, Hal Blaine, Al  Jackson, Roger Hawkins) from this time period, but, in my mind, Gordon tops  them all. Man, did he have chops! The way he and Clapton key off each other  has to be heard to be believed. The only time I've heard Cream jel as well  as these guys do is on Crossroads which, to me, is Cream's signiture song.  Not that things here don't get a little loose or go on a bit long here and  there (Cream's weaknesses live), but the saving grace is the band's  cohesiveness and Clapton's incredible guitar playing!<br />I agree that the  shorter version is preferable. I think they made the same mistake here that  they did with ABB Live at the Fillmore. They used alternate takes that were  not as good. But hey, who am I to quibble when we get all that extra music?  I mean, isn't every note Clapton ever played sacred?<br />One of the best live  albums ever. Period
B0000399WI|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption has to be one of the most powerful movies of all time, the only other film which moved me more than this was Braveheart.  The character portrayal of Red did the book justice and the on going  struggle of the characters moved smoothly from one to another.  Has to be  Tim Robbins best.       One of the most interesting things about the film  is the fact that the main character in the film isn`t Freeman or Robbins  but Shawshank itself and the effects it has on each of the inmates and  wardens alike.      The only thing against the DVD is the lack of extras,  but the film surely makes up for this, and some.   You`d be a fool not to  buy this movie.
B000002513|4.0|Truly one of Bruce's most under-rated albums.  There was life before BORN TO RUN, and ROSILITA is here to prove it.  ROSILITA is my all time favorite Bruce song, even though I was not alive when it first came out.  I don't  know what to say that hasn't allready been said by the other reviewers,  except that those of you out there who think that GLORY DAYS is an early  Bruce song don't know what you are missing.
0195073401|2.0|I've read this book and i find it too dificult to understand it although i study applied economics
1573227978|4.0|Let me just start by saying that I loved the book. It was the fastest well written book that I have read. I hear some people claiming that there was a lack of character development.  Personally, I feel that these readers are too dependant on the heavy-handed writing style that is so dominant these  days. One can tell a lot about a person by what video games he plays. Or I  could be dead wrong.  Maybe the book was terrible and I just miss Thailand.
6305750750|5.0|This movie is a wonderful must see for all Star Wars fans. I myself had never seen one until I heard about Episode 1. I thought I might as well see it and I'm so very glad I did! The movie was a great example of todays  tecnology and a great movie to see with children or maybe just by yourself!  Whatever you do, don't judge this movie or anything else by the ratings,  see it for yourself!
6305750750|2.0|THis movie was written for 12 years olds, and comes off as a poor successor to the ultimate sci fi classic. <br />IN one sum up sentance, me sa ja ja binks, me sa lamo character  so little kiddie enjoya moviea. <br />Me no  belonga in real sci fi movie. Me no betta be in next one!
B000023VTQ|5.0|Hugh Grant and Julia Roberts prove in Notting Hill that a movie about love in the '90's can be tender and poignant without graphic sex and profane language. I saw it several times and plan to buy it as soon as it is  available. It is a movie you can watch with a date. The soundtrack,  especially &quot;She&quot;, makes a great connection between old-fashioned  love and modern musical expression. For anyone who wants their faith in  humanity and love restored, Notting Hill is the perfect movie. Realism is  sometimes not as necessary as a breath of fresh romantic air.
B00000JJQK|4.0|OK OK OK....I was reading most of the reviews and they all say about the same thing....this is the greatest album of all time, so on and so forth.  I actually bought this album because I was intrigued about the Beach Boys  after watching the miniseries about them on abc.  Yes, I think this is a  good album but I really don't think that any album should be classified as  the best.  As for the Beatles, which I have to mention because they are my  personal favorite group, they were influenced by this album.  It might seem  that I am biased against the Beach Boys, because I do like their music, but  I think that the Beatles' material has more of a greater listening quality.   Truthfully, one has to be in a certain mood to listen to &quot;Pet  Sounds&quot; and really enjoy it.  But this is a good album.
6304708521|4.0|Great film! Great songs! Why is the print they used for the transfer so dirty? You'd think they'd have figured it out by now. Watch it though. George looks totally bored by it all, Ringo is quite funny.
B00000163G|5.0|This is an incredible two cd album, every song is unique, and with a great beat. I believe this maybe the best rap album ever. The only cd that may compete with it, is the Makeveli 7 day Theory. Every song on both cds are  worth listening, each song could be its own masterpiece. 2pac is the  greatest rapper ever, and has songs that haven't even been released yet,  that are phat. Any rap fan has to pick up this cd, if I could give this a  higher rating I would, most of the songs from the greatest hits album are  from All Eyez. Probably all of them could make the greatest hit album, both  cds are great, and should get 5 stars each. Makeveli lives on!
6305165912|5.0|This is a very funny (and addictive) movie.  It is one of those great DVDs that you can pop in anytime, at any point in the movie, and it will make you laugh every time.<br />This is also one of the few DVDs with both the  regular and widescreen formats of the movie on the same side of the disc.   This is a nice feature that all DVDs should have.  Picture quality and  sound clarity are excellent.  Great music too!  Buy this DVD.  You will not  regret it.
0553062182|5.0|All I can say is that if any of the symptoms apply to you this book can make you feel so much better about who you are. It changed my life because now I understand who I am; and now I know I'm not alone, I'm not the only  one who freaks out when too many people are talking at once and the music  is loud and the TV is blaring. This book also teaches you how to make your  own peace with your sensitivity.
B00000ILDE|1.0|This is a great movie, but the twenty minutes of extra footage is ridiculous.  Yes, as a fan, I was curious to see the extra footage.  But no, as a fan, I do not want to have to watch it again. The new scenes are  sometimes long, sometimes boring, but mostly just annoying.  Other DVDs,  such as Austin Powers, provide cut scenes as bonus materials on the DVD  menu.  This is a nice feature.  The same should have been done with Aliens.   If you have three hours to spare and are a loyal fan, buy this DVD.   Otherwise, wait until they (hopefully) will release the original version.
B00001NFCY|3.0|Grunge's poster-boy Kurt Cobain might have perished under the claw of fame in 1994, though the genre's swan song wasn't heard until 1997 brought forth Soundgarden's &quot;Down on the Upside.&quot;  It was an epic tribute to an  era that had done its bid for king and country in revitalizing hard rock.   Of course, grunge was such a marketable alt-rock phenomenon that one can't  help but see clone bands on the horizon sweeping in to claim the void as  their own, such as Bush, Silverchair, Live, and Candlebox to name a few.   Creed is one of those quintessential post-grunge bands.  And though  &quot;Human Clay&quot; touched me on a guilty-pleasure level, on the whole  I was underwhelmed.  Oh sure, there were grunge-rock trademarks a-plenty of  dirgy riffs, hooks, smothering bass lines, distortion, and snarling vocals,  but I couldn't get over how much Creed sounds like a generic version of  early Stone Temple Pilots.  Scott Stapp sounds even more like Scott Weiland  than Weiland sounds like himself at times.  The funny thing is that STP  were initially chided as the original garden-variety Pearl Jam rip-offs,  but have now been coveted by critics into the rock creed (no pun intended).   However, a second xerox (Creed) of a xerox (Stone Temple Pilots) of an  original (Pearl Jam) won't do a band any favors in originality.<br />I feel  like Creed's biggest appeal will be to STP fans who felt like their band  started to die off the top when they released &quot;Tiny Music,&quot; and  wanted a sound more of &quot;Core&quot;'s milieu.  However, if you are a  fan of Creed's sound, I recommend you check out the progenitors of the  Seattle Sound first, namely Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains, and others  I'd listed above.  If you're already overtly familiar with these bands and  still pine for a new batch of moody grunge anthems (which I wouldn't really  blame you for in a landscape of boy bonds, diva-pop, and mainstream hip-hop  hybrids), then Creed will feed the need.  However, I found I could live  without it, and got much of the same desired effect putting STP's  &quot;Core&quot; or &quot;No.4&quot; on my CD player.
6305297525|5.0|Well it is evident that there is only 2 ways you can go on this movie. either you will love it or hate it. simply reading the reviews will tell you that. but every body is diffrent so i say rent it you will never know  if you will like it or hate it untill you try. but i loved it, i, who am a  christian, dont agree with the way they protray heaven and hell, but that  is a personal opinion. as far as the visuial effects, they were stunning.  the acting was good, Williams and Gooding are great together. so rent it  and see what you think.
B00000IMTF|5.0|There has never been a better metal duo than Blackmore and Dio, and, although they worked together for a woefully short time, they left us with this absolute gem!  I remember hearing Rainbow Rising in its entirety on  the radio in 1976, when I was a teen.  I still get the same rush, chills,  and goosebumps when I hear it today.  Is Stargazer better than Kashmir, or  not! Well, Cozy Powell (R.I.P.) is totally high energy on this, Blackmore  never better!  Fantastic remastering job, all the original artwork...hell,  I might buy another copy!
B0000024TT|5.0|Leonard Cohen is an inexhaustible spring of poetry and melodies that's been flowing for over thirty years. This album contains some of his best songs from his acoustic coffee-house period. Buy this album and be  converted to Cohenism.
B000009ED0|5.0|Say what you will, that Kid Rock is a gimicky white boy who sings gangsta rap and all that, but don't say it in front of me, pickle-boy, or we'll have a bad exchange.
B00003CX95|5.0|This is by far the best history lesson I ever had.  The story is invigerating, the action scenes ar great, and the love story is very emotional.  When I first watched this movie I thought it would be boring  because it was three hours long, But when it ended I wanted more and  thought it was too short. You must see this movie.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I love Sarah, and I love all of her music.  I bought this cd right when it came out, and I loved it right away.  Hearing the songs live is a lot different from hearing them on her old cd's.  They  are like new songs.  If  you love Sarah like I do, then buy the cd!  :-) Sarah, I'm ready for a new  one....
B0000065PD|5.0|First of all let me say that the Stargate film itself is excellent.  I felt a sense of awe as this ancent device opened a door to another world.  I have seen the special edition on VHS and the original VHS.  In my  opinion, I found the extra content of the special edition distracting.   Actually, I can see why the scenes were dropped.  They really do not  contribute to the storyline.  The movie runs smoother without the scenes.   The scenese are neat to see atleast once, but thats all...  If you are  getting the VHS and not DVD edition, then I recommend the movie edition and  not the special edition.
B00000IKSC|5.0|This video totally rocks, and uplifts your spirits everytime you watch it. It shows the boys performing a whole concert for you. It has each solo form each boy.( including Brian's solo,&quot;Cause She Said&quot; where he plays  a guitar w/ one other of the band members) It makes you feel that you are  right there with them, waving your little signs!  It a great flick!
B00004LN16|5.0|One of the best rock and roll bands are back after a long absence, and they sound better than ever.  &quot;Safe in New York City&quot; and &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; are excellent!
B00003CWPQ|2.0|The sex in this was toooo much. I will not recommend this movie to anyone. It had far to much sex and not a lot of content. I was really. upset at the ending! IT WAS STUPID!
B00004LN16|5.0|One of the best rock and roll bands are back after a long absence, and they sound better than ever.  &quot;Safe in New York City&quot; and &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; are excellent!
B00004D3C1|4.0|When I first purchased this CD I brought it home and cranked it up on my home stereo, I was a little disapointed. But I needed to run to the store to buy some stuff so I brought it along with me, big difference. This definatly needs to be played in your car, van, el camino, whatever and played loud. I only wish I owned a camaro. These guys know how to make rock that doesn't take itself too seriously and, at the same time, isn't some parody of itself. An album for any intelligent music listener who wants something that would appeal to their less than intelligent side.
0449002632|4.0|I am more willing to learn about history in the form of novels than I am from non-fiction, so I bought this before visiting London.  Giving myself only 2 weeks was not a good idea, however, as this is a very big book.  It reminds me a bit of Mitchner, starting at year 0 and following families  through time, but the stories aren't as engaging as Mitchner's.  I liked  it, though, and when visiting the places in London that I read about in the  book, I felt I had a little insight as to what life was like for an  ordinary person in one period or another of London's history. It's a very  good historical novel.
0679746048|5.0|This is about a girl who is admitted into a mental hospital by her parents after she attempts suicide. She ends up becoming friends with all the other residents and they learn a lot about each other. They also learn about  accepting who they are and living with their problems. This is a compelling  and touching story that teaches you the values of friendship and the  priveleges of being sane.
B000002C25|3.0|This album has some real Oasis classics like All around the world,Its getting better man,don't go away and stand by me but it is no way as good as morning glory but u cant beat the best any way,some songs should have  been b-sides like I Hope i think i know and do you know what i mean. the  other songs are OK but it could have been a whole lot better dont you think
B00000I2MQ|4.0|Welches, I guess the import isn't really worth it, unless you BUY it while your at the other country. The extra cost isn't really worth that 1 or 2 extra songs, but nethertheless, it is AWESOME, just because its U2. THey  are the BOMB. Trust me, U2 can spur out some pretty impressive stuff, my  personal favorite is &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot; and &quot;Pride(in the name  of love)&quot;
6305363668|1.0|Just to add my opinion to the (thankfully) many others out there who apparently agree, the original version with the voice over is much better than the director's cut.  Ford's narration adds so much to the movie.  The  so-called &quot;phony happy ending&quot;, though silly, makes sense to the  movie.  If the alternate ending for &quot;Stigmata&quot; was shown on the  DVD, then both endings for Blade Runner should be shown on the DVD. I think  it's a travesty of justice in this unfair world that one cannot find a copy  of this version, the non-director's cut, anywhere.  Not on VHS, not on DVD,  not even on Amazon.com.  Please, if anyone out there in VHS land is  listening, WE WANT OUR ORIGINAL BLADE RUNNER!
B000001Y79|5.0|Tragic Kingdom was a new sound to rock/punk/ska. When you turn on the radio, all you hear are guitar riffs lead by male vocals -always. Stefani and Co. take the rock area by storm and introduce something different and  with a feminine touch. It's a CD that I still listen to despite how many  years I've owned it. It's entertaining and relevant -and that's what I love  about it.
B000003TAL|5.0|Are you new to the SY scene? hey, you could be young and I commend you on your choice of exploring these masters. Did you miss the boat in a Zeppelin haze? Not to worry, there is still a chance for you. A friend of mine told  guitarist/vocalist/composer Thurston Moore that this record (which was new  at the time that we saw him after his show in Atlanta in &quot;89) had  proven that all was possible with the guitar. One of those records that 's  true influence will not be able to be properly measured for another 50  years. Yes its that good. Is it instantly appealing? Well.....no. But is  anything rewarding easy. Like that girl that you didn't like at first but  soon discovered you couldn't live without.....you will be forever changed.
0920668372|5.0|Ok parents . . this may sound a little weird, but bear with me.  I am 15 years old, a sophomore in high school.  Today after school I was talking to one of my friends who I went to elementary school with.  Somehow our conversation turned to this book.  My friend said something about a book  that she used to love when she was little &amp; it went something like  this: &quot;I'll love you forever, my baby you'll be.&quot;  That line  sparked my imagination &amp; I too remembered that book.  It was from 2nd  gr . . our teacher had asked us to draw pictures from the book for mother's  day.  As soon as I got home, neglecting all of my homework, I went online  to search for this book.  With a stroke of luck I found it :o) Please buy  this book for your children.  I hope it will have as positive of an effect  on them as it did on me.
B00000064G|5.0|What is music? A communication of the soul itself? When done properly yes. Music is not a business. Music is expression. Music is art. Music is a gift to all. Nick was a gift. From the first note of the first song of Nick's  that I ever heard I was moved. This is personal, touching music that stays  with you long after you have heard it. Discover the awesome power of Nick  Drake and never hear sound the same again.
B000002O1P|4.0|Southern Accents represents Tom Petty's homage to his Deep South roots.  Sure, Petty is a Gainesville, FL native but that doesn't fool anyone.  Gainesville is as much a part of the South as Atlanta, Montgomery and  Mobile.  This album is also a watershed moment for Petty and his bandmates  as it embodies a burgeoning period of experimentation.  It captures Petty  in his rawest form when he is singing from his heart.  You  can hear the  true-to-life lyrics of his past in &quot;Rebels,&quot; &quot;The Best of  Everything&quot; and especially the haunting &quot;Southern Accents.&quot;  The title track is the most personal of all of Petty's songs.  In it, he  speaks to his childhood and young adult years with the wisdom of a man that  can acknowledge those aspects of his past.  The collection of songs here is  a big departure for the band.  It is part country, part psychedelic (on the  delicious mind candy that is &quot;Don't Come Around Here No More&quot;),  part bluegrass rock and part funk.  If you don't find something to please  yourself on one track, wait a few minutes and things will change.  New  sounds abound as vocal distortion (It Ain't Nothin' To Me) and new  instruments (big brass horn section and a sitar) make an impression.  Some  consider it an uneven effort but when taken in the context that it was  supposed to be a double album, Southern Accents comes off as a &quot;best  of&quot; collection of what Petty wanted to sing about.  He selected these  songs to give a wide palette of flavor to the listener and he succeeds as  he transitions relatively flawlessly from the various styles on this  excellent album.
0964385619|3.0|We all will identify with one of the two dads...most of us with Poor Dad.  For all but Generation X, we were told that a good education and a good job with a large, solid company were the keys to the good life and a secure  future.  Well, most of us now know that it just ain't so!  Robert Kiyosaki  tells us why we got where we are.  The Kiyosaki/Lechter team certainly will  not be remembered for their mastery of prose, but the book is worth its  price for the graphic presentation of financial statements that will make  it possible for us &quot;poor dads&quot; to fake it and explain personal  finance and wealth-building to our children in ways they can understand.   Who knows, it might also reorient our own thinking enough so we can reverse  some of the effects of following bad advice ourselves.
B00000J7J4|4.0|growing up and listening to santana was one thing, but being able to sit down and listen with your mom, today is another. 'supernatural' has helped enlighten young people who don't know santana, know the real. my favorite  &quot;do you like the way&quot; feat. lauryn hill and cee-lo of the goodie  mob is totally over-the-top and the new chart buster &quot;maria,  maria&quot; is also great. santana rocks, nuff said.
B00000BKI4|5.0|As another review here puts it: &quot;Weird but beautiful.&quot;  This is one of those albums that can make most everything else in your collection seem dull by comparison.  I honestly believe (well, I hope) it will have as  much influence on music as the Velvet Underground.  Buy it.  It will  intoxicate you like only the greatest music can.
B000000M4M|5.0|Not much to add to reviewer from California, except that Dinosaur (the Barlow years through Greend Mind) was the melodic noise band that did it for me they way similarly pegged bands, good as they were, never quite  (Husker Du, Nirvana or even more poppish outfits like the Primatives) never  quite.  While J. Mascis often comes off like a twit in interviews, here he  sounds like the sensitive introvert exploading in a massive rush.   Indescribably wonderful.
0395645662|2.0|The idea behind The Giver is clearly a unique perspective on things. It is the type of book where, you are placed in the middle of a totally different area, and you are left to figure out how it works. Gradually, you learn more and more, and things you thought were obviously true, weren't.  However, there are some things in this book that are unacceptable. For  instance, this society is very complex, and yet, there was still only one  active plot throughout the entire book. There was not a single scene that  did not contain the main character. This book has the potential to be alot  more entertaining to read, if it were to have more subplots. Also, the book  is very simply written when it comes to the grammar and choice of  vocabulary, thus, you do not have to be &quot;mature&quot; to understand  this book at all.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I think that this is a great cd.  I read in another review that Santana should not have begun mixing hip-hop into his music...  I think that it was a great move for Santana.  It's a new sound that a lot of people like.   Santana was great before, and he's just as good now.  A good artist needs  to do some changing sometimes... he did.  Even though he is using some  hip-hop on his new album, you can also hear his great guitar skills.
0553470485|5.0|I found the book Charlotte's Web by E.B. White to be a wonderful book for children of all ages.  It was a personal favorite of mine while growing up and I know many people who feel the same way.  This book includes all the necesities for children to love it including animals, friendships,  wonderful pictures, and a happy ending!  The book takes you away and puts  you in the shoes of a young pig named Wilbur who is trying to survive  without being made into bacon.  With a little help from his friends, Wilbur  is able to become &quot;some pig&quot; and surely impress all those who  came to see him.  I would definately reccomend this book to any young child  who is starting to read well and loves animals!  It is a great book for a  person to read at any age.
B000002HH9|5.0|This album really is a solid album. It is exactly what the title says, mood swings. It has some of the craziest Cure and some of the loveliest Cure. Club America is one of the 'rockinest' songs that The Cure has ever  put out. Jupiter Crash and Treasure are absolutely beautiful songs. Like  always, a lot of layered acoustics and keyboard lines with Robert Smith  singing well. The musicianship on this album and production is top-notch,  but I could seriously do without the horn sections. The 13th sounds like  Mexican folk music and it's very out of place on the album. There is only  one song that I could live without, The 13th. The album closes with classic  Cure, with Bare, a very lovely song that clocks in at nearly 8 minutes  long. Overall it is a very good effort from one of the best bands in the  world. Honestly a 4 1/2 star album, but I gave them the benefit of the  doubt.
B00002E233|1.0|Many Steven Spielberg's JAWS fanatics may have had a BIG dissapointment with this movie. Why?<br />1)Lame special effects<br />2)Really bad acting....I mean...real bad.<br />3)The plot is amazingly....dumb.<br />DO NOT waste your  time watching this movie. Nevertheless, I'm sure that if you haven't seen  it yet you'll watch it anyway...(I know I did) so by when the movie is over  please remember this review saying: &quot;I told you so&quot;
B00000J7A2|5.0|Finally somebody went back to the original tapes and remixed this - the original mixes were horrible.  They did a really nice job with the mixing, mastering, and liner notes on this.<br />And the music deserves it!  This is  highly imaginative music.  The tracks are generally blues-based but run the  gamut from &quot;slightly out there&quot; to &quot;way out there&quot;.   There is pure compsotional genius displayed (&quot;Electricity&quot;,  &quot;Dropout Boogie&quot;) which prefigures Befheart's later work.  There  is great, powerful blues-rock (&quot;Plastic Factory&quot;, &quot;Grown So  Ugly&quot;) which ranks well with the Stones' work from this time frame.   And there's great weird shimmering pop (&quot;Autumn's Child&quot;,  &quot;Call On Me&quot;, &quot;Yellow Brick Road&quot;) that stands alone,  unlike anything else in Beefheart's catalog.
1573300659|5.0|THIS VIDEO HAS IT ALL I MEAN IT HAS LIVE PERFORMANCES FROM MICHAEL JACKSON LIKE WENE HE PERFORMED &quot;BILLIE JEAN&quot; AT MOTOWN AND WENE HE PERFORMED AT THE GRAMMYS AND MUCH MORE I WATCH THIS VIDEO ALMOST EVERYDAY   I JUST CAN'T &quot;STOP TILL YOU GET ENOUGH&quot;.MICHAEL'S MUSIC WILL LIVE  ON FOREVER AND AS A PURCHASER OF THIS TAPE ITS NO.1 AND SO IS HIS HISTORY  VIDEO VOLUME.1.
0345403959|2.0|As an avid reader of Eddings works, including High Hunt, I found Belgarath the Sorcerer, and Polgara for that matter, a real disappointment. There are a number of inconsistencies between them and the Belgariad. For example, all of Garions ancestors call Belgarath &quot;Grandfather&quot;, but in the  original series, when Garion first calls Belgarath &quot;Grandfather&quot;,  it comes as a surprise to him (Belgarath). Polgara's engagement also  conflicts with what Aunt Pol tells Garion when he suggests she marry Durnik  in the Belgariad also. I have read both the Belgariad and the Malloreans,  and the Elenium and Tamuli series for that matter, numerous times, I doubt  that I will revisit Belgarath or Polgara.
6302994063|5.0|Having to watch this for a film appreciation class wasn't to exciting, but after I watched it, it was great! With it's wonderful direction, acting, and romantic storyline it is a must have for all movie watchers!  I  highly reccomend buying this movie from Amazon!
0553573403|5.0|The promising beginning of the saga stands as an example of how to weave stories of complexity. It is clearly not designed for younger readers and those without patience. It is not the kind of book where action flows with  great swiftness, but every word is there for a reason. It has everything I  like: intrigues, devious politics, mysteries plus an eerie, almost  Lovecraftian touch. A must-read for more demanding readers.
6302994063|5.0|Having to watch this for a film appreciation class wasn't to exciting, but after I watched it, it was great! With it's wonderful direction, acting, and romantic storyline it is a must have for all movie watchers!  I  highly reccomend buying this movie from Amazon!
B00002Z88D|5.0|The mixture of symphony and Metallica sounded strange to me, but after listening to this CD, it is great.  You can feel the intensity of the concert through this CD.  The fullness of the symphony is a perfect  compliment to the hard-driving guitars, drums, and lyrics of  Metallica.<br />This is truly one of my most favorite CD of all time.  I  listen to this one over and over and hear something new every time.<br />A  definite must have for anybody, not just the Metallica fan.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is the most powerfully written book I've ever had the pleasure to read.  I picked this book up years ago, and couldn't put it down.  I am one of those people who &quot;can never read a book  twice&quot;.  But, at this date I have read Enders Game so many times I've  lost count.  <br />Orson Scott Card has the ability to let you &quot;see&quot;  what is happening.  I can envision the battle station and all the other  areas Ender has to visit.  I felt empathy for the characters, especially  Ender.  The trials and tribulations this young child went through nearly  broke my heart.  And yet, at the same time I admired him for his bravery  and strength of mind.  <br />This is the one book I make all of my friends  read.  And every single person who has done so, begs for the rest of the  books in the series.  Speaker for the Dead, Xenocide and Children of the  Mind continue the story of this tortured young man.  All are memorable  books.
0767812417|3.0|I not a big fan of this movie, and everytime I see it I am left wondering how did this overlong, over-indulgent musical win Best Picture.  I just don't get it.  I can understand &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; and &quot;My  Fair Lady&quot; winning; but &quot;Oliver!&quot;?<br />I think what annoys me  the most about this film are those huge, big budget, musical production  numbers that just seem to be in the movie simply for the sake of having  them.  They do nothing for developing the plot or the characters.(&quot;Who  Will Buy&quot; is a perfect example.)  Frankly, I find them a big bore and  they really make this movie drag.  It is way too long already with the main  characters breaking into a song and dance routine every five minutes or  so.<br />I do enjoy the timeless Dicken's story, some of the songs (The rapper  Jay-Z recently sampled from &quot;I'll Do Anything), and the performances  of Jack Wild and the late Oliver Reed.  Yet, I am still confused as to how  this movie won Best Picture.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is the most powerfully written book I've ever had the pleasure to read.  I picked this book up years ago, and couldn't put it down.  I am one of those people who &quot;can never read a book  twice&quot;.  But, at this date I have read Enders Game so many times I've  lost count.  <br />Orson Scott Card has the ability to let you &quot;see&quot;  what is happening.  I can envision the battle station and all the other  areas Ender has to visit.  I felt empathy for the characters, especially  Ender.  The trials and tribulations this young child went through nearly  broke my heart.  And yet, at the same time I admired him for his bravery  and strength of mind.  <br />This is the one book I make all of my friends  read.  And every single person who has done so, begs for the rest of the  books in the series.  Speaker for the Dead, Xenocide and Children of the  Mind continue the story of this tortured young man.  All are memorable  books.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Kubrick's last film, Eyes Wide Shut, is by far the year's best.  It is a chilling last testament of a director who happened to be a genius.
B00000J8EK|3.0|Surrender was one of those impulse buys at Tower.  It was playing in those changers that you can listen to, and I heard it.  Of course it's always a bad idea to buy a CD without borrowing it first, but I was in the mood to  buy one..<br />Now that I've had it for a while, it doesn't have much that  compels me to pop it back in the player.  Strong beat is there for just  about everything, but I need a good winding melody.<br />Should you buy this  CD?  Don't buy it on the credit of the Chemical Brothers; this CD is below  average for them.  Don't buy it for the music; I have to skip the first  three tracks every time.  Definitely don't buy it on a whim after listening  to it once. Buy it if you already own everything better.
B000002U9W|4.0|Although the band regard Atom Heart Mother as simply work that had no direction, it was definately the first concept album that put together the ground work for tunes like &quot;Echoes&quot;, and albums like &quot;Dark  Side of the Moon.&quot; This is the band at their creative best. Credit is  due to David Gilmour who took over the guitar work. This CD will definately  trip you out!  Listening to it now really dates the time when this music  was popular. I mean you just don't hear tunes like this anymore <br />Atom  Heart Mother brings you to a very far off place in your imagination only as  the &quot;FLOYD&quot; can do.......enjoy!
6300182266|5.0|The music, the effects, some of the acting...  It was all above and beyond what had been attempted up to that point on TV (1978).  It all holds up well over twenty years later, although it could be improved with a new TV  or motion picture version, which I will continue to hope for.  One small  detail I must point out:  I've seen it mentioned several times, the last  occasion by a reviewer slightly lower on this page, that this movie is a  combination of the TV pilot and the 5th episode of the series.  In reality,  the 5th episode of Galactica was &quot;The Long Patrol.&quot;  There is no  footage from &quot;The Long Patrol&quot; in this movie, so you don't have  to worry about some hatchet editing job being done.  This is simply the  3-hour pilot with about 20 minutes or so of footage edited out, so that it  runs slightly over 2 hours.  I don't know how, why or where this 5th  episode reference began, but it is not true.
B000002U82|5.0|How many bands can say that their work has been sent out beyond the stars? Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon was included in NASA's VOYAGER space craft program in the mid 70's. The project was a high level sort of time  capsule which included photos and sounds of every human language, place on  earth, technology, animals, etc. Voyager's primary mission was to journey  beyond our Solar System in search of life. <br />If picked up or intercepted  by any life form, NASA included very primative instructions to construct a  phonograph to play the round disc that included all of the sounds discussed  above. That disk also included music as one of many mankind creations. The  music included on that disk was the entire recording of Dark Side of the  Moon.<br />Voyager is now well beyond any human contact and is basically  predicted to &quot;voyage&quot; on forever. Or maybe not!
6305426651|5.0|La Vita e' Bella era un film piu bello che ho visto in mia vita.  L'amore di Guido(Roberto Benigni) per sua moglie (Nicoletta Braschi) e suo figlio (Giorgio Cantarini) e' un amore piu bello e piu sincero. Ho risato e ho  pianto. Se questo mondo e' pieno con un uomo come Guido, questo mondo sara'  perfetto!  Bravo Roberto!  Tu sei veramente un spettacolo!
6300181456|5.0|Absolutely delightful! Great fun and camp beyond belief! The story goes that the studio were all ready to make a movie version of The Boyfriend when suddenly they realised they did not have the rights to the songs! What  to do? I know, why not do our own musical using the sets, costumes and cast  that we have all lined up and ready to go! From the opening titles, where  we see the hilarious transformation of Julie Andrews' Millie from a plain  jane to a thoroughly modern, through to the hilarious round-up of villains  and the subsequent end titles, this is a masterpiece of comedy acting! As  you would expect with the likes of Julie Andrews, Mary Tyler Moore and  Carol Channing, the songs and dancing get first class treatment. The famous  'lift scene' where Julie and Mary have to tap-dance to get the lift to work  (due to a troupe of dancing girls who used to practice their routines in  it, which did something to the mechanism) is hysterical. One-liners are  strewn like rose petals all the way through the film and Beatrice Lillie as  the White Slave Trader/House Mother is in fine fettle. The surprise of the  film, to me at any rate, is James Fox as Jimmy. Not only does he show an  exemplary flare for comedy but also his singing and dancing are not that  bad! Everyone connected with the film seems to be having a whale of a time  and it certainly comes over to the viewer. I can't wait for this to be  released on DVD so that I can go to all my favourite spots in the film at  the flick of a switch! Great fun, but only for those with a sense of  humour!
0425170055|5.0|What can one say about Tom Clancy? His writing may not live on throughout history with the likes of Shakespear, but it will hold a small niche in our society. Clancy is a brilliant man, whose plots are as complex as enjoyable  to read. The review by &quot;A reader from Europe&quot; should be totally  disregarded. S/he is simply angered by the fact that America has such a  prolific author, who by the way has written a number of non-fiction books  and is quite intelligent, and that that author tells the truth, which  contradicts that readers own narrow perceptions of Europe being superior.  Please, no one run from this book because of that one person, it is simply  brilliant, and quite enjoyable. I recommend it to anyone with enough free  time to get through it.
080013558X|1.0|One of the biggest bombs of the 80's.  There are people still in a coma from watching this movie.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This CD is great. All of the tracks are very nicely done. There's just one promblem, theres somethings missing. For example, at the beginning when Obi-wan and Qui-Gon are battling the droids, the themesong of Star Wars is  playing throughout the whole battlescene, but it's not on the soundtrack.  Also, as Anakin walks off after saying good-bye to his mom, the Force  themesong starts playing, but it's not on the soundtrack. Why were they  left out? Anyway the best track is definitly Duel of the Fates. It has such  a powerful sound to it, and it fits perfectly with the lightsaber battle at  the end of the movie. The Force is definitly strong with this one.
6305718954|4.0|I wasn't sure about buying this DVD or not, but when I saw the alternate ending, i knew it was a good investment. I can't understand why they changed this ending, I'm sure they have had much better critics. There is  an option where you can see the movie with this ending... it's excellent,  the kind of ending I was expecting for this kind of movie....
B00004LN16|1.0|I'm seeing a lot of positive review here, but I have to disagree.  AC/DC is one of my favorite bands, but I'm the first one to admit when I think the music stinks. This CD sounds like it was put together in a week.  The  songs lack any flavor or talent...it's the same old A, E, D, and G chords,  with a lot of intros played on the b and e strings (like the intro to  &quot;Hard as a Rock&quot;, but not nearly as good).  To me, these songs  sound &quot;lazy&quot;...there's no energy in them, and they all sound too  similar.<br />Let's face it, they're washed up and will never be able to top  &quot;Back in Black&quot;, which has to be one of the greatest albums of  all time.  I just hope when they tour they only play the classics that made  them famous, because this CD isn't worth listening to.
B000021Y77|4.0|Not quite sure what was going on here....kinda reminded me of a cross between Groundhog Day and the multiple-endings in &quot;Clue&quot;, but fun nonetheless.  Very energetic film that FLIES by!<br />This DVD edition  features and English soundtrack, as well as the German soundtrack, and the  english subtitles can be turned on if you are a purist watching the  German-language version.  Also, the disc is two-sided, one side being  full-screen, the other being letterbox.
0451198492|3.0|I'm sure this book is a great example of what being in space is really like since it's so dull so much of the time.  Still it has its strengths and a very interesting premus.  All and all a worthy effort but by no means  the classic so many say it is.  It is better than the movie whose appeal  has always dumbfounded me.
B000007SPT|5.0|I heard this album for the first time in 1990, and it has haunted me ever since. . I never owned it until now, but I can still remember every note of &quot;Song to the Siren.&quot;  One of the most alluring songs I've ever  heard.  GET THIS CD.  It will be with you for a long time.
0440539811|1.0|Absolutely dreadful book.  All the worse because the first hundred pages are so funny.  But after that it is pure dreck.  The book actually contains a terrible review of itself written into the text.  Surely it was meant as  a joke (or perhaps an excuse) but it's far closer to the truth.  Don't be  fooled by this books books cult status.  Avoid it.
1569945136|5.0|I'm the guy who wrote the adaption for the monterey media audio cassette version of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein. Just to explain what the product isn't: it isn't a book on tape. What it is: is a dramatization of the story with many different voice acters, sound effects and original music. The story is brought to life through the characters and the action. What you don't get is some English guy reading to you out of the book.<br /><br />Remember, this is an adaption, which means the story is presented in a media other than the original novel. Some changes, of course, had to be made. With Frankenstein, there were a couple unique problems. One is, the book does not tell the reader how the monster was created, which I believe is important in a dramatization. You will find in my adaption the science behind the miracle of re-animation. Secondly, Victor Frankenstein created the monster much in seclusion without other characters around with whom to communicate. The novel uses long passages and chapters of exposition to deliver this information to the reader. In my adaption, I've had to expand a minor character, Professor Waldman, to provide dramatization, suspense and rising conflict. Likewise, in the novel, the monster learns language by hiding in a wood shed adjoined to a house where he observes its occupants for many weeks. This information is skirted over very quickly in my adaption because the emphasis is--as it should be--on the relationship between Victor Frankenstein and his monster.  Give it a listen and tell me what you think at jmatmckinley@yahoo.com
B000009ED0|2.0|&quot;Bawitdaba&quot; caught my attention because it's one of the few creative efforts I've heard in years that's neither syrupy nor angst-filled. It's a fun, funky/rockin' track. &quot;Cowboy&quot; is a real  trip, the varying musical styles are a big part of what makes it work.  &quot;Only God Knows Why&quot; there aren't more songs like this, some  people do still feel things besides hate, I hope. The rest of this album  isn't my cup of tea (well, Devil Without a Cause is kind of cool) but at  least someone is trying to be creative out there. Best of luck, Kid.
0792156684|1.0|Yeah, pity for the amount of money wasted on the  production of this movie in which the affairs have got nothing to do with the sinking of the ship. Amazing to see the mass interest that caused this movie to remain on  display for several weeks , even months. An example of a stupid love story  does not look any better on TITANIC and by no means is ''historical''event  whilst other thousands of passenger whose stories are not mentioned in the  movie find their death in the bottom. Movie -makers, please spend money on  more exciting things - no doubt you will get more admiration-  I assure,  more that what you get at this story.
B000003TA4|4.0|This is a cool cd. Kurt's voice, like Janis Joplin's is so bad it's good. The songs rock, and are very interesting. It's too bad the passion of the grunge movement began and ended with Cobain.
B000007T1M|5.0|This is a great cd from start to finish.  The lyrics may be odd to some people but the more you listen to it, the better it gets.  They don't sound like anyone else.  There music is original and stands for something.  They  don't make music just to sell alot of records like Korn.
B000002P48|5.0|This album has so many of Skynyrd's best tunes it could've been called &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;. &quot;Freebird&quot; is the obvious classic. The ode to an living an unpretentious life &quot;Simple Man&quot; (later echoed  by country singer John Anderson's &quot;I've Got it Made&quot;) is  beautifully heartfelt. &quot;Gimme Three Steps&quot; has got to be one of  the most energetic songs out there besides Charlie Daniels' &quot;Drinking  My Baby Goodbye&quot; and Brian Setzer Orchestra's &quot;Jump, Jive &amp;  Wail&quot;. And consider these lines from &quot;Things Goin' On&quot;, 'Too  much money we spend upon the ocean/Too much money we spend upon the moon.'  It was true back then and one only has to look at Nasa's expensive  screw-ups like the ill-fated Hubble Telescope to see that it's still true  in more recent times.
0879302755|4.0|THis is a great book for lovers of synthesizers,drum machines, and the history behind synth inovators.The only downside is that it doesn't cover much on Roland and Korg. If it did I'd give it a 5 stars.Maybe an update is  due in the secondhand section as when I first bought this book the prices  were near enough, but since the Techno DIY ethic prices have  skyrocketed.Well worth an investigation
B000002BBY|3.0|I found many of the songs to be quite catchy and Noel Gallagher has a way of putting just any phrases together and making them sound like they make sense (just what IS a Wonderwall?.) I wish they'd left off the instrumental  &quot;Swamp Song&quot;, and Liam's vocals can be hard to take. However,  I've listened to most of the bands/artists they get compared to (Beatles,  Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan) and I still think this CD has something to  offer- a good time.
0393307050|4.0|The only reason I don't give this book four stars is that it takes about 100 pages to get into, quite a bit for a 400-odd page book, until you consider that it is really a ~6500 page epic divided into 20 chapters.  This epic is life, neatly set out in black type, and anyone with a life  today will appriciate how similar it is to life 200 years ago. A note of  caution, though: if you get through those first hundred pages, you may not  be able to put these works down until you've read all twenty volumes.
B000009QPG|4.0|Ok, now we all know most people listen to heavy metal for the lyrics, right? Well, if you've got enough of a brain left after thrashing it around headbanging to these intense riffs, check out the anti-war sentiments of  &quot;War Ensemble&quot; or the tale of gang related violence  &quot;Expendable Youth&quot;. Another stand out track on this album is  &quot;Dead Skin Mask&quot;- the way the music and the lyrics build, then  when that kid starts screaming... Whew, what a rush!
6305169187|1.0|This movie is a testament to how the state of motion pictures is declining.  Noise, noise, and more noise doesn't always mean the film is entertaining.  The plot is predictable and the ending drags.  Another  thing: if a Texas-sized asteroid is exploded from the inside, it will not  make a clean break into two pieces.  Even if some city-sized asteroids are  left, it will still wipe out the whole human race.
B00000099Y|5.0|I love tool. This cd is there best work. Loud drums, heavy bass beats, Cool and hauting vocals, Tool has every thing every band needs to be good....yeah. I gave it 5 stars but in needs 10. Get it and listen to #1 #2  #3 #5 #7 and #13 for the best songs. Trust me. I know what I'm talking  about.
0684872153|5.0|Angela's Ashes is a remarkable novel by Frank McCourt.  He descriptively portrays his years of being a child growing up in the slums of Ireland.  Frank lives through more pain and hardship than any child.  He lives in a  run down house with his Mother, Father, and younger siblings.  Inside this  household and among the streets of Limerick, Ireland Frank's life is  unraveled.  His father can not hold a sturdy job and when he does the third  week he always drinks his wages.  This leads him to lose his job the next  day and the family again is begging for food, clthes and money.  His  mother, Angela tries so hard for her children to live a good life with food  on the table every night.  She results to begging relatives, neighbors, the  church just for a small bit of food.  Along with the fact that their family  is always nearstarvation, Frank endures in so much more.  Since he was born  in America, he does not hold an Irish accent so the children at school mock  and torture him.  Frank tries to be a good Catholic by going to church and  praying constently, however some relatives including his grandmother  disipline him and tell him that he is a sinner.  Frank is such a ninnocent  Irish boy who  lives a horrid life and tries to his fullest to make it  everything that a life should be. His father's tales of an Irish hero and  of an Angel keep him alive.  This novel gives the reader unforgetable  lessons, knowelegde and wonders about life itself.
6300213714|4.0|I first saw this movie about 15 years ago in high school. It was great fun then and remains so today.While certainly not one of the most intellectually challenging films ever made, it is nonetheless one of the  funnest to watch. To those few reviewers who seem hung up with the comic  book plot and action - that is exactly the point. I don't think this movie  was ever intended to be viewed as anything but a well directed and  furiously paced action/adventure film (speaking of furiously paced how many  amoung us could run almost the entire length of Manhattan and still be able  to stand on much less walk to Coney Island beach the next morning?). I  wholeheartedly agree with all those before me who say this is one of their  favorite movies it is one of mine also. If you are in the mood for a fun,  if somewhat quirky action film with some quick lessons about friendship and  loyalty thrown in this film is for you.
0684872153|5.0|Angela's Ashes is a remarkable novel by Frank McCourt.  He descriptively portrays his years of being a child growing up in the slums of Ireland.  Frank lives through more pain and hardship than any child.  He lives in a  run down house with his Mother, Father, and younger siblings.  Inside this  household and among the streets of Limerick, Ireland Frank's life is  unraveled.  His father can not hold a sturdy job and when he does the third  week he always drinks his wages.  This leads him to lose his job the next  day and the family again is begging for food, clthes and money.  His  mother, Angela tries so hard for her children to live a good life with food  on the table every night.  She results to begging relatives, neighbors, the  church just for a small bit of food.  Along with the fact that their family  is always nearstarvation, Frank endures in so much more.  Since he was born  in America, he does not hold an Irish accent so the children at school mock  and torture him.  Frank tries to be a good Catholic by going to church and  praying constently, however some relatives including his grandmother  disipline him and tell him that he is a sinner.  Frank is such a ninnocent  Irish boy who  lives a horrid life and tries to his fullest to make it  everything that a life should be. His father's tales of an Irish hero and  of an Angel keep him alive.  This novel gives the reader unforgetable  lessons, knowelegde and wonders about life itself.
B000002I25|5.0|Simply put, one of the best albums ever made, which happens to include one of the greatest songs of all time &quot;Light my fire&quot;.
0684872153|5.0|Angela's Ashes is a remarkable novel by Frank McCourt.  He descriptively portrays his years of being a child growing up in the slums of Ireland.  Frank lives through more pain and hardship than any child.  He lives in a  run down house with his Mother, Father, and younger siblings.  Inside this  household and among the streets of Limerick, Ireland Frank's life is  unraveled.  His father can not hold a sturdy job and when he does the third  week he always drinks his wages.  This leads him to lose his job the next  day and the family again is begging for food, clthes and money.  His  mother, Angela tries so hard for her children to live a good life with food  on the table every night.  She results to begging relatives, neighbors, the  church just for a small bit of food.  Along with the fact that their family  is always nearstarvation, Frank endures in so much more.  Since he was born  in America, he does not hold an Irish accent so the children at school mock  and torture him.  Frank tries to be a good Catholic by going to church and  praying constently, however some relatives including his grandmother  disipline him and tell him that he is a sinner.  Frank is such a ninnocent  Irish boy who  lives a horrid life and tries to his fullest to make it  everything that a life should be. His father's tales of an Irish hero and  of an Angel keep him alive.  This novel gives the reader unforgetable  lessons, knowelegde and wonders about life itself.
B00003CWPR|5.0|This is an amazing film that sums up Stanley Kubrick's amazing career with a final bang. The film seems confusing until the end, but when certain factors came to light, you are just in awe of the acting, the story, and  the overall, delivery of the film. Recomended for everyone.
B000002BE9|5.0|What can I say...Fiona Apple was 19 when she recorded HER songs for her first album. 19!  (And I'm not talkin about all those young people you see on MTV these days.) She is the real deal. This woman puts so much forth  from her soul. We are graced finally (how many years without?) with a real  talent. Pick this album up and her most recent one.  She reminds me of one  of my favorite songs covered by Chet Baker: My Funny Valentine...We are  very blessed to have this musical voice and vision among us. If you like  jazz melded with a groovin rock and roll beat, then you will love her  music! Jon Brion and Co., you picked (or were blessed with)the beautiful  music that we all need these days, How lucky you are to be involved with  the great one, and you guys help make it shine!
B00000JCOV|3.0|When I first read of the hype about Slipknot in the national metal 'press' (If you count Britain's main metal magazines as being worthy journalism), and saw the general buzz surrounding them, I was quick to dismiss them as  being merely another metal band which we would never hear of again after a  few months.  Several months down the line and the buzz continued, so I  thought I may as well give them a fair crack at the whip.  At first, I was  impressed by the panache with which they carried off their 3 minute-max  assaults.  There is some genuine innovation at work, but after hearing it a  few more times, the effect wore off and the songs became tired all too  quickly.  As players, the band are quite fluent and skilled, but their  influences are far too obvious, and they succeed in merely delivering  mutated derivatives of modern metal staples.  My pre-listening supposition  that they were mostly Korn with a large slice of Neurosis mixed in has  proved to be surprisingly accurate, but they lack the conviction and  invention of those two bands.  And I can tell one downtuned band from the  next.  Corey (I refuse to refer to him as a number) has an excellent voice  for harsh vocals, and his singing talents aren't bad either, but the  excreble rap on Spit It Out is to be avoided.  The lyrics range from the  truly inspired: &quot;You can't see California without Marlon Brando's  eyes&quot;, to the truly mundane: &quot;f**k you all, f**k this world, f**k  everything that you stand for&quot;, so its evens there.  The three  percussionist thing has been done before, and the main drummer is an  average among his death metal contemporaries, not yet near the standard of  the likes of Dave Lombardo or Igor Cavalera.   Having Ross Robinson as  producer may well eventually prove to be to the detriment of the band, as  he has succeeded in grafting his own trademarked sound which sadly pollutes  so many of todays promising new bands (including Sepultura's otherwise  phenomenal &quot;Roots&quot;), and thus manages to bracket them in the 'new  breed' category.  If Ross ever gets hold of Emperor, God help them...   The  mask 'thing' is hilarious, as the bands claims of &quot;not caring about  image&quot; is shot down in spectacular fashion by their all-too visible  uniforms and masks (which they nicked off the far superior Mr. Bungle), and  their tendency to alter lyrics to get on to MTV.  I can't help but get the  impression that this is tough cartoon metal for 13-year-olds who think  Pantera are 'old skool'.  Although I have no doubts about the less sociable  intentions of the band, and that it was never their original quest to  become a cult for kids, many of the fans are small boys trying to be big  boys, turning up to their shows with badly improvised evil masks, hence  making a parody of everything that the band claim.  But they put on a good  show, so I forgive them on that count.<br />However, if the band find their  own inspiration other than everyone elses, they have the capacity to create  a genuinely excellent (maybe even classic?) album.  The potential exists.   In the meantime, I'm off to listen to Godflesh.
B00003CWL6|5.0|WOW! what an excellent film. Not only was the message that was portayed a wonderful thing to think about, but the acting and directing, writing and editing, etc. etc. was very, very impressive! Kevin Spacey was the person  who brought everything together in this film, as he is the unsuspected  victim of his daughter's boyfriend's father. The editing was superb, and no  movie I've ever seen has been as creative and great as this. I think  American Beauty (very suitable title) should win almost every one of its  Academy Award Nominations. It deserves it. GREAT! I'm buying the DVD when  it comes out!
B000002TPS|4.0|Certainly Megadeth's best album. I really like 90% of it. &quot;Addicted To Chaos&quot; is the best cut off this album. The album has an overall relaxed and somewhat dark mood, considering it's a hard rock album. Good  drumming. Better than Cryptic Writings, just by a little.
B0000027F8|3.0|this is a very talented Artist.Geroge Michael is a Good writer,Producer,Instrumentalist&amp;vocalist.this album has moments such as Praying for time,Cowboys&amp;Angels,and his great cover of Stevie Wonder's  they WOn't Go WHen I Go.those songs stand out.but with no Grooves hurt this  disc.he needed a Dance song on here.but this is a Pretty good disc by a  very Underrated Artist.
B000003N7G|4.0|I'm not a big jazz fan, but Coltrane &quot;kept a rollin&quot; all through this disc. Elvin Jones is arguably the finest drummer in jazz and he drums his brains out here. Great playing and a very good re-mastered disc. Only  issue I have is with the stating (6 or so times) of &quot;a love  supreme.&quot; in one of the tracks. Kind of distracting.
B000002513|5.0|Before the glockenspiel and torn jeans, before the big arena sound and songs about cars, there was this little album that showed Bruce's potential. While subsequent albums (Born To Run, Darkness, The River) where  great in their own right, this album is undoubtedly his pinnacle. You will  not be sorry if you buy it. Side 2 (last 3 songs on the CD) are an absoulte  masterpiece.
B00003W8NM|4.0|Fight Club is one of the few films in recent memory that attempts to honestly analyze and deconstruct our infatuation with media generated ideals. Whether it's the Ikea furniture Norton's character surrounds  himself with or his desperate attempts to assimilate the Brad Pitt persona,  Fincher spends much of the movie showing just how little we really think of  ourselves.The much talked about violence acts as a catharsis, an escape  from the pervasive ennui that envelopes their lives. Ironically, by  subjecting the viewer to the many fight sequences throughout the film, we  realize that the violence really does have a purpose. The point is that the  characters have become so obsessed with trying to live up to preconceived  ideals perpetrated by the media and coupled with the  &quot;effeminization&quot; of the male sex (the film's concept, not  mine)their only means of escape is the primal ritual of bashing one's face  in. Some of these ideas have been addressed before, yet never have I seen  them treated in such a beautifally brutal and kinetic way. Highly  recommended.
6300214435|3.0|This is without a doubt the worst jones movie in the series.  Don't get me wrong, it's not a terrible movie, but i recommend seing raiders and last crusade first.  The plot line is ok, nothing special...while trying to find  magic stones indy discovers a thugee cult.  some very good action scenes,  but also some very lousy scenes.  If willie screamed in that movie one more  time, i would have destroyed my tv set.  If you are a jones fan, then you  will probably like it, but not to much.
B000002MP2|5.0|...how much of a classic this album is. Yes, you heard me: CLASSIC. This is one of my favorite CD's of the last decade (1990's). Probably because this CD, Dookie, is the CD that got me into alternative music.<br />Back in  elementary school, every kid in the third grade (my class) had a copy of  this CD. I wanted to see what all the hype was about. So I got it used.  Boy, that was ten dollars VERY well spent.<br />I couldn't (and still can't)  get enough of the rockin songs, from Burnout to FOD. They're all good. The  secret track is cool, too. (that begins around 4 minutes in, just so you  know) It SO reminds me of the summer of 1995. I remember listening to songs  like She, Sassafras Roots, WICA, Basket Case, oh, ALL OF THEM. <br />I LOVE  this CD. Words can't describe how it makes me feel. So go get this CD if  you're anything like me. You'll see why it's a classic.
B00004LN16|1.0|First off, I LOVE Back In Black, Highway To Hell, Dirty Deeds and all the old albums.. Middle 80s I started tiring of the same old ACDC sound. After hearing a few tunes on Razor's Edge I bought it and LOVED it also.  MoneyTalks, Are You Ready, Thunderstruck, etc...    Then Ballbreaker came  out and it was Horrible. Now this...For the life of me I cant figure out  why all the reviewers are raving about this album. I will not slam anyone's  opinion, but this certainly isnt Classic. It seems to me that the reviewers  on here on the DIE HARD ACDC fans, which is GREAT! But if you want a true  review of an album then you need to get a review by someone that might not  be as biased.  To me it seems like the band said 'How many times can we  keep saying the title of the song with the same basic chords in the  background?'  Just listen to the CD and you will hear what I am saying..  Safe In New York City is a great example of this.. &quot;Safe in New York  CIty, Safe In new York City, etc... blahblahblah&quot;<br />Anyway, if anyone  is looking to buy this CD, do yourself a favor and follow me to the Used CD  store where you can purchase the one I am getting rid of. Sorry to say this  but it is true.
0684867621|5.0|Stephen King's novel &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; was an excellent piece of literature! It was the type of book that makes you think of your life. I agree that it gives you a a spiritual feeling of  understanding the girl's situation. It makes you think of how you would  feel if you were in the woods all alone with nothing but a  walkman as a  companion. This book is just one example of how talented King is as a  writer. It had some chilling characters as well. The priest was scary and  really creepy! This book would be a lot  scarier to a person who has  actually been in the woods at night, on their own or in a group. Like many  have said, it's a real page turner!
1569382603|5.0|The series has given me deeper insight into the journey of human spirit as well as a different approach to understanding our origins. I would like to think this further and ask more questions about what the message encoded in  the stone structures around the world might mean for our future on this  planet. The three videos have actually made me want to learn more about  astonomy and watch the skies for the stars that have been part of an  ancient knowledge long forgotten. Have we been warned of a future celestial  event or have we been informed of a past one? Is there a missing link that  will be discovered in the future? Or is this all we have and must look at  the evidence with a more open mind? These are fascinating videos and  Hancock is very good at explaining complicated matters and theories in very  simple terms....
034538072X|5.0|Alison Weir writes well, tells a the story superbly and weaves what is an intricate tale beautifully.  Having read Antonia Fraser's books on Tudor England and Scotland, I thought I had read everything.  This book proved me  wrong and offered me insight into these compeling characters as never  before.  I recommend this book to everyone - students, adults etc.
0425152251|4.0|I was assigned to read Sophie's World for school. I approached reading it with an open mind. Though much of the book was lecture I found the majority of the material to be very interesting. I must say though, that what I  didn't find to be interesting literally out me to sleep. What storyline was  in the book was well worth reading, and provided me with something to be  excited about amongst what could be boring lecture. I originally wanted to  have this review say only one thing, but i thought better of that, however  I would  still like to use it as my final statement. &quot;If you don't  like Sophie's World, you didn't read it.&quot;
B00002EPJH|5.0|Finally there's a solo piano album in my collection that can match John McArthur's `HIDDEN', Brad Mehldau's &quot;Elegiac Cycle&quot;, Bill Evans' &quot;Alone&quot; and Keith Jarrett's legendary &quot;Koln Concert&quot;.  It's Keith Jarrett's `The Melody At Night With You'. Haven't heard such a  great piano solo album in years. &quot;The Melody At Night With You&quot;  was a revelation to me. Jarrett finally prooves that he CAN be the kind of  piano player we new he could be. He tones down his signature moans and  grunts, his beating of the piano and he plays, honestly and sincere. As a  gift to his wife, Jarrett's playing takes your breath away. His playing is  daring and adventurous, and because he has a perfect sense of structure as  well, he never gets lost and keeps everything in perfect balance. And on  top of this, his playing is deeply moving. I hear a lot of McArthur and  Evans in Jarrett's playing on this album, but, much more important, I hear  foremost a pianist with a distinct style of his own, that is warm and not  pretentious. He is distinct. You will not regret buying this album.
0140288503|5.0|I thought this book portrayed a side of the incident we never saw. I am thankful that I read this book - A chilling portrait of a mission gone horribly wrong. I will recommend this to everybody, even those who do not  like books of a military nature. It shows what American solides did to  fight injustice and oppression.
B0000214FS|1.0|Gee, I could have spent the seven bucks on something a little more entertaining, like a root canal.
630025075X|4.0|Though I'm more partial to Pink Floyd's music, Gilmour's guitar work at anytime puts me in awe.  The video is Gilmour performing mostly his songs with songs like Run Like Hell and Comfortably Numb from the Floyd thrown in  there.  You can actually see (or should that be hear?) some ideas that  Gilmour has for implementing into the Comfortably Numb guitar solo circa  Pulse.  And there is a couple guest musicians that you should find  interesting to see, especially on Comfortably Numb. (Maybe sort of a  half-conspiracy against Roger with this guest?)  <br />The tape then has two  very 80's videos (for actually very 80's songs) from Gilmour's album, About  Face.  Apparently even Floyd members were not immune to the lure of the  overuse of handclap drums that happened in the 80's.  Basically these  videos are good for a quick laugh (No offense to Mr. Gilmour, everyone in  the 80's went 80's) and that is about it.<br />The video ends with this little  interview segment of Gilmour which is more of something you will only watch  once due to he really doesn't talk about anything we would want to hear  about from him at this time (your feelings towards Roger?) He basically  just talks about his new solo project.<br />I give it 4 stars because of the  second half of the video.  The concert I watch every so often but the  videos and interview portion I have not touched since the first run through  of the tape.  Basically, needs more concert, less filler.<br />All in all a  good buy for your average Floyd fan with some money to spend and a must buy  for your Floyd fanatic, even if he/she has no money to spend.
B000002GFU|5.0|This is one of the few albums I've ever owned that does not have at least one weak track- this is truly a collection of gems.<br />It's Stevens at his best, predating the self-consciousness that perhaps shaped some later  offerings. Gentle but never sappy, easy to listen to but never the dreaded  &quot;Easy Listening.&quot; The intelligently constructed songs and  eloquent, spiritually-tinged lyrics are the perfect vehicle for Stevens'  soft-spoken delivery.<br />&quot;Into White&quot; has always been a favorite,  but there is not a song on here that is not remarkable. If you only own one  Cat Stevens album, take this over a &quot;greatest hits&quot; collection  anyday.
B000002C1Z|5.0|I love this album.  DOGS rules.  Buy it.  This is not the best but it is still great.  SHEEP is awesome too.
0783107986|5.0|The World At War is the most complete documentary of World War Two.  Anyone who wants to know about this event in world history MUST watch this program.  I can't wait for it to come out on DVD!
0671027344|4.0|Few books out there nowadays leave me feeling satisfied, especially those aimed for the young adult/teen audience.  Even fewer books I can genuinely relate to at some level or another.  Yet Stephen Cbosky, a new author  entering the world of literature with full force, has captured to true  essense of teenage life.  The narrator/main character is an anonymous  writer who goes by the pen name 'Charlie.'  We are introduced to him and  follow his freshman year in high-school as we read his highly personal, no  hold barred letters to an also anonymous reciever.  Not your typical format  for a young adult audience, 'Perks' continues to trailblaze in the fact it  is so realistic and true to life.  Few other books have captured this  realism, with the exception of novels like &quot;Go Ask  Alice&quot;, and  even then that was a true account.  Subject matter spans from family life,  friends, dating, drugs, pregnancy and homosexuals, just to scratch the  surface.  We are lead through Charlie's experiences, from trying to cope  with death to finding one's place in the high-school environment.  Never do  we get the impression a 20 something male has written these letters; it  seems more like we are listening to a soliloquy of a close friend. This  book is an easy and enticing read, although it can be rather graphic in  parts.  However it should be read by everyone of high-school age or older,  not because it is wildly popular but because of what the reader will get  from it.the reader gets from reading it.
B000002JAX|5.0|Just discovered this CD... Completely blown away. I strongly recommend for the quality of her voice - elegant and soothing. A must for any jazz (Squirrel Nut Zippers style) longing for a bygone time.
6305426651|5.0|this is one of the best movies i have ever seen. this is a powerfull story of the ultimate gift a father can give his son, a must see! watch with subtitles the language(itallian) is beautifull to hear.
630522577X|5.0|This movie, especially on DVD is my favorite. I love all the Broadway musicals so I am now interested in purchasing more of them.
0671042858|3.0|I can't say that this was bad, but it wasn't especially good either.  I think that's because I'm really expecting something scary, something like Carrie or some of his other books.  This reminded me of Cujo, I think that  it's just too real...too possible.  I really liked the idea about walking  with Tom Gordon and being followed by the God of the Lost though.
0684872153|1.0|I don't know about others, but I can do without this repetitive self-pitying tripe.
0152465030|5.0|one of the top 10 or so books you must read in your lifetime. but don't expect to find a dry eye in the house when you're done. as sad as it is beautiful.
0684872153|1.0|I don't know about others, but I can do without this repetitive self-pitying tripe.
B00000J7J4|1.0|First things first.  I would never buy this album.  I haven't even given it the credit of actually listening to the whole thing...Let me tell you why.  Carlos Santana represents a generation of greedy, corporately  influenced, hypocrites.  He hides behind a banner of authenticity that has  stretched undeservingly over three decades.  Yes, his band's performance at  Woodstock was AMAZING, and subsequent albums for a good deal of time were  memorable and inspiring.  He was, in many circles, thought of as a sort of  pioneer musically and socially.  What happened?    I'll tell you.  Baby  boomers have misled and misinformed my generation in so many ways, to the  extent that we are now active participants in their continual campaign to  take our money and our ethics. Carlos is, in my mind, a solid  representation of all that is wrong with our corporately influenced  society.  Here is an aging rock star (i'm not doing him the justice of  calling him a musician, a rock star is usually something different.), who  has looked at all that he once stood for and cashed it in for a quick  dollar (or million).  Using an array of current pop heros, Carlos is  manipulating the public on so many levels.  He is winning over a  consumer-driven youth market AND crafting songs that lull disenchanted  boomers back into what they still think is hip.  His name recognition will  keep older fans, while the likes of Lauren Hill, Dave Matthews and  Rob  Thomas (of Matchbox 20 fame, possibly one of the worst pop bands EVER) will  suck the youth market into the nearest chain store.  It is honestly such a  sad state of affairs in music, and we cannot and should not support another  rock star whose motivations are directed through enterprise and money.   Please do not buy this record.
0385334176|4.0|Deadeye Dick had a mix of everything, murder romance and major accident resulting in the death of hundreds of thousands of people in a typical American town. Rudy Waltz is telling the story of his life. Vonnegut is a  master of suspense, not the usual cliched way, but he gives you inforamtion  bit by bit that makes you want to keep  reading. ofcourse any person can  read this book but it takes a true reader and analyzer to UNDERSTAND this  book. while i was reading this wonderful book, it got to me that today  &quot;...we're still in the dark ages; the darkages, they havent ended yet.  (p240)&quot;      the book is full of twists, one of the little ones is  that rudy waltz's father, otto waltz, saved hitler from death and  starvation in Vienna before world war 1. &quot;Think of that:my father  could have strangeled the worst monster of the century, or simply let him  starve or freaze to death. But  he became his bosom buddy instead.&quot;      A double murder, a neutron bomb explosion, a mysterious decapitation, just  a few of the many ironical twists of this wonderful cynical look at  society.
B00003XB8K|5.0|THIS IS FAR THE BEST ENIGMA ALBUM!  EVERY SONG on here is FANTASTIC EXCELLENT
0800184327|5.0|this is the movie for you!  It starts slow, but once the story gets going the energy and flava are remarkable. The appearance of some of the world's best ballroom dancers (during the competition scene) was also a nice touch.  A movie for young and old alike . . . it literally snuck up on me and what  a pleasant surpise it was! If you purchase this movie I don't think you'll  be disappointed.
014028009X|5.0|This is the long and breathlessly awaited sequel to &quot;Gidget Goes to Hollywood&quot;. Gidget has aged approximately twenty years in approximately forty, but has not matured emotionally or intellectually. She  has, however, adopted certain literary pretensions: in addition to  exchanging the initial consonant of her Christian name, she has exchanged  her boyfriend Jeff for Jane Austen's character Darcy from &quot;Pride and  Prejudice&quot;--or is that only in this sequel's sequel? Any way, five  stars for correctly spelling the possessive form of Jones.<br />I also  recommend &quot;Gracie Allen Twist&quot; by Charlene Dickens and &quot;Lucy  Ricardo V&quot; by Wilma Shakespeare.
B00002RAOR|4.0|Mario Bava's A Bay of Blood (aka: Twitch of the Death Nerve and Last House on The Left 2) is a very gory splatter movie in which various people are murdered by various killers all after possession of a small bay.  A number  of people see this as the inspiration for Halloween or Friday the 13th  because the abrupt, ultra- bloody killings, wide-angle lenses and  point-of-view killer tracking shots are all very similar.  Personally I  think this is unlikely since the film was pretty obscure and heavily cut in  a lot of places (banned outright in the UK) until the advent of video.   However, the similarities must be acknowledged.<br />Where Bay of Blood is  completely different to American splatter movies is in its tone and point  of view.  Almost all of the characters are nasty and motivated entirely by  greed to kill people with little hesitation - there are at least 5  murderers in action.  It's a case of &quot;I want, I kill to get with the  machete&quot;.  American stalk n slash movies tend to identify with the  victims.  Here you identify with no-one.  This is deliberate and similar to  Bava's earlier Blood and Black Lace although carried out in a more extreme  fashion.  In a way it's almost a Brechtian movie with a distracted  alienated view -everything reduced to its fundamentals (the original  Italian title translates as &quot;ecology of death&quot;).  For their time,  the killings are very explicit and include a couple skewered with a spear  whilst having sex on a bed, a machete in the face, a decapitation, a  impalment against a wall (compare this to the ending of Argento's Tenebrae)  and garottings and knifings.  <br />On the minus side the dubbing and dialogue  leave something to be desired and some explanatory flashbacks towards the  end serve no purpose other than to delay the climax (though they may have  been inserted to pad out the short running time).<br />The rental video I saw  was of pretty poor picture quality and some comments have also been madeabout the DVD so this may apply to all copies.
0783226160|4.0|A very entertaining movie, truly a college classic!  While the lifestyles of the college fraternity have changed drastically since the &quot;Toga, Toga, Toga&quot; days of the 60's, it still serves as a cult favorite among  many of America's youth.  Watch and enjoy, but don't buy into all of it.   Like any other comedy, it's purely fictional.
0553296981|1.0|hey i am 13 years old like her and had to read it for my school and i thought it was the most boring book i have ever read. I mean i totally respect the holocaust and i am not pregiduce i just hated that book and it  totally wasted my time. THANK YOU
B000002NC4|5.0|This album is possibly one of the greatest albums I have ever heard. I can't even start to describe its genious.  It's soothing, unpredictable, beautifull, and simply, a masterpiece.  There is not one song that you can  rightfully skip. This album was meant to be played as a whole.  The first  time I listened to it, I liked it. However, the more I listened to it, I  picked up movements and riffs that I missed before. This album stayed  &quot;new&quot; to me for a very long time.
052594527X|1.0|I know there's tons of hype about this book, but I thought it was unbelievably slow. It's certainly predictable (you can see one of the character's deaths a hundred miles away). Despite its short length, I could  not bring myself to finish each page. If you are interested in this type of  genre, try TULIP FEVER instead. I suspect GIRL may be one of those  overrated books that people are afraid to admit they don't like.
B00003CWPR|5.0|When i saw it for the first time at the theater, I found the movie great. It's the kind of movie which makes you reflect about many things and after seen it, you talk a lot about it with your friends. But why on earth a full  screen DVD? Have the editor drunk or smoke? I hope, wish, prey, or  whatever, that a widescreen version will be released soon.
B000009EAD|5.0|I would go as far as to say it is Iced Earth's best album.  There is a lot of range in the songs from speed to power to ballads.  &quot;Watching Over Me&quot; and Melancholy are the best songs, however the whole CD is good.   If you are new to bands like Iced Earth, Blind Guardian, Demons and  Wizards, and Helloween, then this is a good choice to begin a power metal  collection.
6305750750|5.0|My hat is off to George Lucas for this &quot;earliest&quot;installment of the Star Wars saga. For those of us who saw &quot;theoriginals&quot; in the theater, and have enjoyed them ever since, this movie was in no way a let-down . . . with the one exception of Jar Jar. We could have done without him. <br />As someone mentioned earlier, George Lucas has every right to leave loose ends in this movie. Why on earth would he want to give everything away in the first new movie?  There would be nothing left for eps II or III. <br />Regardless of what format is available to us currently, this movie brought back many childhood memories, and allowed the little child in me to live once again outside of the real world and invited me in to a realm of alternate worlds that could only be experienced by the die-hard Star Wars fan. Thank you, George, for your wonderful movies. We look forward with anticipation to the next two.
0060922583|5.0|It's funny how people throw away new ideas just because they couldn't be prooved yet. Speculation, of course, how can he proove something like that in our times, doesn't mean he can't talk about his ideas, that can be  right. Why not? Every scientific discovery start with hypothesis, they have  to start from somewhere. If we were in ancient times speaking of the  possibility of the man going to the moon, these same people would be  badmouthing this idea, based on their limited minds and beliefs... What he  presents in this books may not be the truth, but how can we know without  instruments and with a primitive science? There's this possibility that it  is. Chemistry is a science now, but it started as the &quot;mystic&quot;  alchemy. And just because New Age groups speak of these type of phenomenons  and most of these groups believe in anything, it doesn't mean these  subjects can't be true, they come &quot;oh new age people believe in this,  then this is not true&quot;. Speaking of uncritic statements...
6305750750|2.0|Make that May the Force be with you if you have a bunch of them microscopic Yodas hopping about in your blood.  METACHLORIANS! UGGH! And don't get me started on the fart jokes . . . Still, I'd buy this in a second for the pod race and Darth Maul and the future cityscapes.
0679731377|4.0|I studied this book for the purposes of school coursework last year. This was in the midst of shuttling by train across the length and breadth of England and Scotland looking at Universities hoping to apply to some of  them...<br />Suffice to say, there was never a dull moment on any of those  journeys with this book close by. I am never completely fond of Julian  Barnes, but his exploration of human truths through little glimpses of our  history is rivetting. There is stealthy and wry wit here, as in Chapter One  (where we learn what really happened on Noah's Ark...) or Chapter Three (in  which woodworm are put on trial for devouring a bishop's throne...) along  with the inevitable visits to our own crazy twentieth century. Yet there is  also undeniable weight here, deftly underlined in the  &quot;parenthesis&quot; or half-chapter about Love, and the ending is quite  mystical and unexpected.<br />One of Barnes' best achievements. Strongly  recommended!
0792843584|3.0|I ordered the DVD of Cimino's masterpiece as soon as I knew it was to be released, but alas I should have waited. I know that Heaven's Gate is meant to have a sepia-toned feel ( I was responsible for getting the BBC's print  of the film acceptably transferred to tape some years back ) but the  grading here is bizarre to say the least. At times it looks truly  magnificent and at others ( such as Chapter 22, directly after the famous  and titular skating scene ) it looks like washed monochrome covered in  dirt. There's no detail, no subtlety and the change from the interior to  exterior is SO shockingly terrible that it just makes me think that I  wasted my money. It's a real shame, because - as the DVD liner notes state  - Heaven's Gate is a 'Visual masterpiece'. Well it should be, but not on  the strength of this mastering. Shame on you MGM.
B00000IHHM|5.0|I am studying &quot;Notre Dame de Paris&quot; in my French class. As far as musicals go, this one is tops!  I prefere &quot;Notre Dame&quot; above &quot;Les Mis&quot;!  The voices are believeable, the drama is so real, and  all in all, it's an amazing recording!  Kudos to the cast!
6305537798|4.0|10 THINGS I HATE ABOUT YOU is a modern update on William Shakespeare's classic comedy THE TAMING OF THE SHREW.  Meaning it's not Kenneth Branagh.  Meaning you don't need an English-Elizabethan dictionary to understand half  the words.  Meaning no fops parading around in tight tights.  Meaning no  royal kerfuffles.  Meaning no ghosts, witches, fairies, or one-legged  Turkish disco dancers.  Meaning no obscure references that only English  teachers get.  Meaning no actors walking around talking to themselves like  they just got released from Shady Acres Happy Home.  Meaning, finally, a  movie geared towards a young audience.  And unlike some modern-day  adaptations of classic plays or movies, this one will actually hold your  attention for more than seventeen seconds.<br />What makes 10 THINGS I HATE  ABOUT YOU really work is two things.  First of all, it doesn't pander down  to its audience, instead treating it as an equal.  Second, and most  importantly, writers Karen McCullah Lutz and Kristen Smith flesh out the  characters and make them seem real.  This couldn't be accomplished without  good actors, and 10 THINGS has plenty of those.  Instead of going with the  huge teen stars of the moment (Jennifer Love Hewitt, Sarah Michelle Gellar,  Freddie Prinze Jr, or any other heartthrob with three or more names), the  casting directors chose lesser-known actors who could get by on talent, and  not necessarily name value alone.  They chose wisely.<br />Stiles makes Kat  into a multifaceted, complex heroine who is both charming and viciously  fierce.  Ledger brings a new dimension to the oft-used &quot;rebel who's  really a misunderstood poetic soul&quot; cliche.  The chemistry between  these two is probably the most compelling part of the movie.  When Patrick  serenades Kat with the song &quot;Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You&quot;  accompanied by the school marching band, it's such a joyous and spontaneous  moment that I guarantee your heart will melt and you'll break into ahuge  smile in spite of yourself.  10 cheers for 10 THINGS I HATE ABOUT YOU!
B00003CWPR|4.0|An art film starring Hollywood's most famous married couple,EWS was bound to confuse and annoy a lot of people.  I found it a lotbetter than many reviews have painted it.  It is ponderous at times, and longer than it perhaps should be, but the cinematography is striking and there are moments in which Kubrick seems to have perfectly captured the disturbing essence of dreams.  <br />The DVD edition understandably lacks a director's commentary, but contains interviews with Cruise, Kidman and Steven Spielberg.  END
B000002UAI|5.0|TAKE SOME KNOCKOUT LENNON/MCCARTNEY ORIGINIALS (I'LL FOLLOW THE SUN,I'M A LOSER,I DON'T WANT TO SPOIL THE PARTY,AND EIGHT DAYS A WEEK-ONE OF THE BEATLES ALL TIME BEST- AND ADD SOME ROCK AND ROLL CLASSICS LIKE KANSAS  CITY,ROCK AND ROLL MUSIC AND WORDS OF LOVE)AND YOU HAVE A FANTASTIC  ALBUM!(PS- THERES NOTHING WRONG WITH DOING NON-ORIGINIAL COMPOSITIONS IF  YOU CAN DO THEM RIGHT,AND THESE GUYS REALLY KNEW HOW TO DO THEM RIGHT!   THIS IS A UNDERRATED GEM!
B00000J7JO|5.0|I bought Californication this past summer, when it was first released. And let me just say that I am one of the biggest RHCP fans around. I find Anthony's voice so catching and beautiful...what I find even better is  knowing he is so intelligent in real life. As are Flea, John and Chad. They  are all lovable, fun guys that make soul shaking music. I suggest listening  to Californication, pay particular attention to the words. If any one of  you has a chance to see them live in concert, let me just tell you they put  on an AWESOME live show. That they can perform so well live just shows you  how well they fit together. They are, like Yohanna said, &quot;one big  mechanism&quot; they work together, they know each other to the core. And  you can hear it in their music if you just listen closely enough.
B000002AHM|5.0|Music is not always about touching the soul. Sometimes it is just about pure fun. Sometimes we listen to music just to be in sheer awe of its performers. Such is the case with this recording. I cannot recall the last  time I was as amazed by any particular guitarist as I have been by THREE  here on this mind-blowing recording. It seems the disc had been criticized  for its &quot;lack of heart,&quot; but I would not dare say it has a lack  of soul. The energy and adrenaline behind their playing is simply  breath-taking. It has been a while since I have heard such fire in  music-making. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
B000002U8A|2.0|Seven and the Ragged Tiger sounds as though it was rushed out as quickly as possible to capitalise on Rio's well-deserved success. There is little more to this album than trashy pop songs with nonsensical lyrics - I Take  the Dice and Cracks in the Pavement must be two of the most irritating and  meaningless songs ever. The only spark of Duran Duran's considerable talent  on 7&amp;TRT is The Seventh Stranger, a haunting, poetic masterpiece which  earns the album two stars.
0679746048|5.0|This book can capture the deepest secrets, for a depressed person, for a person who claims to be normal.  The story of a stranger sending a young girl to mental institution after only a half hour confrence, reaches out to  every heart.  I love this book with all my heart, I couldn't put it down.   The story's give you examples of the weird life, yet show you how sane the  situtions are.  This is a must read for everyone, forget the movie, this  book is the real thing.  I recommend it to all of you and I will not rest  until everyone reads it.  Susanna, you are truely a great writer and a  great woman.  I love this book.
0783227272|2.0|I almost fell asleep watching that movie, I was a huge bore. I was sorry to feel that way because I really admire Morgan Freeman and Anthony Hopkins. This movie wasn't convicing, too long, Many movies about  afroamericans struggle were made and most of them were better. Even  spielberg had done a great job with THE COLOUR PURPLE.
0679746048|5.0|This book can capture the deepest secrets, for a depressed person, for a person who claims to be normal.  The story of a stranger sending a young girl to mental institution after only a half hour confrence, reaches out to  every heart.  I love this book with all my heart, I couldn't put it down.   The story's give you examples of the weird life, yet show you how sane the  situtions are.  This is a must read for everyone, forget the movie, this  book is the real thing.  I recommend it to all of you and I will not rest  until everyone reads it.  Susanna, you are truely a great writer and a  great woman.  I love this book.
0792151712|2.0|I AM NOT GOING TO WRITE A THREE HUNDRED BOOK NOVEL ABOUT IT: GREAT SPECIAL EFFECTS, VERY POOR ACTING AND PLOT.
0684872153|5.0|As a writer myself, I read voraciously. But this book, I have trouble finding words to praise it. I cried, and I laughed and I cheered! As an Irish Catholic myself, I can truly understand the religious life he  endured, however, the truth behind the poverty made me only want to open my  cupboards and praise God that I have been blessed. Read this book if you  haven't already! I beg you, read this book! Frank McCourt is a gifted man  and I shall read everything he writes from this day on!
6305508550|5.0|Office Space could very well be the funniest movie ever made. Yes, that's a bold statement, but watch this movie, and you'll most likely agree! Is this movie only for those who have worked in an office environment? No, but  those who have will get the most out of it. <br />It's really hard to find  many faults with this movie. The characters are developed well, Mike Judge  (Beavis and Butthead, King of the Hill) did a great job in directing his  first live action film, and the story is amusing and easy to relate to.  <br />By the time you see this movie 5 or 6 times (beleive me, you will)  you'll be reciting all of the funniest lines Monday morning at work. (There  are more than enough to last for weeks) And that brings me to my next  point. If you really dislike your job, watch this movie after an  exceptionally bad day. You'll feel so much better afterwards! Just don't  try any of the things that go on in this movie at work. You'll be fired for  sure!
0684874350|5.0|Angela's Ashes is not like most books.  When you finish reading it and put it down you don't just say, &quot;Hey that was a good book!&quot; Or, &quot;Hey that was a horrible book.&quot;  When you finish reading Angela's  Ashes you put down the book and sit there for a minute.  Then you pick it  up again and look at the cover.  There is a picture of a little shoeless  boy, dirty and smiling at you.  Then you glance up at the title Angela's  Ashes and your eyes get a little teary.  Because it is then that you  realize what a large part of the book was about...Angela.  Angela's pain,  Angela's struggle, Angela's sorrow, and Angela's losses.  You think of her  dead children, her dying children.  She sits there daily and watches her  children starving, cold, and dressed in rags and knows that there is very  little that she can do about it.  It is horrible enough for the children  themselves to suffer this way. But to be the one who is responsible for it,  for marrying a drunk who drinks all the money that is for their children,  and for being weak, and smoking cigarettes, and having no idea what to do!  To also be starving, cold, and dressed in rags yourself is a horrible life  to have to live.  Yet Angela's sense of duty and obligation to her children  keeps her from giving up on herself and her children.  When they were  starving, she was desperate to feed them.  When they had no shoes she would  swallow what little pride she had and beg for them.  Yet she wasn't a  martyr she wasn't noble and selfless all the time.  She smoked her  woodbines, and laid in bed for days without doing a thing.  Then she would  feel guilt in the few &quot;luxeries&quot; that she took.      Not only  does this book make you completely thankful for everything and evryone in  your life, it lets you see what love can sometimes be.  In Angela's world,  love is pain.  It is the pain of knowing that everyone you love and who you  want to be happy is suffering.  She wants to help them and to bring in  money to feed them, but the fact that if something happened to her at work  no one would be left to care for them, beg for them, cook for them (when  they had something to cook), shelter them, and love them.  Though Angela  could barely provide these things for them herself, she didnb't trust  anyone else to do it for her either.  In order to preserve her children,  Angela must preserve herself.  When she can't get a job, it hurts, when she  can't control her husband it hurts, and when she eats it hurts because she  knows her children are hungry and they need the food, but she can't give it  all to them.  SHe must keep herself alive in order to keep her children  alive.  Angela does not live for herself or her own happiness.  She lives  out of obligation to her children, so that they can escape the pain and  suffering which has become her life.  Frank says, &quot;My mother's  troubles started the day she was born.&quot;  With a life like hers, full  or guilt and pain and suffering,death is her only escape.
B00003CWPR|2.0|Pros: cinematography, sets, score- all done beautifully.<br />Cons: acting (Kidman's terrible in this), script wanders all over the place, lots of pointless scenes. (and since when did a doctor's card become like an FBI  badge?)<br />I felt so ripped off at the end of this movie. All of the Kubrick  worshipers, deal with it: this is not a good movie overall, no matter who  made it. Things happen throughout most of the movie that either have  nothing to do with the plot, or are forgotten about later on. There are  some good things, though. I love the way Kubrick draws out camera shots,  some seem to last at least 2 minutes- I feel that makes it easier to watch,  and makes the actors concentrate more. As I said earlier, sets and score  are wonderful, and the piano hauntingly makes the masked party seem very  creepy (although inserting all those cgi people in front of the orgy was  ridiculous.) But sets and score doesn not make a movie, so I cannot give it  a higher score. I just felt like this could have been so much more, the  potential was definitely there.
B00003CXCS|4.0|In some circles SoM is known as the corniest movie ever made.  In Hollywood, it's held in at least a grudging esteem.  After all, is was a blockbuster unlike anything else up to that time.  But SoM also represents  a very high level of film craft - in my opinion it earned every ticket it  sold.  <br />The screenplay by Ernest Lehman is first rate.  You really should  subject yourself to the stage play some time to see how much he improved on  the source material.  For example, on Broadway \\"The Lonely Goatherd\\" is  sung by Maria to calm the children through the thunderstorm.   It's a throw  away song.  In the movie, it's that spectacular puppet show.  What an  original idea!  Plus it underlines how close Maria and the children have  become (especially to the Baroness!)<br />Then there is a sequence that makes  up maybe 20% of the film that begins with \\"My Favorite Things\\" and ends  with the spectacular \\"Do-Re-Mi\\" that has practically no dialog.  Yet it  vividly chronicles the transition in the relationship between Maria and the  children as she goes from enemy number one, to beloved surrogate mother.   While both songs were in the Broadway show, neither one moved the story  forward in this way.<br />And what style!  Do-Re-Mi builds on the cutting from  one location to another pioneered in Gene Kelly and Stanley Donen's \\"On the  Town\\"  (specifically the New York, New York number).  But it does it so  much better.  The scenes are carefully choreographed so they edit together  smoothly; you are not jarred at all by the quick transitions.  This is a  musical that takes advantage of everything film can do well, such as  collapse time and space so a single song (Do-Re-Mi) shows us weeks in the  lives of these characters.   <br />Julie Andrews takes a potentially sappy  role, and gives her some bite.  Christopher Plummer underplays superbly.   Interestingly, his performance looks better every time I see it.  <br />The  second half drags a bit.  \\"Something Good\\" has never really appealed to me.   It's always seemed like the ideal time to sneak out and get some more  popcorn.  But, I guess the love scene had to be in there in some form.  I  do like the fact that they end the song in silhouette, and the background  reminds us of \\"Sixteen Going on Seventeen\\"  - the other love song - which  occurred in the same location. <br />Some people think Hollywood butchers Broadway musicals.  To those  people I recommend two films - Sound of Music and Cabaret.  Some stories can be improved on film.
B000002GK1|5.0|Along with Superunknown, this is one of the greatest rock albums ever. Soundgarden were superb and easily deserve more recognition.
0792844882|5.0|&quot;Showgirls&quot; is one film that is truly on a par with no other.  The only other musical that even comes close is perhaps Funny Lady, or Xanadu (if you have rollerskated competitively). Nomi Malone(played by the exuberant Liz Berkley)is a down-on-her-luck trollip who sets her sights on  Vegas in order to made good.  But nothing, and I mean NOTHING can prepare  you for what's in store for this young turk!  Talk about two steps forward,  one step back (no pun intended)! My favorite part is definitely when Nomi  takes a job as a scantilly clad rodeo clown in an outdoor Vegas circus in  order to make ends meet.  I think we can all relate to jobs like these in  our hectic lives, but I digress.<br />Gina Gershon also provides spunk and wit  as Nomi's seasoned yet agile mentor.  (can you say love/hate relationship?)  And my hat goes off to Kyle McLachlan, for his superb performance as a  classy (and realistic) Las Vegas entertainment director.  His steamy love  scene with Mizz Berkley was the inspiration for me to install an  out-of-ground swimming pool in my very own back yard, (complimented by a  few hand-made Flamingo's I fashioned myself out of pipecleaners and tissue  paper). IF YOU ONLY BUY ONE VIDEO THIS YEAR, LET IT BE THIS ONE!   I LOVE YOU AMAZON.COM, SUPERSTORE OF  THE NEW MILLENIUM!
0380796090|5.0|I loved this book - it's funny and warm and compltely absorbing.  A lot of these single women type books can be quite irritating, but Marian Keyes' are fabulous.  Claire is funny and also brave, so I found it quite  inspiring in many ways.  I read it in almost one go, which is quite  something as it's a long book.  But I read late into the night, and finally  finished it at 2 a.m. with a big soppy smile on my face.  The only other  book which has had that effect on me is The Trials of Tiffany Trott, which  I also absolutely loved, and which is similar to Marian Keyes in some ways.   Another book soon please Marian!
B000046PVN|5.0|As a kid, I used to get goose bumps when I listened to the Superman theme.  Almost 20 years later, this still holds true!  This is without a doubt an epic score, and best of all it is complete!   I loved Star Wars, Empire,  and Jedi; and Superman ranks right up there with these three.  Now,  please....do a Special edition for the Indiana Jones trilogy soundtracks  PLEASE!
0553108034|5.0|All I can say about this book is that it is wonderful. The story is so in depth that you find yourself utterly endulged in the plot and unable close the pages shut. The story is amazing, dark, grim. You find yourself  absolutely hating the villans and falling in love with the heroes. All in  all, it is a wonderful book where anything can and will happen. The bad  part? Waiting for the next one.
B00000J6AG|5.0|For a year none of my cd's could beat collective soul, but then, I bought this, and amazingsly, its right up there with the best of em. If you like techno, dance, house, or just music in general, this is a must-have.
0671027344|4.0|Teenager-vulnerable, youthful, and, above all, impressionable. The teenage years is really the progression from child to adulthood in which a teenager learns &quot;the ways of the world.&quot; In reality, a teenager learns his  most important lessons in highschool when dealing with peer pressure,  relationships, and life. Highschool is a tough venture, and Stephen  Chbosky's book, the Perks of a Wallflower, truly helps a teenager cope with  the times by the realization that there is someone in a more difficult  situation. Charlie, the narrator, who tells the story of his freshman year  of highschool deals with some issues that few teens have ever fathomed, and  somehow appeases a teenager's complaints about his or her own life.  Charlie's best friend Michael committed suicide in middle school, while his  Aunt Helen died on his birthday. Charlie receives very little affection at  home and, with the death of his Aunt Helen, Charlie feels unloved and  unnoticed. He cannot make friends with people his own age because he is  looked upon as a &quot;freak&quot; and a &quot;dork.&quot; Therefore, he  finds his place among a senior group of &quot;non-conformists&quot; who  enjoy heavy smoking, sex, and drugs. Charlie will do anything to belong and  his innocent mind is soon opened to the twisted world around him. Every  teenager can really relate to Charlie by the fact that they do things which  later seem &quot;stupid&quot; just to &quot;fit in.&quot; Charlie's  insecure nature related to how I feel wandering the superficial and  judgemental halls of highschool. Charlie exhibits insecurity with girls,  and even allows his homosexual friend to kiss him just so he will be his  friend. Charlie is perhaps the pinnacle of a highschool student in regards  to fitting in, only more intense, lonely, and real. Another aspect of  Charlie's life that I can really relate to is the fact that his town is a  typical large town of the 90's, which means it is very close to how I live.  Moreover, the book is really many letters that Charlie wrote to an  anonymous person comprised into a story. I thought this was a creative way  to write and tell a story, but since the story was in the eyes of a  freshman the writing seemed more like speaking. Although this made it easy  to follow, it sometimes felt all too simplistic. The book is written on a  reading level for middle school children, yet the contents of the novel are  geared toward mature teenagers in highschool. I found this to be one of the  book's few fallacies. Overall, I found the Perks of Being a Wallflower very  enjoyable because, at some point in a teenager's life, one feels like a  wallflower, just an average teenager trying so hard to reach out, but stuck  in the background of life. I know that teenagers will not onl enjoy reading  this novel, but can really relate to many aspects of Charlie's struggle for  inclusion. Above all, the book helps a teenager realize that it can always  be worse...
6305137293|3.0|As an avid horror fan, I truly believe that HALLOWEEN is one of the greatest and most influential horror flicks ever created.  It jump started the whole slasher genre, in which many have tried to duplicate its terror  and ingenuity.  However, none have ever matched up with it.  Three years  later, John Carpenter and Debra Hill wrote (but had no input in directing)  the sequel, which does indeed do something quite creative: taking place  EXACTLY where the first one left off.  I have heard most HALLOWEEN fans  call it the second half of part one.  I have even heard HALLOWEEN fans  refer to it as the superior flick.  However, I tend to disagree.  While  this horror movie does a decent job at sweeping off the dust that the first  one left, it does not rank up there with the first.<br />The first HALLOWEEN  was low-budget, therefore unable to perform bloody special effects.  Much  like THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE 2, the sequel to HALLOWEEN induces more  gore and more deaths, simply to satisfy the title of being a  &quot;slasher&quot; flick than the actual movie.  Expect some mild sex and  tremendous slaying.  I do admire the slayings taking place in the hospital,  though.  Don't ask me why, but I thought that was rather interesting for  the Shape to follow Curtis all the way there.<br />HALLOWEEN 2 does bring back  Jamie Lee Curtis and Donald Pleseance, who both do fine at reprising their  roles.  The supporting cast is only there for the slaying, most of them the  staff at the hospital.  I do give HALLOWEEN 2 props for having a satisfying  climax and good eventual twist to the story.<br />This is basically it:  HALLOWEEN 2 should be viewed by the fans who liked the original.  You may  like it more, you may like it less.  If you like it less, it'll succeed in  making you appreciate the original even more.  But all I'm saying is that  HALLOWEEN 2 is far from memorable.  Not the worst horror sequel, but  definitely not the best.
0876855575|5.0|Ham on Rye is a great informational novel on the background of Bukowski's childhood, adolescence, and evolution into the great writer he has become.  His intoduction to alcohol is a significant experience that led to years of  constant drinking and eventually his death.  It is great background for a  Bukowski fan or even a first time reader. I would recommend reading this  novel first and Women soon after.  They both explain his life well.  Enjoy!
B000001E7V|5.0|The best work so far from Tricky. Excellent for people who are into soul, hip-hop, jungle, rap etc. Martina's alluring voice togather with Tricky's macabre voice, beats and bassline send shivers down one's spine. Something  original which cannot be recreated except by Tricky himself. You either  have got it or you've lost it. Don't hope to find anything of the sort  anywhere else.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie captured my attention the moment I heard about it.  I saw it and......wow. The story is really great.  The only way you could picture this stunning movie is in anime which the director did a great job on.
B000002OOY|5.0|Who can ever forget that first majestic shot of a helicopter soaring into the interior of the lush tropical island which contained Jurassic Park?  The image itself was impressive, but it was John William's breathtaking  music which really drove the experience home for me.  The new Star Wars  film notwithstanding, this is probably Williams' best-known score of the  90s, and it ranks right up there with his all-time greats.  Every track on  this album contributes something new, from the mysterious opening  &quot;Incident on Isla Nublar&quot; to the tense, tightly-written action  cues which dominate the second half.  The frightening four-note motif of  the raptors is particularly effective, and the majestic main theme, which  subtly merges orchestra and choir, is one for the books.  Williams' has the  amazing ability to create a different musical signature for every major  film he scores, and Jurassic Park is one of his most artful.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Well, I won't be surprised if I see Carlos on MTV as background for some spice girls, rickky martin, some rappers, DJs etc.  Carlos, you got new fans, but you've lost a bunch of old faithful ones. However, your new fans  will forget you as they have been forgeting their other idols shortly.  I  was Santana fan. But I'll never buy any new Santana's album again. I don't  want to be disappointed as well and waste my money.  Enjoy your new status  of MTV star and new fans!
B000002J1S|5.0|one of the greatest prog albums ever. however, it is not easy to get into. when listening to this album, the listener must go in with an open mind.  gabriel gives the best performance of his career with genesis, and the rest  of the band rocks too. every song seems to have something special hidden  away deep inside it, waiting for the patient to capture it. <br />if you are a  fan of prog, or rock for that matter, this album will tickle your fancy.
B000002KHF|5.0|Moondance is rewarding, essential, beautiful, and  one of the best recordings ever made.
B0000033P0|3.0|I just bought Tarkus after becoming absolutely hooked on the far-superior Brain Salad Surgery.  It starts off triumphantly, with the 20-plus minute masterpiece, &quot;Tarkus&quot;.  Unfortunately, it doesn't take long for  the entire mood of the album to disintegrate into forgettable, often silly  songs.  The ridiculous &quot;Jeremy Bender&quot; evoked pictures in my mind  of a square dance in a saloon, while &quot;Are you Ready Eddy?&quot; is  shamefully sloppy for a band that was supposedly known for their  exceptional musical talent.  The lyrics throughout the second half are  often painful, especially the rhyme, &quot;Why did He lose/Six million  Jews&quot; from &quot;The Only Way&quot;.  <br />Nevertheless, the album  deserves a 3 star rating based entirely on the strength of the title track.
B00000JAQ8|5.0|This CD is remarkable.  Like a combination of metal and opera with a hint of classical.  Not only do they have a talented singer and an original idea, but they have variety as well.  Some bands have an original idea but  thier songs all sound the same.  Nightwish's songs are remarkable, without  the tendancy of some bands to settle into a rut.  They experiment with many  types of music, and the outcome is outstanding.  Please dont think it is  anything like Metallica's S&amp;M album, as one of my friends did.   Metallica doesn't have near the talent or originality of Nightwish.  What  can I say, it's one of my favorite albums of all time.
B000046PVN|5.0|This is simply an unbeatable score; it amazes me again every time I hear it.  In the late 70s, John Williams really proved himself a master of  thematic material and dynamic orchestrations, and this effort is the  shining example.  There are as many themes woven into this one film as  there are in the entire Star Wars trilogy.  The main march is a certified  classic, as is the sweeping love theme.  However, all of the material  underscoring the sequences involving Smallville, Lex Luthor, and the planet  Krypton is equally great.  (The opening fanfare for Krypton is especially  stunning, and the alternate version provided on this album is a real  treat.)  As a whole, Williams' music is a joy from start to finish, and  this expanded release is the first to really do it justice.  The restored  music really fleshes out the continuity of the score, and the audio quality  is perfectly acceptable (frankly, I think it's a small miracle that all of  the original materials still exist).  Definately a must-own for soundtrack  collectors, and I imagine non-soundtrack-fans will find this worthwhile as  well.  The march alone is worth the price of the album, and there are no  less that five different versions of it on there!
0767824571|5.0|&quot;c'est un cadeau&quot;  &quot;what?&quot;  &quot;a present!&quot;  - a joke i didn't get until the 4th or 5th time i'd seen this movie.  what is it that this is, is a hilarious set of sketches loosely tied together.  what makes it timeless is that the themes for the humor are found in normal  life, all around you.  I've run into idiots who think they're running the  show, and are frustrating to everyone they meet.  a quick aside of  &quot;i'm invincible!&quot; &quot;you're a loony&quot; defuses the  frustration and makes it easier to not sweat the little stuff.  and how  often is it appropriate to say &quot;it's a symbol of your struggle against  reality&quot;.  actually that's from life of brian.  LoB is a tighter  script, and more targeted social commentary than HG, but both help armor  one with humor - truly (i think) the best way to live life.<br />also, if  you've seen everything MP has to offer, i highly recommend the Kids in the  Hall, a canadian troupe that did a TV show some years back and has just  resucitated their stage show for a tour.  Their movie Brain Candy (96-ish)  was funny but not IMHO up to their sketch work.  VERY Python-esque, and new  so you can see it for the first time and experience the delight of the  surprise ending (&quot;why didn't you stop him?&quot; &quot;oh, i thought  you knew him&quot;).  You've seen or heard of most of the members - dave  foley (too funny for words), mark mckinney (the chicken lady ROCKS), scott  thompson (i adore buddy), bruce mccullough (my pen!... i wanted my check  four HOURS ago), and kevin mcdonald (tiny bit of evil... it was Citizen  Kane!  see him in Galaxy Quest). Check 'em out - humor makes the world a  better place.
B000002UJQ|5.0|You must see the 5/5 stars and say 'everyone blindly gives that to even bad albums'.  I didn't. This album is a worthy successor to the incredible 'The bends' album.  It is a calm yet frenzied artistic representation of  modern times.  Our loss of identity.
6303961592|5.0|I can not say much about, Everyone should see this outstanding production by the genius William Wyler. This is my number one film
B00000IO4J|5.0|I thought this film was absolutely fantastic. The cast were great and the storyline was terrific. I've never seen a film quite like this!It's thouroughly enjoyable and not too scary so it's it's also perfect for those  who don't like to hide behind their sofa's!
630575067X|5.0|Star Wars Episode 1 is great film amed for people of all ages
B00000DGUG|5.0|This is a great album!  What an awesome follow-up to outstanding hit, Jagged Little Pill.  Both of these albums should be in everyone's home along with the recently released Alanis Morissette MTV Unplugged which is  also great.  Some of my favorites on this album would be: &quot;Front  Row&quot;, &quot;Thank U&quot;, &quot;Can't Not&quot;, &quot;Would Not  Come&quot;, and &quot;So Pure&quot;.  This is a great CD!
0380002930|5.0|I can't explain how amazing this book is. All I can say is that it is an awesome, spectular, amazing story that I loved the whole way through. The ending is a great surprize. This book will truly blow you away if you like  animals and adventure. Watership Down is my FAVORITE book! It's awesome!
0780625129|5.0|I have to say this movie was the best movie I have ever seen.  I never liked to watch premice movies, but this one was great.   Both Edward Norton and Edward Furlong's characters in the movie were very strong characters.   They made a good choice.  I recommend this movie to everyone out there.
B000002VFW|5.0|When I visited a friend in England in late 1989 he played this disc for me.  I thought Lisa's voice back then was incredible.  I even liked how the arrangements had a Barry White flavor to them.  It was obvious who Lisa's  main influence is.  This disc is &quot;tight&quot; from top to bottom.  It  has stood the test of time, when I played it on New Years, I realized  tracks like &quot;You Can't Deny it&quot;, &quot;Sincerity&quot;, and  &quot;All Around the World&quot; can still hold their own with today's  music.  If there is any mention of the word DIVA it should include LISA  STANSFIELD!
B00000ILDE|5.0|This &quot;special&quot; version has some 17 minutes of added footage, some of which explaines matters that were difficult to imagine, because they simply didn't exist on the original version. Ripley's extra-motherly  affection for the little girl to name only one thing. I am delighted to see  more and more movies in it's intended cut, not the studio cut, which is  often geared towards a (percieved?) short-attention span audience.<br />Aliens  is one of the examples on how a movie can get better by re-editing and  adding footage, and last but not least the DVD sound and picture quality  are excellent. Sci-Fi fan, go get this one.
B000002MY3|5.0|What an awesome album!  This is completely amazing!  Simply put, it could not be better at all.  It's outstanding!  My favorites (I love all of them) would be &quot;All I Really Want&quot;, &quot;You Oughta Know&quot;,  &quot;Hand In My Pocket&quot;, &quot;Right Through You&quot;, and &quot;Not  The Doctor&quot;.  This is great!  Everyone should own this album and  Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie and the recently released MTV Unplugged.   Great job!
B00004R960|4.0|This album is not as bad as some reviewers said.It is a very good one after Oasis releases thier best for all time&quot;What's the story,morning glory&quot; . I think most songs' guitar sound is not distinguishable,thus  the melody is not so cathchy.But if you turn the &quot;BASS&quot; OF YOUR  STEREO DOWN,YOU WILL KNOW HOW GOOD THIS ALBUM IS. BELIEVE ME!
B00003OSTR|5.0|this movie will inspire all who watch it. you will catch yourself longing for the simperler times, admireing his courage and most of all his conviction to his faith. gary cooper and walter brennen were a perfict fit  for each other.they also starred in a movie about judge roy bean (i cant  remeber the name at this time) that was a comedy before its time. if you  want good entertainment that the whole family can sit and enjoy together  (hard to find these days) this is the movie for you.
0375703764|5.0|Mr. Danielewski spends the opening pages of his book, from the \\"dedication\\" through the \\"introduction\\" warning you not to read the book. So what do you do? You read the book! Why the quotes around those words?  Because there is more to behold in every word. Every idea is layered, boxes  inside boxes, not just layers on layers. This is no two-dimensional  construct (as \\"leaves\\" might suggest). Just as the \\"house\\" (sorry I can't  print the word in blue) is bigger on the inside than on the outside, so are  the words, the ideas and the book themselves. The metaphor is stunningly  simple, yet profound, and well, complex. On one level, it's like every  slasher pic ever made, where you know the character (future victim)  shouldn't open that door, or go down that dark hallway. He/she has to  because it's there. Because it's hardwired into the script and can't be  changed. Only you, the reader, are the subject, here. You get your hands on  this book and you have to \\"do it.\\" On another level, you can marvel at the  idea. Is it about the harmless curiosities of multi-dimensional space? Or  is it about the pure horror of the supernatural? Are they one and the same?  You've got to give Mr. Danielewski credit for knowing his audience and  playing us for all we're worth. The comparisons to Pynchon, Wallace and  others are inevitable because right away you see that the text is steeped  in nearly real-time cultural allusions, and other written references, some  of which appear to be actual, others not. So this, this  is-it-really-a-novel? novel is very dense, highly compressed, even at more  than 700 pages. But then, there are many pages that are nearly blank! Who's  the joke on? The book invites you to move around; scan appendices, examine  the index (which even has entries for words like \\"for,\\" with dozens of  pages listed). You have to smile, if not laugh outright. But at the same  time, he manufactures a brooding edginess and mystery. You wonder about  heeding jacket blurb cautions not to read the book just before going to  bed. But you go ahead and read anyway. Is this rhetoric elevated to the  sublime? Or the cruel? A tower of reader manipulation. But you're a willing  partner. You read it and you want to look into Danielewski's eyes -- just  to see if maybe you can catch a glimpse of where this came from. He's  working with a couple of very simple ideas, but he's looking at them in a  whole new ... darkness? Yeah, it's pushing the post-modern envelope, but at  the same time you've expected someone to do this. If he hadn't done it  another daring young writer would have taken novelistic de/re-construction  here or close by. Of course few would have chosen terror as their  playground. But this is not all just a literary game. Or is it? Joyce said  as much of his own \\"Finnegan's Wake.\\" I daresay, few others could have  pulled it off ... to the exent that part of me wants to know how other  readers survived reading it! Is the editor still a functioning member of  society? The proofreader? The author himself? His agent? The other  reviewers on this web page? Is that a thumbs up! Yes, if you're willing to  turn yourself over to a master. It may depend on how brave you are, whether  you can detach yourself from the work so you can come up for a breath of  fear-free air once in a while, or whether you allow it to take you and --  as at least one of its narrative voices promises -- change you forever.  I've had a hard time thinking of anything else since I got my hands on it.
B0000062GE|5.0|i cannot possibly explain to you how amazing this cd truly is.  i believe it is safe to say, it delves deep into your soul.  you must hear it for yourself.
0553296981|5.0|This book is a book that is about a girl that goes into hiding during World War 11 when Hitler was killing all of the Jews. She lived in a small room with seven other people living there with her in a place called the Secert Annex. She has to learn how to get along with her friends and  family. My favorite thing in this book was the fact that it told me how  hard her live was for her during the times she hid. Also how lucky I am to  be alive. If you Number the Stars then you will abosulty LOVE this book!
6303255132|5.0|At the beginning of the movie, it is fairly obvious what the outcome of the movie is going to be.  Yet, it is still makes for interesting watching as to how it eventually evolves.  Richard Gere and especially Julia Roberts  turn in stunning performances in this easy to watch movie that will have  you laughing.  The subject matter is not so mindless that it will insult  one's intelligence either.
0679745203|1.0|Purple prose does not translate into either literature or poetry.  This is the only book that actually made me physically ill.  I could say a lot more but that would only be giving this book free advertising and that is  something I definitely do NOT want to do!
B00002Z88D|2.0|First off, let me tell you that I am a metal head in the purist sense of the word. Metallica have not released a metal album since their self-titled, which isn't bad, I'd just like to state that. This album is  ok, the reason I say it's only ok is because most song on this album loose  their original feel with the way James sings and with the orchestra added.  It gives the old songs a different feel. My favorite on the track is  'Battery'. Now, if you want to check out some Real symphonic metal, go  listen to Therion's previous release, Vovin. Symphonic metal with full  opera vocals. Those boys know how to do it right, and have been doing it  years before Metallica even thought about it. There are also quite a few  black metal bands that do the symphonic metal thing, but chances are, if  you're a fan of 'new' Metallica, you're not going to like black metal (the  most extreme music on the planet).
B000002ADT|5.0|There will NEVER be an album that tops Kind of Blue.  Music has entered a virtual coma through &quot;talented&quot; young icons like Brittany Spears.  Miles' vision is so wonderful on every track, it seems to be beyond  jazz--in fact, when I listen to a jazz album by a different artist I find  myself becoming irritable; soon Miles is back in there to soothe me again.   It's amazing that, at the end of All Blues (track #4), he can perform an  enthralling solo using a single note.  I appreciate all of Miles' stages  (and I love his fusion albums), but this is better than anything EVER.   What more can I say?  BUY IT NOW!
B000002GDJ|3.0|With musical hindsight at 20/20, the Police threw off the &quot;shackles of rock and roll/punk&quot;, and came up with a sound that was truly their own. Every number on this album is backed with solid musicianship, which  makes Regatta De Blanc the greatest album the Police ever put out. Reggae  is no longer borrowed, but used. On this album, you can hear the first  notes of fushion, jazz, and pop. If it sounds like the album is plagued by  inconsequential filler, it's because Sting and Stewart combed the backs of  their notebooks to come up with the material needed to fill the album.  Interstingly, Sting stated once in an interview that there were  &quot;glaring holes&quot; in &quot;Walking On The Moon&quot;. Andy 's  guitar riffs practically saved the song. With this album, the Police  realized that there was only three of them, and to cover their limitations,  they've &quot;enhanced them by playing less.&quot;
B000009HF2|5.0|This live album is a masterpiece.&quot;Do you feel like we do,&quot; is the greatest 14mins.you'll ever hear on your Stero.Five years ago I was at a gas station,and this song was blasting from a truck in front of me. When  the song was over with,this 65year old guys comes out  screaming,&quot;Man,WDVE is jamming tonight.&quot; All ages love this  record. This was the first time I heard a talkbox in a song.It sounds like  Peter's saying,&quot;I want to F    you.I could play this one song untill I  die and still hear new cords.Even after 14mins.you still want this song to  go on. &quot;Show me the Way,&quot; was another hit from the Album along  with,&quot;Baby I love you way.&quot; After this record,Peter Frampton  didn't have much luck with his other recordings,but if I was Peter,I'd be  so proud of myself for recording  the greatest live album ever.
B00003CXBK|5.0|At the urging of my Japanese roommate who was eager to see the movie in English, I went against my will to see Princess Mononoke.  I was pleasantly suprised because I generally don't like anime simply because the way the  characters are drawing is not pleasing to me.  However, I felt the  animation in this movie was top notch, especially the animals.  I agree  with what everyone has said about the quality of the characters and the  story.  I think it is an excellent film and I will definately add it to my  DVD collection.  There were two things I didn't like, however, that I'd  just like to point out.<br />Many critics were saying the film was so great  because it deals with how humans and technology are destroying nature.   Well, that film was already done, and it was called Fern Gully: The Last  Rainforest.  Sure, Fern Gully was a typical Disneyesque movie and much less  mature and sophisticated with animation of a lesser quality, but it was  relaying the same ideas as Princess Mononoke (although Princess Mononoke  was a much better movie).<br />Second, I was entirely confused by the title of  the movie, because I am unfamiliar with all things Japanese.  I thought the  name of the princess was Mononoke and the whole movie everyone called her  San (I think, I saw it a while ago).  My roommate explained to me after it  was over that Mononoke are the gods that are like giant beasts, so it was  like she was Princess of the Beast-Gods.  I know that would be a really bad  title, but it would leave less confusion for those of us that are entirely  uncultured and who would be unfamiliar with a word like  &quot;Mononoke&quot;.<br />Okay, I'm finished rambling.  You need to see this  movie because of the music and animation and characters and it's just  superb.
B000009RC2|5.0|Although I prefer McLaughlin when he teams with Miles, the Mahavishnu Orchesta certainly provides some mind-blowing tracks.  This album has something for every mood, whether it be hyperactive or depressed.  And of  course, McLaughlin is simply incredible with his fierce solos.  It's a  shame his name has not risen to the fame of Hendrix's and Page's, but among  musicians he will always be a legend.  All told, this album is a must-buy  for those who appreciate the fusion stages of Miles.  In a word: ecstasy.
B000005ALP|5.0|I have to say this band is really and truly talented!And E really has a nice voice,i just wished i had his voice.And Tommy is an excellent bassist&amp;vocalist,to bad he left the band.And Butch is an excellent  drummer&amp;vocalist also.And i'm really looking forward to their new  album!But all i have to say is...this is a must have album! And Novocaine  For The Soul is one of the best songs i have ever heard in my life! And  the Eels kick a$$!
B00000K19E|4.0|I seen this movie three times last year.I had three dates last summer,and everyone wanted to see this film.The first time was fantastic.It was exciting,but you have to pay attention.The first hour explains the  Matrix,then the adventure begins.Laurence Fishburne is the best actor in  the movie,and he explans the Matrix to Keanu and the rest of us. You'll  have a great time renting this Movie,and at the end it makes you  think,maybe were all in the Matrix.
B00000I924|5.0|Yes that's right the only guitar hero left! Jeff Beck outshines Eric Clapton by a million miles!  On this disc Beck goes into some electronic music and it works. &quot;What Mama Said&quot; gets this cd going in the  right direction. &quot;Psycho Sam&quot; is a great rocker. The blues tune  &quot;Brush with the Blues&quot; is dynomite!                                           He even surprises me with kind of a late sounding Elo type  ballad &quot;Angel (footsteps)&quot;, are you sure Jeff Lynne wasn't  running the control board? &quot;THX138&quot; is excellent. Another fine  song is &quot;Declan&quot; beautiful guitar work with flutes + violins  sounds like it came of &quot;There And Back&quot; one of his last great  cd's. If you don't like electronic music and i am one of them, don't worry  this is a great sounding and played disc.
B00000K0DV|4.0|This is undoubtedly one of the most notorious films ever made, and when I bought it I thought that I was in for a real sleazefest. However, I was surprised to find that it is a clever, well-made giallo, which kept me  guessing till the end(but then again, I've always been hopeless at guessing  who the killer is in films like this). The movie is like a vintage Argento  film but without the fancy camerawork and long, tedious scenes of boring  dialogue. It's not as gory as it's reputed to be, but it's every bit as  sleazy. The most harrowing thing in the film, however, is not the violence  but the scenes of the little girl in the hospital bed. Anyway, a good film,  well worth checking out.
B00000064G|5.0|Pink Moon is by far Nick Drakes best album. The songs are beautiful, haunting, and stark. I would highly recommend getting the compilation CD set Fruit Tree. Five Leaves Left is a great album as well, Bryter Layer is  a good album although way over produced. One of the big reasons to get the  box set is so you can compare some songs that appear on Time Of No Reply to  say a song on Bryter Layer. The song Fly is a good example, in it's stark;  Nick and guitar form, the song is incredibly powerful but in the over  produced form it feels watered down. Definitely get the box set over just  one CD, it is incredible how addictive his music is.
B000002JKS|5.0|Of the whole Robert Plant's solo career still I can't say which album is his best. It could be \\"Pictures at Eleven\\" or \\"The Principle of Moments\\" or \\"Shaken `n' Stirred\\". This record may take a few listens to get used to. My  favourite songs here are \\"Too Loud\\", \\"Little By Little\\", \\"Doo Doo A Do Do\\",  \\"Sixes And Sevens\\". \\"Trouble Your Money\\" is a wonderful song too. The only  small minus of this record is backing vocals which sometimes don't seem to  fit well to some songs. Wonderful guitar and keyboards here as usual. Maybe  the following three Plant's records are not so good because of the  departure of Robbie Blunt. All in all, great work by the best singer in the  world!
0553208845|5.0|Hesse's Siddhartha has a unviersal theme that everyone can relate to.  As a teenager, I felt extremely close to Siddhartha doing his time of rebellion.  Hesse has done a wonderful job in creating a character and a  story that is believable AND enjoying.  Hesse's writing style is easy to  understand and the text reads smoothly and quickly.  Hesse obviously had a  passion and true talent for writing that shows in his novels, especially  Siddhartha.
B000002N2P|5.0|Before Green Day wussed out on &quot;Nimrod.&quot;, they made this great album.  While 1995 was an otherwise bad year for music (TLC and Alanis Morisette dominated the charts, for God's sake!), this was its one shining  star.<br />Don't buy this album expecting &quot;Good Riddance&quot;.  This is  32 minutes of nonstop ROCK.  I don't think this is what punk's supposed to  sound like, but this sounds awesome.  All the tracks are equally strong,  and I always sing along to them while blasting this album.  Green Day will  probably never again make another &quot;Insomniac&quot;.  This is a great  album!  Buy it immediately!
0684872153|4.0|&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; was an inspiring novel for any reader.  Though the length may seem intimidating to those who not enjoy reading, the sentences are written simply and flow very well.  Every sentence makes the  reader want to know what happens nect and there is only one space between  each sentence, making the motnotany of Frank's life come to life.  Frank  takes his life from the Depression in the US to poverty stricken Ireland.   Every description of the non-existent plumbing and electricity to the  electricity to the clothes that were never changed and food that never came  in shows the reader how much they truly have in their life.  Never once  does the narrator preach that people should not be allowed to live in this  manner, rather he tells of his life and how even he had a better life than  some individuals.  This book can make a person of any social standing value  what they do have rather than regret what they never achieved.  There is no  real flaw in the novel, it is simply one of those novels that you never  want to end.
B00003652R|5.0|MISPLACED CHILDHOOD IS SIMPLY GREAT - IN MY OPINION, THE 2ND BEST ALBUM FROM MARILLION WITH SCRIPT FOR A JESTERS TEAR BEING THE BEST EFFORT - GREAT SONG WRITING AND MUSIC MAKE THIS A CD ANY COLLECTOR SHOULD OWN - PLAY THIS  LOUD, AND THE SOUND BLOWS YOU AWAY - MARILLION SHOWS OFF THEIR TALENTS,  WITH OF COURSE, FISH ON VOCALS
0385474547|4.0|I enjoyed Chinua Achebe's, Things Fall Apart, and would recommend it to anyone. Chinua Achebe is a great author and shows it in his books. I think when he was writing this book he wanted people to learn about other  cultures in the world. The way that these people live and react to their  problems is much different than what I see in my life. He writes about a  man named Okonkwo, who faces fear and anger when missionaries come to his  homeland, in Nigeria. In one part of the book, Okonkwo is forced out of his  home and sent to live in his motherland because he accidentally shoots and  kills another man. Later he comes home and tries to win back his old  neighbors and friends who are now followers of the Christian faith. Also,  the men in the clan are to raise strong boys into men. This may be a  problem for Okonkwo as his son withdraws into the Christians. One of the  most exciting parts of the book is when the tribe gathers together to have  wrestling matches. The men, women, and children go against each other like  wild animals and it is very exciting. Next, Okonkwo faces one of his  hardest tasks when he must kill a young man he has been caring for. Okonkwo  could never forgive himself but it was something that the tribe leaders  ordered. Okonkwo finally loses control of himself and makes the ultimate  sacrifice fearing that the missionaries from Britain would gain too much  control. I liked this book because in my life I don't get to see or hear  about how people such as Okonkwo had to face their troubles. This book  teaches a valuable lesson about Western imperialism and shows how the  Western countries influenced the African tribes.
B000002MP2|4.0|This is a good album.  It is light and poppy, and it isn't a punk record.  However, I always enjoy listening to it.  &quot;Burnout&quot;, &quot;Having A Blast&quot;, &quot;Pulling Teeth&quot;, &quot;She&quot;, and &quot;Coming  Clean&quot; are especially strong tracks.  Nevertheless, &quot;Dookie&quot;  is not their best album.  On the closing tracks &quot;In The End&quot; and  &quot;F--- off and Die&quot;, Green Day proved that they could rock, and  that of course would lead to their best album &quot;Insomniac&quot;, which  is a definite best buy.  However, this is a strong rock album from a golden  year of music (1994), and is a worthy investment.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Sadly neglected at the Grammy's, this collection of gospel-techno-ambient-soul food was the best CD of 1999. Each track is different, but all favor the unique, almost subliminal beat and subtle  sampling that is Moby's trademark. Ideal for creating Spinning(R) mixes, or  play the first 7 tracks straight through.  This album is the benchmark from  which all future &quot;DJ/Dance&quot; releases will be judged. favorite  cuts &quot;Southside&quot; and &quot;Natural Blues&quot;
B00003652Q|5.0|THIS CD, THEIR FIRST FULL STUDIO ALBUM, IS THEIR BEST - MISPLACED CHILDHOOD COMES IN A CLOSE SECOND - THIS CD IS &quot;CLASSIC MARILLION&quot; - THE SOUND THAT MADE THEM ONE OF THE GREATEST BANDS IN THE  80'S - FISH (THE VOICE OF MARILLION) SOUNDS HIS BEST ON THIS CD ALSO (AGAIN  MISPLACED CHILDHOOD IS A CLOSE SECOND) - IF YOU WANT TO TRY A MARILLION CD  OUT FOR THE FIRST TIME, BUY THIS ONE
B000002LEE|5.0|I really didn't like this CD when I first heard it.  A friend of mine was &quot;addicted&quot; to it (no pun intended) but I couldn't figure out why.  Eventually I caught on.  This is where the world is really introduced to  the eccentric Perry Farrel and and unbelievable guitar work of Dave  Navarro.  Of course, Steven Perkins and Eric A are great, too.  Ted just  Admit it is my favorite song here and is the &quot;epic&quot; song on this  CD which runs over 7 minutes with multiple tempo changes and mood swings.  Summertime Rolls is the most intense song with a catchy bass line (similar  to the opening bass on Up the Beach.  This CD was really a breath of fresh  air.  I still love it and although I think Ritual is a little better there  are few CD's better than this.  Interesting cover, too!
0393312836|5.0|This great book follows the life of young Alex and his &quot;droogs&quot;, from their nightly &quot;ultraviolence&quot; to Alex's prison days. This book has great use of its dark futuristic (of the time that it was written)  setting. I liked how burgess showed who Alex was right in the beginning by  use of showing Alex and his friends prowling the streets, looking for  trouble. At first I didn't like the words that Alex used, but once I got  used to them, they added alot to the book. The book was written very well  and Burgess used very good character development. <br />I like the ideas of  the book alot, also. I like that Burgess seemed to be against the doctors  messing with Alex's head. I think that he was because of the political  writers he used to bring the doctors and the government people that funded  them down. I also like how he showed how some people would do any thing to  get what they want done. He did this when He showed Alex lay down in the  bed and the people that were supposed to be helping him played the music  that made him jump out of the window.<br />I am glad that I read the version  with the final chapter that was omitted from the book the first time it  came to America from Britain. I'm not quite sure why it was left out, but  it pretty much changes the whole scope of the book. It shows that even  someone as bad as Alex can change.<br />Over all, it is a great book and I  highly recommend it to you.
0871137380|5.0|Overall, very detailed analysis of how the SPECOPS community functions.  Discusses the events of day in meticulous graphic detail.  This book also dives into the seldom seen or heard aftermath of that fatal day.  It  demonstrates that success often comes at a price.  As a physician in the  military, this book also dives into the medical aspescts of war and how the  triage system works.  Dr Marsh had a difficult job and was faced with many  decisions during his Mass Casualty.  I glad to see that his expertise and  military training saved as many soldiers as possible.  A must read for  anyone interested in Aviation, Medicine and Special Operations.
B00003CX95|5.0|Out of over 150 Laser Disks, this is 1 of only 2 that I am repurchasing on DVD.  It is that moving a movie.
0380002930|1.0|I am a teenager and I read the whole book, I found it a total let down.  So many people had said that it was a wonderful book. However I found it increadible boring and confusing.  The author made up words so that you  couldn't follow what the rabbits were saying, the only nice thing that I  can say about it is the irony of the book and the little action that is in  it.  Also the rabbits are incredibly stupid, it isn't until they get to  there destination before they figure out that they are a bucks and that  they need to mate to keep their warren going.  I would advise anyone to not  buy this book.
0393312836|5.0|This great book follows the life of young Alex and his &quot;droogs&quot;, from their nightly &quot;ultraviolence&quot; to Alex's prison days. This book has great use of its dark futuristic (of the time that it was written)  setting. I liked how burgess showed who Alex was right in the beginning by  use of showing Alex and his friends prowling the streets, looking for  trouble. At first I didn't like the words that Alex used, but once I got  used to them, they added alot to the book. The book was written very well  and Burgess used very good character development. <br />I like the ideas of  the book alot, also. I like that Burgess seemed to be against the doctors  messing with Alex's head. I think that he was because of the political  writers he used to bring the doctors and the government people that funded  them down. I also like how he showed how some people would do any thing to  get what they want done. He did this when He showed Alex lay down in the  bed and the people that were supposed to be helping him played the music  that made him jump out of the window.<br />I am glad that I read the version  with the final chapter that was omitted from the book the first time it  came to America from Britain. I'm not quite sure why it was left out, but  it pretty much changes the whole scope of the book. It shows that even  someone as bad as Alex can change.<br />Over all, it is a great book and I  highly recommend it to you.
B000002AH9|5.0|The tragic life...  <br />This was her masterpiece.  Yeah, ok... so it was recorded toward the end of her career, but THAT is why it rings so true.  Her voice drips with emotion. She's backed by a great sounding orchestra  and she, herself, thought this was one of her best.  You'll love her  rendition of Hogie Carmichael's &quot;I Get Along Without You Very  Well&quot;.  &quot;I'm A Fool To Want You&quot; and &quot;The End Of A Love  Affair&quot; are just sooo beautiful to listen to. This is good  stuff.<br />For me, nothing compares to Billie...
0140177396|5.0|John Steinbeck must have been a genius. For this book is too true to just simply read and then forget about. &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; focuses on many individuals, the main characters being George and Lennie. This book  has many meanings that stick out like a sore thumb. The main theme being  loneliness. This book will leave you numb inside. This book teaches many  lessons and is guarenteed to be a favorite for anyone. There are no words  good enough to describe it. Read it yourself and you will see what I mean.
0451191153|3.0|The Fountainhead is a good book.  However, Ayn Rand goes way in too depth about what she is talking about.  This book is really confusing due the fact that what she really wants to talk about, her philosophy of  Objectivism, is buried so deep that you have to read it over and over  again.  On the other hand, she does really develop one good character.   Howard Roark is someone who everyone would want to be, someone who realizes  what he stands for and will not yield under any pressure.  Even when he's  in court, or when he is about to be put out of his apartment, Roark will  not change his views.  As a customer, you will either take what he gives  you or he will leave.  Even if its one minor detail, Roark will not let you  change his work.  It puts him apart from everyone else in the book, and he  is the reason why this book is as good as it is.  Unfortunatly, he is not  enough, as Ayn Rand could not really do much with the others around Howard,  and the book became slow and boring.
6305718954|4.0|Stigmata is one of those select &quot;freaky&quot; movies that stick in your head for some time after viewing it.  Although much different than The Exorcist it has the same freaky qualities.  For instance, in some of the  scenes Franckies voice is that of a monster that conflicts her looks; this  will make the hair stand on the back of your neck.  When watching the movie  you never know if she will be possesed or not, you will find you are always  on edge. I was disatisfied with the ending although it fits.  The alternate  ending (directors)is much better than the theatrical ending.
B000001FFJ|5.0|There are good albums, and there are classics. This is a classic.Maybe it's pop, maybe it isn't, doesn't really matter. One of those albums that sound as good as the first time you heard it years ago.
0399143904|5.0|This is a great book.  From the opening hostage situation with the Spanish Ambassador's wife on the 767, to the whole great plot to kill everyone in the world, Clancy clearly knows how to write a great thriller.  It was a  great idea of his to write another book with John Clark, and it was good  that he brought back Oso Vega and Domingo Chavez to work together.  Between  the bank robbery, the rollerpark incident, and the Brazil invasion, Clancy  has written a masterpart.
B000003TA4|5.0|this is like every other nirvana album an absolutely fantastic album.Its an essential for every nirvana fan its got the rage of &quot;territorial pissings&quot; the exiting &quot;breed&quot; ,the classic acoustic  &quot;polly&quot; the powert of &quot;somthing in the way&quot; and more  including the smash hit &quot;smells like teen spirit&quot;  BUY IT  NOW!
B00003CWPR|4.0|Kubrick has done it again. I watched the film twice in the theater, and could not wait till it came out for home viewing. i just bought the dvd, a great transfer of the film, and can not stop watcing it. symbolism graces  this film from begining to end. each time i watch it i find new revelations  that push my mind to the outer limits. yes it can be passed off as a long,  boring film. that is if you must have everything spoon fed to you. if you  love films that make you think, question, and expand your mind to the max  you will like Kubrick's final addition to the true art of making films. I  just have one question, how long did they have to spend building all the  great sets that visually stun the eye.
0684847817|5.0|This book is the worlds best book. The pictures are brilliant and realistic, Brian Froud also explains them all in great ways and has exclaimed all there names. This to me is the best book I could ever read I  got this book 2 years ago and it is still my favorite book I recommend this  to EVERYONE. It sure kept me believen. YOU MUST GET THIS BOOK.
B00003XB8K|3.0|After listening to Enigma's newest CD (Screen Behind the Mirror)I wasn't that impressed with the style of music delivered this time.  It appears that MC Curly (Micheal Cretu) decided to use samples of Carl Orff's Carmina  Burana throughout the entire CD.  The first two songs &quot;The Gate&quot;  and &quot;Push the Limit&quot; seem to combine nicely together, beyond  that, I was looking for some more electronic excitement.  Something to  dazzle me with a unique sound.  Enigma isn't packing the type of punch I  would have expected for the new millenium.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|This is the worst album i have ever heard in my entire lifetime
0553280325|5.0|Probably the finest fantasy novella I've ever read. Head and shoulders above most of the junk found in the science fiction genre. First read it over 30 years ago, and it is still a wonderful read.
B0000028M7|5.0|DIRT in my not so humble opinion is the greatest rock album of the 90's. ALICE IN CHAINS totally blows NEVERMIND by NIRVANA or TEN by PEARL JAM back to Seattle on this release. The music here combines dark, sinister sounds on such songs as ROOSTER, RAIN WHEN I DIE, DOWN IN A HOLE, ANGRY CHAIR with straight ahead rockers as WOULD?, THEM BONES, DAM THE RIVER, GODSMACK.  Layne Staley's songwriting here is shockingly autobiographical as he puts his own struggles with drugs to paper SICKMAN, GODSMACK JUNKHEAD, while Jerry Cantrell writes a song that helps him heal the relationship with his father ROOSTER. He also gives us one of AIC most popular songs ever which is WOULD?.  All 13 of the tracks are hits, no weak or filler material here. AIC shows why they are a band that is to be recognized for their talent and why they may be imitated, but never surpassed.
B000002MP2|5.0|I bought this at an airport last year, because I'd heard some stuff from it on the radio and had nothing to listen to during a 10 hour trip. Well, I must say, since then I've become a huge fan of the band! This CD is pure  punk-pop with EVERY song hitting the mark! I really have no idea how anyone  could dislike this CD: it got me hooked and I have never liked punk music  (although for the record this is not &quot;real&quot; punk, like, let's  say, Bad Religion or something). I can't even name one song I like most on  the album, because at least 10 songs out of 14 are absolutely incredible,  period. If you don't have this, you NEED to get this. You will not be  disappointed, I guarantee it. Really, the only thing to complain about is  that &quot;Dookie&quot; is incredibly short (less than 40 minutes playing  time), but I don't mind that one bit personally. I'm hoping Green Day's  next album is just as great, so far everything they've released since  &quot;Dookie&quot; hasn't been AS good (although very good still). Again,  if I were you, I'd be buying this one right now!
068485743X|4.0|Four and a half stars is more appropriate.  This is one of the most practical books on writing I've ever read.  Lukeman deals in three parts with writing mistakes which will almost certainly assure the rejection of a  manuscript, or an article.  He also breaks each part into individual  chapters and suggests exercises to--hopefully--alleviate each problem  area.<br />The only complaint I had is that most of the writing examples are  so horrendous, they border on unbelievable.  This is a minor drawback.   <br />I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to improve as a writer.
B00001SIES|4.0|I only heard of Muse because I was visiting London and the song &quot;Sunburn&quot; was EVERYWHERE. Now, that song is one of the best I've heard in a while, and believe you me, that says a lot! I've bought the CD  first thing when I got back to the States, and I must say it's pretty  enjoyable. &quot;Muscle Museum&quot;, &quot;Fillip&quot; and  &quot;Cave&quot; are very impressive! Now, Muse might be dismissed as  Radiohead clones by the critics, but as a music fan I think that music  itself should come BEFORE the question of who's imitating who, and what  Muse does on &quot;Showbiz&quot; is excellent!
B00003CWPR|5.0|I didn't think I was going to like this film ,but by me being married I understood what Cruise ,and Kidman was going through. This film was about a married couple who was trying to find their sexuality they were faithful to  each other ,but through the film they have so many temptations and they try  to do the right thing. I really like this film it's worth buying ,but  warning theres lot's of nudity.
052594527X|2.0|Having taught art for 24 years and being a painter, I was interested in this book about Vermeer. It was well written and insightful but I was continually bothered about the way the author treated the teenaged manin  character. She was fondled throughout the book by two men and one  eventually became her husband. I have no idea why the author put this  insignificant fact in the book. It did not add to the story line and made  it cheap. Who cares if she was manhandled? We all use the bathroom too but  don't have to elaborate on that! So many of today's novels start off nicely  and end up being amorous when they don't even need to be. I would have  gladly reocommended this book to younger readers but would never do so now.  Yes, we live in a very sex-crazed and sexsarturated age, too bad novelists  can't transcend this to make for truly timeless and beautiful writing.  Vermeer certainly did in his paintings. That's why they continue to  fascinate and astoand us. This book I am afraid will find itself in used  booksdtores before too long. It was an O.K. read. I would suggest the  essays of E.B.White to really read genius at its best a without a hint of  anything that would be embarrassing.
B000000OY9|5.0|To begin with I am a massive Neil Young fan. But I'm not completely crazy. This is a WRETCHED album. Why then the five stars? To catch your attention. The reason I wanted it is because of the second track on this album... its  called &quot;Control Your Violent Side&quot; and to my mind it deserves to  become a cult classic as one of the most unintentionally funny moments in  the history of recorded music. Certainly it ranks up there with the music  of Leonard Nimoy and &quot;Miami Vice&quot; heart throb Philip Michael  Thoms. If you are a Neil Young fan, then don't be too cross with me. Part  of the man's charm was that he never gave a horse's hockey puck about what  people were thinking about him anyway. Only a guy like Neil Young could be  un-self-conscious enough to release a song ... WITH A CHOIR OF CHILDREN  SINGING &quot;CONTROL YOUR VIOLENT SIDE&quot; over and over again.  The  fact that he probably meant it gives it a certain heart-breaking charm. He  is the world's only cross between William Shakespeare, Bob Dylan... and  Wesley Willis! At $6 bucks this is a perefect Party laugh grabber!
6305499365|5.0|Yeah... I'm going to have to &quot;go ahead&quot; and rent this movie again because I missed most of it due to the fact that I was laughing too hard to keep up with the story line. <br />Seriously though, this movie was  simply the best movie I've ever seen. Other than the types of people the  movie was being critical of, (mindless corporate suits and drones), I can't  imagine anybody not loving this film.
B00003CWPR|5.0|rgdfgf z dzhzdf dfg zdhzd dfghz dht dfgfh df zdh zzdf hdfhd
B0000399WI|5.0|I had heard many good things about this movie before I finally decided to rent it in the summer of '98. This movie is amazing, to say the least. I did not anticipate the surprise climax...it was so clever and it is what  sets this movie aside from the other prison movies. And like so many  others, I was shocked to hear that it was written by Stephen King of all  people. Just goes to show that the quality of King's dramas rival even his  best horrors!
B0000039PW|5.0|This is unquestionably the greatest rap album of all time, from the greatest MC of all time. From start to finish every track is refined and polished, while still having the ability to be raw and hard hitting. It is  widely regarded that Dr. Dre's Chronic is the best gangsta rap album of all  time, but this beats it hands down. The album covers a lot of ground - from  robbery stories such as Gimme The Loot and Ready To Die to songs with  feeling - Juicy, Everyday Struggle,Suicidal Thoughts rounded off with a  little bit of mackin songs - One More Chance, Big Poppa. Even if you've  never heard any of this album before I recommend that you buy this album  from the King of New York, though a more appropriate title would be the  King of Rap. It has everything - it is brilliant lyrically, Biggie's voice  is mesmorising and are hard to get out of your head. Biggie's later album  Life After Death failed to live up to the standards of this album, but then  what could. Life After Death is however, a very good album in its own  right, and still a classic. Born Again is disappointing, there are some  good tracks but the production was done after his death, so Puff Daddy has  taken the liberty of putting him with beats and artists he would never have  worked with. In my opinion Ready To Die is the best rap album of all time,  and for interest I feel Nas' Illmatic comes closest to knocking this album  of its perch, but still falls quite a way short.
0875845851|5.0|This book is a MUST READ. Unlike many business books in which ideas come out of thin air, this one is grounded in rock solid research. If you get this book, make sure you also read the author's article in the March 2000  Harvard Business Review. Key Lesson of this book: The most unexpected  sources of trouble a perfect customer centric company are precisely those  customer-centric mentalities. Every page of this book is worth the twenty  something dollars. If you miss reading this one, you are missing out on  some of the fundamental ideas that will shape the new economy. Beg, borrow  (from your library), or steal...but do read this one! The last few pages  are however filled with numerous statistics that do not necessarily fit in  a more practioner oriented book like this.
B00000163G|3.0|This is an album with some very good songs and some very bad songs, which pretty much sums up 2Pac. If the best songs had been put on one CD then it would have warranted 4 and a half stars but there are too many bad tracks.  One of the main reasons for this is 2Pac's emphasis on promoting other  artists. Picture Me Rollin is a great song but ruined by the Outlawz. If  you want the greatest album of all time buy Ready To Die
B000001ESP|5.0|This album, along with Rush's previous release Permanent Waves, rank with albums like Led Zeppelin IV and Sgt. Peppers as truly great rock albums.  The first four songs of Moving Pictures are an absolute tour de force, with  a primal energy that pounds through complex arrangements.  The technical  skills of all three musicians are showcased:  many are aware of Neil  Peart's prowess on percussion and Geddy Lee's outstanding bass playing, but  be prepared for Alex Lifeson's energetic rhythms, fluid tones, and  electrifying solos on guitar.  Rush have made a lot of great music, but  everything came together on this album.  Buy it already!
B00000DLUV|5.0|I bought this CD immediately after seeing them in concert in Buenos Aires, to have the chance to live again and again one of the most touching experiences in my life. Brothers Gibb have always been part of it, and I  never had thought they could come down here. I love the medley that  includes many of the most pop songs ever composed, and I enjoy listening  once more to the disco songs. Barry, Mo and Robin are still the best!
630264366X|4.0|THE SCARLET AND THE BLACK, at 2 1/2 hours, drags in places, but it's well worth getting for Gregory Peck's excellent performance.  And, while I agree with ebrauer's comments that the film doesn't give Pius XII enough credit,  it's not primarily about Pius.  It still manages to go a long way toward  refuting the lies of anti-Catholics who claim the Vatican SUPPORTED Hitler  in World War II.  Nothing could be further from the truth and the  filmmakers are to be commended for telling this story, and showing the true  contrast between Catholic and Nazi values -- a gulf that is as wide as that  between heaven and hell.
B000002GAF|5.0|Want a killer CD that defies description?  I first had this as a tape in college and made my parents (musicians, not easily impressed) sit in my Cutlass Supreme while I blared this for all it was worth.  Even my dad,  record producer, writer of some major hits, musician, couldn't say anything  bad about it...all he could say, was &quot;wow&quot;.  It has classics (I  just want to stop), but it also has some of the best up tempo jazz you  might ever hear.  The real magic of this CD is the rythym section, which  defies description.  Whether we're talking the percussion on &quot;The  River Must Flow&quot; or various bass solos, this is truly a masterpiece.
0440219078|4.0|This book was a real thought provker. The futuristic society Lowry portrays has tons of rules and regulations that cripple the average persons imagination and lust for change.  The story is excelent and the points  brought up can really change one's preception on society.
6305750750|5.0|This movie really satisfied my Star Wars craving! There are a lot of references to the first three that nonfanatics may not understand. I thought the  plot was wonderful.  When the senator says he will watch  Anakin very closely...could that really be the emperor? And the special  effects were incredible, which doesn't even need to be said.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Maria Maria she remind of Santanas worst album singing with wyclef and all the horrible artist of today.I am suprised there aint any duets with 98 degrees
B000002KIE|1.0|From the first sound of goose-stepping to the last faux fart, Never Mind the Bollocks is a homogenous, shallow, stagnant pond of infantile chord progressions, inane lyrics, and prissy snarling.  If their pimp/haberdasher  Malcolm McLaren really believed in the punk ethic he would have picked up a  guitar and started playing himself, and if the losers in the band believed  in punk they would never have let themselves be managed by the Big Mac. The  Sex Pistols were McLaren's tin-eared interpretation of punk rock's real  soundtrack as performed by MC5, Iggy, &amp; the Dolls.  Punk rock can be  bitter tonic sometimes, but it's music, it's invigorating, it's liberating  and it's not the Sex Pistols or this stupid album.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie will become a classic, kind of like Porkies only funnier.  It is one you could watch again and again and always laugh.  There are some gross parts, but is a great movie.
630575067X|5.0|...when we saw the first trilogy. As we got older, our tastes became more sophisticated. No wonder so many people were disappointed with The Phantom Menace! They expected Lucas would provide another mind-blowing experience  -- even though we knew what to expect.<br />But Phantom follows the same basic  path that all hero stories follow -- the hero discovered, the hero defined,  and then, one of two results: the hero triumphant or the hero destroyed.  Luke was triumphant, whereas Anakin will be destroyed. There won't be much  variation on the theme itself. <br />The main complaint I've heard, though, is  that the movie is &quot;goofy,&quot; being oriented toward kids! Hilarious,  because this presumes that the first trilogy was not -- despite the goofy  robots, the spirit of good versus evil, the mass marketing of toys, etc.,  that followed. Growing up with a movie makes all the difference, I  suppose.<br />In the end, Phantom is pure Star Wars. The heroic struggle  against insidious forces, the beautiful arrangement of effects that blows  your mind away, the pure escapism from EVERYTHING to do with everyday life  -- it's wonderful. I recommend that, before you watch the flick, you try to  recapture a sense of wonder that we all had as children, leave behind the  sophistication that kids never possess, and immerse yourself in the story.  You'll be surprised.
B000002H33|4.0|Master of puppets is a great album of mainstream metal. this album has well on going riffs and meaning full lyrics to hype your attenition. the talent of this band is well shown on this album and is a definate mark of  new beginings. The title track and welcome home santitarium are only some  of the best songs on the album. If you like metal or you are intrested in  knowing metal or metallica this is a good album to buy.
0792139771|5.0|To sum up this movie when I went to see this film at the cinema it got a standing ovation at the end from everyone including the cinema attendants.  Mel struck a cord in my heart that I didn`t know existed.  The bloody  battles and heart-rendering speaches reached deep down into my soul.  At  the end when Wallace cried out &quot;Freedom&quot; as he was being executed  I felt the coldest tear run down my now stricken face.  Pride summed it all  up.  THE FILM IS MAGNIFICENT !
630575067X|5.0|StarWars by far is the best trilogy ever made and if you want to understand the trilogy better you have to understand the past. Therefore The Phantom Menace is a must. If you don't like it don't whine about it  becasue it is a good movie, I agree not the best but the effects are  top-notch.
B000002P2W|4.0|I bought this album shortly after it came out and then saw the group in Kansas City. They put on a great show; they were still a great live band in '75. But I still remember those long ago first impressions of this album.  <br />&quot;Wow! Where's the synthesizers?&quot; &quot;Wow! Where's the  humor?..except for Squeeze Box.&quot; &quot;Wow! Townshend really plays  some great lead guitar.&quot; &quot;Wow! The production of this album is  really muddy.&quot;<br />I still pretty much feel the same way about this  record. The mix is still pretty muddy, even with the remastering. Most of  the songs are morose, but reveal an introspection in Pete's writing that  would, from then on, serve him very well, particularly on the excellent  'Empty Glass'. Nicky Hopkins' eloquent piano figures replace the synth  parts that defined 'Who's Next' and Quadrophenia, and create a starkness  that matches the lyrics very well. <br />Maybe it's partly the production, but  the band sounds a little burned out on this record. Released at a time when  Townshend didn't really know what direction to take the band, or if the  band even still had a reason to exist, it's actually surprising that the  record is as good as it is. Also, recording sessions were very difficult,  with many fights and Keith many times being to drunk or otherwise out of it  to do the drum parts. The group's/Townshend's problems didn't end with this  album either. It took the band (Townshend) another three years to create a  follow up this album, and then it was with the mediocre 'Who Are  You'.<br />I'm a big Who/Townshend fan, but this would not be a &quot;desert  isle&quot; disc.  On the other hand, since I don't plan on being marrooned  in the near future, I'm happy to have this in my collection, thank you very  much.
B0000046KM|5.0|Shirley's deliberate, subtle and silky vocals, her unique restraint on the piano - combined with Johnny Mandel's wonderful orchestration make this her best recording to date. A perfect piece to unwind to after a long day at  work, soothing background music while entertaining or just sitting alone  and contemplating.  This album has it all.  She particularly shines with  &quot;Quietly There,&quot; &quot;How Am I To Know?&quot; and the hantingly  beautiful &quot;Summer&quot; (Estate).  I've been a diehard fan since  seeing Shirley live in Oakland and Seattle, and once you're hooked by her  &quot;less is best&quot; style of vocals, you're a lifetime fan!  Good news  to fans who loved 'Here's To Life':  Another vocal and strings effort is in  the works. I'll be the FIRST to order it!
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is just what you need when you are confused, uunsatisfied, or just in the mood for a good book.  It reveals all that we need to know about being human, from greed to family to culture.  You can  feel Morrie's radient spirit and sharp intellect shine through the pages.   It is definately a page turner (no punn intended)  It will make you  &quot;laugh, cry, and read it again and again&quot;  Morrie's opinions on  death reveal what is really wrong with the way that we think about passing  away in our society.  You should talk about it, accept it.  As he says,  &quot;everyone knows they're going to die, but no one beleives it&quot;   Morrie has touched me, by opening doors to things i had never even thought  of.  I loved this book!
6302973724|5.0|This is truly Depeche Mode at their very best. The best of the old and the best of the new. These guys are truly awesome!
630330608X|5.0|This video will leave a lump in your throat and a smile on your face at the same time.  Gould carries the viewer through the whole range of human emotions in about 45 minutes. He is the rare pianist that has both a  staggering technical facility and a an incredible emotional depth.  His  talent easily encompasses the unusual technical and emotional  juxtapositions of the Goldberg Variations.  One moment the listener may be  plunged into the darkness and despair of a variation like the Canone alla  Quinta, or the 21st variation, and then, suddenly is brought back to  light-heartedness and joy.  Watching Gould make these transitions work is a  touching experience, and his love for the music is obvious (although he  said he hated the 28th and 29th variations).  Listening to the music is  also enhanced by the pleasure of viewing Gould as he plays.  Some may find  his trademark fidgeting and faces an annoyance, but I think the true music  lover will simply see in Gould an artist completely involved in a music  that he obviously cherishes.  A unique and beautiful experience for any  music lover.
0393317552|3.0|I am not a professional historian, as the author is, but i found his book a bit eurocentric. He ignores important achievements of new world civilizations and focuses on the developments of early europeans  civilizations in the fertile crescent. He seems to emphasiz the lack of  european cultural tools in non-european cultures! Always, the european way  seems to be better in his view.<br />He never mentions the quipu, the Incan  record keeping tool that may also have been used as a primitive form of  &quot;writing&quot;.<br />He ignores the development of the boomerang in  Australia, and downplays the great New World civilizations such as the  Anasazi, the Inca, Tiwanaku, the Maya, Aztec, and many others.<br />The book  is a bit dated also-in the intro he discusses early man in the Americas and  dismisses the evidence from Monte Verde, which has recently been supported  by the discovery of other ancient early american remains such as the Spirit  Cave remains, the infamous Kennewick man, and sites in argentina, and  brazil of similar ages. Finally, rather than exploring the reasons why  other cultures didnt develop civilizations like the europeans, why not  discuss the directions of their civilizations? Given more time and less  interaction with europeans, would the Cherokee, the Aztecs, the Tlingit,  and many other groups headed for the same pattern as european cultures?  What directions were their cultures heading when they came into contact  with european invaders?<br />I'd like to see a more indepth scientific  discussion of this interesting topic rather than glossing over important  details.
0767824571|1.0|Seriously though, having to give a review among so many people who have already given it the five stars it deserves, if I had given it five, no one would ever read my review so I gave it a one just to attract some  attention.  :) This movie is wonderful.  I have seen it at least (in 100%  pure honesty) over 100 times.  Thus meaning that I have spent at least two  full months of my life watching this film!  (Unconsecutively of course)  It  is wonderful!  So many lines my friends and I use in our every day speech  and so many times I've become FURIOUS at those who quote the masterpiece  incorrectly. I can recite the film almost word for word!  I mean, it's that  good and that worth watching over and over again!  And the cool thing about  Holy Grail is that it gets funnier every time you watch it!  You always  catch something new!  Fantastic!  <br />  The first time I ever watched it, I  laughed so incredibely hard that I rewinded it immediately after it got  done and watched it again.  (I actually ended up watching it four times in  a row before I got to tired and went to bed.)  The next morning I got up  and watched it again before my mom took it back to the rental store.  After  that, my friends and I rented it at every birthday party (didn't matter  who's), every get together, and any other time we had an excuse to.   Finally, about a year ago, I bought it (THX Widescreen) and it's even  better.  At camp, one time we acted out the entire witch scene for our  comedian play night and had the audience roaring.  It was a great offering  to the masterpiece. Fantastic movie.  <br /> Rent it.  Do it.  Do it now.
B0000025LS|5.0|It's unfortunate that Santana is finally getting acclaim for what's essentially a mediocre CD (in terms of his earlier work), i.e. &quot;Supernatural.&quot; &quot;Zebop!&quot; is, on the other hand, one of  his most overlooked albums. The instrumental work here is very strong, and  the quality of the tracks is unbeatable--it's definitely one of those  albums you can listen to all the way through and then keep on playing it  over and over again. What's interesting here is that Santana definitely  moved away from some of the styles which he trademarked in his early, and  excellent, albums like &quot;Abraxas&quot; and &quot;Caravanserai&quot;  without resorting to bland top-40 style cliches. &quot;Zebop!&quot; is  definitely among my top 3 or 4 favorite Santana albums.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This recording is a prime example of why these guys will be around long after so many other musicians from their genre fade away. My two favorites are &quot;One&quot; and &quot;Devil's Dance&quot;, but there really isn't a  single bad song in the collection.<br />Every time I listen to this, I am  blown away by the sheer genius of it and I think how great it is that we  have musicians out there who are willing to experiment and take risks and  still come out on top.  The hype about Metallica &quot;selling out&quot; is  nothing more than a hand full of people who refuse to grown up and change.   Thankfully, they are the minority.  <br />Also, if you appreciate change and  are not one of those one-dimensional fans who demand that musicians put out  the same sound with every new release, then check out the newer stuff by  Megadeth.  It's still true to its roots, but like the band, it's  matured.<br />P.S.  I am really curious about Pantera's new release.  Are they  capable of growing up gracefully?
B00004LN16|1.0|Brian Johnson definitely lost the few ammount of vocals he had. Phil Rudd is playing lousy drums, it sucks. Face the truth: AC/DC is gone since &quot;FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK&quot;, their last great album. Youll be  dissapointed listening to this, after 4 years without recording one would  think they would come back better, but thats not the case...
0920668372|5.0|I first read this lovely book in 1988 when my 4th daughter was born.  The book stayed with us for many years and was read many times.  It became a favorite.  And the words I'll love you forever, I'll love you for always  echoed through our home for many small child years.  That daughter grew and  she grew and she grew and the book grew old.  The book was lost or tossed  as many old books are.  Now as that daughter prepares to turn 12, I think  it is time to share this special book with her again.  Then maybe again  before she marries and again before she has her own child.  This is a book  for mothers and children of all ages. Enjoy
6305750750|3.0|Although I will admit I was rather dissapointed with the movie, being a STARWARS fan, one's duty is to find good in flaws, so....according to divine rebel order comanded, I did. LIGHTSABER BATTLES and PODRACES saved  the movie for me....at least the second time I saw it in the movie theatre.  Anyway, I strongly believe that the trilogy is a million times better than  this lame introduction to the series.<br />Nevertheless, I do recommend to any  &quot;anti starwars fan&quot; to keep a good 100m from any cinema playing  the movie so as to avoid any mishap.
0064400018|5.0|This book is a masterpiece. It tells how hard life was in the Big Woods but also how wondeful life was at the end of the day. My favorite part was the dance at Grandpa's. I wish I could have been there during that time.
B000023VR6|5.0|Noone can ever be as good as our man Dr. Dre sure eminem is awsome but Dr. Dre started it all I recomend his song forgot about Dre. Didn't we all some how forget about dre? Well he is telling you &quot; Hey! Im still here and  im not going to go anywhere without showing you my talent that you all seem  to forgot I have.&quot; This is one of his best cd and I am telling you  this now......If you dont buy this cd you are missing out on some good  tunes!
0783225970|5.0|This is the first DVD I ever purchased - in fact, I bought it months before I could even play it. As always, it's a masterpiece. The video and audio are great, although not necessarily the best ever. The Making Of  documentary is very informative, and so are the other extras. The  navigation is a little weak - it took forever to find the tons of  photographs. I wish, though, that they would have included the extra  footage found in the televised version. This is arguably Al Pacino's best  role, and a must-have for any fan of Pacino or the genre!
0375703764|5.0|Yeeeeeesh. . . .watch out if &quot;House&quot; catches on . . . you'll never hear the end of it . . .<br />See, if the people that scripted The Blair Witch Project had an ounce of cerebral fortitude and imagination, they  would have made it like this sprawling work of art and not the annoying  Real World arguefest that it was.  <br />No doubt studios indie and major will  be beating down Pantheon's door quickly, as this &quot;film&quot; about a  house that's a quaint colonial on the outside, but defies physical and  spatial logic on the inside, slowly expanding to a blackened, directionless  maze that would make the Winchester Mansion seem like the Unabomber's shack  in comparison, BEGS for the Industrial Light and Magic treatment (which, by  the way, gets a mention in the footnotes) that usually translates into big  box-office numbers.  Tell you what, I'd watch it.  A movie with this much  originality going for it would probably give the horror genre the kick that  it desperately needs.<br />The novel's maniacal complexity, horizontal,  vertical and flat-out book-shifting footnotes (where the print turns  upside-down, referential and mirrored to personify the labyrinthene  complexity of the home's  . . well . . expansive interior) and  poetry-scrapbook layout assures it of never making Oprahs Mainstream Book  Club anytime soon (thank GOD). Johnny Truant's acidic narrative of the old  blind man's story serves it's purpose as a witty readers guide to the  Navidson Record, a grandiose account of building structure, photography,  death and the darkness of the human condition.  <br />Inevitable Pynchon and  Foster Wallace comparisons will sprout up due to the book's length and  cavernous depth, but with all of it's mountainous textuals and encyclopedic  assault, I surprisingly found House of Leaves to be quite a smooth and easy  read (I read it in two days). Unlike Gravity's Rainbow and Infinite Jest,  which pound you into submission from Chapter One (that's not to sayit's a  BAD thing), House actually places emphasis on plot and narrative over the  prosaic self-indulgence typical of experimental post-modern fiction.  The  story itself is very reminiscent of &quot;The Tunnel&quot; by William Gass,  only this time the house does the &quot;digging&quot; and not the author.  <br />I kind of disagree with Easton-Ellis's back-cover comment about the book  &quot;rendering most fiction worthless&quot;, since I've been reading books  like this for years.  But a big hats off to Danielewsi, who sets a new  post-modern standard for new authors (and their word-processing programs),  and for revitalizing a stagnant genre once and for all.
079073804X|5.0|I hadn't seen The Exorcist in years, and bought it on DVD since it was a classic. Turns out, this is the best DVD in my small but growing collection! The picture is beautiful, and the sound is awesome. Besides the  brilliant movie itself, the extras go above and beyond with this set. TWO  commentary tracks (one by the director, and one by the  author/screenwriter), interviews, The Making Of which is very insightful,  storyboards,... there is so much it takes both sides of the disc! You will  not be disappointed by this title - especially for the price! You will get  many hours of enjoyment from this; especially if it scares you!
6305603847|5.0|It had been a long, long time since I watched this movie (at least from beginning to end).  It brought back so many memories, good and bad, of growing up, listening to music, especially music like this that formed so  many of my opinions on life (gee, thanks Roger).<br />The whole &quot;Hey  You&quot; and &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky&quot; sequences are brilliant, filling  me with buried emotions. As did &quot;Vera/Bring the Boys Back Home&quot;,  which in my opinion is the pentacle of Roger Waters power as a songwriter  (that's my opinion).  I also love the scene where young &quot;Pink&quot;  takes bullets of his father's and places them on the railroad tracks.   <br />There are several tidbits of goodies here, as well.  For instance, did  anybody else out there catch &quot;Pink&quot; reading poems that were  actually lyrics found later in &quot;The Final Cut&quot; and &quot;The Pros  and Cons...&quot;?  Or, does anybody else actually know who Vera Lynn is?   I do.  I actually researched it in high school (very sad).  <br />Finally, I  rented this movie on numerous occasions just to hear &quot;When the Tigers  Broke Free&quot; and the longer, better version of &quot;Empty Spaces&quot;  (both songs are written in the sheet music book &quot;The Wall&quot; that I  have).  &quot;Tigers&quot; is such a good song, wow.  <br />I hope this will  review will at least let other Pink Floyd fans, old and new, know they  aren't the only ones out there who need to get a life.
0790729350|3.0|A great introduction for those who missed out (like I did), but not so much a documentary or a concert. I supposed it is very difficult to fit 3 days into the time alloted, but it's oftentimes very difficult to watch as  some songs are cut short... the cameramen can't find the subject they're  shooting... the filmmakers often focus on mundane topics rather than  grabbing the full excitement of the event. Don't get me wrong - it's a  great piece of history - it just doesn't seem to capture the best of it,  IMHO.
B000031XCR|5.0|I was also glad I waited for this CD to buy Celine Dion.   I love the whole thing and the sound is wonderful.  If you like Celine, this is the CD to buy.
6304708521|1.0|Don't get me wrong - I love the Beatles more than anyone. My comments are more about the DVD than the movie itself (which is still pretty bad, but, they were wasted). The company who made this DVD did a terrible job. The  video is &quot;dirty&quot; and full of &quot;short hairs.&quot; It looks  worse than a VHS tape played 100 times. Don't make this your first Beatles  video purchase; make it your last. And don't knock me because I think it  sucks - I'm telling the truth.
630280082X|3.0|I liked this film mostly for its superb music. The story is really just a remake of the &quot;Karate Kid&quot; and rather weak at that. Maccino as Eugene is clearly too young and he is not up to the dialogue. But the  music, oh boy. Made me want to go out and buy lots and lots of the original  titles. Which is a bit difficult since I am in germany. Can someone provide  me with the discography?
0783803958|5.0|This story is about a unicorn who thinks man is worng when they say she is the last. So one night she sets off to find the other of her kind. One the way she meets a magition and a witch that keep her captive untill the  magition stes her free.One the way to King Hagereds castle the meet molly  who helps them find the way there.One night when they where sleeping a red  light light wakes them up .When the light gets closer they find out that it  is the red bull who is out to get her. The red bull chases her the way he  chased the others to the water. The magition works up a spell to get her  out of the sisuation and he turns her into a girl. They make the way to the  castle to find the red bull . One night they skeleton help them find a way  to the red bulls layer . They follow what he says and they see the red bull  and it chasses the unicorn girl to the dead end of the cave, the magition  works up another spell to turn her back in to a unicorn. The red bull  chases her out of the cave but then the unicorn turns and chases the bull  to the water where he goes in and the unicorns in the water are  free!  i think this book is good to read because of  how the atuor puts how unicorn got in to the water and just the plot of it.  What i dont like about this book is how the witch caches her other wise  this is a pretty darn good book!
630529142X|5.0|this was my first dvd and was worth every penny
0553296981|5.0|Anne Frank was a beautiful book.  This book had many meanings.  It taught me never to judge people. I think that the most beautiful and meaningful quote is &quot;I still believe, in spite of everythig, that people are  really good at heart.&quot;  Anne went through lives wondering if this was  the day, she would be found.  Any normal teen could not stand to sit  still all day with out being able to go out side and enjoy the beautiful  fresh air.  Anne was not able too.  Anne acheived everything she  wanted in life, she kissed Peter and created a wonderful book that touched  the life of millions.  All because Anne was a girl that wouldn't give up.  Shes the kind of girl that the world needs, someone that cares about more  then her self and makes the best out of the worst.  Please sit down and  enjoy this book you will really be touched.  Tara Callahan, age 13
0374384576|5.0|I am 11 and I loved this book. Its one of the best I have read in a while. I got scared the first time I tried to read it
6305308659|5.0|This is a remarkable film. well acted great story telling . overall a great feel good film. well worth the money if your planing on buying it. even the soundtrack and soundscore are worth buying.
B000002HPV|2.0|I even have a limited edition digipak of this album, but I am really unhappy with it. After &quot;Post&quot; (one of the most important albums of the '90s), my expectations probably were too high, but I think  &quot;Homogenic&quot; is one of Bjork's worst efforts. This arty project  collapses in a heap of extravaganzas, pretentions, and lax song ideas.  Despite the participation of Mark Bell (he once was a member of a  groundbreaking British techno duo called LFO, releasing two innovative  albums, &quot;Frequencies&quot; and &quot;Advance&quot;), it's unbelievable  how plastic und ugly the techno beats sound. The orchestral arrangements  are sometimes very whiny, and besides, this album completely lacks the  sonic diversity of &quot;Post&quot;. It's just one big mush of uninspired  techno beats, affected vocals, and lame neoclassical tendencies. Even the  remix collection &quot;Telegram&quot; was better. There's only one really  good song here: &quot;Joga&quot;, and its accompanying video clip is  fantastic. Apart from this song, &quot;Homogenic&quot; is a waste of time.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|The bravest film Kubrick made since savagely ridiculing our military leaders at the height of the Cold War in &quot;Dr. Strangelove.&quot;  Here, Kubrick made a leisurely, indirect, adult and understated film after  20 years of increasingly loud, frantic, hamfisted, overstated and puerile  Hollywood product.  The pace is that of life, not most movies (I'll bet few  who found this film slow could sit through most films by Antonioni or  Bertolucci).  Kubrick's visuals are elegant rather than glitzy,  eye-pleasing rather than like being poked in the eye for 2 hours.  The  soundtrack is selective, whereas most other directors don't know when to  quit with the Foley dubbing, as if all possible sounds are equally loud and  equally important (slurps, gulps, gunshots).  Points are made plain for  those with eyes to see and ears to hear, where most films overstate  everything, to the point that nothing could be missed by the most obtuse  5-year-old and many adults now expect their thinking done for them.  Kubrick trusts us to recognize evil in comfortable and friendly  surroundings, where most films portray evil in the most primitive and  obvious terms.  Note how many critics and reviewers think Sydney Pollack's  final &quot;explanation&quot; ruins everything: &quot;thuddingly obvious  exposition at the end is maybe the worst (and most superfluous) of its kind  ever filmed. It extinguishes whatever magic or eeriness was left. And you  can't believe Tom is so stupid not to have figured these things out on his  own.&quot;  Nothing could be more wrong!  This comfy, avuncular man with  the billiard table and generous liquor is EVIL, friends!  Time magazine got  it: &quot;bottomlessly evil&quot;!  He has sex in the john with an  overdosed hooker with his wife in the house; he has the musician beaten up  and kidnapped, adding &quot;That's a hell of a lot less than what he  deserved&quot;; he terrorizes his friends and has them under surveillance;  he contemptuously dismisses the dead hooker as if she were trash.  If  that's not enough, his billiard table is RED, not green -- a thuddingly  obvious warning, but not obvious enough for some people.  WHO BELIEVED HIS  EXPLANATION FOR A MINUTE?  My wife and I shuddered!  The atmosphere of  dread DEEPENED for us.  If Pollack's story is &quot;obvious&quot; to Tom,  it's because he wants to believe what he sees and hears -- he doesn't  bother verifying anything with the police, as Pollack knows he won't.  His  eyes are wide shut.  So are those of anyone who thought the dark cloud had  lifted.  You were fooled like Tom was!  One person at a Kubrick site  thought he'd spotted a continuity error: the woman with the mask had  different nipples than the addict hooker.  This man obviously missed the  big black headdress that went with the mask, atop Tom's refrigerator when  he finally made it home.  I could go on.  The film was planned down to the  tiniest detail, sustaining symbolic unity through everything from street  signs to washrags.  Alas, unnoticed by many people.  If some here can't  articulate more than that it was &quot;dreamlike&quot;, it's because the  meaning isn't in what's obvious; meaning is too threatening to the dreamer  and the mind masks it.  The film is dreamy less in mood than in its LOGIC,  where Tom's every impending sexual encounter is a brush alongside death or  danger and is interrupted, as in a dream; where the woman in the mask can  be his wife Nicole (who is also home in bed), saving him once again rather  than deserting him and their daughter, as she once considered.  For music  lovers, the password &quot;Fidelio&quot; reinforces it: Fidelio was a woman  who had to use disguise to free her man from prison.  Is all this too  subtle for you?  The title gives it away: our eyes are wide shut when we're  fantasizing (Nicole) or dreaming (Tom).  The film is a Moebius strip of  obsession and fear, where being abandoned by a hypothetically faithless  wife is more terrible than the manipulative friendship of a philandering  killer.  Baffled viewers, your mental pocket was picked by a master, and  you don't even know what you lost.  Open your eyes and try again!manipulative friendship of a philandering  killer.  Baffled viewers, your mental pocket was picked by a master, and  you don't even know what you lost.  Open your eyes and try again!
B00000AD94|2.0|The guys in Spock's Beard are highly talented musicians, but their song writing is weak at times. The lyrics on this album are some of the worst I've ever heard - &quot;My name is Senor Velasco, I drink my milk with  tabasco&quot;. What!  Before buying this album I bought Kindness of  Strangers and Beware of Darkness, two albums I was impressed with, but this  CD disappointed me. If you've never heard Spock's Beard before and you want  to get into them, I recommend Beware of Darkness. Also, if you don't care  about lyrics then you'd probably like this album because it is superb  instrumentally.
6304316267|3.0|Okay, so I first saw this film at the age of 10, and we all know that a 10 year old is easier to please than an adult. However, I still love this film now (15 years later!), and not just for the fast cars and all-star cast. Of  course the plot is almost non-existent but who cares? It's refreshing to  see a film which doesn't take itself too seriously (a point that Dr  Popinofsky seems to have missed in his review). It's called fun, Doc.  F-U-N. If we're not allowed a bit of pointless fun from time to time what's  the point of even getting out of bed in the morning? <br />I accept it's  probably not to everybody's taste but it still makes me giggle!
B000002542|5.0|When ever I hear some Journey on the *classic* rock stations, they always play the Steve Perry version.  I do like Steve Perry, however when I thing of Journey, I think of their first LP.  Every track is great, hearing  tracks like Topaz and others take me back 25 years.  The music is still as  cutting and fresh now as it was then.  This is a must have for anyone who  appriciates Rock/Jazz fusion at it's best.  The LP came out  about the same  time as Jeff Beck came out with  Wired and Blow by Blow.  LP's such as  these define the state of music of the mid-seventies.  And a very fine  state it was in.
0446525537|5.0|A Walk to Remember is by far the best book I've read in a while.  It moves quickly, as you watch a friendship,and romance bloom all at once.  I enjoyed this book more than I did A Message in a Bottle.  It was a great  book!
B000005DQR|5.0|This is a very special album.  And although it's probably destined never to be the giant success it should have been, that's our gain and the outsiders' loss.  A lot of people think samplers are cheats, using other  people's material for their gain.  This is the album that will silence them  all.  Shadow uses samples as they should be used - as a catalyst for the  creation of something new.  As Shadow himself says, the music is coming  through him, and the result is startlingly original, and masterful in every  way.
B000031XCR|5.0|I love Celine Dion's voice, and being able to listen to some of her biggest hits, and some of her newest songs all on one CD is great!  It's too bad that she won't be recording again for awhile, but everyone needs a  break.  With this CD, she's going out with a bang!
0944092705|4.0|This is a beautiful book, and those familiar with the photographer's work over the years will recognize his visual flair for color and love of the mystery in commonplace objects. In response to the previous reviewer, who  was disappointed with the quality of image reproduction, I think the  problem lies in the aging of the source negatives and/or  transparencies...the sad but inevitable changes wrought by time. Twin Palms  has done a fine job with this volume of early work by a master  photogarapher.
B000002BBY|5.0|Out of the 4 albums the boys have put together, this is still their best by far. Along with Primal Scream's _Screamadelica_, My Bloody Valentine's _Loveless_ and The Stone Roses' debut, _Morning Glory_ has secured a place  among the contemporary UK greats.
6305662282|5.0|The elements that went into the making of Michael Curtiz' masterpiece were as coincidental as they were inspired, with rewrites taking place almost daily, it seems that more care was put into this film on the Warners  assembly line then many  others with more potential.  Bogart choosing  &quot;The needs of the many over the desires of the few&quot; defined the  spirit of the day.  The reality of WW11 adding to the suspense makes this  the finest Hollywood motion picture of all time.   It almost makes me long  to have been alive during that period when our nation was more  humbled,  unified, and perhaps more truly American then at any time before or since.
B00000K3D4|5.0|I was so thrilled to finally see the rerelease of this movie.  I thought it would never happen.  For a long time, I had to watch an old taped copy of it.  When it came out,  I bought two copies just in case something would  happen to one of them.  David Bowie is awesome in this movie, and it is a  great movie for anyone to watch.
B00004LN16|3.0|This is a very typical ACDC album of the last fifteen years or so.  Nothing to compare to the Bon Scott era or the Back In Black/ For Those About to Rock albums, but even at their worst this damn band is still  better than anybody else -Metallica included.  These guys are the kings,  even if their songs are repetitive, lyrics dumb, and Angus' solos nothing  fancy.  This isn't a great album by their own high standards, but in this  day and age of post-grunge pseudo-rock, ACDC still delivers with an honest  Rock n Roll edge. There is a reason these guys have been around since 1973,  and it's because of their simple yet rocking style.  It's timeless. The  last song Give It Up has a classic ACDC feel to it.  If you're a diehard,  add it to your collection.  It's no Back in Black, but hey, what is?
0684803356|5.0|Ernest Hemingway is really good in making his story easy to read and understand. The way he writes makes everything simple. Also, his storyline is very clear but the image he is portraying in the story is very complex  and interesting. He describes everything in a manner that you get the clear  image but at the same time not bore you reading a description of for  example a road. Unlike Charles Dickens, Ernest Hemingway is really good  with descriptive sentence. Hemingway also excels in letting the reader  decide  for himself teh outcome of the story or how a character will od in  a situation by during the course of the book he inserts certain images or  otehr character's decision in a given situation and how they reacted. He  covered a wide array of ideas from love, war, human relationship, death,  and independence while remaining focused on his plot. His plot is very  simple and clear but he also has the kind of themes that goes deeper to a  point that it tackles human behavior itself. For Whom the Bell Tolls is a  really good reading. It is good for any age but the subject matter ranging  from passion and death might not work well with younger kids. In all,  Hemingway's For Whome the Bell Tolls displayed clearly the life of people  while they are at war but at the same time he is ble to show the emotions  and experiences that humans go through while they traverse the hard life of  WAR.
0449227421|5.0|Ken Follet is one of my favourite writers..... It's my first book whom Ken follet written have i read.In this book,there are many interseting scene and has a very important means for humanity. It seems teach us in order to  receive what had GOD given and don't ever change anything in this world.  The clonning system may be makes us get a better generation than present,  but it would be a very difficult problem for humanity, as we know, there  are so many,many nations in this world, so we have'nt a power to control a  live at all. This book tells us how a secret experiment had done during the  war that wants to create a perfect human for military 0nly without notices  effects what could be happened in the future. So, eight new human species  had born, each others have many different characteristics although their  face were nearly amazing same. The twins of them,really was used by someone  of them to do a criminal with a smart alibi.I say that it is a high-tech  science in humanity, but it is a way to make a war with GOD, you  know,......isn't it?  However, this book is very good and special for us  to open our visions to apreciate our live.
B00003CX95|4.0|Braveheart is a good movie. It is not factual, it does not follow any proper timeline and it can drag.  Many of the one star reviews have stated that Freud would have a field day with big men sticking each other with  really big swords. Well the point of a big sword is to kill somebody very  quickly. One has to wonder what those that comment about big swords are  thinking.  Yes Edwards son is shown in a very un-flatering light. You can  not cast modern values about homosexuality on a movie losely set in  medieval England. Purchase Braveheart, enjoy but dont look for the bogeyman  behind every sentence or scene.
0671027344|5.0|Stephen Chbosky's The Perks of Being a Wallflower may have been the most interesting and entertaining book which I have ever read.  Keep in mind that I am a teenager whose favorite thing to do is certainly not reading.  However, once I started this book, I could not stop.  I was through every  page in no time.          Chbosky's book deals with a teenager named  Charlie who has just entered High School.  The book is written in the form  of letters to an unknown friend that Charlie uses as his own sort of diary.   He holds back no experience no matter how vulgar, personal, or strange.           Charlie is not your average teenager, however.  He is an emotionally  withdrawn child, due to his past.  His best friend Michael committed  suicide about two years before the time when his letters were written.  His  Aunt Helen also was killed in a car accident when he was six, while she was  on her way to get Charlie a birthday present.  He now has a lot of trouble  expressing himself and reaching out.       We see how Charlie gets through  his trouble with emotions, as well as how he grows through the story.  He  learns first to reach out to his two friends who whom he meets.  They are  the first people ever to accept him.  They take him through life and show  him new things.  He experiences drugs, girls, violence, sex, love, and all  of the other experiences of growing up.      The story is asy to read and  relate to, and i guaruntee you will like it.  Anyone old enough to deal  with sex and such things, and whom is not offended by it, should read it.
0792842731|5.0|This is Pierce Brosnan's best Bond movie.  It is also one of the best Bond movies, period.  I can't believe all of you people like Goldeneye and The World is Not Enough better than this.  This is the most action-packed 007  film after On Her Majesty's Secret Service and has one of the best bad  guy's ever.  Jonathan Pryce is the perfect megalomaniac.  It has the best  car chase after The Spy Who Loved Me.  I know lots of people just turned  away from it after Austin Powers, but maybe they should go back and see it  again.  It is a great action movie.
0312853238|4.0|This book, Ender's Game, is a very different book. This book is a little different that the books I'm used to read, but I still thought it was very good. Aliens that they call Buggers have almost wiped out the human  species. TWICE! now they are expecting a third. Now the government is  making a kind of superhumans. They are smarter ans stronger than the  regular human. they are called Thirds. Ender, Andrew Wiggins, is a third.   He gets picked on at school all the time. In this book you will go through  his emotions of Ender going through the traing he has to undergo for the  next invasion.
B00000G3PA|1.0|This is an extremely badly made movie. The only entertainment it provides is that you can laugh at the director's stupidity. The other comet movie (Deep Impact) is a lot better. If you have to choose one among the two, go  for Deep Impact.
0198711905|4.0|In contrast to some of the other editions of the complete works of Shakespeare, this book really is value for money. All plays (and poems, etcetera) are printed in a lavishly, pleasing way, very easy to the eye  (one of the biggest drawbacks of some editions is that they use a very  small font to keep the number of pages to a minimum). As others have  commented, not much can and should be commented on the works themselves,  they have stood the test of time, and the (normal) spelling that is used in  this edition makes each reading an enjoyable experience. All the plays are  given a brief (and somewhat succinct) introduction, which is, at best,  okay. The strange things, in this book, are, for example, the order of the  plays, the way King Lear is printed in two versions (that differ only in  small details), and the inclusion of fragments that are attributed to  Shakespeare (a bit controversial to say the least). Still, if you want to  buy a good, thorough, and well-researched edition of the complete works of  Shakespeare, you will not go far wrong with this book.
B000002AGN|5.0|I purchased this LP in 1959 while stationed in San Diego, CA with the US Marines. When I first played it, I knew it was something really special almost immediatley. I still play it and enjoyed it often, and have the  original LP in it's original cover, framed and displayed in my living  room's special &quot;music wall&quot;.
B00000IPAX|5.0|blink 182 is awesome the best songs on the cd are whats my age again and adams song. even if it costs you 17 or 18 dollars buy it, even if you have to buy the edited version still buy it. get it today
0201633612|5.0|I am the guy who learns by RUNning sample code, not just by READing the sample code. I've already got the source code from the authors, however I could not make it work. The extensions of files are .c. In code, one line  is &quot;typedef int bool;&quot;...  My VC++ compiler complained a  lot.<br />Is there anyone who knows where I can get the whole sample code and  run it? Please let me know, at zhining@dptechnology.com. Thanks!<br />I still  gave 5 stars to this book, because it is a good pattern book.
B000000FG8|5.0|Ever since I got this album, I have not been able to stop listening to it. From the ska track &quot;Bad Town&quot; to the fast-paced hardcore/punk of &quot;Vulnerabilty&quot; to the ska anthem &quot;Sound System&quot;, this  album is full of quality punk/ska. It also has just about all of Op Ivy's  material on one CD so you don't have to search everywhere for rare  material. The lyrics are usually very political and have meaning behind  them, including the anti-war &quot;Missionary&quot; and &quot;Take  Warning&quot;. Get this CD ASAP. You won't be disappointed.
0393317552|4.0|This book tries to answer a question which I am sure many of you have asked before, why did Europeans develop technology and conquer the world and other people didn't.  He answers the question completely leaving no  details out. His answer isn't a typical racist one which says the Europeans  were genetically or culturally superior but that geography, climate and  other natural elements prevented peoples who happened to be in one region  from having the same natural advantages that people from Europe and the  Fertile Cresent had.      He organizes the book in four understandable  parts.  The first one dealing with an overview of human evolution and how  we all  started out the same but as we spread out the different regions  gave some people disadvantages. The second part is about how people in the  Fertile Cresent had an advantage over everyone in domesticatable mammals  and grains and the third part is about how this food production lead to  technology.  The fourth part gives a whole overview of all the regions of  the world and how each culture developed or didn't develop technology and  the reasons for it.       The prose style is this book is easy to read and  but the subject matter for some people might get bored because sometimes  there were long tangents where the original thesis isn't relavant. These  tangents can also be a good thing because he goes on to talk about the  histories of the different regions of the world.      I recommend this book  to anyone who ever asked the question, history happen the way it happened  and someone who wants to learn about world cultures.  I don't recommend  this book someone who can't read informational books with a lot of data.    Although there were some interesting stories at the beginning of each  chapter most of it is just informational.       I would also say that the  reading level of this book is high school and above.  Although it is easy  to read, younger people might think the subject matter is boring and get  distracted from all the information that is thrown at them.       All in  all this was a great book!
B00003Q438|5.0|James Cameron's charachter driven film The Abyss:Special Editon at nearly 3 hours makes this a hole new film experience.Strong performances by Ed Harris , Michel Beihn , Mary Eliz Mastriantonio this new version will  explain much of what the theatrical version didn't.A band of oil riggers   must aid in the salvage of a sumberine down with Navy Seals joining the  expiditon.But Bud played  by (Ed Harris)must tackle his ex wife as well as   a nuclear slavage.<br />   In a sudden change of events the crew get caught in  a giant hurricane and damages there  complex.In a routine maintance check  one of the crew members finds that they are not alone in the abyss they  come in contact with a peacful alien race.But in the Special Editon we find  that they don't have to be so peaceful but that they have no choice but to  destroy us because we in turn are destroying ourselves in this incredible  and inteligent special effects powerhouse of an epic. This is what science  ficton is all about.<br />         The DVD is packed with special features  giving you the option to veiw the 21/2 hour version or the 3 hour  version.Trailers and giving you an inside glimpse at the making of this  legendary film.If you have never seen this film you will not be  dissapointed because after you see it you will not want to view it any  other way.A true epic.
B000002KHH|4.0|As follow-up albums go, 'Paranoid' was every teenage fan's and aspiring Warner Bros producer's  dream. Pound for pound, this album has had more songs lifted from it for feature on compilations than any of Sabbath's  others, with or without Ozzy. <br />  That's a pretty fair claim. 'War  Pigs\Luke's Wall' stands next to 'N.I.B.' and the signature track as the  most monumental recording the band made prior to the setting of their  metal-laced cement on 'Master of Reality'. 'War Pigs' is long, sweaty,  obese and, even if not crafted with attention to melody or aesthetics, is  very innovative in structure for 1970. Ditto for 'Iron Man', 'Electric  Funeral' and 'Hand of Doom'. In each of these you can hear how the  quartet's thirst for adventure sometimes overrode their collective ear for  tune and tone. 'Iron Man' is an undisputed classic for its savage rawness  in power but that's about all it has going for it. When you break it down,  it's a cumbersome, lumbering clunky machine that spits oil all over the  face of complex song structure. Iommi's three chords, Butler's hard finger  ride at the end and Osbourne's fantastic (yet non-spiritual and  non-occult), monotonous tirade are all there is to this number. 'Hand of  Doom', a grossly underrated track, possesses a bit more artistry than 'Iron  Man' and more compelling imagery. 'Electric Funeral' is a whining,  quasi-wah wah piece that somehow falls between these two in construction as  Iommi's very basic, shrill, whining chords and Ozzy's comic book ranting  soon give way to what sounds like an entirely different song altogether.      'Paranoid' the song is fast and (almost unbelievably) is most likely Black  Sabbath's most widely recognised tune, yet its musical value pales  horrendously when put side by side with the likes of 'Sabbath, Bloody  Sabbath'. The Sabs have repeatedly admitted that the track's conception was  an extremely haphazard affair but history has put a protective bubble  around this number, thus rendering it virtually unassailable. 'Rat Salad',  the other 'shortie' of the album consists of two and a half minutes of  Iommi, Butler and Ward knocking about a simple but very thunderous  instrumental assault on the ears and spirit.      Perhaps the best songs on  'Paranoid' are also the most awkward ones. 'Planet Caravan' is a soothing,  spacious mood piece whose dreamy texture and distorted vocals will lull the  listener into a very mellow state. Better than 'Solitude' but very much in  the same vein, this is a track which can transport you to the field next to  a gypsy encampment at nighttime, sitting, tilting back your head and gaping  at the starry Heavens. Utterly ethereal....    'Jack the Stripper\Fairies  Wear Boots' is the other diamond in the rough on here. Beginning somewhat  mellowly, it soon gives way to a full speed boogie, punctuated throughout  by tempo changes which demonstate the beginnings of Iommi's striving toward  complexity. Its ending is particularly otherworldly to listen to.          On the whole, 'Paranoid' is stuffed with tremendous early Sabbath songs and  there aren't any losers if each track is judged using a chronologically  informed ear. Still trying to find themselves fully, this Black Sabbath  lineup consisted of four young men who had no idea how to pen songs any  less simple than those which had appeared on their debut album. Given what  they had to work with and work from, they did well with 'Paranoid'. Having  said that, it's still an extremely crude work which lacks even the  showmanship of the meandering bluesy style that appeared on 'Black  Sabbath'. They had to start somewhere and this release finds them still  there. <br />   Worth keeping on a pedestal? No; 'Paranoid' is impressive only  in that it was good for its time and its creators. Raw, sludgy and feral in  places, it's striking to teenage ears and minds, but for me, going on 26  now, I've long since removed it from my music altar. Go on and get it if  you have never heard [of] it. For a metalhead, hearing this album is  comparable to learning how to walk and, in terms of overrall feel, it's  very much like looking back at Ancient Egypt from the Space Age.... <br />   ...But aren't those Pyramids just mindblowingly great!
0394720288|5.0|This is probably the best novel by Wodehouse and I enjoyed every bit of it.The ever disaster stricken Bertie and Jeeves feature in this book which has some of the memorable characters- Augustus Fink Nottle,Aunt  Dahila,Madeline Basset ( Stars-are-God's-daisy-chains ),Pop Basset and  Roderick Spode!.Bertie is sent By Aunt Dahila to pinch an 18 th century  cow-creamer and what follows is typically wodehouse material.You just can't  stop reading once you pick this book up!Wodehouse at his very best.
0684872153|5.0|This book was truely a masterpiece. Frank Mcourt wrote it with such beauty. This book changed the way I look @ life. I used to be so braty, but I after I read this book, I felt sooo lucky for what I had!
0399208534|5.0|I have been teaching 3-5 year olds for seven years, and they love this book. They ask me to read this book every day. We have made art projects to go along with it as well as food experiences. The children learn the days of the week, they learn foods that are good for you and foods that are not.  I am now doing a book project for my college class on the book. I will  continue to read this book to my children in my class as well as to my  grandchild.
0684872153|5.0|This book was truely a masterpiece. Frank Mcourt wrote it with such beauty. This book changed the way I look @ life. I used to be so braty, but I after I read this book, I felt sooo lucky for what I had!
0425170055|3.0|I think the title sums up my views here. It is a good book, but nothing spectacular. It's at it's best during the terrorist takedown scenes: these scenes are fascinating and exciting. Finding out about the men's training  is also extremely interesting. When the book is doing this, it's a  page-turner. However, the character aspect is kind of week, I never felt  that Clancy wrote very good characters. But thats okay, because that's not  what this book is about (i feel he goes way too deep into his characters in  this.)The book is also bogged down by severalt pointless waste-of-time  subplots. So, overall, a good read, but nothing special.
0345363132|5.0|I bought this book, and promptly put it on a shelf for 6 months. Feeling bored I read it. This is a brilliantly researched book, with real depth. Since reading it I have read every available work on Richard lll from  Phillipe de Commines to A.L.Rowse, and am a dedicated Richardian.One of  histories most maligined monarchs given an identity, and a humanity which   has been lacking heretofore. Buy this book and live the past
1573226521|2.0|It's telling that Alex Garland's debut novel has become a cult favorite among the same vacuous subpopulation of travelers that he spends much of this book lambasting. There's something impoverished about The Beach:  reading it fails to provide the kind of &quot;authentic experience&quot;  for which Garland's 20something characters are questing. Though I launched  into this book looking for a subtext about rootlessness and the search for  purpose among the gypsy backpackers that symbolize ALL of us GenXers, that  idea went undeveloped. No idea, no theory, undergirds this book to give it  structure or purpose. Undeveloped too are Garlands characters; they descend  into madness and their lives hang in the balance, ho hum. You can't gasp  when you don't give a damn. Finally, The Beach fails to portray a paradise  that is very compelling: the commune that is the focus of this book is more  of a tropical work camp, no one has interesting conversations or does much  save for get stoned and play Tetris, and most of the members don't seem to  get along. Though I'm two years younger than Garland, I felt that this book  was somehow aimed at a teenage audience, or for some generation coarser and  more emotionally stillborn and lobotomized than my own. Life's a beach,  indeed....
0553213105|2.0|I have read this book a number of times, and tried to like it; but; the characters lack depth. Lizzy, and to an extent Charlotte are the only two who are 3D. Jane Austen`s ideas of poverty are laughable, large house  complete with servants is not poor. Mr.Darcy great on video but passionless  in the text.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Alanis has once again proven her talent, ingenuity, and passion for her work in Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie.  At first listening, I was a little leery of her new &quot;style&quot; and found her lyrics a little too  in-depth for my understanding.  After I listened to it on repeat about 3  more times, she finally spoke to me and once again I found myself  connecting my life to her words all over again.  It's amazing how much she  can accomplish by writing just 17 songs about such ordinary thoughts that  we all have.  I found myself crying to &quot;Unsent,&quot; especially at  the part when she refers to a long-distance love that has gone somewhat  sour, as I have been in that situation.  All in all Alanis has once again  shown how individual she is, and what talent she can hold all on her own.   She will always be a winning artist in my eyes!
6304406096|1.0|never say never is almost as bad as on her majestys secret service.this poor attempt to remake thunderball is awful,no gun barrel scene in which all bond movies start out.they talk about bond being old,a diffrent  m,moneypenny,and q.blofeld is diffrent too.see thunderball.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind&quot; is probably the best album of the last decade.  From hearing Kurt Cobains screaming to Dave Grohl's drumming to Krist Novoselic's bass playing, this album is sure to blow you away.  It is  a pure adreneline rush listening to the album.  A must have for any CD  collection.
0553277472|5.0|Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is, primarily, nothing less than an explanation of the actual nature of the process of a sentient entity interacting with physical reality.  Within the book, Mr. Pirsig  &quot;labels&quot; this process as Quality.<br />To understand this work's  breadth, interlace the above with an impossibly frank and human  self-examining account of a lost father, tenderly cradling the damaged mind  of his son, on a cross-America motorcycle odyssey.<br />Introduce a haunting  spectre from a terrifying past reality; an inscrutable horror, ever so  slightly out of sight, but roiling into a recognizable truth.<br />To this  already writhing brocade add a nose-to-nose staredown with madness, at a  mind-shaking level of lucidity.<br />Incorporate the tragedy of a shattered  family.<br />Then interweave these components into a vast streaming scroll  encompassing ancient thought, the absolute edge of human understanding,  morality, family, society (East and West), and the meaning and power of  love.<br />This is an offering from the humble yet utterly fantastic mind of  Mr. Robert Pirsig.<br />Make no mistake, this book is a tall task, with the  unavoidable frustrations of lost channels of thought (yours, not his),  seemingly bottomless vessels of philosophical exploration, and a knowledge  that you are, for a time, as one with a soaring intellect.  The reward is a  thunderous quiet; a fast-fading visit to a realm of laser definition.<br />Mr.  Pirsig will melt your heart, electrify your mind and recolor forever how  you look at everything.<br />It is one of those incredibly rare books which  you will  read again and again, every few years, just to re-establish  contact with that awesome multi-dimensional clarity, Mr. Pirsig's  trademark.<br />I have owned likely 20 copies of this book.  I don't have one  now, so I am buying more here.  I don't know why, I just keep giving them  away.  Many people I know do the same.<br />If the book eludes you the first  or second time, set it aside and pick it up again in a few months.  You  will align with it in time.  And there will come a time when you will look  at your children, then grandchildren and say, &quot;I have something for  you; something wonderful.&quot;<br />Oh, one more small thing:   &quot;Lila&quot; is as good, maybe better.  It is a brush with the  universe.  I would, however, counsel all to read &quot;Zen And The Art Of  Motorcycle Maintenance&quot; first.  Its a great primer.
0871137380|5.0|This is one of those great books that you can't put down; it reads like a novel, a fast paced narrative that can sometimes make you forget that it's a truth life drama where real people die. I enjoyed reading this book and  it's nice to see an honest appraisal of a stuffed-up mission, which was no  fault of the men on the ground. This is a well presented account of the men  of the US Army Rangers and Delta Force troops involved in a mission to  capture a pair of high-ranking deputies to warlord Mohamed Farrah Aidid. In  the end a number of their MH-60 Black Hawk helicopters had been shot down  and they were surrounded in a hostile city on the verge of being overrun.  This is the sort of book that all soldiers and politicians should read for  different reasons. Well done to the author and the men involved!
B000006NPY|1.0|Adore was the Smashing Pumpkins worst album, because it tried to be bring some electronica beats into the band's sound, but couldn't pull it off. I would definently say that if you are going to buy any album from the  Smashing Pumpkins, buy Machina: Machines of God, because Adore is a piece  of you know what compared to that one, Machina is their come back album and  those who buy Adore will be dissapointed in the fact that what I have said  is truth.
0312243022|5.0|If for every mood, there is a book (I'm not saying there is, but just suppose), then this is an ideal book for people who are deeply conscious of their shortcomings by nature of being human.  This book is a beauty on so  many levels.<br />The details that most enchanted enchanted me about this book  was time (there is so much of it, dragging on and on, each moment an  opportunity for perfection failed at by the three well-intentioned women)  and perfection (each woman believes deep down she is a failure, fights her  inner conscious to be content with what she has, talks herself continually  off from the precipisce of realizing how inadequate she is, as if it were  ever possible to be adequate...).  <br />Overall a lovely book I deeply  identified with though I can't say I'm either shocked or deserving of that  affiliation.  If you're in for a philosophic, emotional expose, you will  likely fall into the infinitely nesting emotions mastered in this book and  come through it amazed as well.
0140433627|5.0|Frankenstein is the simple best book ever written (in my opinion). It relates to various sides of our lives, it is philosophical and exciting to read. It should be a must read for humanity because it teaches important  lessons for life. It is very deep and emotional. Please do not think of any  horror pictures that misinterpret the book, and thus mislead you.
0399143904|4.0|Let's face it. Shakespeares' pants, a load of plays copied straight from older storylines.  But anyway, Tom Clancy is probably the best author in the world for this sort of book. However, he has fallen once again on his  two main flaws to receive a perfect 5/5. These flaws are simple ones:   1.  Americans are the best, superheros who are better than everyone, even the  SAS, which I doubt.   2. Storylines leading to nowhere - very frustrating  However, he still accumulates all the key elements for a brilliant read. In  some of his books, particularly Executive Orders, I found myself sat  reading for days before I read that a tiny US task force obliterated a  steamroller style Iran/Iraq army defending its own ground.   However, in  Rainbow Six, the action comes at appropriate times so that my interest did  not attenuate as I went along. Also, the action is simply fantastic, with  suspense, careful planning and perfect takedowns that you would expect from  such men in real life. The weapons used are awesome in power, particularly  the sniper's rifles, and I was fascinated to read how such men trained.  It's been made into an excellent computer game. Might we be getting a film  just as good? I think we should.
B00000IMCV|4.0|Only the most entertaining zombie flicks ever to grace, or trample, the earth.  The special effects are both good and bad, some will have you cringe, and some have that great penny-budget look to them.  The plot,  well, it doesn't matter.  Don't expect the experience of a lifetime, but  expect entertainment.  And if entertainment is what you're looking for,  Dawn delivers.
0553212737|3.0|You must have patients to read this book. The basic story line is really good. <br />Emma lives in Highbury and has a way of getting into everyone else's business. She's witty, popular, rich, and beautiful. If you've seen  Clueless then you'll know the ending and the major points of the story.  <br />It's one of those books where when you need something to read it's  there. Pride and Prejudice is better.
B00000INEX|5.0|My Son (now 2) has watched this video for 1 year now.  He must watch this video 4-6 times a week.  I enjoy watching his reactions to the video - He dances to the music, names the objects, he gets so excited.  I highly  recommend this video.
0792151712|5.0|Titanic is an easy Target for smartalecs and cynics everywhere. Check out any small and uncelebrated film on Amazon, and you might find it has a higher viewer rating average. This ofcourse has nothing to do with the  film-making involved but a desire by customers to break conformity and  stand apart in &quot;look at me, I didn't fall for it&quot; attitude. Grow  up. Having just seen the film for the fifth time on cable(can't stop  watching when it comes on), I truly believe this to be a great film. You  can mock the dialogue and its lack of sophistication and irony, but you can  never deny the beauty of the whole. The scene in which Rose walks out to  Jack on the tip of the ship, he holds her, spreads her arms and sings  &quot;Come to me Josephine&quot; has got to be the most romantic moment in  modern movies. You can praise the special effects, the costumes, the ste  disigns etc.. but that really misses the point. The fact that a cynic like  me can fall this hard for a movie like this means that its truly something  special. I'm not going to advice you to see it, for you surely have, just  stop being immature and insecure, turn out the lights put this movie in and  get swept away. P.S. I've seen this film numerous times despite the fact  that I'm not a teenage girl.
6305657947|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the updated version of this movie.  I felt Pierce Bronsnan and Rene Russo made a great couple.  I was especially thrilled to see Faye Dunaway in the movie since she played the role of Renee Russo's  character in the original.  As I was watching the movie I forgot how much I  enjoyed the music and purchased the cd. However, I only liked a few of the  songs.  The music sounded much better in the movie! I highly recommend this  movine and intend to buy the DVD to add to my collection.
B000000OMB|3.0|This album did not age well, to say the least.  While spawning some of the 80's most memorable tunes &quot;Heat of the Moment&quot;, &quot;Only Time Will Tell&quot; and &quot;Sole Survivor&quot;, the remaining songs never  reach the same level and are hardly worth the effort. Give this one 2 stars  for content and 1 star for getting these guys in the studio in the first  place.  Good idea, but less than perfect execution mars what could have and  should have been so much more.
B00003CWPR|5.0|A fitting end to one of the most controversial and influential directors of our time. Eyes Wide Shut, couldn't have been more rewarding. Its dual nature of reality vs. the subconscious dreamscape ,  men vs. women, all add  up to a very striking and contemporary film. The score was phenomenal, the  color was exceptionally rich, and the screen shots.... well.....  absoltely  brilliant!   Having seen this in the theater, i believe the transfer to  the video realm could have been handled better! Also the cloaked digital  scenes should have been thrown out and I believe that if the widescreen  would have come into effect, the initiation scren would have been a 100  times better........  however, kubrick died and i hope this  was his final  vision and not some fool-minded decision  made by a geek at Warner Bros,  who decided that america is not ready for adult situations and graphic art!  That would be a tragedy unto itself! This film like all his others, is very  cerebral and attacking so consider  your self forwarned!   Let us toast  to the last film of Kubrick's many trimuphs!
6300214710|4.0|LET'S JUST SAY I LOVE MOLLY RINGWALD! GREAT ACTING ON EVERYONE'S PART. THIS A VERY CUTE STORY.
B000005EJL|5.0|Some Things Never Change, how true. I bought this not knowing what to expect. I wasn't sure if Roger was in the band or not. Roger is not part of the band, the album however is fantastic! Supertramp is one of the rare  groups that origianted in the 70's that refuses to rest on its laurels.  This album proves that the band is just as vitale today as they were in  1974. This album is fantastic! From the opening notes of &quot;It's A Hard  World&quot; to &quot;Where's There's A Will&quot; this is bound to please  long-term Supertramp fans like me and win the band some new ones.  Rick has  re-invented the sound of the Superramp while holding onto the magic that  made them great in the start! This album is fresh..exciting!<br />Sure, I'd  love to see Roger back. He is one of my favorite singers ..period. Yet Rick  is making fantastic music, worthy of critical acclaim!
B00000JFSL|5.0|Of course, if you're reading this review, you MUST be a satriani fan anyway.  Let's face it, you're not going to browse over to the satriani section in between checking out the latest albums by brittany spears and  the backstreet boys.  So you should only expect to find nothing but praise  here in the first place.  What can I say?  If you're not yet a satriani fan  and are just happening upon this album, BUY IT!  This one turned so many  people into budding guitar players it's not even funny.  There's not been a  more revered and guitarist spawning guitar album since Becks Blow by Blow  or maybe even Hendrix's Axis, Bold as Love.  If you ARE a satriani fan, and  have not yet heard this album, well, you're obviously out of touch.  Go  ahead and buy the gold version so you'll be getting a double treat.  Not to  mention there are already people buying the gold versions on ebay for 40  bucks!  Imagine what it will be worth in another ten or so.  The next one  to be remastered will undoubtably be flying in a blue dream or crystal  planet.  But this one is really the one that brought instrumental rock  guitar back to life.  Also, if you've not heard it (again, you're out of  touch) buy Steve Vai's Passion and Warfare.
0767813243|5.0|I saw this movie when it was first released (1968), I was ten years old at the time.  I have never been nor will I ever be as affected by a film as I was by &quot;Oliver!&quot;.  It is heart warming, sad, humorous, scary,   absolutely touching every single emotion.  Every single actor/actress was  casted perfectly.  The songs, dances and scenes all Oscar caliber, as  evidenced by the Best Picture Oscar.  I fell in love with this movie and  have seen it well over a thousand times.  I would recommend it to everyone.   This musicial has heart and soul.  Anyone who would find fault with this  classic movie is an unhappy person who cannot delight in the happiness of a  perfectly acted, directed and produced movie for all ages.  See it over and  over and over again.  You will be glad you did.
B000000XCA|4.0|When the first guitar notes of BORN ON THE BAYOU rise from out of the mud,it is definitely clear you are smack dab in the middle of BAYOU COUNTRY. This is the second release of Fogerty and co.,and what an  improvement there has been.Close your eyes and you are there on the PROUD  MARY riverboat;or chooglin' on down to New Orleans on a fast freight  train.The playing on this album is exceptional,and  (with the exception of  GRAVEYARD TRAIN,which is repetitive and boring)tight.Creedence Clearwater  Revival was the American band for many in the late '60s-early '70s;this  release shows you why.
B000000WCV|4.0|Picture the scenario.....you're  having a party, u need a cd that can a)serve as a backdrop for interesting convo and b)keep butts bouncin til da break'o dawn. Enter Daft Punk's Homework!  These songs  are built straight  for the dancefloor. the beats are so basicially-infectious and the groves  so tight, toes and feet cant help but to wiggle to them.  Although not  every track is a gem,(be wary of &quot;Oh Yeah&quot;, &quot;Rock N  roll&quot; and Rollin N Scratchin[unless u like german hardcore techno!]),  the cd is a virtual built in rave!  Stand-out traks for most bumpage are  &quot;indo silver club&quot;, &quot;revolution 909&quot;,  my personal  fave- &quot;hi-fidelity&quot; and of course &quot;da funk&quot;. All other  cuts are treasures too, but hey, a review can only be so long.  Overall, if  u want your party to groove, put daft punk on and press &quot;repeat&quot;  on your cd player. A.N.
B000002HH9|1.0|what was the Cure thinking?  Either Robert Smith was hungover every single day this album was put together, or he just wanted to try and make the most horrible Cure record in history.  This album is pitiful from start to  finish.  It's enough to make &quot;Charlotte (sometimes)&quot; roll in her  grave. Don't waste your money on this puppy.  You want a good Cure album?   Go get &quot;Pornography&quot; or &quot;Seveteen Seconds&quot; or  &quot;Bloodflowers&quot;.  I gotta go....the CD exchange is gonna give me 5  bucks for &quot;Wild Mood Swings&quot;.  I just hope they don't read this  review before I get there.
B00003CWPQ|4.0|Ok, I was probably one of the few who saw this movie on opening day. Yep, I bought into the hype and thought this was going to be something BIG. Although not a box office smash, this movie did do respectively and now  it's been released on DVD/VHS.  My first thought is, why so long after it  left theaters? It is not like they did any alterations with the video  releases...<br />Anyway...ok, we all know the premise...Tom Cruise's  character, Bill Harford becomes insanely jealous of his wifes almost  infidelity a summer ago.  It leaves him in a cathardic state and he  stumbles out in the New York night life to take it all in. Once out in the  night he stops by a jazz club and sees a former fellow med student. This is  where the movie gets a little bizarre.  A journey begins that takes Bill  into the dark world of sex and violence. The way Kubrick filmed this movie  is incredible, the darkness, the shadows, the colors, (and to think it was  all replicated on a London sound stage!), the costumes.<br />Eyes Wide Shut  proved to be a cinematic box office dud, but take a walk on the wild side,  rent the movie, see for yourself, the movie leaves a lot for the  imagination, Nicole looks great, Tom looks great, the whole movie looks  great. It may be bizarre and you might think what they heck did I just  watch, but sit back and relax and see what took a 1 1/2 years to film and  what became one of the most celebrated directors last films to grace the  silver screen.
B00004LN16|3.0|Sorry to bring down all the people who have left four and five star ratings for this album but after a few listens to Stiff Upper Lip I found myself doing two things... 1) Cranking it up to hear the powerful guitar  licks and feel the energy of the band or...2) turning it down from hearing  one tooooooo many &quot;Hot Hots&quot; or one of many other repetative  lirics that bring this album down. Where is the &quot;She was a fast  machine, she kept her motor clean&quot;? The &quot;Mistress for  Christmas&quot;? Sorry, I am afraid this album will only take up space on  my shelf in a month or so. Maybe I can put it where &quot;Back in  Black&quot; goes, it never gets put up anyway.
0140067477|5.0|A true must read! A true must reread over and over. Simple, but is it really. What an adventure into a most pleasurable place; oneself. What an improvement in my life. BEST BOOK EVER READ !  The journey into the Tao can  begin here !  HIGHEST Recomendation !
0688170528|5.0|This book will stay with me for a very, very long time.  As a commuter to Manhattan, I read on the express bus.  Many times I had to stop because of the sadness this book made me feel.  Didn't want to cry on the bus.  It  made me sad, happy, angry, horrified.  And in today's world, with all the  pressures on today's teenagers to be perfect in every way in addition to  the problems of the world, this situation is so possible.  No matter how  much you love someone, whether parent, friend or lover, do you EVER really  know them?  This is the first time I ever read a book that involved a  shooting, whether suicide or murder, and I'm a true crime fan, where I  could not make a decision as to guilt.  I would never want to be a juror in  a situation like this.  I wanted the McDonald's incident and Emily's  journal to come out, so that Emily's mother could get past a little of her  hatred and realize that her daughter did have a few problems.  This book  was fantastic.  Right now I have about five pages to go, but I'm too  heartbroken to continue at this moment.  For anyone who's ever been in  love, this book is a must.  Can you love that much?
0385484518|5.0|This is a great book.  I am currently facing terminal illness within my own family, and this book was an inspiration that, coupled with my own personal experience, has changed my outlook and perspective on life in a  very positive and meaningful way.
0767836324|5.0|&quot;Hook&quot; is a highly entertaining movie that is appropriate for children and adults.  The music is energetic and keeps the movie rolling on.  Robin Williams is humerous, but Dustin Hoffman steals the show as the  childish fiend, Captain Hook {that's why it's called &quot;Hook&quot;).   Bob Hoskins also shines in his role as Hook's sidekick, Mr. Smee.  In the  end, the film is intended for families, so it does contain the usual sappy  drama, but therein also lies the charm of the film.  The film is meant to  entertain people of all ages, and, if you don't take yourself too  seriously, you will be entertained.
0441003257|5.0|Well, it's as funny as everyone says :-). I read it. And re-read it. And seven years later, I'm still finding new jokes, and only yesterday did I finally understand the ending :-). I'm ashamed to admit it made me cry with  happiness (or possibly hysteria). The astonishing amount of in-jokes and  cultural references from Queen to Yeats make it absorbing reading and the  morals and ideas crammed haphazardly in make it something of a classic. The  prose is skillful and pretty, but what I enjoyed most about this book was  its warmth and humanity. The characters are simply delicious, and I defy  anyone not to fall in love with Crowley and Aziraphale, who are adorable  seperately and perfect together ;-). In the end, I found the book simply  uplifting - I'm afraid I flatly disagree with those who found the ending  &quot;a disappointment&quot;. Bittersweet, hilarious, powerful and poignant  - very, very human. It's ineffable, dear boy, don't you know? :-)
0312199066|4.0|Gene Cernan's autobiography is a welcome and useful addition to the shelf of important books detailing the Gemini and Apollo missions.  I still think that Mike Collins' Carrying the Fire is the best of the books done by the  astronauts who flew in the 1960s, but Cernan's goes over new ground,  particularly concerning his Gemini EVA, the effect of his immersion in the  space program on his marriage, and the politics of crew selection.  Being a  student of Apollo 17, I was particularly interested in the changes in his  attitudes toward Harrison Schmitt over the years, going from outright  hostility toward any scientist who might deprive an aviator of a seat on an  Apollo mission toward, in the end, a recognition that it was the blending  of Cernan's operational skills and Schmitt's field geology skills that made  Apollo 17 so marvelously productive.  I do wish Cernan had dug a bit more  deeply into the team building that must have gone on during training and  into the ways that their skills meshed during the mission.  We will have to  wait for Schmitt's long-overdue contribution.
6305696071|1.0|Is there a story more foolish than that?  If I want a fairy tale, stories for children are the best and they are surely more realistic than this one which can only be defined as ''a piece of garbage''. Even the  prostitutes themselves would find it insulting, as it does not reveal the  truths about their lives. Sure there have got to be movies about  prostitution - which is the part of the real life - and certainly the  ending would not be happy at all!
B000002KH3|5.0|This album was the ultimate in maximum guitar riffology during its time. From the dark grooves that characterized the intro to &quot;Runnin' With The Devil&quot; to the sharp arpeggios during the solo in the remake of  &quot;You Really Got Me&quot; to the garage-like punkish nature of, er,  &quot;Atomic Punk&quot; to the Rob Halford-like vocals during the fade-out  in &quot;I'm On Fire&quot; to the bluesy soul of &quot;Ice Cream Man&quot;,  there wasn't a single song on this album that I hated. If you're starting a  Van Halen CD section, make this album the first...
1556587864|1.0|In the city I live in, such a noisy fuss was made  about it that many people including myself went to see what caused such excitement. Indeed the fuss-makers should pay me what I paid for the ticket, as the story is no  different from any ordinary paperback. Amazing to see some guys writing  comments in this column admire Sharon Stone as if they have never seen a  naked woman on screen before. Garbage movie, and the ones that think this  one deserves to get five stars are completely unaware of the meaning of  ''entertainment''.IT DOES NOT DESERVE A STAR AT ALL - I COULD GIVE IT A  MINUS.
B000001FYZ|4.0|The Scorpions' 1990 blockbuster album &quot;Crazy World&quot; wasn't exactly &quot;Blackout&quot; or &quot;Virgin Killers&quot;, but it still has its moments and kept up the noble tradition of blending  carefully-crafted power chords with brutal riffing, which is evident in  &quot;Tease Me Please Me&quot; and the powerhouse sounds of &quot;Hit  Between The Eyes&quot;. A &quot;...World&quot; of difference when compared  to the quality of recent Scorpions offerings these days...
B000002B7U|4.0|Okay, maybe a lot of diehard Ozzy fans think that Ozzy's career was over the day that Randy Rhoads took that fatal plane ride, but I disagree. &quot;The Ultimate Sin&quot; is a testament to the diversity that Ozzy is  known for in his songs with regards to lyrical quality and strong  musicianship. &quot;Killer Of Giants&quot;, for example, documents the  possible threat of nuclear war and the paranoia that followed during the  height of the Cold War. &quot;Shot In The Dark&quot; also carried out the  same theme with  regards to man's insatiable desire for the thrill of  pursuit and persecution in various forms. But, even if you don't buy an  Ozzy album for the lyrics, then at least agree with me that Jake E. Lee's  soloing on &quot;Lightning Strikes&quot; is pure genius...
B000000OMB|5.0|I was fortunate enough to buy the Asia/Alpha double recording on cassette and have listened to it for years with the utmost pleasure.  So now I'm purchasing each separately on CD for better sound quality.  Both are well  worth many great listening hours!
B000001FZK|5.0|This work is impressive. One of the best I heard. Please, do not compare with older comercial CDs as &quot;It's my life&quot; or &quot;Party is over&quot;. This is high level music, all the disco scrap stays far  away......
0790729989|5.0|If you like to be scared(Like me)and have disturbing images flash in front of you in the dark you'll love this movie. Brad Pitt and Morgan freeman are detectives tracking a (in away)Bible huging Killer who kills people who do  the seven deadly sins. It's a great movie and you never know whats going to  happen next. If your a freak and like seeing demented movies this movie is  for you.
B000002B35|5.0|searching for a good live Floyd album.  But five days ago, after looking at some other online reviews for PULSE, I decided to go to the store and buy it, and, guess what?  The reviewers of this album are RIGHT!   So  instead of buying the short Delicate Sound of Thunder Album (PULSE is  nearly twice as long)get a better album, which I would say is, Pink Floyd's  greatest hits live.
B00004NRWH|5.0|This is a great CD.  I like every song on it.  My favorites are Breathe, Old Enough, Deep and One Last Run.  I highly recommend you go and buy this CD especially if you are a Creed, 3 Doors Down or Pearl Jam fan.  The State  is a must have.  <br />If you liked this CD then you should also get their  first release Curb.
0767825411|5.0|This movie will blow you out of the water! Great plot, hilarious little quirks and crazy stuff that will make you gron with laughter! The effects are good for an older movie! See thisone right away, and take the kids! I  have 4 words for you:   &quot;Who ya gonna call?&quot;
B000002KXV|5.0|I remember watching Night Tracks on TBS long before MTV made it to our cable service, and I was always intrigued when the New Frontier video came on.  I didn't really know what to think of it, but I knew that it was much  different from anything else playing at the time.  Who would have thought  that a mere 19 years later, the album would still hold a top spot in my  collection?<br />This album represents perhaps the best work Donald Fagen has  ever done.  That's a pretty strong statement considering the excellent body  of work he and Walter Becker put together (and continue to put together) as  Steely Dan, but a mere listen supports the possibility.  The lyrics and  sounds blend together perfectly, creating a soundscape that never fails to  mesmerize.  The texture of each song is different from every other, but the  album as a whole flows with incredible ease.  No matter how many times you  play it, it is a joy to hear from beginning to end. <br />In an era dominated  by dated synth sounds and topical lyrics that don't survive beyond their  own time, The Nightfly remains a timeless work that is as fresh today as it  was the day it was recorded.  You could do worse than this album; you would  be hard-pressed to do better.
0790729628|4.0|I've viewed both origional and DC versions, and I'm sorry, but the DC is much better.  If I want sci-fi that's easy to understand and has a happy ending, I'll watch Star Wars.<br />The narration in the origional actually  doesn't bother me that much.  It was largely useless, either irrelevant or  not hard to figure out.  It's neat background that the guy was speaking a  local dialect that was a combination of other languages, but it didn't help  the story at all.  And it's not hard to figure out that Decker is a Blade  Runner, or what Blade Runners do.  While not horrid, I prefer the movie  without the narration so I can focus on the movie, and also to get rid of  that nagging feeling that my intelligence is being insulted.<br />What is  horrid in the origional is the ending.  For one, it's happy, and Blade  Runner is not a happy movie.  BR is a tragedy, and trying to force it into  being otherwise doesn't work.  Second, the ending came out of nowhere.  It  was obvious that it was just tacked on.  Also, it did a nice job of  ignoring the central question of the film (plotwise) -- whether Decker is  human or not. <br />In the DC, there are some more scenes with character  development that help bring the afforementioned question into better focus.   Especially the important unicorn scene.  The unicorn scene is important!   At the end of the film, there is a reference to the unicorn scene -- a  reference made by someone who should not have known about it.  That's what  makes it important, and why it further calls into question Decker's  humanity.  Talk about not making sense -- in the origional, the reference  to the unicorn scene is made, but with no unicorn scene.  That makes no  sense.<br />Now despite prefering the DC much more, I will say that I'm  dissapointed that both versions don't appear on the DVD.  I may not like  it, but it would be usefull for comparison and for those (obviously  plentiful) people who miss having Harrison Ford explain everything to them.What else are DVD's for?  So I have to give the DVD a 4 instead of a 5.
B00003CWPR|5.0|i stayed away from this film in theatres and had no plans to rent or buy it!  i did and was i floored! it is an amazing, haunting, mesmerizing, classy piece of work!  terrific screenplay, awesome musical score, and  probably the finest performances of mr/mrs. cruises' careers! mr. kubrick  has left behind for us to savor over and over an instant classic that will  be viewed and talked about for many years to come. the vibrant colors and  the dolby digital ac-3 sound are amongst the best i have seen and heard to  date. this is one of the highlights of my dvd collection. get into it,  savor it, you will not be dissappointed!
0273617109|5.0|Arguably one of the best modern primers on logic in writing and logic in thinking. For my generation--a generation that sadly did not &quot;learn to walk&quot; under the exacting and disciplined tutelage of Aristotle and  Decartes--this book delivers admirably. Although still somewhat  undiscovered by the mass market, many consulting firms have long relied on  Minto's book to train new recruits. But one must be clear: This is not a  fluffy &quot;self help&quot; or &quot;business&quot; book; the reader will  profit not from its perusal but rather from careful study and application  of its principles.
B000002GVZ|5.0|While working at my job during the summer, we periodically would play Carly's hit song &quot;YOUR SO VAIN&quot; on the store's background music.  I often found myself humming the song while I worked.  I later purchased  THE BEST OF CARLY SIMON CD with some extra money I had, just for the  purpose of getting a hold of YOUR SO VAIN.  I took it home, played it all  the way through, and all I can say is that I quickly had a new favorite CD  on my shelf.  All of the songs on the CD, (especially YOUR SO VAIN, HAVEN'T  GOT TIME FOR THE PAIN, and in my humble opinion, NIGHT OWL,) were  magnificent pieces of music.  I very quickly found myself getting ahold of  as many of Ms. Simon's CD's that I could.  Do yourself a big favor, if you  like music, or like even just one song of Carly Simon's, pick up this CD.  You won't be sorry.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I have seen quite a few movies in my time, and I can say this is one of the best.  If not the best.  I love it's satirical look on suburban life (being from the suburbs, it was especially funny), to it's stunning  cinematography, to it's splendid performances (esp. Mr. Spacey).  While  people definitely have their own tastes, you cannot argue with the simply  magnificent scene of the plastic bag floating and it's poignant dialogue.   If you aren't into &quot;artsy&quot; movies, or if you're against  &quot;mainstream&quot; movies, this will satisfy everyone's tastes!  Simply  stated, SEE IT before it's run is up!
0393317552|5.0|Diamond has set out to explain why certain cultures ended up with all the heavy weaponry (thus, the power) and why others continued to subsist on stuff like sago pulp.  I find his arguments quite compelling.  I don't see  him sidestepping any of the tough questions the issue raises; he meets them  in a refreshingly direct manner.  I'd consider it required reading for a  good education in ancient history in any geographic area, because its  theses are applicable to all.<br />With so many people screaming either 'yay,  a non-racist explanation!' or 'this is *so* PC', let me attempt to cut  through that thicket for the potential reader.  Yes, it is quite apparent  that Diamond set out to come up with a non-racist explanation (as opposed  to setting out to answer the question, prepared to accept the truth whether  it bothered people or not).  It does raise the question:  had a racial  explanation resulted, would he have put it forth? I think not.  The effect  of this is to make Diamond have to work harder to convince people of his  conclusions, because he was certainly predisposed to a given tenet.  This  is too bad, because his conclusions are quite compelling.  It would be  shortsighted to dismiss his excellent work without hearing him out, though,  even if one cannot quite shake the suspicion that he mainly wanted to prove  that his hunter-gatherer friends in New Guinea were smarter than most  people give them credit for.<br />The other issue with the predisposition away  from a racial explanation is that said predisposition is, itself, often  racist, and Diamond does fall prey to this:  just because Europeans  ultimately developed napalm bombs, nuclear weapons and nerve gases, is that  necessarily a positive? One could argue that it speaks well for the  residents of ancient Africa, for example, that they never put any effort  into learning how to incinerate an entire city or pollute the atmosphere  with dioxins.<br />One area of wasted effort was the photo section.  He's got  pictures in there of peoples from all over the world.  Ok, fine, but what  do the pictures illustrate? I guess if one has never seen a Spaniard or a  Yanomano before, this'll help, but there is no use of the photos to support  his perspective.  Too bad--if the effort had been spent on diagrams and  maps, Diamond could have used these pages to help make his  point.<br />Strongly recommended because the strength of the reasoning  outweighs all else:  no matter how he did it, Diamond's given us very good  information.He's got  pictures in there of peoples from all over the world.  Ok, fine, but what  do the pictures illustrate? I guess if one has never seen a Spaniard or a  Yanomano before, this'll help, but there is no use of the photos to support  his perspective.  Too bad--if the effort had been spent on diagrams and  maps, Diamond could have used these pages to help make his  point.<br />Strongly recommended because the strength of the reasoning  outweighs all else:  no matter how he did it, Diamond's given us very good  information.
B00001QEE2|3.0|A fun Disney film made all the better because of its widescreen release on DVD!  Disney Home Video:  Please release all animated features in widescreen, especially FOX AND THE HOUND, THE ARISTOCATS, THE BLACK  CAULDRON, and all future Disney Gold Collection DVD's.  Or give Disney fans  the option to see either version, like the excellent MULAN DVD release.
B00004BZ16|5.0|The story goes, The Clash signed a really lousy contract with Columbia requiring them to produce ten albums worth of material in as many years. This would explain the two and three record sets that were LONDON CALLING  and SANDINISTA!. Before they self destructed right after COMBAT ROCK, The  Clash really WERE the only band that mattered. They were making the most  exciting music at the time and SANDINISTA! saw them really stretch. If in  retrospect there seems to be too much dub filler, there are still a great  many gems mixed in. My particular favorites are &quot;The Magnificent  Seven&quot;, &quot;Rebel Waltz&quot;, &quot;The Equalizer&quot;, &quot;Lose  This Skin&quot;, and &quot;Charlie Don't Surf&quot;. And there are lots of  other cool ones, too. SANDINISTA! has a real kitchen sink mentality that  makes it a fascinating listen. The Clash were at the height of their powers  as a musical unit and you could tell that they were just playing constantly  and listening to everything that they could.
B000000OAL|5.0|Where should I start?  There are too many things for me to comment on.  Well, here it goes.  I think this is a great album because it is the beginning of Queen's reign.  It's a creation of their brilliance.  When I  first heard it I thought that they were just getting their feet wet with  it, because this is their first.  It kind of sounds like Freddie doesn't  know what his voice is capable of, like he may have been taking it easy,  but he still sounds so electric!  Brian as always sounds perfect, Roger's  beat keeps your head bangin' and it would be incomplete without John's  bass.  I think that this is a great album, and any true fan of Queen, I'm  sure will agree with me.  I think the songs &quot;Keep Yourself  Alive,&quot; &quot;My Fairy King,&quot; &quot;Liar,&quot; &quot;The Night  Comes Down,&quot; and &quot;Jesus&quot; are sooooo great!  I think  &quot;Keep Yourself Alive&quot; is a really awesome song with a great beat  and lyrics.  &quot;My Fairy King&quot; is a little out there in a few ways.  It seems rather mystical and it has fantasy.  I think &quot;Liar&quot; is  my favorite from this album.  I loved Freddie's voice and it had a ton of  guitar in it and he put a lot of feeling in it.  &quot;The Night Comes  Down&quot; is a really cool song that has a soft beat to it and near the  end it starts getting faster.  You get really into it on one part, then all  of the sudden you're head bangin'!  I really like the song  &quot;Jesus&quot; because I'm a Christian and it pleased me that Freddie  was aware of who Jesus is.  It also has great lyrics and once again a great  beat!  Well,I hope whoever reads this considers making this purchase.  Cheers!
014028009X|5.0|YES! YES! YES! What a great book. Bridget Jones speaks to every woman over the age of 20 who has ever had her heart broken, been frustrated by her parents, tried to lose weight, and tried to find someone to love. She is  outrageous and hilarious, but also insecure and uncertain. All woman can  relate to this one.<br />Anyone who doesn't like this book has either never  lived as a woman (or even with one for that matter) or has no sense of  humor.  The main point of the book is that if you can't laugh at yourself  then you can't laugh at anything. Bridget sees herself for who and what she  is and laughs about it.<br />A light, joyous read for anyone.
B00000K2SE|5.0|This movie must be seen twice in order to be fully appreciated.  The first viewing should be spent enjoying it for its eye-popping special effects, for its outrageous action, for its killer industrial soundtrack, and for  the pleasure of watching Keanu Reeves and Carrie-Anne Moss run around  looking fabulous.<br />The second viewing should be spent contemplating the  questions The Matrix raises about our perception of reality.  It's hard to  believe that such a slick, glossy production starring Keanu Reeves conveys  such deep, mind-boggling concepts, but it does.<br />The directing Wachowski  brothers (the guys responsible for the wonderfully outrageous Bound), have  been influenced heavily by other filmmakers, authors and artists, and they  don't try to hide it in the least.  However, rather than a blatant rip-off,  this plays more like a reverent homage.<br />Laurence Fishburne projects a  powerful presence as the wise Morpheus, although it often seems that he  employed William Shatner as his dialogue coach.  Keanu Reeves is in his  element.  The Matrix maximizes his strengths (his ability to look  completely dumbfounded and his unique physicality) and minimizes his  weaknesses (just about everything else).  The role of Neo is tailor-made  for him.  The real standout in the cast, however, is Carrie-Anne Moss as  Trinity.  She is a real find, and while she is stunning in a shiny black  cat suit, her purpose in this film is not simply ornamental.  She is  responsible for at least half of this movie's excitement, and she gives it  its emotional heart.<br />The Matrix is two movies in one.  One is a truly  awesome action movie, and the other is a deep meditation on the nature of  reality.  It can be enjoyed equally on both levels, but maybe not on first  viewing.  See it at least twice.<br />Stay tuned after the credits for 4  behind-the-scenes vignettes, one of which shows Reeves, in full wicked-bad  regalia, perform a hilarious, unintentional pratfall.
B000002HMH|5.0|This is the album Metallica would have made in 1993 if Cliff was still alive.  Sacrilege comes the cry from the bemulleted crowd at the back, but did all you so-called Metallica fans know that Cliff was as much into blues  and Mozart as Black Sabbath and Slayer?  The prog rock in Metallica is now  gone, in the respect that 3 minute, 30 scale solos are now gone.  The blues  and Black Sabbath are surfacing.  How many of you complained about War Pigs  having a harmonica?  How many of you complained when the boys in Sepultura  and Pantera cut their hair?  You all just wanted an excuse to hate  Metallica.  And yet they still swept the rug away from under your feet by  releasing this, their most profound and diverse work yet.  Hetfield has  never sounded better, and the lyrics to Outlaw Torn and Bleeding Me are the  finest he has ever written.  Yes, they aren't as heavy, nor angry as they  were.  Maybe when you get older you too will recognise the balls it took to  release this.  They knew they were going to lose a lot of fans with this.   What is all this talk of selling out?  They knew that if they released an  album like before, it would sell well.  They took a huge risk in releasing  this, as it could have ended up that they would be too light for the  elitists, and too heavy for the mainstream.  Why all the criticism of Mama  Said?  No-one so much as blinked when Pantera did Suicide Note part 1, or  when Sepultura did Jasco or Kaiowas.  Metallica are starting to explore the  areas that they couldn't go before, and in so doing they have made some  great music which deserves to be listened to and judged, rather than hated  just because everyone else does.  Fair enough, why they wanted to put a  song like `Poor Twisted Me' on the album totally escapes me, but when you  have songs like `Thorn Within' and `Until It Sleeps' to compensate, it  matters little.  It may not be as heavy as the bone-heads wanted, but if a  song does not have distortion on it, does that make it abad song?  No.   This is an album for every mood, and it is a rock album.  They never said  it was going to be as heavy as Master of Puppets, and if you bought it  expecting that, then die.  I personally would have preferred `Justice For  All' part II, but this does the job just fine.  And it's better than the  indulgent toss on Reload.  And don't give me that guff about 'sell-out'.  They were taking a risk with this, because they knew the mainstream were  already scared of big, ugly Metallica, and that the old 'Metallibangers'  (sorry to use that word, but you get the idea who I'm Talking about) would  destroy them for going 'light'.  If they had have done Master of Puppets  part 2 then that would have been selling out, as it would have sold by the  bucket-load, and htey knew it.<br />Did you know that out there in the world  somewhere, there is someone who hates Metallica solely because James  stopped drinking?  And for that, they have succeeded in ensuring themselves  a place in history...as a total f**king moron...
B00003CWPQ|4.0|As crazy and over-the-top as it is, &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a surprisingly truthful depiction of marriage.  Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman play a husband and wife who have been married for almost a decade.  They  have a child together, whom they both cherish.  Their life seems  blissful--they're both attractive, wealthy, and they obviously still enjoy  eachother's company.<br />In the span of a couple of days, their marriage  undergoes some extraordinary, radical changes, beginning with Kidman's  seemingly sudden decision to be brutally honest with her husband.  After  her revelations, Cruise becomes caught up in a wild set of circumstances  that lead him to realize that he has been going through life with blinders  on.  <br />There has been much discussion about the graphic depiction of sex  in this movie, and while it's definitely explicit, it's also clearly meant  for viewing by adults only.  Cruise has nightmarish fantasies of his wife  in the arms of other men, while at the same time he's confronted with  temptation after temptation.  Some of the scenarios don't seem particularly  tempting in and of themselves, but coupled with Cruise's mental state, they  are believable.<br />In some ways the movie is shockingly ordinary--the  feelings Cruise and Kidman convey are felt, even fleetingly, by all of us  at some point during our marriages.  Of course this is all displayed  vividly, Kubrick style.  Cruise doesn't just find himself amid any  &quot;regular&quot; orgy, but rather in a bizarre, secret ritual.  But  overall, the movie seeks to point out how complex a relationship a marriage  really is, and to warn about the dangers we face when we take our spouses  for granted.
B000031XCR|5.0|For all those complaining about the fact Celine herself doesn't write lyrics/music or playing any instruments on her cd's, i would like to ask u:'How many songs did Frank Sinatra write himself ?  or how many  instruments did Sinatra play on his recordings ? ' Well.......? With Celine  it's just like mr. Sinatra(the voice) about ONE great thing HER voice.
0385333846|4.0|Although I'm just beginning to explore Vonnegut's works, I did thoroughly enjoy this book.  His cynical yet witty style reads wonderfully while the story's dark, anti-war sentiments are clearly present. Slaughterhouse five  makes me excited to delve further into Vonnegut's work.
1891252089|5.0|This book is an extremely user-friendly book for beginner and advanced persons doing Ashtanga yoga.  I am a beginner and found this an invaluable tool in my personal practice.  It has choices of practices; full practice  of Primary and Second Series or the short forms of 15min., 30 min. and 45  min. practices, for those of us on the go.  Unlike Power Yoga by Beryl  Berder, I found this book clear and precise, with wonderful anecdotes from  the author.  Other books on Ashtanga yoga are often confusing, not clear  about asanas and many other aspects of the practice.  I highly recommend  this book to everyone interested in yoga and particularly Ashtanga yoga.
6304765231|3.0|Such a disappointment.  I have both the VHS and DVD versions of this film and I am saddened about the quality.<br />The picture quality (just as WideScreen Review rated it) is poor.  Not to make excuses but it may have  something to do with Brandon Lee being grafted into the movie after his  death.<br />The movie is (IMHO) supposed to be dark and murky, however, on the  DVD, blacks are grey and murky is smokey.  Faces are definately not crisp  as one would expect by paying about $20.00.<br />Sound is a little better, as  good as it can get with little need for 5.1 speakers.  As most of the film  is dialog, there is hardly a need to even turn on your subwoofer.
6304457383|5.0|&quot;Wait Until Dark&quot; is a suspense film in the finest traditions of Alfred Hitchcock.  The direction by Terence Young (&quot;Dr. No&quot; and &quot;From Russia With Love&quot;) masterfully blends a stellar cast with  mood, music, and atmosphere to create a compelling psychological thriller.  The story involves a blind woman (Audrey Hepburn), who has unknowingly come  into the possession of a child's doll filled with heroin.  Three con men  (Alan Arkin, Richard Crenna, and Jack Weston) create an elaborate scheme to  locate the doll in her apartment without arousing her suspicions.<br />Like  Hitchcock, director Young reveals the identity and intent of the con men  right from the beginning of the movie.  He lets the audience in on their  secret.  It is left to the blind and isolated victim to decipher their  intent and her own personal danger over the course of the film.  Hepburn is  engaging in the role of a woman who is at once vulnerable yet possesses  unfolding inner strength.  She knows she is alone and ultimately  responsibility for her own fate. The suspense grows as her suspicions are  slowly aroused until all is revealed to her in one terrifying moment of  confrontation with the cunning and evil Arkin.  The stark confines of the  apartment and the dramatic musical score by Henry Mancini accentuate the  dark and foreboding atmosphere.  This is a film you will not soon forget...
6302732875|5.0|&quot;GGR&quot; is a great character movie.  You really get a feel for all the characters.  The bitter Ed Harris, the washed-up Jack Lemmon, the insecure Alan Arkin and the slick and slimy Al Pacino all make this one of  the better movies of the 90's.<br />Alec Baldwin gets a lot of praise for his  intense 10 minute portrayal of the superstar from &quot;Downtown&quot;.  I  personally think he got into character by just pretending that Harris and  the others were fans/photographers approaching him on the street (given his  reputation for being rough with both), but it is a great performance with  numerous memorable quotes.<br />We also see Kevin Spacey before he really got  famous and he does a tremendous job of being the straight-line office  manager.  It was a hint of things to come.<br />If you want a movie where  there is no action, plenty of profanity and a good story, look no further  than &quot;GGR&quot;.
B00003CWPR|3.0|This movie reminds me of Luis Bunuel's &quot;Belle de jour&quot;, for it explores the same kind of sexual experiences and questioning from an upperclass point of view. Yet the sexual issue in this movie seems very  outmoded to me and very disconnected from our modern society. Its main  theme is marital fidelity, which, I think, is no longer a great concern in  modern litterature and cinema, and it exploits this theme in a rather  superficial manner. Furthermore : the couple in the movie experiences  things that would have compromised the harmony in any other couple, but  seems not to be affected by these experiences at the end of the movie.  The're is an obvious lack of emotional intensity both in the dialogues and  in the way Kubrick choosed to present the situations. From an artistic  point of view, some cuts are questionable (like the one in the batroom,  with the Chris Isak's song), but the movie has a very interesting visual  atmosphere. It's certainly not as good as Kubrick's previous movies.
B000001EGE|5.0|I've always been an Elton fan, but haven't liked all of his albums.  This one's great!  The songs are first-rate, Elton's voice is in fine form, and the recording is excellent. By itself, Jon Luc Ponty's electric fiddle solo  on &quot;Mellow&quot; makes this an album worth owning.
B00001PE4D|4.0|with acceptable acting.  Cruel Intentions offers a very interesting plot with popular actors.  You'll constantly be thinking &quot;what next.&quot;  Very good overrall; could have done without the gay sex, though.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Twenty years from now &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; will be  just as alive, brilliant, unsettling and confounding as it was when it first released in 1999. <br />Because the mark of a great film is one from which newly-found  appreciation and interpretation can be gleaned in subsequent viewings,  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a great film that works on numerous complex  psychological levels.  Narrative structure is invisible.  Music, dialogue  and visual spectacle predominate and are symbolic of deeper meaning.  The  viewer enters the world of Stanley Kubrick, a world where reality as known  to the filmgoing audience is non-existent -- non-existent even within the  audience's own common understanding of suspension of disbelief in movies.  <br />The Kubrick world is distant, cold, mechanical and disturbing. Kubrick's  Manhattan (filmed in the UK) has a pace opposite to the New York most know  or hear of -- Kubrick's Big Apple is very slow -- and disorienting to the  audience, disorienting to the point of creating in the viewer the same  feeling of alienation, unease and discomfort that Dr. Bill Harford (Tom  Cruise) feels in his nocturnal adventures. <br />When Harford is unable to  control his circumstances or grasp meaning in several bizarre events he  witnesses, his psychological fiber is challenged. And so is the audience's.  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a beautiful vision for adults.  Sometimes it  has the macabre feel of David Lynch's &quot;Blue Velvet&quot;.  Other  times, the delusions and mysteries of David Fincher's &quot;The Game&quot;  -- particularly that repetitive singular piano note. <br />But at all times  the look, feel and haunting atmosphere of this film is Kubrick, Kubrick,  Kubrick.  One of the interesting aspects of &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is  that its big-name actors (Cruise, and to a lesser extent Nicole Kidman)  look so much unlike themselves from other films.  From Cruise and Kidman's  vacant expressions alone we seem to understand that in&quot;Eyes Wide  Shut&quot; we are in an altogether different human universe. <br />Watching  this film again and again on DVD where the elements that made it so  powerfully great in the theater (the superb color, music and lighting --  are enhanced tenfold) is a great treat and a refreshing analytical  exercise.  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a colorful visual puzzle that  provokes viewer thought and solution the more it is watched.  In the  strangest sense, it's the cinematic equivalent of the ol' Rubic's Cube.   &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is Kubrick's Cube -- a spellbinding mystery with  many questions, answers and dozens of ways to get to the end of its rainbow  -- and you will be confused, disappointed, frustrated, enlightened,  satisfied or thrilled with the conclusion (or solution) that you reach.
B0000028TN|5.0|George Duke is very well rounded in musical styles.he has no-limits.he is a tight Keyboard player.and the musicians he has here are on point.the material is very strong.since it is a Brazilian theme album I'd Loved if he  would have hooked up with Maurice White.but this album is Smooth.
B00000JJQK|5.0|You know, the one you would dream about every night and, after having spent every day together would have held her tight every night through?  What this girl was to all the other girls, Pet Sounds is to every other CD  (and unlike the girl, you CAN be with Pet Sounds every day and night).   Sure, there was that hot girl from the rival school (Revolver), and well,  that tomboy friend of yours who was alright too (The Queen is Dead), and  you can't forget that nerdy girl that made glasses seem like a cool fashion  accesory (Low-life), but at the end of the day Pet Sounds is everything  you've ever dreamed of.  I think it is the only album that meets and  overcomes everything you've ever read/heard about it, just like the  Godfather does in the realm of motion pictures.  The songs are GREAT, the  singing is SUPERB, the battle of mono vs stereo is excellent as well (email  me and I'll send you a list of &quot;winners&quot;).  A lot of other  reviews by critics and other amazoners can tell you more if you so desire.   One last thing-those less than 100% reviews you run into now and then?   Remember the guy that dug the fat chick and &quot;didn't see&quot; what  everyone else saw in the super-hottie?  Yeah, me too.
B0000026DJ|5.0|Rock bands come and go, but Midnight Oil has been kicking and screaming for well over 20 years now.  Its certainly not hard to figure out why when listening to an album like &quot;Diesel and Dust.&quot;  This album (now 12  years old) was written during one of rock music's most horrendous periods  (the late 80's.)  While one can tell that this disc emerged from that time,  it doesn't sound dated like most music from that era does.  With good solid  playing and timeless messages of equality, peace, justice and love how  could one go wrong?  &quot;Beds Are Burning&quot; is one of the  quintessential songs of the 1980's and this record includes other gems like  &quot;Dreamland,&quot; &quot;The Dead Heart,&quot; and  &quot;Bullroarer.&quot;  Despite the fact that most of these songs have  specific Australian incidents that inspired the lyrics, the themes are  universal and share many parallels with American problems.  Vocalist Peter  Garrett has the perfect voice for the message.  His vocals are rough and  passionate without being overbearing.   While the band used keyboards, they  didn't drown in them like many bands from the 80's did.  They realized that  it was okay to make use of new technologies...but not to become dependent  on them.  Kudos to one of the few bands that was never afraid to speak the  truth, or to keep playing hard!
6305358567|5.0|This movie was not only beautifully filmed, but was also superbly performed. The historical factors just made this film better, because it runs along truth. Elizabeth I is a great woman of history and I was so  elated to see this film so well done. I highly recommend it for anyone and  everyone to see just once. Then you can see for yourself.
0833552929|5.0|I read this book in Multi-Cultural Literature class.  I think that Amy Tan is a truly gifted writer with a unique way of opening our imaginations to her world.  This novel has 8 main characters.  It's about 4 chinese women  who came to America and how they have to change their ways.  The other 4  chinese women are their daughters born in America.  Each chapter is one of  the characters point of view and their life story.<br />Ying Ying St. Clair:  After being left by her first husband, marries her second husband who is an  american.<br />Lena St. Clair: She is the daughter of Ying Ying.  She is  having marital problems with her husband Harold.  Who wants to be treated  equal.  They have their own money and they split it down the  middle.<br />Linda Jong: At a young age was in an arranged marriage, she later  makes up a story that her in laws ancesters would be angry if she bare her  husbands Child.<br />Waverly Jong: She is named after the street in which she  lived in.  She became a champion at chess, and realizing that it isn't so  fun anymore.<br />An-Mei Hsu: She was raised by her Grandmother because her  mother, although was alive was considered a &quot;ghost&quot; because she  remarried after her first husband died.  She has to decide whether she  wants to leave with her mother after her Grandmothers death, or stay with  her aunt and her brother.<br />Rose Hsu Jordan: She is dealing with her  husbands divorce.  She is fighting to keep the house that they both had  lived in.<br />Suyuan Woo: She was the one who started 'The Joy Luck Club'.  She decided to have 4 women gather around once a week, and eat a big feast,  and laugh and talk about good times all through the night.<br />Jing Mei Woo:  After her mother's death, she must go to China and meet with her long-lost  twin sisters.<br />I definetly give this book an A+.  Don't think that I've  told you everything.  That is not even the beginning.  Not only are you  enjoying a good book, but you are learning about Chinese Culture.  I've  said this many, many times, but this book is a &quot;must&quot; read...out Chinese Culture.  I've  said this many, many times, but this book is a &quot;must&quot; read...
0140186395|5.0|I have read all of Steinbeck's books and have taught most of them in my classes. East of Eden is, in my opinion, his best work and possibly one of the best American novels, if not the best, of the 20th century. I highly  recommend it to all lovers of great literature.
0385495315|5.0|I've enjoyed codes &amp; ciphers ever since I was a kid &amp; enthralled by Sherlock Holmes &amp; my Captain Midnight Secret Decoder Ring.  This book has renewed all those memories.  Anyone reading this book will find  cryptography fascinating.  I especially enjoyed the development of RSA  &amp; PGP since I use the internet a lot &amp; always wondered how secure  my transactions were.  This book was so good, I will have to read 'Fermat's  Enigma'
B00003CWPR|5.0|First of all, this is an amazing film for Kubrick to leave us with. As I watched this brilliant transfer on DVD, I was reminded of what a true and unique talent Stanley Kubrick was. I missed this film in the theater, and  for that I am truly sorry.     I've read the reviews on this page that say  the ballroom scene is boring and that it does not contribute to the plot,  etc. Wrong. Obviously, whoever wrote that review did not pay particular  attention to the girl whom Tom Cruise's character attends to and her role  later in the film.       Kubrick has indeed left us all with a powerful  film of intrigue and depth which will require multiple viewings to be truly  appreciated.
B000023VR6|3.0|I don't get why half his songs are telling how great he is. I don't think he should bragg about being on drugs. Being on drugs shouldn't be a good thing. But besides the lyrics its pretty cool and Dre still has the beat.
0590259385|5.0|Great book with great illustrations. Built as a cardboard type book for years of enjoyment!
B000002TLX|4.0|I'm not the biggest Richard Marx fan around but I had no idea he wrote so many good (some great) songs.  If you like good guitar hooks and don't mind a little sappiness, this album's for you.  Best song by far is  &quot;Hazard.&quot;  It's so different from the rest of his rockers and is  very captivating, with beautiful harmonies and a haunting melody.  What  impresses me most about Richard is that he writes and performs (99%) all of  his own stuff -- not very common these days.  If you like Richard Marx,  then check out Jude Cole, a definitely underrated musician/songwriter.
6305718954|5.0|This nerve, chilling end of your seat thriller is ranked up there with all the suspenseful movies.  This movies is far better because of the concept of deleted scenes and the terrific alternate ending.  This movie is a must  for everybody even the people who are scared of demon-like people or  characters.  Try your best to view this terrific film.
B000002UBU|5.0|I believe that this is the best copy of American Pie that I have in my collection. Being a Don Mclean fanatic, I'm always looking for a good condition record at estate sales and auctions, but with this I have all the  hits and none of the scratches!
B00000I2UE|5.0|If you do not LOVE this c.d., there is something seriously wrong with you!  It is lovely honey suckle poetry! It is teenage angst at it's best!
080010367X|5.0|Men in Black is one of the best movies of all time.  It has very catchy lines that keep you entertained.  Will Smith delivers a great job of acting.  Tommy Lee Jones is always great.  Linda Florentino is the funniest  coroner I've ever seen in a movie.  This is definitely my favorite comedy  movie and I reccommend it to everyone
B00000I2UE|5.0|If you do not LOVE this c.d., there is something seriously wrong with you!  It is lovely honey suckle poetry! It is teenage angst at it's best!
B00002Z88D|5.0|From the opening notes of &quot;The Ecstacy of Gold&quot; to the last crushing chords of &quot;Battery&quot;, this album is great.  There are a few weak moments, but they are more than made up for in terrific  perfomances of some of the best songs in the MetallicA catalogue.  Definite  high points are &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Sad But True&quot;, &quot;Hero of  the Day&quot;, and a great rendition of &quot;Call of Ktulu&quot;.  Missing  are some songs I would love to hear done with the symphony, such as  &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;, &quot;Creeping Death&quot; and  &quot;Orion&quot;.  Maybe someday they will bless us with a second  album.<br />Also, check out the S&amp;M video.  The boys are in top form.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Unlike Earthling, Hours is definitely not an album for the young; it brings Bowie to the same point that many of his original fans are reaching in their lives. There is a definite genius in the subtle depth of this  album which will be lost on younger, more aggressive listeners seeking only  to pair it off with one analog or another of amphetamine and dance to it --  this is simply not that sort of work. This is David Bowie, the man, the  musical genius caught in a moment of reflection, the sort of reflection  that seems to take place more and more as one ages. This is a question and  answer session with himself, something which most young club-hoppers can't  begin to understand. My gratitude goes to David here, for finding that  bittersweet beauty that hides just under the afternoons of a progressing  life, and for preserving that beauty for his audience.
0440234743|5.0|It's hard to believe but this one is even better than John Grisham's previous novels.  It takes you from beautiful Virginia to remote areas of Brazil. I especially enjoyed the missionary aspect and the characters'  faith in God. <br />Throughout the entire book you are just waiting to learn  more and more about the characters and waiting for the unpredictable twists  and turns each one takes.  I can't wait to read the next one from John  Grisham which I've already purchased (The Brethern).
0780622553|5.0|Anyone who complains of bad or shallow acting is missing the point.  The characters are living live that they've been thrust unto, by the Stranger's memory shots.  The actors have to act like a person living someone else's  life, which they do quite effectively.
B00000J7JO|3.0|Don't get me wrong, I love the music, but can't listen to this disk on a good stereo.  I've tried 3 different CDs on 3 different stereos. The high notes are so distorted that I first thought my speakers were blown.  Especially on Anthony's vocals in parallel U &amp; scar tissue.  I've heard  better recordings of Dead live shows.  Am I crazy, or has anyone else  noticed?
B000002L7G|4.0|Easily Dire Straits' most &quot;listenable&quot; album - even when it's not art, it sounds good.  I owned the LP first, so I find &quot;Why Worry&quot; about three minutes too long, and &quot;So Far Away&quot; drags  as well, but even these problems are pretty minor.  &quot;The Man's Too  Strong&quot;, &quot;Your Latest Trick&quot;, &quot;Walk of Life&quot; and  the ubiquitous &quot;Money for Nothing&quot; (which sounds so much better  that it's not on the radio every hour) make for an excellent listening  experience.
B00000JCOV|5.0|You wanted rap/metal?  Well, you got it my friend. Introducing SlipKnoT. This band is slowly on the rise, and i say by summertime, we'll be seeing huge things from this band. You can put away Kid Rock now, cuz THIS is  metal. This cd is probably one of the best debuts since KoRn's self titled  cd. I like how Corey can scream AND actually sing!  That is something you  don't see anymore in metal bands. If you like this cd, i suggest Soulfly,  they pretty much have the same sound and were also produced by Ross  Robinson.
B00000J7SS|5.0|After years of &quot;thinking about it&quot;, and then some more time waiting for it to be reissued, I finally picked up a copy.  I'll pause here for you all to say &quot;'Bout time, Alf!&quot;, then I'll continue.  So  much critical and popular opinion (about 99% positive) has been tossed onto  this album that there seems very little left to say, so I'll just point out  how LISTENABLE the whole thing is.  Despite the complexity and the  multi-colored arrangements and expanded song lengths, this is still  something you can feel comfortable tossing on during your next cocktail  party (wouldn't hurt your hipness factor, none, neither).  Great stuff -  I'm sure I'll be dissecting it over the next several years...
B000002AS3|4.0|&quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; is simply definitely (no maybe) a great album!  The songs are good, and only the beginning to what will become the Oasis sound.  Songs ranging from the loud and proud, &quot;Supersonic&quot;  to the quaint ditty &quot;Digsby's Dinner&quot;, to the infectious (and my  personal favorite) &quot;Columbia&quot;.  This is really a very good album,  not even considering the fact that it's a debut.  It is not anything like  the critics say : a carbon copy of pre-Brit rockers The Beatles, Rolling  Stones, or David Bowie.  Comparisons could be made that they're all British  and play guitars... I mean really... it's not like they just rehash the  same stuff!  This album is well done musically and delivers the  unmistakable vocals of that Brit Brat Liam Gallagher.  Simply a great album  to have if you want to hear some snappy music that isn't always about  angst, but isn't candy either....
B000001EHS|4.0|Probably the best and most concise collection of Def Leppard's work you could ask for.  All their dumb fun metal numbers you know and love are here, including my faves &quot;Animal&quot;, &quot;Photograph&quot;,  &quot;Love Bites&quot;, and &quot;Bringin' on the Heartbreak&quot;.  That  said, a few tracks aren't quite musical enough to keep you from noticing  the rather lame lyrics - I'm thinking &quot;Armageddon It&quot; (yuk yuk),  &quot;Let's Get Rocked&quot; (they claim &quot;it was supposed to be  funny&quot;), and &quot;When Love and Hate Collide&quot;, which sounds  unnervingly like Bryan Adams (I *knew* John &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange  shouldn't've worked with him!).  I also haven't quite gotten over my high  school friend playing &quot;Pour Some Sugar on Me&quot; in the car EVERY  DAY, but hey, that's personal baggage, not critique.  Put it on and have  some dumb fun!
B000002C25|4.0|Not that it's bad - it's very good, but it doesn't stand out on it's own as a memorable record for Oasis.  It seems more like a continuation of &quot;What's the Story (Morning Glory)&quot;... so if you liked that album,  or Oasis in general, then this is perfect for you!   The album delivers  good songs such as &quot;Be Here Now&quot; and &quot;All Around the  World&quot;, but they just don't stand up to Oasis' potential for a third  album.  The music doesn't seem to have matured much, and perhaps they hit a  creative plateau, either way it's good, but still more of the same.
6302548195|5.0|Arnold at his prime. The world will never see a more perfect example of a bodybuilder again. The section that will inspire me to train harder is the bit when Ed and Arnie were doing the squat sets - I always imagine Arnold  telling me that there are two more reps and to give it all no matter what!
B000002BBY|5.0|&quot;What's the Story...&quot; is definitely one of Oasis' best albums.  It is an incredible rock record, with loud guitars and powerful vocals.  There is not a bad song on this entire album.  Songs are sung by the  Brothers Gallagher, Liam and Noel, who with their snappy Brit accents,  deliver music which is unique and fresh.  So many times their music has  unjustly been compared to the Beatles.  Oasis stands on their own, and this  album proves it.  Favorites include the ballad-ish &quot;Wonderwall&quot;,  along with the rockin' &quot;What's the Story (Morning Glory)&quot;, and  the ever anthem &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger&quot;.  However, lesser none  songs such as &quot;She's electric&quot;, &quot;Hello&quot;, and  &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; all help to define the undeniable Oasis  sound.  Culminating Brit Pop Rock, with genuinely GOOD songs, Oasis creates  a classic with &quot;What's the Story?&quot;
B00000J6AG|3.0|It would be hard to imagine using words like &quot;sweet,&quot; &quot;touching,&quot; or &quot;moving&quot; to characterize most standard-issue techno, but they're surprisingly appropriate for the best  moments of the latest effort from this enigmatic and frustrating but  ultimately winsome artist.<br />To judge from the two hundred-plus remarks  already posted, Moby's samplings of country gospel and blues have left the  largest impression on audiences.  Such deployments of field recordings in  club music usually run from clever to offensive, raising the same spectors  of cultural piracy that haunted the white blues bands of the British  Invasion, but here the device is one poetic license that Moby's heartfelt  sincerity elevates and redeems.  His guileless expressiveness often catches  you unexpectedly-- listen closely, for example, to &quot;Natural  Blues&quot; for the sudden stab of grief in its starkly understated  instrumental break.<br />Most of the eighteen tracks fall into one of three  categories; African-American samplings (&quot;Honey,&quot; &quot;Natural  Blues,&quot; &quot;Run On&quot;), Caucasian raps (&quot;South Side,&quot;  &quot;Bodyrock&quot;, most of them not so much offensive as painfully  embarrassing), and ambient compositions.  <br />This last group is in some  ways the most rewarding. &quot;Porcelain,&quot; on the strength of its  eloquence, survives being conscripted into the soundtrack for Leonardo  DiCaprio's latest potboiler while &quot;Inside&quot; manages to break the  limits of lyricism by transforming distantly spaced notes, like  constellations emerging from the dusk, into beautifully sustained melody.  It's Gorecki, not Glass, who's the fitting peer for work as resonant as  this.<br />Moby's six years of diffuse releases may have stretched the  patience of his core constituency, but a larger audience awaits if he can  lose the blue-eyed hip-hop and open up further to his inner depth.
B00003CXCT|5.0|&quot;May the Force Be With You Always&quot;Obi-One KenobiGeorge Lucas's unforgettable Star Wars is one of the most influential, mythically engaging, and highly enjoyable science fiction films of all time. Though it  can be said that Lucas borrowed cinematic ideas from Akira Kurosaka (Hidden  Fortress), Howard Hawks, and John Ford (The Searchers). Does Star Wars  really deserve to be called too simplistic or underserving of all it's  popularity? NO NO NO! , Star Wars is modern film myth that has engaged its  fans in its timeless tale for the last 23 years. What the Star Wars Haters  need to realize is that we the fans find this wonderful myth of good, evil,  fate, and destiny to be one of the most enlightening and blissful voyages  that the movies have ever given us. Star Wars is a tribute to the power and  expressiveness of the movies. What make Star Wars so superior to the  numerous clones that followed it is despite its magnificent special  effects, that defined a new age in Sci/Fi, the film's characters, mythos,  and epic story are what made Star Wars so universally accepted and beloved  around the world. Not only have the characters of Luke Skywalker, Darth  Vader, Han Solo, and R2D2 become permanent parts of movie culture. The  simple yet important moral that good will eventually overcome all evil no  matter the time, suffering, loss, or failure involved makes Star Wars the  modern equivalent of the Wizard of Oz. It tells it's tale simply and  elequently. It moves us with its images and people. It takes us to a time  and place that will never leave the boundries of our memory. Star Wars is  joy to behold, and anyone who feels otherwise is too stuck up to see the  beauty of a universe a long time ago in a galaxy far far away. Star Wars  Fans: May the Force Always Be With Each and Every One of You. I can't wait  to see all the episodes on DVD.
B00000IPAX|1.0|Despite how much I like blink, i was extremely disappointed with their newest cd. My opinion is that they sold out, but the fact is that they changed their music after getting 'big'. BTW true blink fans would have  their older albums... not just Enema of the state. There is alot of  controversy over Blink 182 selling out, but I believe that they did after  listening to the first five tracks. But you can judge for yourself, they  just dont sound like they used to.
6304602898|4.0|Joe Dante's hilarious Gremlins is an amazing speeding train of devious fun, amazing tongue & cheek humor, and entertaining film references that make this creature movie one heck of ride for parents and adults alike. The characters of Gizmo and Stripe are very memorable and last long in the memory after the movie's long over with. Who could forget the white haired Stripe saying \\"GIZMO\\", Gizmo riding around in a miniature remote control car, or the Gremlins having a bar fight.  Gremlins has carved its own niche in American Pop Culture. Though there are some gruesome special effects, they are kept to a minimum, and the film's tone and excesses are perfect for children above the age of seven or eight to enjoy freely. It may be inferior to it's sequel, but Gremlins is filled with irrelevant comedy, quirky dark humor, and  contagious energy that will entertain children of all ages. <br />As for the old DVD edition of Gremlins it contains a widescreen anamorphic presentation, a Dolby Digital 5.1 audio track theatrical trailers, and certainly nothing else.<br />P.S. Watch out for when the Gremlins go to the movies.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit is okay on rapping but I know that DJ Primo laced the wax perfectly for the track N 2gether now which is definitely the best sounding track on the whole album. I would recommend just getting this track only  and rest of it is mediocre because I don't think that the metal element  ought to belong in the rap game, ya'll know. Keep hiphop pure!
6303433766|5.0|Peter Jackson did a wonderful job with this movie. The thing that was most remarkable besides the girls' relationship was their ability to forget their troubles through their secret world.  The creativity and imagination  they had drew me into the movie.  Their friendship was pure, comedic,  loving, dangerous and intense all at the same time. It's absolutely  brillant.
B0000039QA|4.0|This was a good cd with tight lyrics,i enjoy;Hypmotize,mo money mo problems,kick in the door,going back to cali, and ten crack commandments.
B000021Y77|5.0|Run Lola Run is a visually stunning film. It is a fast paced heart pounder which leaves you lterally breathless afterwards. The film is set to the backdrop of Berlin which the director shoots beautifully. The idea is fresh  and unique and the effect is achieved quite well. The soundtrack is  apporpriate, and the scenes well coreographed. this is definetely one of  the best movies of 1999. Run Lola Run is a superb movie putting Germany  back on the map of exquisite filmmaking countries. i hope to see more great  exports soon!
0140282033|5.0|This was the best &quot;feel good&quot; book I have read in a long while.  It left me wanting more..story and chocolate!   Hopefully we will have a sequel and find out what happens to these marvelous characters in this  delightful fairy tale.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|I have had this movie on VHS for a long time and it is one of my favorite movies. I was so excited to get this epic movie on DVD. Although it is great on DVD, it was such a disappointment to realize some scenes were cut  out. I'm glad the director added scenes he thought should be in, but  cutting out some key moments is kind of heartbreaking. It was enough to  make me question whether I would rather watch it on DVD or VHS.
0553108034|5.0|This book is greatness.You will never find a book more enthralling, more enchanting, or more complicated than Clash of Kings. If any of you have the time, sit down, and read this book. Today if possible.
B000002U82|4.0|There is a lot of good material here, and it is very carefully played and recorded (sounds great with headphones.)But you really have to be in a mellow mood to sit still for the whole thing. And please, the Wizard of Oz  has nothing to do with it, people. Get a life.
0345350499|5.0|Huge long books, I love 'em, and I think that this is a largely female thing. I know very little about Arthurian legend, despite being a Brit. It all seemed a bit Hawkwind to me. But I first read this novel in 1988, and  have read it twice since. It has become my second favourite novel after  Gone with the Wind. They're both about strong women at odds with society,  lusting after weak men who'll never be any good for them! I feel for  Morgaine. What is the attraction for niminy-piminy Gwenhyfar? So what if  she's a blonde bombshell? Morgaine sounds far sexier with her black locks,  tattoos and sorcery. She has the better life as well, studying witchcraft,  seeing the future and roaming the land. Thumbs up to Marion Zimmer Bradley  and what must have been exorbitant research. It reads extremely well, the  characters are realistic, the stories keep you glued to the page. I am not  aware of other interpretations of King Arthur and his ilk. I get the  impression that Morgan le Fay doesn't get dealt a good hand in many of  them. Another look at the legend.
6304493681|5.0|I first watched GITS 4 years ago on tape and told myself then...&quot;I have to get a decent DVD player so that I can purchase this manga in DVD format.&quot; Yes... it was, and still is that good.<br />This is a highly intelligent story masqueraded by its anime facade, which has fooled many and thus typical reviews were always &quot;boring&quot;, &quot;plotless&quot;, &quot;what's the story about! &quot;...etc.<br />I have lost count of the number of times that I have watched and enjoyed this masterpiece. The DVD format offers a valuable insight into how this manga was made, thus allowing the audience an intimate glimpse of every major production stage and the efforts involved in realising GITS.<br />To fully enjoy this piece, one should watch it till full comprehension is attained, as the main enjoyment is derived from understanding the intelligence, rationale and storyline behind the film; being realistic in actuality and very much so philosophically... pretty much like the sciences behind &quot;Star Trek&quot;; fictitious as of now, but who knows what the future may hold?<br />Amidst the main plot, my personal intrigue was derived from the discussion of what truly makes an entity a living one; of how it can understand its true existence and identity; of how we humans beings and 'artificial lifeforms' alike can reach within our inner selves to seek and reconcile with whom or what we truly are; of how we can affirm our intelligence sources despite not having seen our own brains or thinking components...Amongst the sea of seemingly obvious absurdity lies an intricate depth of scientific and philosophical substance.<br />A highly intelligent storyline utilising state-of-the-art technological production from a dedicated team. This is animated sci-fi at its best.
B000007OY0|5.0|This movie is definately one to buy and watch over and over again.  An incredible, compelling  story with superb acting.  Usually I like the original book better than the movie, but this one is an exception - Stephen  King's story (&quot;Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption&quot;) is  good - this movie is GREAT!
B000002C1X|5.0|Absolutely brilliant!   This is the first album I purchased when I started listening to Pink Floyd one year ago.  I can't believe what I've been missing all these years.  If you are a music lover, listening to this album  (or any other Pink Floyd album) is like a sigh of relief from today's  popular so-called &quot;Rock N Roll.&quot;Roger Waters' lyrics are  brilliant and David Gilmour's sound outranks any of today's guitarists.   Songs such as &quot;Another Brick in the Wall Part 2,&quot; &quot;Goodbye  Blue Sky,&quot; &quot;Hey You,&quot; and &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; are  masterpieces.No one can deny, whether a fan of Pink Floyd or not, that  &quot;The Wall&quot; is the greatest concept album ever.  Buy it and listen  to it from start to finish  (Then, go back and listen to Comfortably Numb a  few more times).  You won't be disappointed!
B000001ES4|5.0|Just like the first Adiemus album, a truely work of art. A masterpiece which could happen, unfortunately, once in a life time. The best and most invested album by Secret Garden. The elements of Classic/New Age and  Celtic/irish are combined so well. It is, indeed, an album with no songs,  but it leaves no room for words, for it has its own passion which has no  need for words. It will certainly give you the perfection you seek. The  album has quiet pieces as well as fast, classic/folk, pieces well worth  listen to. The CD is filled with orchestra and irish instruments. Its vivid  and lushious music will haunt you and inspire you all togather.<br />The work  of Fionnuala Sherry (Violin) is quite outstanding and breath-taking. As I  understand, this CD had been recorded after she had an accident and broke  her sholder. She had a very rough recovery and still could play as  beautifull as she plays in the album.<br />All in all, if there were more  stars I could give, this CD would go through the 10th star...
B000002U6E|5.0|Engima ever put out. This album is the climax of what Engima stands for. the third and forth albums are, well, fine. &quot;I love you I'll Kill you&quot; is my best track.
B000002H97|5.0|I have got this record in 1991, when I was young (9 years old).I have started to listen Metallica one year before.When I have heard this record for the first time,I was very impressionned.I was listen this album every  days,every nights,I fall in love with this CD.I would write a 10 pages  review for this Metallica (Black Album),because he is the best album of  this band and Metallica is one of the best heavy-metal of the 20th  century.All tracks on this CD rocks. I suggest this Metallica album for all  people like the heavy-metal music. If you don't like Metallica, you would  changes your mind if you heard this album!
0767803434|1.0|After movies like Sabrina, Regarding Henry, and, of course, the legendary Raiders of the Lost Ark, what a terrible movie! Just another overdone airplane movie that does not compare to the older movies about airline  hijacking. I am so glad I waited until it came out on cable, because it was  hyped to be so much more than it really was.
0790729628|4.0|&quot;If you have a brain and you can use it, you'll prefer the director's cut than the old one&quot;<br />The most sensible words I've seen from the personal reviews so far.  <br />If you want to see a &quot;nice happy  ending&quot; go watch a &quot;nice safe Harrison Ford movie&quot; like  Patriot Games &amp; or some other tosh like it.
B00000IPAX|4.0|great cd!  i love &quot;the party song&quot;, &quot;going away to college&quot;, and &quot;adam's song&quot;.  the blink boys nail another one with the same old perverted punk.  go out and get this cd as soon as  you can.  DO NOT WAIT!
B0000399WI|5.0|One of the best movies I have seen in this past decade. Definitely it deserves the high ratings. Though many of my friends thought it's a boring story, cast in prison (not the idle entertainment show). I was very touched  and impressed with the ending,  a rather smart, practical and satisfactory  ending better than the normal classic revenge of the \\"The Monte Cristo\\"  version. I loved the movie and I think one ought to have it in his library.
0767842693|5.0|A Unique film experience. I suppose Bogdanovich mirrors his pal Orson Welles by making his masterpiece early in his career.<br />An astounding film that comes with a total cast effort and depicts the early 50,s as no other  film has done. &quot; Strike It Rich&quot; on TV. &quot; Red River&quot;  and &quot;Father of the Bride&quot; at the picture show..all deliver a  meloncholy look back at life in &quot;that&quot; Texas  town.<br />Cinematography is perfect and sets the mood. Cloris Leachman,  during certain scenes in the film is shot in such an unflattering bleak  light that it underscores  her moods.( profoundly) <br />The finale neads few  words  and the fade out needs no words at all. Perfection.
B00003CX7K|5.0|Toy Story 2<br />The even more hugely successful sequal to the the hugely successful original, this is the most hilarious film I have seen for years. Its cutting edge graphics are considerably better even than in the last film, with the human looking much better, if still not perfect. However the  real treats are in the story. The characters are brilliantly funny, and the  storyline is exciting and avoids the cutesiness that could have marred the  film. Complete with it's constant film allusions and witty  reinterpretations of life from a toy's view, this movie is an absolute gem.  Look out for the 'outtakes' during the credits as they are perhaps even  more funny than the film itself!<br />9 out of 10.
B000021XS0|5.0|One of the distinguishing qualities of Dream Theater is their ability to make bold artistic statements. In an ultimate example of originality and creativity, Scenes From A Memory plays out like a play, divided into two acts and twelve scenes. The CD's booklet becomes a playbill as you follow along the story, track by track. The story itself follows one mans dreams of a mysterious women who seems oddly familiar to him. A riveting murder mystery ensues. Intense philisophical and religious questions are explored along the way with such themes as love and revenge. This novel approach adds a whole new angle on the overall experience and creates unforgetable images in the listeners head. The music is chok full of instrumental solos that will have your jaw on the floor. Kevin Moore provides some very interesting sound effects such as gun shots, screams, and car doors that add to the imagery. All in all Scenes From A Memeory is a fantastic album full of excellant music and compelling story that is well worth the purchase.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Chances are that anyone who really likes these guys hasn't made it out of junior high yet.  Everything about this band revolves around shock value -- there's absolutely nothing new or worthwhile going on musically or  lyrically.
B000002J5K|5.0|Fun, upbeat blues (and some oddball genre mixes) grace this soundtrack of the silliest, wackiest music film ever.  Even if you dislike the movie, you'll probably enjoy the music if anything inside you belts the blues  occasionally.  The playing is solid, the guests are well-chosen, the tunes  are great for driving and singing along.
B000001G5L|4.0|This is an intensely beautiful performance of the Beethoven violin concerto, but for those who are criticizing it, it's really Karajan's conception of the piece more than Mutter's so blame or credit should mostly  go there. It was recorded in 1980 when Mutter, Karajan's protege, would  have been about 16 and wouldn't have had the independence of personality to  completely project herself, especially when up against the world's most  formidable conductor at the time. Yes, the performance is a bit slow, but  not overly so. More than that, the violinist seems almost devoid of  personality at times, which has nothing to do with the mature adult she has  since become and everything to do with Karajan's conception of the piece;  he seems to want it almost as a symphony with violin obligato. She does  best in the tender passages where her playing is just about the most  radiantly beautiful I've ever heard. But she does show real spark in  places. Her playing in the first movement cadenza, where she's on her own,  is positively thrilling. It's Karajan's view of the piece that will  determine whether people want it. Even though the performance is lush,  Karajan brings out elements I had never heard before; his control over the  orchestra is absolutely astonishing; this is truly one of the great  ORCHESTRAL performance of the piece. For me the highlight is the slow  movement; it is the most heartfelt and capital &quot;R&quot; Romantic  performances I know. It will either have you crying in your handkerchief,  which it does for me, or reaching for the off button. I'm sure Mutter will  record this piece again and I'm also sure it will sound NOTHING like this  one, just as her recent fiery Brahms concerto with Masur sounds nothing  like the calmer one she did many years ago, also with Karajan. I can't wait  to hear her new take on it. But I love this recording too.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Most misunderstood film of 1999?  This is one of the most misunderstood films ever.  I have gotten into at least a dozen bitter disputes about this film.  I'm ready to get into a dozen more.  I wish the dvd was widescreen,  I wish it wasn't censored.  Still, the trailer for EWS is better than any  five movies in 1999.(Magnolia Redwards)
B00000DMJF|5.0|This is a great album. Granted &quot;Good Night&quot; is a little boringand &quot;Yer Blues&quot; is depressing. Everything else is great. &quot;Wild Honey Pie&quot; and &quot;Why Don't We Do It In The Road&quot;  are repetitive but the music quality is fantastic. &quot;Birthday&quot;'s  lyrics leave something to be desired but the riffs  and the drum solos are  awesome. &quot;Rocky Raccoon&quot; &quot;The Continuing Story of Bungalow  Bill&quot; &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; &quot;Everybody's Got Something to  Hide, Except for Me and My Monkey&quot; and &quot;Sexie Sadie&quot; are my  favorite songs on the album.
B0000069NM|5.0|Less is more - this seems to be the motive behind this disc.  MMW play less off-the-wallishly than usual, channeling their crazy creativity into a smart, vibrant groove.  And Scofield doesn't show off at all -  his solos  never distract from the delightful rhythm section and blend as well as when  he strums along with MMW.  Even the distinction between MMW and Scofield is  somewhat artificial given the beautiful coherence between the four  musicians.  For laid-back, funk-infused, inventive and melodic groove, this  is a top choice.
0060987464|4.0|Look.  Manson is obviously a liar and exaggerator and in love with himself - but he sure is a lot of fun!  I haven't laughed so hard out loud for a long time!   Thanks Marilyn
0783113145|5.0|To me this is one of the greatest movies of all time on many levels.  Primarilly, the character development is extremely deep.  Anyone watching this movie can understand the strengths and fears of Lorenzo, Sonny,  Colegelo, as well as some of the more supporting players.  Secondly, the  story depicts race relations at a changing time in this country.  It  describes it without taking sides and showing lots of grey areas.  Not just  black and white.  Thirdly, it shows the innerworkings of organized crime  and how people in today's society are influenced by it.  Finally, the  conflict Cologelo experiences by being torn between two role models, his  father and the neighborhood good fellow crime boss who acts like a fatherly  figure, is the central theme and explored very well through each charactes  eyes.  Overall, this movie has nos wasted moments and will keep you hooked  from start to finish.
B000002OVJ|5.0|The Who is generally acknowledged as one of the greatest live bands in all of rock.  This album proves that assertion to be true.  Live at Leeds rocks through and through, from the burning opening &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot;  to the final cut &quot;Magic Bus.&quot;  There are so many moments of  searing power and raw energy that it's hard to remember them all.  The  anguished, furious reading of &quot;Young Man Blues&quot; is worth the  price alone.  But the fact is there is not a single bad song on this disk.  And the banter between songs is priceless.<br />Need proof that Keith Moon  is the best drummer in rock?  That Pete Townshend is a genius?  That John  Entwistle is rock's most inventive bassist?  That Roger Daltrey's pipes are  among the finest in all of rock?  Then look no further than this gem.  Highly recommended for Who fans or people who want their rock to actually  ROCK.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I'm a new Sarah fan.  My 7 month old daughter heard Ice Cream on the radio and started to dance to it, so I bought this CD.  The more I listen to it, the more I like Sarah's voice and songs. I will be buying all her music  now.  I usually like heavier rock, but I think she is a special talent.
B0000033OZ|5.0|This is the grand debut of Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer. This CD sounds totally awesome on the new rhino remaster. The &quot;Barbarian&quot; starts the disc off with a Emerson keyboard workout, with great drums by Palmer.  &quot;Take a Pepple&quot; is a 12 minute song with Greg Lake's excellent  vocals, sounds like something King Crimson might have done.  &quot;Knife  Edge&quot; is classic ELP a concert favorite.  Emerson's grand solo  &quot;The Three Fates&quot; is next with some lovely pipe organ music and  piano solo. Next up is the Carl Palmer workout &quot;Tank&quot; listen to  those synth drum sounds great stuff.  This cd closes with the FM staple  &quot;Lucky Man&quot; #49 in 1971. One of Greg Lake's most shining moments,  in the end Emerson&amp;Palmer help close out the song with their own solo's  truly an amazing disc.
B000002P74|5.0|When I first heard Sweet Home Alabama, it just really caught my ear.  Whether it was patriotic lyrics, the gritty vocals and harmonies by the Honkettes, the honkey tonk piano, or the searing guitar solo after the  third verse, this song was everything that rock n roll should be.  What  impressed me further about this album was the fact that three or four other  tracks from this album approached Sweet Home Alabama's greatness. This  album would be a classic if the mix/production work was up to standards and  if  the boys chose another song besides the somewhat lame Call Me The  Breeze.  However, nothing is perfect in life but this album comes pretty  darn close.
0783225792|5.0|I have read many of the reviews for this movie on amazon and I have to say that I agree that this is one of the best movies of all time.  As for the violence, well, what do you expect?  This is a gangster movie for crying out loud.  It is not like they killed everyone that they saw, police  officers or the like.  This movie displays the directors brilliance and  truth to his art.  For those who can not handle the violence.... I hope  that you do not choose to visit a large American city, or for that matter,  read the newspapers on a regular basis.
078062999X|5.0|This film is spetacular. Every single Shakespeares word appears on the film. The best film Ive ever seen However it hasnt been released on dvd. Please Columbia, or anyone else, do it asap.
0784010188|4.0|In 1991 when this movie come out I has 11 years, then I couldnt see in theathers, because was for 14+, well, the I have to see it 8 months later in VHS, but now I could feel the most near sensation to the theathers,  because this film look AMAZIN in DVD, the menus are terrific, and the SOUND  is SUPERB, the image perfect.<br />You are reading my Review because you want  to know is the dvd is a good buy, not to know about the movie, well this  DVD you must have to BUY NOW, is near to perfection.<br />Not is perfect  because the Laserdisc special version that have like 30 minutes more of  movie, is better than this, I dont understand why they release a film  witouh the directors cut.<br />I thing they, I dont know when because they  dont have say anything about it, will be release a T2 special edition, and  I will be waiting, but meanhwhile I buy this, because is one of the best  movie I have ever seen.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|You know, Stanley Kubrick never ceased to impress the hell out of me. I've seen all his movies except for Barry Lyndon and Fear and Desire, and I've never been offended or bored by any of his films. Eyes Wide Shut is  absolutely no exception. It was brilliant in every capacity. Acting,  direction, cinematography, script, production design. Everything was  beautiful about this movie, except maybe the music which got kind of old  after the second time of hearing &quot;ping... ping... ping...&quot;  Kubrick's trademark perfectionist style sure does shine in this, one of the  few summer movies that actually didn't sell out. If you're a Kubrick fan or  a major film buff, you're sure to be entertained by this masterful sexual  odyssey. &quot;Armageddon&quot; fans, steer clear of this &quot;boring  movie&quot; and just watch a &quot;Scream&quot; flick.
B00004RFFS|4.0|As an Anne Rice fan, I thought this movie was very well done, even though they did change certain things from the book version and left some things out. I thought all of the actors did an excellent job. Antonio was quite  unlike the Armand in the book, but I still thought he did a great job of  portraying Armand's dark, manipulative, and  seductive side. Tom Cruise was  terrific at portraying the cocky, yet charismatic, Lestat, and Brad and  Kirsten were excellent as Louis and Claudia. The scenery was fantastic and  really made me feel like I was seeing New Orleans as it was back in those  days. The costumes were all beautiful and the make-up job on the vampires  was great. I love Rice's vampires because they are completely different  than any others we have known, such as Dracula and Nosferatu. I love them  for their &quot;human-ness&quot; and the way that they are really not all  that different from us. For as Anne Rice says, the movie isn't really about  vampires. It's really about us. I love the part at the beginning when Louis  is in the bar exchanging words with another man, and the camera moves  upward to the top of the stairs. We see Lestat's left hand resting on the  railing, as he quietly watches the goings-on below. We immediately know  what he is thinking. Then, moments later, when Louis is walking with the  prostitute, we see Lestat suddenly appear there watching them as they pass  on by. That was great! My only real disappointment was at the end when  Lestat ends up with Daniel (Christian Slater) in his car. I'm sorry they  didn't stick to the book's ending, instead of drastically changing it to  something totally different. I also thought Louis' time with Armand would  have been interesting to watch. I really love the soundtrack, with its  dark, yet beautiful melodies. Libera Me is just haunting. Whenever I drive  to San Francisco, I make sure to play it as I drive over the bridge! This  is one of my most favorite films. What can I say except, &quot;Iwant some  more!&quot;
0780626966|5.0|Freddy is one of the most Know Villain in the world, I thing everyone knows about this guy. This package bring to you every movie and one extra DVD with all the special feature, incredible, the Freddys Dead bring to you  the 3D special effects (and one pair of glasses), all the movies except the  2 (freddys revenge), are very good movies, and if you want to buy a Horror  Film, this is best package you can buy, because have 8 DVD, for 90$, like  11$ for DVD, and you have the seven film and one extra DVD full of special  feature. I recomend you this package I LOVE IT.
B0000011N5|4.0|I see that the reissue date of the CD is 1993, however, I know that I've attempted to obtain this album many times within the last few years. I did communicate with many fans both in the USA and in Europe and could only  find used copies of the LP. The acoustic side is my favorite. The liner  notes provide great insight and every song is a classic. However, in spite  of the remastering, there is distortion from the bass on The Enchanted  Gypsy. That's why I gave it  four stars. I'm still forever grateful. Thank  You !
B000002MY3|5.0|This is a really awesome cd! <br />Track #1: This track is upbeat and fun w/ a lot of harmonica and stuff. Still, if you dislike Alanis when she sings with her whiny voice, then this song won't be a favorite of yours.<br />Track  #2: This track brings out Alanis's &quot;angry&quot; side. This song isn't  really what u'd call &quot;clean&quot; however, (still, it's one of my  favorites!)<br />Track #3: This track is sad, yet it's very inspirational and  it leaves you wondering about the true meaning of the song. It shows  Alanis's true talent as a singer (that she doesn't just whine all the  time)<br />Track #4: This song is catchy, and positive (surprise surprise,  Alanis does write positive stuff)<br />Track #5: Another track that displays  Alanis's moodiness that she is well known for. This track has an amazingly  catchy chorus.<br />Track #6: This is one of the only 2 tracks on this cd that  I dislike. The beat in the beginning of the song puts me into an eerie  mood, but the rest of the song doesn't follow this pattern. The lyrics are  in my opinion rather stupid (the song is about Cathiolic school girls), and  the entire song didn't really please me (even though I love Alanis's  music)<br />Track #7: This song has a beautiful melody, and although the  lyrics are rather strange (i recommend walking around naked in your living  room)(swallow it down/what a jagged little pill/it feels so good/swimming  in your stomach) The chorus is catchy, although some would call it  repetitive (you live/you learn/you love/you learn etc). <br />Track #8: This  is probably the most popular track on the entire cd, and it is one of my 2  top favorites (my other fav is &quot;ironic&quot;). This song has very  moving lyrics that I can completely relate to (and they make sense unlike  some of the other songs that I mentioned). This song also has a great  melody and lay out and chorus. Overall, this is probably Alanis's best work  (it has no profanity, whining or complaining in it!)<br/>Track #9: Although  many people don't like this song, I thought it was very touching. In this  song, instead of focusing on herself, Alanis chose to sing about a girl  (Mary Jane) and her problems. This song shows Alanis's amazing haunting  vocals and has great lyrics.<br />Track #10: My other fav track, this song has  very clever lyrics, and a great melody. This song is for everyone, it's  about the great misfortunes that occur in our lives (a traffic jam when  your already late/a no-smoking sign on your cigarette break/it's like ten  thousand spoons when all you need is a knife etc.)<br />Track #11: Although I  have never listened to this entire song, the first 10 or so seconds are  enough to tell me that this song isn't the greatest. Others may think  otherwise, and that's ok with me (everyone can have their own  opinions).<br />Track #12: Another example of Alanis's talents as a writer....  this song has very awesome lyrics.<br />Track #13: This is another take of  &quot;You Oughta Know&quot;. Personally, I favor this track over the first  version. If you keep listening after this song is finished, (for about a  minute or so of silence), an acapella version of a song called &quot;Your  House&quot; will come on. This song is very beautiful and shows that Alanis  doesn't need back-up instruments to sound good. This song is beautiful with  not a trace of whining in it... The lyrics are also very beautiful and this  song is so moving that it can cause tears to form in your eyes.<br />Well,  that's a summary of all the songs. If you want a cd that is much more  intense than your average pop cd on the market today, pick this up and i  can assure you that you will like at least one of these songs.
B00003CWPQ|1.0|There are not to many dialog driven movies out there that are written by someone with, evidently, very little to say. &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is one of these, however. If Stanley Kubrick had not of died after making this  film, someone would probably have threatened his life! On second thought,  maybe they should investigate this. This is one of the worst movies I have  ever had the misfortune of seeing. It was definitely the worst Kubrick film  ever.<br />It's hard to imagine a film with this many beautiful women in it  (especially Nicole Kidman,) not to mention the acting talent (Kidman,  Cruise,) as being a waste of time, but it is. The plot could be  accomplished in about 30 minutes if all of the meaningless things had been  left out. You can skip the first half-hour and not be lost at all in the  story. The entire segment with the costume store clerk adds NOTHING to the  plot of the movie. What's more, all of the dialog and action feels like  your watching the movie in slow motion. (Hit your FF button and you'll  notice that most characters appear to be moving at normal speed! This is no  joke... try it.) Lead characters do not seem to change at all through out  the film. They react to things in one way, then, when those things change,  the characters are still reacting the same way, as if the changes had not  occurred.<br />The worst part? The story is completely anti-climactic! Do sit  waiting for an ending that will make all the convoluted items come together  because you're not going to get one.<br />The most annoying part for me was  this nasty habit that all the characters seemed to have: One character  would say a line, only to have it immediately repeated, as a question, by  the other character. Example: Character one says: &quot;You can't do  that!&quot; Character two says: &quot;I can't do that?&quot; This little  bit of abrasion occurs about 1000 times in an already exasperating  film.<br />I never tell people not to watch a film. You need to makeyou're  own assessment. I strongly suggest that you rent before you buy where  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is concerned. Either way, don't say that you  weren't warned.
B00003CWPR|2.0|I was very disappointed in this film. I was really excited to see it to begin with but it didn't live up to its admittedly alluring advertising. The problem with the movie is that it leaves TOO MANY LOOSE ENDS!  I also  found the abundant nudity (which in typical sexist style was only female)  to be a major turn off. Over all the film is a total waste of time.  Go  Rent Donald Sutherland's Don't look now, or Basic Instinct if you want a  sexy mysterious movie.
0964385619|5.0|I have read only six books whose impact will be felt throughout my life.  Books that I read and reread, either physically or in my mind's eye, throughout my years.  This is such a book.  I'm sorry that some people have  read it, and say it is, &quot;Nothing new.&quot;  What on our green earth  truly is new?  Not much.  However, just because something isn't new doesn't  mean it is old and irrelevant.  The way Mr. Kiyosaki communicates the truth  within this book about finances and how to be monetarily wealthy is thought  provoking, challenging, inspiring, and easy to communicate to others.  In  short, this book is easily assimilated and very transferable.<br />Those who  want a quick fix will be disappointed in this book because they seek the  wrong cure to their financial and personal problems.  Like the  cancerpatient who wants a bit of morphene to take away the pain so he can  go home, but doesn't want to undergo the pain of surgery, quick fixes are  for the foolish, the &quot;blind&quot;, or the insane.  The financial and  personal problems which are the subject of this manuscript are a cancer in  our society that can only be treated by financially eating right,  exercising, and taking care of one's financial body.  This book will help  you not only diagnose the problem, but help you see where you need to go in  order to be where you want to be.<br />His next book is a great follow up to  this one.  Read Rich Dad, Poor Dad, digest it, and then follow up with The  Cashflow Quadrant.  If you really want to fix the financial problems that  are plaguing you and your family, this book is an superlative start in the  right direction.<br />God bless.
6304082428|5.0|After reading the book I didn't think that the story could possibly be any better but the movie made the characters seem even more real than they already were.  I absoutely love Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice and  instead of taking away from the book like most movies, this one added to it  and gave me a face to put with all the names I was reading,From the  annoying Mrs. Bennet to the sweet and tender Jane. This movie is definetly  one that i will keep on my favorites list for a long time to come.
6305781427|3.0|Fortunate for other Yanni's fans in USA to receive a perfect audio recording dvd disc. My disc serial no.is L:807-1157 O:001-115-02D. have cracking sound on track no. 2,3 and 5. the index were also wrongly printed.  Track no. 2 should be&quot;Until Last Moment, No. 3 &quot;Key To  imagination&quot;, No. 5 &quot;Felitsa &quot;, No. 7 &quot;One's man dream  &quot; My agent was not interested in replace it with the other lot
B000002OHX|5.0|This is , as others have noted a tremendous lp. Ash had tremendous talent and they played well together. Phoenix , The King Will Come , Handy, Lady Whiskey are fantastic. It's good to see they  are putting new stuff out.
0792156684|5.0|Seems everyone has nothing but negativity to share about Titanic these days... but I have to ask myself, why?  The script and storyline are solid, Winslet brings a memorable, saucy verve to her character while DiCaprio's  relaxed romanticism set millions of hearts aflutter worldwide.  The score  is moving and inspired, and the special effects are second-to-none.  Costuming, editing, photography... all aspects are solid. So why has  Titanic become such a target of late?  My guess would be that it's simply  backlash... people got tired of hearing about it, and animosity always  follows outrageous success.  If you haven't seen Titanic, this is simply a  fantastic movie... don't believe the backlash.
B0000009TJ|5.0|One of the great things about Zappa is that once we all died in a few years his music will remain and grow in importance.  This album I believe is one of the most clear examples of what a great muscician, vicious social  critic, and a mad man can do.  In many ways, Zappa represents the sane  insanity that we all need to get by.  this album is just the perfect  example of it.  Just adorable in its acid representation of life. Wherever  you are Frank, thanks.  You were not in it just for the money.
B00000JJQK|3.0|I was rather excited and eager to listen to a stereo mix of Pet Sounds.  Other stereo remixes of Beach Boys tracks.albums have proven excellent, especially for those with surround sound speakers or for headphone  listening.  But I forewarn all Pet Sounds aficianados, stay clear of this  stereo mix.  Alot of the songs are missing vocals, double tracked or  otherwise (Still Believe in Me, Wouldnt It BE Nice) and in general it is  WAY overmixed.  There is too much echo, and alot of the times the  orchestrations/instrumentations drown out the vocals. I hate to give Pet  Sounds anything less then 5 stars, but this stereo mix is rather  unlistenable for long time Pet Sounds fans.  First time listeners  accustomed to stereo sound won't complain, until they compare the stereo  tracks to the mono mixes.  I guess it all comes down to that old cliche,  &quot;If it aint broke, dont fix it.&quot;
630575067X|5.0|I don't care what the critics say (and keep in mind the original Star Wars movies got bad reviews too), this film is terrific!  Jake Lloyd does a fantastic job as Anakin, the cool Obi Wan Kenobi is already showing his  promise as a Jedi, and Jar Jar Binks is funny, not offensive!  If you  haven't seen it, pre-order it now!
B00000JBCP|4.0|All I can say is wow me tiene encantado.  This CD is one of the first CD's I grab to listen to when I am relaxing in my house, when I am driving in my car and when I working.  All the songs have a real deep and beautiful  meaning.  Fernando Olvera has a voice that captivates you and will not  allow you to leave the presence of the speaker until you have listened to  the album at least twice.  Songs such as &quot;No Ha Parado de Llover&quot;  entangle you into their sincere expression of loss.  In  &quot;Desaparciones&quot; and &quot;Cuando Los Angeles Lloran&quot; you  feel the political message Man is stating in the tortured people who have  the unfortunateness of experiencing a crime committed against them and you  feel their pain as brought to you by Olvera's voice.  I highly recommend  this CD to anyone who enjoys music that carries a political overtone and a  deep desire to be edifying.
0767817486|1.0|The problem I have with &quot;Midnight Express&quot; has nothing to do with the technical quality of the work or the acting ability of it's stars, I simply don't think making a &quot;hero&quot; out of a drug smuggler is  positive entertainment, under any circumstances. <br />Let's face it, the man  was caught breaking the law.  The fact he was arrested in Turkey where the  penalty for drug smuggling is more severe than in the United States was, in  my view better than the alternative, which was having the drugs work their  way into the hands of our children, here in the United States.<br />No doubt  the only real influence this movie may have is on those who are considering  a trip to Turkey with the idea of bringing back some drugs.  This fellow  should consider himself lucky he did not attempt to smuggle drugs out of  Saudia Arabia.  If I am not mistaken, the punishment for dealing drugs is  public execution (they chop your head off). <br />I'm certain I will get  &quot;flamed&quot; for this opinion, but perhaps if the United States  demonstrated the same &quot;zeal&quot; in fighting the drug problem here at  home, fewer children would would be exposed to the destructive effects  drugs can have (South America...are you listening?).
B00000DGUG|1.0|Alanis Morissette used to be my favorite artist... So when this atrocious excuse for an album came out, I bought it immediately and ever since then I can't stand Alanis... As a matter of fact, I often find that I can't even  listen to &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; anymore! On this album, Alanis'  voice is annoying, the songs have absolutely no spirit and even all the  cool pop hooks from &quot;Pill&quot; are completely gone!  I don't know  why &quot;Uninvited&quot; isn't on this album, by the way, maybe it could  have saved it... somewhat. Don't even THINK about wasting your money on  this!  If you're new to Alanis' sound, get &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;  first. If you already have it, get a &quot;Thank U' CD single or something,  and do not bother with this atrociousness! With this album, Alanis did  something more than just put out a &quot;sophomore slump&quot;; she has  alienated 95% of her loyal fans, myself included.
1563894696|5.0|I first heard of this excellent mini-series when it was nearing the end of its original run and, upon hearing that a published collection was to be made available, I ordered it.  The two creators of this series are to be  congratulated.  Their blend of Detective Comics and The Godfather films  (there are sly references to Mario Puzo's and Francis Ford Coppola'a  cinematic masterpieces) brings an entirely new dimension to the world of  The Dark Knight.  Any fans of Batman or merely film noir will be pleasantly  surprised at this superb retelling of Harvey Dent (Two Face)'s fall from  Gotham City District Attorney to psychopathic criminal.  This is an  excellent tale, on par with Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns and Alan  Moore's Watchmen.  A must-have for any Batman or comic book fan.  Check it  out, and Enjoy!
B00003CWOL|5.0|Dogma is an excellent movie that puts a fresh spin on religion.  Not a BAD spin, like a certain reviewer asserted below me, but one that actually strengthened my faith by making me take a fresh look at it.  Of course,  with the mastery of Kevin Smith providing the laughs, Jay and Silent Bob  are back and better than ever, and Ben Affleck and Matt Damon make a great  pair on-screen.  I cannot recommend this movie highly enough, it is  probably my favorite Kevin Smith endeavor.<br />Amos and Andy?  riiiight...
