B0032JTV6U|5.0|such good quality, and arrived in perfect condition. oh and the price is unbeatable! i love glee and now i can watch any episode from the first season whenever i wish :) its great!
B00001IVQT|2.0|Not that much of a Decca Legendary 1963 affair., 31 Jan 2011<br />By<br />Judy Spotheim (Belgium, Europe) - See all my reviews<br />(REAL NAME)<br />This review is from: Rachmaninov: Piano Concertos 2 (Audio CD)<br />The better recording of the two piano concertos on this CD (which contains the Rachmaninoff No. 2 and No.3) is definitely the third piano concerto which is the earliest Ashkenazy (analogue) version made in 1963 with Fistulari/London symphony.<br />There is a feel of excitement all over, a great fluent playing and monumental climaxes.<br />Yet, the recording Ashkenazy made later at the digital era with the Concertgebouw/Haitink, surpassed this 1963 version on ground of agility, interpretation and recording merit.<br /><br />The second piano concerto on this ADD CD is a lame horse, in that, that it has no real focus and no real drive.<br />The sound captured here (second piano concerto) is veiled, misty, has a larger than life piano presence that cloaks the orchestral groups and buries them under the piano weight, no real \\"see-through\\", nothing like the real-thing.<br />The later version of the second piano concerto made with the Concertgebouw has a better nuances, details, outlook on the sound-stage and it captured better the instruments thereof.<br /><br />Continuously on this ADD Decca transfer CD there is some softening of the frequencies from top to bottom and most gravely, the lowest bass attack (at the bottom octave) is sorely almost totally missing, almost non existing, a bad thing it is as it robs the passages (mainly at the end of the third piano concerto) and other climax passages that serves as a springboard-take-off (diving) board for the piano - those are missing and are greatly omitted causing a diminish drama, drive and excitement.<br />A comparison with the LP (SXL 6057) proves that the bass-drum attacks were originally there to enjoy and for the heart to skip a beat, but in the digitizing whirl presented here with this \\"legendary\\", those instances were reduced to nothing. I would say this bass entanglement is caused by mis-judging by the re-mastering team (who for this or that reason thought to spare the playback system from a more dynamic and realistic bass frequencies - a stupid decision to my mind).<br />So, this \\"Decca Legends 1963\\" is not a legendary affair but a mediocre re-mastering that misses the point.<br />[[ASIN:B00001IVQT Rachmaninov: Piano Concertos 2 & 3 / Ashkenazy, Kondrashin]]instances were reduced to nothing. I would say this bass entanglement is caused by mis-judging by the re-mastering team (who for this or that reason thought to spare the playback system from a more dynamic and realistic bass frequencies - a stupid decision to my mind).<br />So, this \\"Decca Legends 1963\\" is not a legendary affair but a mediocre re-mastering that misses the point.<br />[[ASIN:B00001IVQT Rachmaninov: Piano Concertos 2 & 3 / Ashkenazy, Kondrashin]]
B004D7GU3M|5.0|I can say from experience buying vinyl over the years that not many Hip-hop artists go out of there way to put something together like Kanye did with this Vinyl release.I mean most of the time you just get a couple records thrown in sleeves and your lucky if it comes as a gatefold (especially with Def Jams releases). Yeah, its somewhat pricey although for all that included it's well worth the asking price.That is if you can still even find it without the inflated price. First off its limited edition (supposably). I've also heard rumors that its going to be remastered and repressed, but that's yet to be seen, and I think it would take away from those purchasing it thinking that it was limited in the first place. There is also no idea exactly how limited it is, but I think those that really want this on wax will still be able to find it for a while ? The outer red cardboard sleeve is beautifully done with the see through center and gold printed ink used throughout, which looks to be screen printed.It folds open nicely. I don't think this really needed to be pressed on 3LP's as I think it would have all originally fit nicely onto a double. The added artwork is frameable and yes its censored. I've noticed many giving negative reviews on amazon because of this, but this had to be Kanye's decision and seriously how many of us are actually going to frame these anyways? It was also shown on the items description pic to still be censored, and I think if it wasn't we would have been made aware before buying from one source or another.The vinyl sounds great on my heavy duty 1978 Pioneer PL-560 and much better than the MP3 download i previously purchased on amazon while it was available on the cheap. With the resurgence of vinyl sales its nice to see that there are still a handful artists willing to think outside of the box when it comes to release on the vinyl format. If you're a fan of what many said is the best release of 2010 and a collector of vinyl than I would recommendyou pickup this release!
0307588343|5.0|Thirty-four minutes into the June 30, 2010 Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission's hearing on derivatives, Michael Greenberger says, \\"...most importantly read 'A Colossal Failure of Common Sense' by Lawrence McDonald, a trader, an officer within Lehman who blames credit default swaps for bringing Lehman down.\\"  I'm happy I took Mr. Greenberger's advice.  This entertaining, often disturbing book is a must read for anyone interested in an inside look at the culture of  Wall St. and how it influences our economic future.  If you happen to work at a company headed for its own Lehman type crisis let me know.  I will try to deliver copies to the key decision makers.     Dave Berdych (@dryMAILman on Twitter)
B001227N6E|5.0|Warning is by far the best Green Day album because it is often overlooked by music columnists. This album is what let the band get away with American Idiot. Also it is a guilty pleasure for me to listen to!    Here is my song by song review for all twelve tracks:    Track #1: Warning    Very good start to the album with a very catchy chorus 10/10    Track #2: Blood, Sex and Booze    Good song. Green Day planned to make a music video for it but never did 10/10    Track #3: Church on Sunday    Very similar to Redundant from the Nimrod Album very good song 10/10    Track #4: Fashion Victim    Great song should've been a single 10/10    Track #5: Castaway    Good song when played on CD but hardly ever played live since the Warning Tour ended 8/10    Track #6: Misery    A little bit of creativity used here I love it! 10/10    Track #7: Deadbeat Holiday    The first two lines are hilarious, good song too! 10/10    Track #8: Hold On    If you were to have the Beatles mate with Green Day's Walking Alone from Nimrod and make it more hopeful, this song would be made 10/10    Track #9: Jackass    I love this song and you will too! Why? The song is a positive way to look at someone you hate. Like a less foul-mouthed version of Platypus.  10/10    Track #10: Waiting    A little bit of Classic mixed with traditional Green Day 10/10    Track #11: Minority    My favorite song on the album it will be yours as well 11/10    Track #12: Macy's Day Parade    60's style classic rock added to the standard Green Day style
B002N5N5LG|5.0|My current favorite TV Show. Such a great cast and story. The DVD offers cool extended episodes, deleted scenes, and everything you would expect from it. Go for it!
B003XU75QG|1.0|I haven't recieved my product yet and it's been over a month.  I hope I get it eventually but after reading other reviews I'm not sure I ever will.  It's hard to rate a product I dont have but based on service they get one star.  If you're in a hurry to get your order, don't order from this company.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|Oh man I love The Big Bang Theory!!! If you were raised on comics and tech, if you were girl-shy or guy-shy, if you blossomed late in life, YOU CAN RELATE!!! Unlike so many TV comedies, this one for the most part is fairly innocent and the best part of the show's humor is when these extremely high IQ guys have NO CLUE what is going on around them!
B0036TGSJ4|5.0|Easy A is an instant classic and shows the talents of young up and comer Emma Stone. Delivery was faster than expected and overall I am very pleased.
B0007DFJ0G|5.0|Truly an excellent movie. I highly recommend it. Great job as always by Amazon with packaging and such. Great price too!
0307595579|2.0|The book is supposed to be a crime novel.  All I see is a missing person.  It does not hold my interest. The Swedish story line with does not translate to english very well.
030726999X|5.0|I have read the 3 book series and was so glad to finally get this 3rd book in the series.  It met my expectations.  The book was only slightly less exciting than the other two books.  It was a very satisfing conclusion to Mikal and Lisbeth's dilemas.  I only wish the author had not passed away so we could read more of the adventures of Mikal Bloomkvist and Lisbeth Salander.  And learn more of the Sweedish way of life.
B001KL3GZO|5.0|I am writing this review for all of those that really care about the music and the best possible reproduction of the greatest jazz album of all time. I have been listening to this album in it's various incarnations for over 50 years. I have finally found the ultimate remaster. Anyone who has listened to this album since the original LP issue knew something was wrong. That was finally corrected by Columbia and acknowledged in it's Mastersound issue. Now the legacy edition which is definitely better than any previous remasters. Now there is even a better one. Pristine Audio in London has done an XR Remaster edition which is probably as good as you will ever hear this album. It is in 16-Bit and 24-Bit Flac Download as well as a CD. I have listened to all and nothing compares. It. too, may not be perfect, but it is far better than any version yet. I don't believe technology could make this any better. I am a former classical and jazz musician with a pretty good ear. I do hope Amazon will print this review and at least give buyers an option when considering this album. You will not be disappointed. I thank Amazon in advance for printing this review for the sake of the music.
B003UESJH4|5.0|THE KING'S SPEECH is one of those rare films that rely on the brilliance of the actors to bring a story/screenplay alive.  But the success of this extraordinary film does not stop there.  This re-telling of history as written by David Seidler and as directed with enormous sensitivity by Tom Hooper, as captured on film by cinematographer Danny Cohen glows as a background for some of the finest acting before the public today.<br /><br />The film opens in 1925 as King George V (Michael Gambon) is beginning to fail, leaving the heir apparent to the throne at the time of his death to be Edward VIII (Guy Pearce), a man more concerned with love with the twice divorced Wallis Simpson (Eve Best) than he is with the Royal Lineage.  Once the now senile George V dies, Edward VIII takes the throne but soon abdicates to marry Wallis.  This passes the throne to the tender but severely stammering Prince Albert  (Colin Firth), a man terrified of facing his beloved countrymen because of his speech defect - a defect that his wife Elizabeth (Helena Bonham Carter) has encouraged him to correct through a series of speech doctors.  Elizabeth hears of  Australian &eacute;migr&eacute; Lionel Logue (Geoffrey Rush), a poor wannabe actor who gained his knowledge for correcting speech defects teaching returning WW I victims in Australia.  Prince Albert  (Bertie) and Logue meet and begin therapy by Logue's tough rules before Albert takes the throne.  Through a series of rigorous exercises and lessons Logue helps the Prince learn to speak, finally accompanying him to the throne as a speech therapist and giving Bertie (now known as King George VI)  the courage and strength to rise to the occasion of leading England through WW II.<br /><br />Though the above is a brief synopsis of the story, the real message of the film deals with the gradual building of a close friendship between Bertie and Logue - or between royalty and commoner.  The manner in which Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush create this memorable relationship represents some of the finest acting in cinema history.  The very large cast includes such luminaries as Claire Bloom as Queen Mary, Derek Jacobi as Archbishop Cosmo Lang, Jennifer Ehle as Logue's wife, Timothy Spall in a brilliant turn as Winston Churchill, Anthony Andrews as Stanley Baldwin, and Roger Parrott as Neville Chamberlain.  Alexandre Desplat provides the original music allow heavy portions of Beethoven's 7th Symphony and Emperor Concerto (with Steven Osborne as piano soloist).  This is a perfect film, well deserving to win the Oscars for every category for which it is nominated.  Grady Harp, January 11ts some of the finest acting in cinema history.  The very large cast includes such luminaries as Claire Bloom as Queen Mary, Derek Jacobi as Archbishop Cosmo Lang, Jennifer Ehle as Logue's wife, Timothy Spall in a brilliant turn as Winston Churchill, Anthony Andrews as Stanley Baldwin, and Roger Parrott as Neville Chamberlain.  Alexandre Desplat provides the original music allow heavy portions of Beethoven's 7th Symphony and Emperor Concerto (with Steven Osborne as piano soloist).  This is a perfect film, well deserving to win the Oscars for every category for which it is nominated.  Grady Harp, January 11
0061900656|1.0|I wanted to get a cute book to help our 2 1/2 year old know what to expect when his baby brother was born. It is cute, and if you formula feed then you would likely find no problem with it. But, I am a breastfeeding mother, and don't want to promote bottle feeding as the norm, because it isn't. I remember when I had my first son that my niece (plenty old enough) didn't seem to understand why he didn't have bottles. She didn't understand the concept that nursing is the normal, natural way to feed a baby. I do think that book choice is important for what you choose to teach your children, and I think that the author could have at least made reference to the fact that some babies nurse and other babies drink from bottles, but instead she referenced artificial feeding as the way the baby drinks it's milk.  Not everyone breastfeeds, but not everyone bottle feeds either, so a fair mention of both is a reasonable expectation even if the book is written for bottle-feeding families.<br /><br />We got this book today, and I already find some aspects to be problematic, even though my son has only read it twice- he clearly recognizes and pointed out to me that Baby's milk comes in the bottle, and that big brother can help to feed the baby. Well, his baby brother's milk won't come in a bottle, and he also won't be helping to feed him until he starts eating solids (It would have been appropriate to reference that when the baby grows older that big brother can help spoon feed him).<br /><br />Anyway, I'll be returning this book tomorrow. If I find a suitable replacement that is pro-breastfeeding then I'll come back and add that to my review.<br /><br />***Update: We found two books that we really like on this subject; not only are they well written, they are better at opening up discussion and giving a good picture of how the family life will be changing with the coming of the new baby. Check out [[ASIN:0517800748 Hello Baby!]] and [[ASIN:0316788287 What Baby Needs (Sears Children Library)]]! Between the two, I think just about every topic you'd want to prepare your child for is covered, and in a pleasant light. Also, both do gently introduce the idea of Mom breastfeeding, and the second one mentions that as baby is older he may bottle feed too when Mommy has to be away. Both books show a happy, loving, caring family and encourage your child about being a big brother or sister. Although I found \\"I'm a Big Brother\\" to be adorable other than the bottle feeding aspect, I have to say that these two books are better written and more thoroughly introduce many of the different aspects of family life with a new baby.Library)]]! Between the two, I think just about every topic you'd want to prepare your child for is covered, and in a pleasant light. Also, both do gently introduce the idea of Mom breastfeeding, and the second one mentions that as baby is older he may bottle feed too when Mommy has to be away. Both books show a happy, loving, caring family and encourage your child about being a big brother or sister. Although I found \\"I'm a Big Brother\\" to be adorable other than the bottle feeding aspect, I have to say that these two books are better written and more thoroughly introduce many of the different aspects of family life with a new baby.
0394401522|5.0|My family likes to make an interesting Christmas Dinner and so this year we wanted to roast a suckling pig.  Julia Child to the rescue.  We got \\"mastering the Art of French Cooking, Vol. 2 from our local library and found the complete recipe inside with illustrated carving instructions.  Her recipes are detailed and not for the \\"meal 30 minutes\\" group.  But if you follow the directions, after reading them over several times and planning your attack you have a delicious meal.  After using the library's copy we returned it and bought our own copy for future reference.   We are big Julia Child fans, having watched her original TV program and have previously purchased Volume 1.
1599219751|5.0|I caught a movie's trailer \\"The Way Back\\".  The first seconds I viewed the trailer, I had a flashback to a book I read almost 40 years ago - \\"The Long Walk\\" by Slavomir Rawicz. It's a true story.<br /><br />Back in the '50s, a British paper was doing a series on the Yeti. They interviewed a number of experts but none could claim they saw one.  Rawicz did.<br /><br />The paper heard a rumor that a man from the Midlands had seen one and dispatched a reporter to see Rawicz.  It wasn't easy.  It took time to get him to speak of his ordeal.  The reporter realized that the Yeti story was but a chapter to something greater.  Thus the final product \\"The Long Walk\\".  It was the first book I could not put down.<br /><br />The Long Walk is extraordinary with Rawicz' plan of escape with the help of the wife of the prison camp's commissar, the collection of his band including an American he ran into per chance, they set off on their epic journey.  That journey took about 18 months and covered 5,000 miles.  As one reads each chapter, they will be tempted to peek into the next story.<br /><br />\\"The Long Walk\\" so inspired me that I set out for my own walk.  The day before Christmas in 1977, I walked home from school.  It was for one day but I covered 37 miles.  As I walked, I reflected back on the experiences this intrepid band encountered.  I am still awestruck at the determination these men and one woman had to escape to freedom.
0817439390|5.0|This photography book is very good, and you also get access to great video streams from the author.  I took this book on vacation, and would read a chapter a day and then practiced the ideas that were presented in that chapter.  It is written in a manner that most people should be able to understand it.  Another words you wouldn't have had to have a semister of photography in college in order to understand it.  Now that I have returned home I have started viewing the video streams also. They are really informative reviewing the information in each chapter and showing you more expamples of what was disscussed.  I highly recommend this book.
1594202842|2.0|The idea behind the book -- a memoir of a high achieving mother raising high achieving children -- was very intriguing.  And the 2/3 of the book that actually is a memoir is very interesting -- even if you end up believing she is a psychopath, rather than a deeply caring mother who has nailed child rearing.  The problem with the book is that fully 1/3 is a diatribe against \\"Western Mothers\\".  The diatribe against hypothetical Western parents isn't, or shouldn't be, part of her personal story.  And she is just setting herself up for easy criticism.  Western parents are extremely diverse, and although few are as aggressive as she is, many are very involved and very demanding (and many are not).  The book would have been bearable, possibly even enjoyable and educational, if an editor had stepped in and made her remove every word that was against a hypothetical Western parents and leave only the personal stories and experiences, which are interesting.
B000W746GK|4.0|When adapting a well-loved book to the screen, there are certain risks that must be taken and sacrifices to be made. If that book happens to be the second installment of a best-selling series, the stakes are even higher. After the smash success of \\"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone\\" on film, the second book was made into a movie. And while it's by no means bad, there's something about it that just doesn't sit quite right with me.    I guess one of the easiest things to do would be break it down into what I loved - and what I didn't. I'm going to assume that, if you're reading this, you're familiar with the book's plot, so I'll just focus on the movie. The biggest plus in the Harry Potter series has to do with casting; it's one of the few long-running film series I can think of that kept the same main players the entire time. Yes, the kids got older, but their characters did as well. It's wonderful to see everyone back, from the main cast (Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint) to the supporting characters (Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltraine, Tom Felton). Also, as this book features many new characters, filmmakers had to come up with the actors to fill those shoes. Probably the two best casting moves here consist of Kenneth Branagh as the vain yet incompetent Professor Gilderoy Lockhart and Jason Isaacs as Lucius Malfoy, father of Harry's enemy Draco. And it's bittersweet to see Richard Harris in one of his final roles as the beloved Albus Dumbledore.    I was also impressed with how well certain scenes from the book played out; Dobby, the house-elf, was as described on the page, while the Weasleys' flying car seemed even better. For a film that relies heavily on special effects, this one didn't feel over-done, and much of it did occur as I had imagined.    However, there was a lot from the book that was cut out. Due to time constraints (the film does come in at an impressive 2.5 hours) I understand that sacrifices must be made, but one of the novel's main themes (fame) was not even explored in the movie. I also felt that the first hour or so of the film dragged on quite a bit. The book is brilliant in that it slowly builds the intensity level to the final battle; unfortunately that slow-build was missing here.     Is the movie good? Absolutely. Is it a reasonably faithful adaptation of the book? Yes. But it's missing that indefinable something that made the first film sparkle and the book come alive.
B00005JLR2|5.0|This movie is great for boys. I've watched it with my grandson several times.  The only problem I had was with Movie Mars. They sent the wrong DVD. Amazon refunded my postage but it was a hassle to return the video without a provided envelope. So, in all it took a month to get my movie. The company did send the correct movie. Not sure if I'll order from them again.
B001P9EQH8|5.0|I purchased this because the volume coming from the Audio Out jack on my Samsung LCD TV was very muted.  Since most of the reviews here only related to using this with an MP3 or personal audio device, I wasn't sure if it would work.  It actually worked much better than expected.  The amplification from such a small device is surprising.  I was also worried that the amplified sound would be degraded or tinny, but my headphones actually sound better than before, probably because more of the range is being amplified now.      I don't know why Samsung would make a new model HDTV without the proper headphone out or amplified audio out jacks, but this little device saved me.    I also wish that every apartment dweller used headphones for TV viewing.  I'm considering leaving a pair at my downstairs neighbor's door. :-)
B00006JDVV|5.0|Reign of Fire is all Action from the word Go! A Great Cast and a Great Story. The film begins with the accidental release of Fire Breathing Dragon by a British underground subway crew working in London that leads to the creatures quickly breeding and the near destruction of the human race. Matthew McConaughey who plays Van Zan and Christian Bale who plays Quinn a pair Leaders who join forces to destroy the menace that threatens to finish off the few human survivors that still fight on. The action scenes and special effects are first rate, the DVD has very good extras that are a great addition too. If you looking for a great action movie with great special effects, Reign of Fire is a film You'll enjoy.
B003X27L9U|3.0|I stormed through the first third of this book. Both original and well written. Anyone who has or has had a 5 year old child can can understand the insight the book offers into the thoughts of a child this age that. However, the excitement kind of withers out after the escape with a disappointing end. Still a good read. Enjoyed it very much.
0486478998|5.0|The Power of Your Subconscious Mind in an excellent book! I've read several books on this topic and Joseph Murphy does one of the best jobs of conveying what the subconscious mind is and how you can apply its powers in your life by using concrete examples of people who have already done so. Mr. Murphy has provided the world with an excellent book and I highly recommend reading it.
B00005JMJG|5.0|My highest recommendation!  Eternal Sunshine is STILL more original and relevant than [almost] anything/everything that's followed, and there's even some passing parallels to Faulkner for those who enjoy intellectual exercises that go deeper than subtext. It won a [well-deserved] Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, and while the screenplay can certainly stand on its own, what REALLY sets this film apart is how the script embraces the medium of film while simultaneously redefining the medium... and / or the process.<br /><br />The title is a deliberate allusion to Alexander Pope's \\"Eloisa to Abelard,\\" about a tragic love affair in which the heroine's happiness is inversely proportional to her memory:<br /><br />  How happy is the blameless vestal's lot!<br />  The world forgetting, by the world forgot.<br />  Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind!<br />  Each pray'r accepted, and each wish resign'd;<br /><br />The theme is universal enough (Ignorance is bliss, eating the fruit of the tree of knowledge, etc., etc.), but filtered through the mind of Charlie Kaufman, the impossible is not only plausible, its practical!  But is it preferable?<br /><br />If you've never seen it, it may take a while for things to make sense, but if you watch it twice, back to back, I have no doubt you'll thoroughly enjoy the film.  The understated brilliance of Kaufman's screenplay becomes more and more apparent with subsequent (third, fourth, etc.) viewings.<br /><br />Oh - and if you were looking for a review that tells you what the movie is ABOUT, Wikipedia does that rather well.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|The show is very funny with the entire cast being talented comedic actors. The writing is crisp with no shortcuts into bathroom humor or cursing although they do deal with adult themes. Intelligent comedy. I particularly like Julie Bowen who is able to get her character to walk the thin line between stable rock of the family and controlling nutcase.
B002L5GQGY|5.0|This guy is the best new blues with old flavor. combo of Eric Clapton + B. B. King + Stevie Ray Von. Hes written some of these and they are tremendous ! This DVD he plays with Eric and blows him away ! great product!
B003H9MSPG|5.0|My previous Longstrike had an average range of about 20 feet, with 30-35 foot shots every so often, maybe 1 of 10. Some were duds, like about 10 feet. Please don't be hesitant to return for a new one, or at least when you get an excellent one like I got. My new replacement shoots maximum, and maybe further than 35 feet. This one actually hurts at point blank. All in All, I liked it, even the less accurate one, it has a nice feel and is easy to reload, just a little loud when cocking. The accuracy is not that good unless you have brand new darts, however. I think the reason it doesn't shoot far is the variability in its design, maybe more than normal they are produced inferior, but if you get the right one, it should not dissapoint!!
B0042816YK|2.0|I am a huge fan of Julia Roberts and don't mind what people label as chick flicks about self discovery such as \\"Under the Tuscan Sun\\", but this film is so tedious and self indulgent that I had to watch it over two nights.  When I looked at the packaging it was mis-printed and said the running time was 4hours and 46 minutes and it really did feel that long.  To be fair, the first portion of the film that took place in Italy was okay, but the rest of it was dull as dirt.  I am sure there are those who really enjoyed it, but I was not one. Sorry!
B00005QZWI|5.0|The \\"Lord of the Rings\\" Trilogy has undoubtedly unleashed some of the best soundtrack music to date.  This CD is testimony to that fact.   Being such, no wordy opinion of mine is needed on the music itself (there is already plenty of that elsewhere online and I am not a professional music theory analyzer). If you need assurance on the quality of the music I suggest you buy this CD and let the music sell itself. I will give you a rundown on the actual product instead of my personal opinion of the music. Each person has a different opinion and mine simply is that this music is some of the best I have ever heard, and ever will hear.    If you don't own this, you should, especially at present prices.    This disk includes all of the major songs from the \\"Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Ring\\" movie directed by Peter Jackson. Howard Shore is the composer and creator of this music for use in the film. This Original motion picture soundtrack includes 18 tracks of his work on a music CD. It is presented in a jeweled CD case, and mine included the 5 piece insert front cover. The insert has many pictures and includes the lyrics to the few parts in the score that have actual words. Lyrics are included in both Elvish and English for the songs that were sung in Elvish. The CD also supposedly has enhanced content for the computer but I have not tried that part out yet.   Price is a real steal.   Songs on the CD are:   1. The Prophecy   2. Concerning Hobbits   3. The Shadow Of The Past   4. The Treason Of Isengard   5. The Black Rider   6. At The Sign Of The Prancing Pony   7. A Knife In The Dark   8. Flight To The Ford   9. Many Meetings   10. The Council Of Elrond [featuring the song \\"Aniron (Theme For Aragorn And Arwen)\\" composed & performed by Enya]   11. The Ring Goes South   12. A Journey In The Dark   13. The Bridge Of Khazad Dum   14. Lothlorien   15. The Great River   16. Amon Hen   17. The Breaking Of The Fellowship   18. May It Be [composed & performed by Enya]If you haven't heard all of these songs ... buy this.   Why shouldn't you get the \\"Complete Recordings\\" instead?  Maybe you should, but consider two things: Price vs. Extra.   The price for the complete recordings is way higher than for this ($6 vs. $50). For the extra $$$ you get a fancier box, more paper material, more music on three CD's and other stuff beyond.   Why don't I just save that money to get the better \\"Complete Recordings\\" soundtrack?  Because $6 isn't going to make that much of a difference in saving up $50.   Don't get me wrong, The \\"Complete Recordings\\" are nice if you can afford them, but don't discredit this CD as being inferior.   For the $6 you get all the \\"Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring\\" music you expected from the film and more.   You could buy this, then listen to it while you are saving up for the bigger set, all for a measly $6.  Even if you already had the \\"Complete Recordings\\" I would still suggest getting this for the price.  No matter the format or presentation, the music remains unparalleled.   Last Quote:   Tony Stark - Iron Man 1 \\"... and I say, is it too much to ask for both?\\"
0307266303|5.0|I really enjoyed the adventure aspect of this book as well as his brief forays into the science of running. I would recommend it as an entertaining read to any runner.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|As I thoroughly enjoyed the first 3 seasons, Season 4 did not disappoint. It just keeps getting better! And when I order it from Amazon, it is always rec'd quickly and when they say it will be.
1401219268|2.0|Part of Watchmen's acclaim involves how it supplanted the modern superhero archetypes and made them into real people. The Clark Kent-esque Dan Dreiberg is a depressed loser who pines over female superheroes. The Comedian, similar to Wolverine from the X-Men with his brutality and emphasis on force, is a rapist and serial killer. Yet these characters in their reality as pitiful as they are, are still the main characters and do the deeds of crime fighters in the real world. Essentially Watchmen is a look at what would the real world be like if there were costumed people going around doing the deeds they do in the comic books.<br /><br />Dave Gibbons's art has been praised as great. I would not pen that same exclamation as it is very reminiscent of other comics written around its era, but for a story as gritty as this one, it works. The superheroes are drawn as realistically as you would expect costumed superheroes to look like. The first Silk Spectre is dressed like a prostitute with a bad mullet, the Comedian wears an outfit so stars and stripes that I imagine it is given to the tenth Dan of Rex Kwon Do, and Ozymandias sports an outfit that, while you could see it in a superhero comic, you could also imagine someone at Caesar's Palace wearing it too. There are also many little Easter Eggs hidden in the artwork, such as one chapter which is a palindrome, or a recurring smiley face.<br /><br />The story starts off with one of the superheroes, the Comedian, defenestrated and lying dead in the street. One of his old partners, Rorschach, is convinced that someone is going after the rest of the remaining superheroes, all now retired, save those working for the government from success in their previous careers. He visits the rest of the superheroes but none of them buy his story, and as the Comedian is laid to rest, the superheroes in attendance of his funeral reminisce on their roles in stopping crime and fighting abroad in Vietnam. Other world powers have grown tense as this is the Cold War period and the threat of another conflict is on the precipice. Things eventually run full circle as the superheroes assume their old roles and find out the secret behind the Comedian's murder.<br /><br />The beginning is extremely promising as most of Rorschach's former companions think him a kook mired in conspiracy theories and to an extent, they're right. The Comedian alone is built to be such an atrocious character that even though he is dead, he is felt by the characters in the present at revulsion for the numerous atrocities he committed, and his death remains a mystery. Another superhero, Dr. Manhattan, who after being vaporized in a physics experiment was reborn as a god, is growing detached from humanity and is eventually interrogated on the suspicion of giving several people cancer, whereupon he runs to Mars. The world powers grow tenser and another world war seems imminent.<br /><br />While the premise is innovative for the comic book industry, adding realism to a work is not a new story idea. The history of Western storytelling alone is at least two-thousand years old and people give far too much credit to an idea that some people would think obvious. That being, superheroes in the real world would be dysfunctional people tied too far back to their old lives without understanding a whit of how reality works at all. Fortunately there is more to the story than that concept alone. The alternate universe of Watchmen goes to great lengths to show how integral the role costumed vigilantes played in concert with cops and firefighters and the world feels real. More importantly, there are little snippets offered at the end of each chapter such as a journal entry from one of the old superheroes meditating on his life that breathes history into the characters and the plot.<br /><br />Yet the realism goes one step further into darker territory and comes off as hokey forced writing. A psychiatrist has a disturbing new client and the work is beginning to get to him but all his wife does is mock him and insult him, saying that she needs sex. Later on the psychiatrist sees people on the street who need help and decides to help them, but his wife threatens to leave him based on that alone. Most of the relationships are bluntly portrayed as dysfunctional, but what is irritating is how all the women are nagging shrews and the men are either spineless wimps or vicious thugs. Dr. Manhattan eventually brings the Silk Specter to Mars with him and despite that he started the Martian Book of Genesis while the earth is facing the end of days, all she can do is whine about her pathetic life with her eyeliner running constantly. Or there is a fictional in-universe comic story meant as a parallel of the actual story's events thrown around about a man growing increasingly insane to highlight how intense things have gotten in the real story, but this parallel story reaches its acherontic peak early in its telling and most of the later events are only exaggerated grim happenings to the point of absurdity. At the end of each chapter, a quote from Bob Dylan, Friedrich Nietzsche, or other such figures, is thrown around to emphasize the obviously dark themes of the story but all this shows is that Alan Moore is so terribly unimaginative he has to crib quotes from greater writers.<br /><br />There are times when it seems that the story is more layered than it is. The Comedian once confides that he saw terrible things that the real villain was plotting and was broken down in tears. Yet the Comedian is so bloodthirsty that I expected him to simply revel in the madness, as he took pleasure in war and killing people several times before, including his pregnant lover. Barring reacting as a sociopath, he should have been cruelly pragmatic as he always was and found a solution to the problem without much sweat. Yet instead he acts like a blubbering crybaby in contrast to his characterization throughout the entire story to show that even bad guys love their mothers. Nothing can be completely dark because then it would not have those hip shades of gray. Pollyanna would be preferable to the amount of cheese grated here.<br /><br />An early problem is that while the story starts strong, it loses steam quickly as the mystery of the Comedian's murder is cast aside in favor of a romance between two of the old superheroes reunited by said murder. They don't really do much besides commenting on how crazy Rorschach is and they don't have much in common either. Then, they decide, that, yeah, they probably should find out why the Comedian died. At times the story reaches a huge lull, with way too many words appropriate for a graphic storytelling medium as every word said by a news correspondont is written down, two new characters discussing something completely irrelevant to the plot, or just long stretches of introspection that don't really go anywhere. A serious offender is the Dr. Manhattan chapter, with an extremely tedious stream-of-consciousness style that fails to capture how interesting a look into the mind of God would be.<br /><br />But the real disaster is that either the story reiterates themes already said earlier or plausible for anyone to imagine from mere contemplation, such as that superheroes in real life would be terrible people, or that the complex plotting does not amount to much. The mystery behind the Comedian's murder takes a character barely introduced in the story with little to no personality whatsoever, and assigns the villain role with a whole, \\"You fell into my trap you fools!\\" exposition. Quite frankly it would be more amusing if a man in a pickle suit turned out to be the supervillain instead of the actual character. Worse yet, the actual truth why the Comedian was killed involves an extremely complex and vile plan done in the service of a greater good. This is supposed to make the story realistic by having gray characters but while this is novel for comic books in the simple dichotomy of superheroes and supervillains, this is not great storytelling when compared to real books. The villain's plan is also meant as a solution to the Cold War tensions, but is so laughably childish that anyone who would peg him as a complex character is just as one-dimensional as he is. That was doubtlessly the intent, but I do not see why I had to be bored at the same time.<br /><br />And for all the darkness in the story, despite how much the world seems ready to end, the day is saved. It is obvious the world saved is not a perfect one but we do not see how distorted this it is except that a few know the bloody foundation it was built upon. Still, it's a pretty happy world. There are hints that it could collapse at any moment but none of that ever happens. That is my main problem with Watchmen. There are always hints of something that will throw the world off the edge of its seat but it never happens because something random always comes out of nowhere to either save the day, or the plot suddenly diverts to something else completely unrelated and is only mentioned again as something that is, yes, still completely bad, but nothing has happened even though it's supposed to be completely horrible. I for one wanted to see what would happen if the world ended. I think when you make God an actual character in your story taking place in the real world nonetheless, you raise the bar a little bit as to what can happen.<br /><br />At one point in the story, two characters are arguing with each other about the next course of action. One does not want to do anything while the other is trying to emphasize how important it is that they act. While arguing, the character for action suddenly remembers a past event differently and has a revelation out of nowhere about their father's real identity. Then the other character that was all for doing nothing changes gears and is ready to fight. And that's all Watchmen is. A bunch of random stuff happening.
B0010X73ZG|5.0|It's difficult to rank the Stephen King works that have made it to the silver screen.  Among them, I'd rank Shawshank Redemption and the Green Mile as the best two.  With that said, I believe no higher praise can be given to one of his works - considering the aforementioned duo are 5-star classics - than to say The Mist probably drifts its way into the award ceremony and snatches the bronze medal with a flesh-tearing tentacle.  It should come as no surprise then, that Frank Darabont was the writer/director of all three.<br /><br />The setup: A dense mist that rolls in from the nearby military science facility envelops a coastal town, causing townsfolk to congregate at the supermarket for supplies.  When otherworldly creatures begin to emerge from the mist divisive factions form.  Some spurred on Mrs. Carmody (Marcia Gay Harden) - a religious zealot whose fire and brimstone sermons prey upon scripture ignorance and fear of the unknown to spawn a cult-like following - believe the monsters to be an Old Testament prediction come true, while others, led by pragmatic but terrified everyman David Drayton (Thomas Jane), scramble to protect themselves and attempt to rationalize the mounting deaths from monsters...some of which did not come from the mist.<br /><br />Ultimately this film successfully explores the erosion of humanity and logic in the face of extreme terror.  It's akin to sacrifices atop pyramids because the volcano gods needed to be placated.  Much of mankind will eventually devolve towards beastly behavior when faced with a catastrophic situation that cannot be explained.  In that regard, I believe the movie is incredibly believable; psyches would fracture and reason would disappear if monsters appeared out of nowhere and began killing us in an array of terrifyingly lethal methods.<br /><br />The entire production of this film is superb.  Everything from acting to FX is nearly perfect in my opinion.  One aspect, however, stood out more than ever before.  The score exudes the very essence of the onscreen mood, and composer Mark Isham absolutely rips emotion out of the viewer's chest.  The Host of Seraphim is, in and of itself, a masterpiece of emotionally challenging music that loops infinitely in my nightmares.  It captures the haunting nature of the entire movie and perfectly accompanies the tragically surprising ending that suggests even the most reasoned of us all, when we believe hope is lost, has a monster lurking within.<br /><br />Jason Elinence of the onscreen mood, and composer Mark Isham absolutely rips emotion out of the viewer's chest.  The Host of Seraphim is, in and of itself, a masterpiece of emotionally challenging music that loops infinitely in my nightmares.  It captures the haunting nature of the entire movie and perfectly accompanies the tragically surprising ending that suggests even the most reasoned of us all, when we believe hope is lost, has a monster lurking within.    Jason Elin
0374290024|4.0|Why The West Rules- for Now is a unique look at how civilization has evolved and in particular, the driving forces of developement in both the east and the west.  It is a mixture of archaeology, history, economics and sociology.  The book is split into several parts, it begins with the origin of man, going thru how homo sapien came into existence and goes through the migratory patterns of pre-human ancestry.  This is then followed with a study of ancient civilization, how it evolved and how society was structured.  It follows then as a history lesson for major eastern and wester civilization and then finally ends with an analysis of today.  I will attempt to break down the book into its 3 parts.    The first part of the book I found the least intereting part of the book.  It is a study of early man and the origins of our species.  It goes through the bone records throughout the planet of various pre-human species and explores the possible differences in origin of eastern and western people.  The author then goes through why the evidence does not support such a thesis at all, ie that eastern people can from a different, inferior genetic crop.  Ive never heard such arguments in recent history and spending 60 pages on a subject that hasnt been proposed for the last 20 years was a bit of a waste of time.    The book then takes a turn for the better in going through ancient civilization.  The history of civilization is the meat of the book.  The author goes through, by defining a social index based on some objective measures of \\"sophistication\\", the map of human developement in both east and west.  The author then shows the evolution of both cultures, with the west outperforming and then underperforming post the fall of rome, only to outperform again post the industrial revolution.  The author discusses the stresses and engines of growth of civilizations at each age and is very interested in describing the dynamics between these stresses and engines as the means to understanding their limitations.  One gets a solid re-introduction to modern civilization by reading this section.  The explanation of the differences between the developement in civilization is described as a function of several variables and puts the relative outperformance of the west over the east to be of geographic origin, in particular having sea channels to formalize trade in early civilization and the proximity to the americas in later civilization.  In addition the weather patterns at the dawn of civilization clearly impacted defined where the first agricultural societies could form.    As we get to the conclusion we get to the most interesting aspect of the book which is the authors conclusion.  The author believes the reader should not focus on east and west.  In particular he believes in the shrinking world in which labour has become a more tradeable good and we are far more interconnected than we have ever been, it can be difficult to disentangle different cultures.  As a result he believes we are at a new crossroads in which either, we will stop our upward trajectory and turn back in our developement index or we will break through into a new age.  The author takes a somewhat unique view of the world by looking at it as testing a new developement cieling.  In a certain sense its a modified Malthusian argument, where the contraint is now resource extraction and production in conjunction with environmental repurcussions.  One can get a lot out of the book, the perspective of the conclusion I thought was fresh and interesting, the rest of the book was informative in most places and in some it debated points that werent worthy of the time the author put in.
0060936223|4.0|A sweet, beautifully written tribute. Patti Smith has long been my hero, and to read the story of her long relationship with Robert Mapplethorpe in her own words is wonderful. Her National Book Award was well deserved. I especially treasure the stories about their young love and support for each other when they were struggling to define their artistry--it is bravery I admire. Much like the refrain in a song, there is repetition, but it is poetic rather than boring, and the overall tone of the book is tender, even intense, but never sensational. Her personal photographs and descriptions of lost or never-seen artworks are particularly valuable. Having known what it is to lose my best friend to a dreaded disease, I find comfort in her loving recollections.
0736092269|4.0|This is a decent book explaining a variety of different weight lifting exercises and how to do each one properly.  I was disappointed that it does not go into any detail about overall weightlifting programs and how to structure a full body workout.  Great details about the individual exercises, but not much else.
B004DK5CYM|2.0|So boring. It was really a huge disappointment I had bought this used for a present and watched it first, now i'm not even sure I can gift this without being embarrassed at how bad it is... I recommend any other horse movie ever made over this one.
031250926X|5.0|My son simply adores this book. It's bigger and sturdier than most interactive board books, and he could just slide the windows open and close them all day.
B000VSAEYI|2.0|after using for one month it didn't hold air anymore, so i have to buy new for this season and it's not so much fun for 3 years olds, they need something bigger and more attraction, because this one is too bored, not much to do.
B000LCJ4AE|5.0|It is important to note that Senator Strom Thurmond initially wrote a forwad for the author of this book, Mr. Philip Corso. This forward spoke of a great American patriot (Mr. Corso) who was at the center of a great number of classified projects which were of extreme national security to our country. Mr. Corso acknowledges that he did not tell Senator Thurmond the subject of the book because he knew Senator Thurmond would feel the pressure of ridicule that has been sown into our country at the thought of the UFO subject.<br /><br />After the book was pubilished,Senator Thurmond asked Mr. Curso to remove which was done. But that forward says alot about a man (Mr. Curso) who was trusted with information that was part of our national security. There are many naysayers who argue that Mr. Curso lied about his record during the writing of his book but even if that is the case,this means we had an unreliable person with access to a large amount of classified information. I find it hard to believe that so many people continued giving trust to Col. Curso on project after project if he was a liar;the military is not perfect at all, but his lying would have come up sooner than 40 years later. Read this book with an open mind and then look at what he is claiming happened. But don't forget to look at other information that has been declassified over the years to see where his account could take part.
B002HJ9PTO|5.0|I received the handy little microphone and got it working right away.  It has lots of wire so that you can be far away from the camera.  It was a good price and I love it!
B002ZG98UA|5.0|Love it....Love it...Love it. The ending said another movie is on the way.  Can't Wait. Milla Jovovich Is my favorite female Action Hero, Beating out Segourny Weaver  of Alien fame.
1439181780|3.0|This book is an easy and uplifting read.  It may sound simplistic yet it is perplexing at times and one may find it difficult to apply the principles outlined in this book.  I think I need to reread this book again and again to fully understand what the Author is trying to convey.
B002ZG9846|5.0|WOW!!! You've just got to watch this thing all the way through...then you'll watch it again. I haven't seen anything this compelling since the first Matrix movie, and this is probably better. You'll probably want the score and music too (they are on separate disks.)
B000TO0TCQ|5.0|the ending really suprized me. il say one thing and one thing only, that was some amazing book. im dieing to get the next book but i dont have the money!
B003ELOQCU|4.0|Buying u2's music and special edittions since 1986... Well this is the kind of concerts w the audio quality that a PRAGMATIC U2 collector should consider to buy.   The Production Show is another step     Could be better:  .The Pictures Book included ( more of the same) should include more thinks in stead od pictures and pictures, what about speechs transcriptions, the history of the African Priest, The beatifull history of Amazing Grace song  .The Audio: Is interesting how many years since a life album (not just for web subscribers, etc )
B000BMYWYC|5.0|If you're building a plastic model anything, be sure to pick a bottle/jar of this up!   Works very well! remember not to apply too much!
1597801585|5.0|The Windup Girl is science fiction at its best. It creates a future where bioterror or biowar  is a common occurrence and its impacts on humanity are dire. At first the complex story lines   can be a little hard to follow, but stick with this fine novel! It becomes a powerful and complex  story of what might be in the future with global warming and shifting food supplies. Several times  after reading this book I have seen its issues in news from around the world--controversies over  control of hybrid seed crops in Brazil for example and problems with reoccurrence of wheat rust  because seed lines have become genetically fragile. But this is also a powerful human story of the  struggle to be true to principle and decency in chaotic times.
0786888628|2.0|The reporting of strictly factual information in this book is well done and good reading.  The political analysis, which makes up about half the book, is juvenile and pretty much unreadable except maybe for a laugh.  According to Halberstam's weird world view, Douglas MacArthur was the worst general in history and close to a criminal traitor.  Every military officer who worked for MacArthur was an incompetent sycophant in Halberstam's alternative universe, Dean Acheson of all people the greatest strategic thinker of the twentieth century, every Republican office holder in the Korean War era a paid servant of nationalist China, and every Democrat a saintly toiler only for the public good.  This drivel goes on for page after page, just getting sillier and sillier.
B0009A40ES|5.0|American Psycho is an adaptation of an incredible book written by Bret Easton Ellis, and this movie definitely captures everything the book stands for. Christian Bale is simply amazing, and his portrayal of Patrick Bateman is simply mindblowing! This movie will keep you interested until the very end, where there is a big surprise waiting for you! The cast is incredible and doesn't disappoint. 5/5
1423113381|2.0|At least one hit wonders stop with that .. one hit. Please use a new cookie cutter and come up with a slightly inventive plot.
B00000889Y|5.0|In my opinion, THE one to start with if you're just getting into the cramps. I think that even though its a compilation, it really brings together the psychobilly sound that they are known for. My favorite album by them. DEFINATELY worth getting.
B001V9LPWQ|5.0|I probably saw this film as a child, but don't remember much about it.  Last night, as a middle aged adult, I watched it on Blu-ray.  It is now obvious to me why this film is held in such reverence.  The famous Russian film director Sergei Eisenstein said \\"Snow White\\" was the greatest film ever made.  He may be right.  This movie is a testament to the genius of Walt Disney.  Seeing it on Blu-ray is an incredible experience.  The color, video, and sound quality are nothing less then phenomenal for a film made in 1937.  It is obvious the Disney company lovingly remastered the video and audio, and did a spectacular job at it.  \\"Snow White\\" is much more than a movie, it is art at the highest level.  It was a groundbreaking acheivement when it was created, being the first feature length animated film, and its magic is timeless, like all great art.    You may have seen this movie as a child but you haven't really seen it until you're an adult.  Needless to say, I plan on purchasing many more Disney classics on Blu-ray.  Highly recommended!
B000V9D5LG|4.0|IT IS A GOOD ZOOM LENS I AM JUST LEARNING HOW TO USE A CAMERA OF THIS CALIBER SO I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS LENS WORKS REAL GOOD IN SPORTS MODE THE AT FOCUS IS NICE THE IS IS A NICE ON THE LENS ALSO HAVING FUN WITH THIS LENS
B003L20ICE|1.0|I thought I was going crazy when I watched this! I'd heard so many good things about this film and omg it was one of the worst, most disgusting and appalling movies I've ever seen and I'm not joking.
B0040PYVTW|5.0|If you enjoy Al Green, Sly and the Family Stone and 70's soul, you will love this album.  Great beat, great lyrics and a solid back-up band.  Consistent, strong songs throughout this album.  \\"Momma Hold My Hand\\" is destined to be a Mother's Day classic.  If \\"I Need A Dollar\\" and \\"Loving You Is Killing Me\\" don't make you move, something is seriously wrong. Saw Aloe Blacc in Washington, DC in December 2010 and was blown away by his charisma.  Listening to Good Things always puts a smile on my face and a dance in my step.  Feel good album of the year with great social commentary.
0312600844|3.0|Inevitably, the first and last sections of the novel (clocking in at a whopping 50 or less pages) are the most interesting/well-written/entertaining. The first section gives an overview of the characters and their respective troubles adapting to Suburban life. The last section deals primarily with cats killing songbirds and how one man won't stand for it. In between, however, we are treated to a seemingly endlessly contrived plot. A marital affair with a rock star. A half-hearted indictment of mountaintop removal (ostensibly the books raison d'etre, this takes up only a scant portion of the page count- the affair stealing time from it for whatever reason, perhaps to attract a less activist-associated fanbase?). A very long scene of someone digging through poop in a toilet (AGAIN WITH THE POO JONATHAN? I THOUGHT WE HAD ENOUGH OF THAT WITH ALFRED'S TALKING TURD IN THE CORRECTIONS?!!). Not to mention a very, very out-of-left-field contrived Car Accident that happens in a paragraph. I know this is how accidents happen in real life, but here it just felt convenient for the plot.   I don't mean to disparage this novel. It did keep me interested. It just didn't feel like literature ala The Corrections. It was sappy, for lack of a better word, which is a shame because Jonathan Franzen is obviously a talented scribe. It just felt like he spent way, way, WAAAAY too much of the 562 pgs delving into issues that didn't matter. Example: Near the end of the novel, Patty goes around to her relatives and tries to make things right with her father's estate. Except for thespian sister Abigail, we haven't met many of these characters yet so we are treated to lengthy, page-long paragraphs describing how they are related, what their MOs are, so to speak. This sort of bland, heavy-handed characterization could have been excused had it occurred 300 pages earlier. As it is, placed after the book's multiple climaxes, it comes off as ridiculously out-of-place. This took JF nine years to write? Really?  As compared to The Corrections' wonderfully original protagonists, the Berglunds really are a lost family. Be that as it may, they deserve better than this. Freedom has some good ideas. With a few re-writes, I think it could be a stunner. Not just the black sheep embarrassment of its older, more successful cousin The Corrections.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|For those of you looking to see your favorite \\"Firefly\\" star, Nathan Fillion, hit the screens again, Castle is an excellent new show. The characters have chemistry, the stories are intriguing, and the action isn't too bad either. My only complaint, and it's a minor one, is that some of the audio taping wasn't as clean as it should have been, making some of the lines hard to hear. Overall though, I love the show.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|These are definitely the ideal headphones for studio mixes. The flat response is awesome in giving the accurate sound to mix vocals and much more. When put to the task, these headphones also bump bass really good. They have taken quite a beating with falls and such over the year, and still perform as if they were fresh out the package. If these ever happen to break, there's no doubt in my mind I would purchase the same headphones for my studio. Sony did a good job with these instant classics!
B0013XW2A4|2.0|While one of my favorite novels, the alarming number of typos really distracted from the enjoyment. Actually even dug out and went back to my old paperback copy twice to sort out an ambiguity - and I don't mean with Mellors' dialect. Purchase another version if you want less than forty to fifty errors in your book!
B000002HMH|5.0|It always seems like whenever thrash metal bands try to explore new sounds and melodies, a majority of their fans react very negatively. Like Megadeth with their Risk album, Metallica has their Load & Re-Load albums. These two albums have sharply divided fans of all kinds. Personally, I don't see what's so terrible about them. Sure, almost all of the songs have a blues atmosphere that are pretty much non-existent in songs from earlier albums. But that doesn't mean that they hold a very poor quality in terms of music and lyrics. With Load, the songs are still as good (if not excellent) as older songs such as \\"For Whom the Bell Tolls\\" and \\"One.\\" \\"2 x 4,\\" \\"The House Jack Built,\\" and \\"Thorn Within\\" are very well-performed. \\"Hero of the Day\\" is one of the prime examples of Metallica's new sound: as a whole, it is like a desert sunset compared to the mighty thunderstorm in Ride the Lightning. \\"King Nothing\\" remains as one of the band's most under-appreciated songs. The other songs (such as \\"Until It Sleeps,\\" \\"Poor Twisted Me,\\" and \\"Ronnie\\") share a unique quality in terms of brand new sounds.<br /><br />Load may not be Metallica's greatest achievement, but it sure holds up for fifteen years. An underrated album, definitely.<br /><br />Grade: 9.3/10<br /><br />Also from Metallica<br />-Ride the Lightning (9.8/10) [[ASIN:B000002H2H Ride the Lightning]]<br />-Master of Puppets (8/10) [[ASIN:B000002H33 Master of Puppets]]<br />-...And Justice for All (9.7/10) [[ASIN:B000002H6C ...And Justice For All]]<br />-The Black Album (9.8/10) [[ASIN:B000002H97 Metallica]]
0316069485|5.0|One of Michael Connelly's best mystery thrillers. Not only do Harry Bosch and his half-brother Mickey Haller get to team up for once, on the same side of the case, the two daughters, cousins Hayley and Maddie, meet each other for the first time. We learn more about what distinguishes these two compelling heroes (and the women in their lives) in the course of following a suspenseful plot to its unlikely but somehow inevitable conclusion. Connelly knows just what information to provide and what to hold back. The flavor of the courtroom is masterfully in his control as well, of course, as are brushstrokes of local color (the Santa Monica pier is perfectly described as is a memorable So Cal sunset over the Pacific). A really pleasurable book.
B001D84NKQ|5.0|This is one of the few movie sondtracks that actually has all the best songs from the movie.  Moreover, as a bonus, in between some tracks are very cool lines from the movie.  It has some really unique bands and songs that can get you pumped up for a night out, a workout, going to work, or simply just enjoyable to listen.  Fantastic soundtrack, highly recommended.
B002ZG98UA|1.0|Positives:   This might be the last one although they left it open to push another low budget, storyline and graphics ripoff from other movies, sequel as a possibility. This series actually started out fairly interesting but got progressively worse with each sequel.     Negatives:  (1.) Really cheap wire aerials - spins, flips, wall running, etc. that look a lot like '70s Hong Kong martial art movie effects.   (2.) Matrix high speed camera (therefore super slow effects) bullets and character movement. These days - really boring.   (3.) K-Mart selection of stereotypic characters that have no function other than to provide a minimal amount of drama for the cheapest buck.   (4.) Really lame graphics, almost '80s level in quality and creativeness.   (5.) Unimaginative storytelling. How many movies have zombies surrounding some mini-fortress and tunnel ,or whatever, in and then get blasted just to sell the visuals to zombie audiences.   (6.) Script writers that work for minimum wage of $7/hr because all they can come up with are sentences using no more than seven words per sentence (that's a dollar per monosyllabic word).   (7.) Sad to see Milla get weaker with age as you will notice when she shakingly holds her pistols. Time to pursue less physically demanding roles.
B003R0LBVW|1.0|Unless you like shallow and unbelievable characters.....save your money. I had to force myself to finish this book thinking it had to get better. It doesn't!!!!! Save your time and money!!!
B0044XV3QY|5.0|If you liked the original movie, you will like the additions in the extended version.  Lots of extras such as, how they made the special effects look so real and several deleated items included.
044654759X|5.0|The protagonist, Erin, was married to Kevin Tierney, a detective with the Dorchester, PA Police Department. They met when Kevin rescued her from two men who had grabbed her when she was walking home from work late at night.At first he treated her \\"like a princess,\\" but later abused her both physically and mentally. When she finally found the courage and the means to leave him, she found a new and what she hoped would be a safe place to start over. She changed her name to Katie and tried to settle down to life in the small southern town of Southport, North Carolina. She met and fell in love with a man, Alex, a widower with two children, but was afraid to commit to a permanent relationship and marriage. She was still married to Kevin and was still afraid he'd eventually find her. The story has a happy ending, but not without some terrors and some surprises.  Nicholas Sparks, as always, tells a beautiful story with believable characters living life as it really is. Alma Winters, Author \\"Once Upon a Time Tales.\\"
B003XQRZ7E|5.0|After a some very good supergroups over the last few years (Chickenfoot and Them Crooked Vultures) comes the best one yet! Black Country Communion has the feel of classic Led Zep and Coverdale era Deep Purple. Solid songs great arrangements and pure rock riffs.I'm not saying a retro feel because it's refreshing to hear a truly talented band making REAL music after so much crap by a bunch of no talents. One of the most enjoyable albums I have heard in the last 10 years!
B003EYVXSW|5.0|I will be recommending this movie to everyone I know. Every one who reads this should watch it. It will change your life.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|The video came quickly and is in great condition- like new!! As usual, if they would let Jack do it his way the show would have been called \\"12\\".
0061537969|5.0|I LOVE, LOVE LOVED this book!!! I had recently lost a beloved dog and my heart was sick so I read the book with tears flowing and have gifted it many times over!! I hope it is all true and we will meet once again somewhere...
B00005JJX8|4.0|Fun movie to watch and own. Great for the whole family. Great cast. Would be a nice addition to a movie collection. When movies had style and grace.
1439181780|5.0|This book is a great read, and I definitely encourage anyone pondering over its worthiness to go ahead and purchase it. Chances are that you will read this book more than any other sitting on your bookshelf.    Formerly, I was reluctant about buying The Power, since I had read the Secret and followed that book up with a lot of research on the Law of Attraction (which is what the Secret and the Power are essentially about). I believed I had hit the critical point where there was no more to learn about LOA and everything associated to it... However, I decided to get it since I had given my copy of The Secret to a friend, and I wanted something inspirational and new to read even if it meant reading a repitition of what I had learned.    I was thoroughly surprised by how much I benefitted from reading the book. Rhonda Byrne explains simple concepts in this book, yet they are so simple they are profound.    The words in the book eloquently sketch out the simplicity behind the Secret. It is not a redundant sequel to The Secret (as I skeptically had believed it was), as a matter of fact it is deeper and perhaps even more moving.     So if you are looking for a book that will make a direct impact on your life, this is the book I would recommend.  I do not think there is anyone who can read the book and leave it without feeling atleast a little different. It \\"hits home\\", if that makes sense.    Also, you do not need to read the Secret to understand the Power, but reading the Secret is an experience of its own.      Hopes this helps.
B000JMLFLW|4.0|Well it's quite simply a classic! I was only 12 when the TV show came on and remember becoming transfixed by it. It propelled me to Austen's books and I haven't looked back since. Simply, a thoroughly good read for anyone who likes a delightful love story and appreciates fine story telling that really gives you a sense of its characters.
B003DZX44I|2.0|This product is a bunch of extra padding in order to explain its exorbitant price.    Its the entire 2-Disc DVD edition packed in with the single disc Blu Ray to avoid any extra (heaven forbid) production effort. 1 Blu-Ray could effortless hold all of this, but instead we get a sub par set filled with tons of SD featurettes -- just so they can say \\"3 discs\\" and justify the high price.  This is not in the spirit of Blu-Ray, and makes the product come off as cheaply inflated.  Quality products justify their price, but throwing excess plastic at us is not the way to do it.
B000QRIGLC|5.0|This book will challenge how you think about the men and women who serve our nation! Ordinary people doing extraodinary things so that we can live in peace and freedom. A must read!
0312370849|5.0|Our NO NAME BOOK CLUB read and reviewed Sarah's Key and found both the reading and discussion to be excellent.  Most of    us are in our 6os and 70s so we can recall the Second World War and  none of us had any idea the French had had such  a big and evil part in rounding up the Jewish people to be exterminated.  It was an eye-opener for us and ignited many   personal stories around the War.  We all agreed the author has done a masterful job of writing and we would highly recommend the book.  We have 20 women in our book Club and meet once a month, so we have read many, many books and  this would rate  on our  \\"best books read\\" list.   Our book club has existed for nearly 40 years now and most of the  members  are connected to Concordia College, Moorhead, MN is some way.  Several of the members purchased our books from Amazon.        Esther Allen
0783240287|5.0|I'm so glad I purchased this DVD. I'm about to jump head first into this play in my community and this DVD has helped prepare me. I truly recommend it to anyone interested in quality showmanship, music and this message of beliving in your dreams and forgiveness.
B004HYDL1K|1.0|Worst movie I've ever seen.  Bailed after the first 5 minutes.  I like action movies, but this was just disgusting.
159102594X|4.0|This is the author's first debut and I must say it is an excellent one.  Joe Abercrombie creates characters that you like and some you hate.  But, you will be curious as to what happens to them.  The only flaw I would say is the fact that there are to many characters.  Although they are all unique sometimes you get annoyed when you are forced to read a chapter about a character you don't like.        Regardless I will certainly be finishing this trilogy.
B003N5VOUO|5.0|I just finished watching a rented copy of this movie and logged on to purchase it for my son who is studying theatre.  I've read some of the negative reviews and I hope those reviewers get a chance to view the movie again, maybe in a few months.  It takes time for new ideas to sink in and for minds to open and embrace change.  Using aspergers to frame an understanding of experiences is genius - Khan understands language more literally than most people and has a more difficult time picking up social cues and expressing himself.  He also dislikes touch which makes the romance underlying the film both sweet and also comical - helpful in offsetting the many serious issues.  Having been taught right from wrong in very beautiful and simple scenes between the wonderful actress playing his mother and the talented young actor playing the young Khan, he has strong values which help him face prejudice stemming from his aspergers, his looks, and his religion.    The movie is a bit over the top, managing to work in school bullying, sibling rivalry, immigration, identification of aspergers (his sister-in-law is a professor of psychology - maybe that could have been handled in a more natural subtle way), living as an adult with aspergers (employment, relationships, parenting), single motherhood, 9/11 and the racism that followed and the wars, death of a child, terrorism, media coverage, a Katrina-like storm in a tiny southern town (although I loved those scenes), and even the 2008 election and meeting the president.  While the movie could have made the same points in a simpler way by focusing on just one or two geographic areas, it was very entertaining and touching.  And pulling in all the different topics made it easier to see how most people have some prejudices, even though they only recognize the prejudices of the people who hurt them.      I loved the music, particularly using \\"We shall overcome,\\" in multiple languages.  Music is so powerful and finding common ground in music can bring people together.  I also loved the several parts of the movie where people came together to worship although they were from different faiths.    I recommend this film for families with older children.  There are several languages spoken with subtitles in sections which makes it a perfect movie for older children who haven't been exposed to a variety of cultures.  And everyone, young and old, can benefit from a reminder that the only real difference between people that matters is whether they do good deeds or bad.
0811876373|5.0|Cake Pops by Angie Dudley = Great instructional book, Clear and easy instructions with very helpful pictures, Love the tips. All the Pops are a great hit at parties.If I had to pick my favorite Pop \\"Ice Cream Cone Sundaes\\" the kids go nuts over this POP!  Thanks Maria.
B000YJ54DU|1.0|I was very disappointed that the author decided to have Jack Reacher say crap like - there hasn't been a war worth fighting since WWII. And all the stuff implying government conspiracies. It's not that Reacher should like war, but simply that he had been above politics until now. If I wanted to read novels with leftist heros I wouldn't have read the first 11 of the Reacher books. Please Mr. Child, do not project any more of your personal political views on Jack Reacher!
B002N5N4M6|1.0|To CBS: Turn down the laugh track, I'd like to (1) hear the jokes, and (2) laugh on my own. For a show that many seem to think is so smart, I'm surprised to find this to be the case.
B00488I8O0|1.0|Buyer beware!  In the item description, this says it is the Classic Rock special edition 132-page magazine on Motorhead, a metal Motorhead pin, and the new CD 'The World Is Yours'.  It is actually just the CD, which will be out in the US shortly for a third the price with a DVD included.
B004FEFZU2|4.0|I saw this in the movies and thought it was a good Saw movie even though it needed Jigsaw (Tobin Bell)in it more. My question is, do 3D glasses come with this or should I have saved them from when I watched the movies?   Thanks,   Jack
0321701763|5.0|My new job requires me to learn Photoshop and I was having a very difficult time learning it on my own. This book is great for someone like me who is completely unfamiliar with Photoshop and not very technologically-savvy. Buy it!
B003XX2PD6|5.0|I think that this is Deerhunter's best album yet, and that is actually saying something. Halcyon Digest uses more instruments, like acoustic guitar, harmonica and saxophone than earlier releases. The mood is more calm, breathy and reflective but it still manages to definitely be a Deerhunter album. They really go for the layered, and lush but not dense sound in this album. He Would Have laughed, Helicopter, Basement Scene, Revival, and Desire lines are my favorite.
B0001Z5YW8|2.0|I have been a Tintin fan for many years. So, when I saw this DVD version, I eagerly ordered it. Well, the drawings are true to the comic book version, which is great. However, I was disappointed with a few things:<br />The stories have been cut - in each episode, many of the original scenes have been left out - very disappointing.<br />Seeing as this was made in Canada, I was disappointed to find that there were no French subtitles - in fact, no subtitles at all<br />In my years of reading the original Tintin comics, Tintin had a European accent (in my mind, seeing as he is a European character), but in this series, he has a Canadian accent, which I find rather irritating (not the Canadian accent per se, but the fact that we have a European character speaking with a Canadian accent). Tintin says things like \\"sawry\\" and \\"aboot\\" instead of \\"sorry\\" and \\"about\\" - well, other viewers might consider this to be minor, but this is my review after all, so sawry aboot that.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|No use wasting time with heaps of words - This is The Beatles at their best, complete and re-mastered!  Brilliant, hours of pleasure - a must have for any music lover!
0451197968|4.0|The Running Man is short on world building and character development but long on page turning action.  I read the book in about two days, staying up really late the second night to finish it.  I haven't read a book that quickly in many years.    The 100 chapters are titled \\"...Minus xxx and COUNTING...\\", where xxx is a number starting from 100 and counting down to 000.  These titles convey a sense of time running out for Richards, which is exactly what's happening.  A huge bounty is on his head and the latest info on him is televised every night, so practically everyone on the US eastern seaboard is trying to find him and get the bounty.  Somewhere in the middle Richards uncovers what looks to be a massive government operation to deliberately misinform the public about rampant industrial pollution of the air.  Then it becomes a race against time both to survive and to reveal what he knows.    If you're looking for a quick reading thriller that you can enjoy even without 100% concentration, The Running Man would be a good choice.  The setting is Blade Runner esque: Set some 100 years in the future with the migration of the American people to mega-cities completed and the government running practically everything either directly or indirectly.  Factories belching smoke everywhere.  Seedy underground societies comprised of people making illegal trades to stay above the poverty line.  The length of the book and the focus on Richards' flight prevents King from fleshing out this fascinatingly grim future world that I sincerely hope for succeeding generations doesn't become reality.
0375831002|2.0|I was so surprised that I didn't like this book. I'd heard nothing but good things about it and I had such high expectations.  When I started, I thought Death as the narrator was an innovative approach. Yet I was bewildered: why wasn't I engrossed by this book? I kept reading, hoping that something would catch my interest. Eventually though, I had to come to terms with it: I just didn't like the book. I tried repeatedly to explain why I didn't like the book and I have three conclusions. I couldn't connect with the characters, the narrator's disruptive commentary got in the way of the story, and the overall it just left me sad and not in good makes you so emotional you want to cry. Just sad and thinking at the end, well that sucks.  I think the lack of connection to the characters is because none of them are telling the story. Death sometimes gives you a hint what they're thinking or feeling, but it's like trying to tell the story of someone you don't know. There were glimmers of emotion but then a chapter would suddenly end and the bizarre and sometimes clich comments of the narrator.   Then there is the overall issue of the narration.  I hated the fact that he told you characters were going to die and then you get no more detail until the last few chapters.  For me, it's like someone telling me the end of the story. I sit there and think, why keep reading? I know what happens. I also felt as if the author wanted there to be these quotable phrases in the book and it seemed like he was trying too hard.  It sounded trite and sometimes downright pompous. And I must admit, my dislike for this book increased exponentially when Liesel says to her dead foster mother: \\"God damn it, you were so beautiful.\\" It was as if she would have to be pounding her fist and shouting \\"Why?!\\"  Of course I didn't expect a book about Nazi Germany to be a happy feel good book but every good moment in the book is robbed by some horrible atrocity and then the end is so completely depressing.Then when I read the epilog, I thought why did he even bother with this chapter? At the end of this book, I felt sad and robbed. It seemed incomplete with no closure other than death.
B00005U15I|5.0|No bad products to date from Amazon. I am pleased with all my purchases. This won't be the last.  Great Buy for Rock Music Collectors.    Chow  Coronado8562
031603438X|3.0|This could have been so much better.Keith , why did you write so much about drugs ?What about some pages about your meetings with other musicians?How was it to see Jimi Hendrix in London ?What about the rehearsals with Rory Gallagher?Maybe you could (co)write another tome called'LIVE'...
B000FCKGPC|3.0|Not as good as the first three. Where are my favorite characters? And the last thing in the book being an appology fromt he author is sad, and its been 6 years and still no book.
B0039PK058|5.0|Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan - is a great movie, regardless of whether you are just looking for something to watch or if you are a bonafide Trekkie.    For the former; this is a fun movie.  Even though the plot ties into and is the continuation of a story from the original 1960's TV show, it won't matter - the story brings forward all the old information and is a great \\"go forward\\" story that movie lovers will enjoy.  The actors, including those from the original TV show and those like Ricardo Montalban and Kirstie Alley will be appreciated, especially if you grew up in the 1980's.    For the latter; this version of the movie, the \\"Director's Cut\\" is, as far as this 40+ year old's memory can remember, identical to the original movie with the exception of two things.  One, they have added in several deleted scenes (I seem to remember these from the \\"Deleted Scenes\\" on older Star Trek II DVD's).  Two, the audio gets better at times - sometimes during the deleted scenes and sometimes during the regular scenes where I'm 99% sure they had to re-dub some of the dialog.  Yet, all in all, these changes freshen it up a hair for those of us who have seen this movie 200 times! ;-)    All in all, especially in HD, this was fun to watch - a nice couple of hours of entertainment as well as a nice \\"blast from the past\\" for this Trekkie.
B003VS0CX8|5.0|The enhanced Blue Ray/DVD combo is an excellent value.  The movie is a timeless classic and the digitally remastered product makes this even more enjoyable.  Would highly recommend this product.
B003L20IFQ|5.0|I need to add this review in order to offset the onslaught of negative reviews.<br /><br />First, you've got to be in the mood for something cerebral along with being capable of enjoying this type of film. It is a thriller AND it will evoke emotion - just be prepared.<br /><br />If you are in this the proper state, then next you must realize that just because Ryan Reynolds is in this film , it is NOT a mainstream movie. If you typically do not prefer your entertainment on the fringe of what society enjoys on average, then you may not like this film.<br /><br />The reviews for this movie seem to be polarized with very few in the middle. You will either love this or it will not be your thing. It should be clear to you ahead of time which group you'll be in.<br /><br />For those who align with this type of movie, it is SPECTACULAR.<br /><br />Everyone else, please... move along. This will become a cult classic, no doubt.
0385341679|5.0|All I can say is....WOW. This book is an absolutely amazing ending to an excellent series. Karen Marie Moning deserves a standing ovation for being able to pull off such a feat. I've been reading avidly all my life and never have I seen a writer end a series so well. This book answered all the questions that I had ever asked during the series and made up for the four cliff hangers KMM left us with at the ending of each of her previous books.     I read a nearly 600 page book in two days, I took this book, everywhere, which was not convenient since it was huge, but I couldn't stop, because every few pages I was finding something cool out and it just kept on going like a big snowball all the way up to the last page.     I won't go into spoilers here, just know that obviously I loved it and LOVED the crossover between KMM's two series' which was very prominent in this last book.
030746363X|4.0|I enjoyed this book.  I will not enter the debate as to whether Tim's advice is 'good science'.  True, in parts the 4-Hour Body offers more sensation than science, but I assure you I would not have purchased the \\"Total Science Edition\\" of this book, if one were published.  Getting to my point: Many negative reviews do not mention a couple of the book's greatest notions, and I feel obliged to point them out here.  Tim wisely recommends that you:    1. GATHER DATA & TRACK PROGRESS -- By itself, the advice on taking measurements and tracking data was worth the price of the book.  I have begun measuring and tracking my weight, body fat % and body size, and this practice has helped me focus and contributed significantly to my motivation.  Without data, you really can only speculate about your progress and results.    2. BUILD A CLEARLY DEFINED SYSTEM -- In every part of the book Tim emphasizes the need to have a *system*.  Sticking to a system (whether it's one he recommends or something you find elsewhere) is far easier when it's well-defined and very simple.  But not having a system (whether for nutrition or exercise or both) is a recipe for frustration.  Tim truly is the master of system testing and design.  Even if you don't adopt his specific techniques, you will do well to adopt his behavior of developing straightforward, testable systems for your body-related goals.      3. TEST & OBSERVE CAUSE-AND-EFFECT -- Once you build a system that makes you comfortable (number 2), test it by tracking some measurable manifestation of your goal (body fat % e.g.).  Make adjustments to your system based on results.      Tim isn't quite explicit on this, but you'll see throughout the book that he's following a very valuable recipe to achieve his goals: Design --> Execute --> Measure --> Adjust (redesign)  --> Execute --> Measure... and repeat.  I don't know anyone who would be worse off from adopting this attitude toward fitness/health.    Conclusion: although the 4-Hour Body isobviously not a science book, as it pertains to the experiments of one man and is largely anecdotal, Tim Ferriss's model and philosophy is *thoroughly* scientific.  I found the book motivating and interesting.
0061992860|5.0|This rather thick, but still pocket sized \\"SAS Survival Handbook\\" is a very complete survival guide, filled with practical information, good illustrations, and great advice. I keep this keep with my emergency gear so I will have it on hand when needed. The book is logically laid out and covers every aspect of survival preparedness in every climate and realistic situation imaginable. Having spent a lot of time camping and hiking in the woods of Pennsylvania, I am impressed with the accuracy of information that is relevant to my area.<br /><br />The section on \\"Essentials\\" was particularly helpful in building both improving my camping gear and building my \\"Bug Out Bag\\". I also bought a copy of the full sized version of this book ([[ASIN:0061733199 SAS Survival Handbook, Revised Edition: For Any Climate, in Any Situation]]) to keep in the house and am surprised how often I flip through it.<br /><br />This book will help you plan ahead and be prepared to survive when the worst happens, but it is also handy for the casual camper as well! The print in this version is somewhat small for my aging eyes, so I have included a magnifying glass (always good to have anyway) in my kit to help me read this.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
0307278255|1.0|I admit that interpreter of maladies and Namesake were good, but this book  tries too hard to appeal to critics who tend to like overtly sad and needlessly morose stories with a cast of stupid characters that deal with their subdued anger and hatred towards pretty much everything (parents, partners and themselves).
0061733199|5.0|The \\"SAS Survival Handbook\\" is a very complete survival guide, filled with practical information, good illustrations, and great advice. The book is logically laid out and covers every aspect of survival preparedness in every climate and realistic situation imaginable. Having spent a lot of time camping and hiking in the woods of Pennsylvania, I am impressed with the accuracy of information that is relevant to my area.<br /><br />The section on \\"Essentials\\" was particularly helpful in building both improving my camping gear and building my \\"Bug Out Bag\\". I also bought a copy of the pocket version of this book ([[ASIN:0061992860 SAS Survival Guide 2E (Collins Gem): For any climate, for any situation]]) to keep with my emergency gear.<br /><br />This book will help you plan ahead and be prepared to survive when the worst happens, but it is also handy for the casual camper as well!<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
B004FEFZU2|1.0|i have every available blu ray 3d and this is the only one that was not worth getting,it is choppy at camera angle changes and is ghosting on some scenes and the 3d wasnt woth it either
1439107955|5.0|Most of what I have to say has already been said. As a cancer patient, I really appreciated a book that transcends the patient's experience and puts 2011 cancer treatment into its historical and scientific perspective. This is a sort of family album for us all.
B000021Y77|2.0|I never watched the entire video,I became disenchanted  watching this style of German movie making.   The use of cartoons takes much away from the story. I don't think I have patience to watch it again  so I will probably trash it.
B003VS0CWO|5.0|I have loved Rocky Horror Picture Show ever since it came out. The extra scenes and booklet are wonderful!!! A must have for any fan of this show.
006113399X|4.0|The Redbreast is the first of the Harry Hole stories to be translated into English.  It is exciting and the character of Inspector Hole is refreshingly unconventional, almost an anti-hero.  When placed against his adverary.the self centred and corrupt Tom Waaler, the battle between them makes the novel all the more readable.  The plot is well constructed and the tension never lets up.  A great beginning to the Harry Hole series of novels.
B001TKMAGW|5.0|Who could have predicted what Black Sabbath would create with their debut album? I don't think the band themselves knew exactly what they created at the time but it became the foundation of their career and of a musical genre. In 1970 this dark, blues-heavy sound on which metal must have been scary to a load of people! It must have been hard to imagine something this heavy back then, it was a sort of rock'n'roll revolution in a way. And what about that album cover? It used to scare me when I was younger and I still get chills to this day when I look at the artwork. For some fans of the ban this is the definitive Black Sabbath album, after all this is where the sound of metal was really developed and when the sound of evil (as it has often been referred to) was born.<br /><br />Black Sabbath opens with the title track which was the first song the band wrote, ultimately it became their inspiration and they based their sound on this one track. It's an epic song that's freaky, sets the tone for not only the album but the band's whole career. The Wizard is the shortest song here, I love how the harmonica intro and how this heavy, bluesy and distorted riff kicks in right after. It's the shortest song on the album but it's a classic song, simply amazing.  N.I.B has perhaps the greatest bass intro to a song ever; it's a highlight for sure. I could go on but these songs are classic and very good in their own way, Sabbath's debut should be memorable for every metalhead.<br /><br />If you're a big fan I would suggest getting the deluxe edition of Black Sabbath which has an extra disc of unreleased stuff like alternate takes, instrumentals and such . The deluxe edition would be perfect for a hardcore fan.<br /><br />Bands like Led Zeppelin, Cream, Deep Purple and Blue Cheer had a heavy sound but there something very different with Black Sabbath's debut, up to that point none of it had been THIS heavy. To add to their sound the band made occult references was another type of heavy. And guess what? It still sounds great even today. Black Sabbath's debut is very much the birthplace of metal, some bands before Sabbath had heavy elements to them but none of them were as heavy as Sabbath was. If you're a fan of metal/heavy metal whatever you want to call it you need this album to understand it's significance and influence on the genre. It's been more than 40 years but this album is still incredible and it still gives me chills, got to love it! 5/5till sounds great even today. Black Sabbath's debut is very much the birthplace of metal, some bands before Sabbath had heavy elements to them but none of them were as heavy as Sabbath was. If you're a fan of metal/heavy metal whatever you want to call it you need this album to understand it's significance and influence on the genre. It's been more than 40 years but this album is still incredible and it still gives me chills, got to love it! 5/5
B002ZHKZD8|4.0|Neither of the two sequels are as good as the first one, Bourne ID. And I hate the jittery, dizziness of the camera work. Sequels rarely live up to the originals.
B000002KB8|5.0|Who could have predicted what Black Sabbath would create with their debut album? I don't think the band themselves knew exactly what they created at the time but it became the foundation of their career and of a musical genre. In 1970 this dark, blues-heavy sound on which metal must have been scary to a load of people! It must have been hard to imagine something this heavy back then, it was a sort of rock'n'roll revolution in a way. And what about that album cover? It used to scare me when I was younger and I still get chills to this day when I look at the artwork. For some fans of the ban this is the definitive Black Sabbath album, after all this is where the sound of metal was really developed and when the sound of evil (as it has often been referred to) was born.<br /><br />Black Sabbath opens with the title track which was the first song the band wrote, ultimately it became their inspiration and they based their sound on this one track. It's an epic song that's freaky, sets the tone for not only the album but the band's whole career. The Wizard is the shortest song here, I love how the harmonica intro and how this heavy, bluesy and distorted riff kicks in right after. It's the shortest song on the album but it's a classic song, simply amazing. N.I.B has perhaps the greatest bass intro to a song ever; it's a highlight for sure. I could go on but these songs are classic and very good in their own way, Sabbath's debut should be memorable for every metalhead.<br /><br />If you're a big fan I would suggest getting the deluxe edition of Black Sabbath which has an extra disc of unreleased stuff like alternate takes, instrumentals and such . The deluxe edition would be perfect for a hardcore fan.<br /><br />Bands like Led Zeppelin, Cream, Deep Purple and Blue Cheer had a heavy sound but there something very different with Black Sabbath's debut, up to that point none of it had been THIS heavy. To add to their sound the band made occult references was another type of heavy. And guess what? It still sounds great even today. Black Sabbath's debut is very much the birthplace of metal, some bands before Sabbath had heavy elements to them but none of them were as heavy as Sabbath was. If you're a fan of metal/heavy metal whatever you want to call it you need this album to understand it's significance and influence on the genre. It's been more than 40 years but this album is still incredible and it still gives me chills, got to love it! 5/5ill sounds great even today. Black Sabbath's debut is very much the birthplace of metal, some bands before Sabbath had heavy elements to them but none of them were as heavy as Sabbath was. If you're a fan of metal/heavy metal whatever you want to call it you need this album to understand it's significance and influence on the genre. It's been more than 40 years but this album is still incredible and it still gives me chills, got to love it! 5/5
B001IAJLK6|4.0|cool book just pictures of the knots, you have to study the pictures and try and replicate the knot which can be hard to do. Alas this is the best book as far as showing the most types of knots...
B004132I20|5.0|I got this for my son and we watched it in one sitting. Great version of the Sherlock Holmes mysteries updated for the next evolution of this type of storytelling. Looking forward to more stories to come.
B00005JKJA|5.0|I had to purchase a second copy since my first one began to skip. This work of art got under my skin like no other. Someone recently posted a review here which reminded me that I had wanted to  update my thoughts on this film which seems like a never ending journey. I am writing more an alternate way to view the film rather than a review. It is likely I will be unable to express this in a way others will be able to relate to  but here goes...  My appreciation and perspective continue to evolve as I explore further the wondrous world of Mulholland Drive. Conceptually for me, Lynch has created a beautiful and surreal picture of the mysterious workings within the psyche and all of the films characters  ultimately can be seen as interacting  mental forces within the subconscious mind. I further interpret it as a masterfully creative representation of Eastern based philosophical concepts like \\"oneness\\", and \\"desire being the basis of suffering\\" and \\"the path to nirvana is within each person\\". I almost imagine a tiny grain of truth wrapped in infinite layers of illusion, representing a conceptual model pertaining to Eastern philosophy. The title \\"Mulholland Drive\\" can bring forth many possible interpretations, one of which is \\"Material Ambition\\" where the self centered dream/desire (Hollywood) of material success (Mulholland and Hollywood) becomes the drive/ambition which leads to suffering.  Many may know of David Lynch's lifelong practice of Transcendental Meditation or TM. It led to his establishing the David Lynch Foundation, which seeks to promote TM with the goal of spreading world peace. Please check  this on the web if you are unaware of how committed he is to TM and consider how it could inform and inspire his work. Perhaps some may also be aware of his thoughts regarding the comparison of TM  to something in physics called the \\"unified field theory\\".  My admittedly limited understanding of this \\"unified field theory\\" as it applies to TM, suggest that there existan essence of ultimate awareness or enlightenment laying at the center of many layers of consciousness (this may not be exactly correct). Devotees suggest TM can allow an individual to begin to reach for this ultimate level within (and more).   Anyway, I have begun to experience the film as an infinitely layered symbolic representation  of concepts related to Eastern philosophical thought like \\"desire is the basis of all suffering\\". The model might be extended to represent the unified field theory too but I am not exactly sure exactly what it is. From this POV, there exist any number of  layers of multiple \\"outside solutions\\" wrapped around layers of \\"inner interpretations\\" further wrapping  a center \\"point\\" of \\"inner enlightenment\\" or \\"ultimate reality\\". The  \\"outer\\" layers are illusionary stories, where viewers extrapolate their own personal solutions outside of the films actual content. These are mostly regarding what I consider a physical reality based story of a woman's Hollywood experience and involve deducing scenarios not contained within the film, to arrive at what the viewer considers a logical \\"real world\\" solution. Though I believe these are never complete, many apparently are satisfied at that point though will have had to create something not explicitly shown in the film or have some questions remaining. These deduced explanations might be comparable to \\"illusions\\" of the physical world where what we expect will provide ultimate happiness are false paths, never leading to complete contentment.  These outside layers wrap around more non-physical dreams and mindscapes which begin to increasingly rely more on the films literal content with more elements remaining \\"inside\\" the film.  This can be reinforced once discerning a film \\"language\\", made up of every element and includes lighting, names, locations, colors, wardrobe, dialogue, sequencing, editing, props, titles, sounds, music, credits etc. as well as DL's own history. This \\"language\\" is elegant andwonderful once the willing viewer is able to let go of conventional viewing and grasp the simplicity of it. Perhaps that too is a philosophical connection which might suggest enlightenment is simply \\"seeing what is\\". If one simply sees what is in the film, a new enlightenment, interpretation or understanding is possible.  Delving deeper into the mindscapes and metaphor, the film can suddenly open up to where everything begins coming together to reveal a wondrous symbolic allegory illustrating the unseen internal danger possible when choosing a self centered material existence over a more loving and compassionate one. All characters could be imagined as representing various identities inside of \\"one\\" being,  interacting within a mental world inside \\"the mind\\".  Think beyond guilt, desire, id, ego  and super ego. Think beyond male and female or young and old. Think beyond dream and reality, into the most fundamental element of our humanity and existence (or perhaps the unified field). For me, Lynch has painted a beautiful and surreal picture of the mysterious workings within our heads where all of the characters represent interconnected  mental forces within the subconscious mind. These are the very real forces that somehow create the electric impulses that lead to the decisions we make and affect how our lives will be. We expect the physical and material world of \\"the good life\\" to provide happiness at the risk of our inner well being and the \\"good life\\". Deciphering the \\"language of the film\\" can allow the viewer to gain a more \\"unified\\" understanding...similar to what some suggest occurs when learning the language of Transcendental Meditation or seek Nirvana.  I get a feeling of the film representing an adult lifetime of desire and a guilt born of remorse that results in an empty, lonely and frightened inner reality being forever replayed, never to attain a permanent state of contentment. It can be imagined that the physical layers surrounding this depiction of therepetitive mental allegory may be analogous to the way Lynch may view the unified field theory at the center of all being.  Okay, I know it may sound crazy. I know next to nothing of Eastern Philosophy and I believe there exists many parallels in the film which I will never be aware. But for me, this view has resulted in the film blossoming in seemingly endless ways which build on each other with detail upon detail becoming somehow wondrously connected to the whole. This takes Mulholland Drive into a realm beyond cinema to become (for me at least) a unique and thought provoking experience. Perhaps even \\"mind expanding\\". I DO NOT claim to have a complete understanding, but every viewing brings some further observation or \\"enlightenment\\", enriching the experience for me. It also has made me curious about TM and other meditative paths. I am aware that many consider TM a cult or religion of sorts and warn of the dangers if one is susceptible to certain sales techniques. It is my nature to be skeptical and resist being led, but I also like to \\"keep an open mind\\".   Oldgoldtop
B000FC12ZA|5.0|For the fine people of australia who don't approve of Marlo's story, she did say that she changed the details to protect the tribe.  Her experience could have actually taken place in Africa, Indonesia...anywhere!      The message is beautiful!
B003Y5H4SO|4.0|I truly enjoyed the drama about this movie.  It was a real who done it film.  The quality was excellent and I would recommend this to every one.  I purchase this and am very pleased that I did.  Brand new and sealed.  Thank you for having great movies and I will purchase from you again!!!
1582406723|5.0|My son loves these books!  He is 11 years old and reading can be a chore at times. However-I bought the first 3 of these series and he had them read in less than a week!  The content is not appealing to me, but he and his friends loves these books!
0634060384|3.0|Pros:  All the local jazz musos have this as the standard book for blowing gigs. So, it is kind of a must-have.    I like the fact that the charts come with licensing. This eases my fears about possible legal action for failing to pay some royalties. (I hope I have interpretted the book's claims correctly.)    Cons:  This might be the last hard-copy sheet music I buy. Everyone is switching to ipad aps and dialling up or downloading charts on the fly - Brilliant for requests! Also, brilliant for organising setlists ad transposing charts forfussy vocalists.    So, Maybe I wasted my money buying this book???
030745455X|5.0|Loved this book. I was wary of the hype surrounding the trilogy and its author, plus the fact that the names of main characters are a little trickier to follow given the story had to be translated from Swedish into English. I couldn't put it down and looked forward to seeing how the mystery unfolded, and how the two main characters were going to be brought together.  It was the kind of book ideal for a vacation - when you have enough time to really dig into it and plow through it. I'm very much looking forward to the next one, when my schedule permits.
1883217040|5.0|This is the best book on jazz theory I have ever read. My lines are sounding better already. This actually makes me hungry to learn more theory.    I like the way the book gives concepts that help me visualise and remember theory. It is also peppered with examples from jazz standards that show how the concepts work. To take best advantage of this, I have to sit by the piano and play the riffs.    I have to confess I have been lazy in the past and managed with using modes of the major scale in the main. However, this book has helped me understand, remember and use modes of minor scales more readily.    I'm still in Part I of the book. If parts II to V are as good, I'll be away laughing.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|An incredibly well written book (as are the other two in the series), riveting.  I was sad when it was over...I miss Salander.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|This product is a \\"must have\\" for first person shooter games!  You'll hear them coming from every angle, and you will have great advantage opposed to regular tv speakers!
B003L20IFQ|5.0|I am a 15 year old Texan (born and raised) young man. I have NEVER reacted to a movie the way I did to this one. The plot is simple BUT very, very real. This is a perfect example of what may (and does) happen in Iraq, and the audience is with the victim every suspenceful step of the way.     I have seen The Proposal, I would be lieing if I said I enjoyed it. That movie made me think of Ryan reynolds as a low potential actor. Truth be told, it was a low potential movie. In this movie, Ryan Reynolds brings Paul Conroy (a U.S contractor, working in Iraq) to life. I will not give away any jucie details, but at the end of the movie I was SOBBING. I am very imbarased that I was crying over a movie. As Buried progressed, I found myself talking to the screen of my computer. Ryan Reynolds is right up there with Denzel Washington, Robert Duvall, and Tommy Lee Jones in my book.     I would highly recomend this film to my friends and family...
0142412147|5.0|f you're looking for a cute holiday read, this really is it. The first part, \\"The Jubilee Express\\" by Maureen Johnson follows Jubilee (not a stripper, as she makes clear) as she learns her parents were imprisoned while waiting to purchase collectable Christmas figurines, boards a train for Florida, and gets stuck on said train due to a massive storm. From there, she visits a near-abandoned Waffle House, where she meets lovable Stuart, the complete opposite of her serious and professional boyfriend. This is the first thing I've read of Johnson's and I must say - it made me want to read more. It was fun, sweet, and utterly addictive. I loved Jubilee's voice, and the messes she gets herself into. And I absolutely fell in love with Stuart and his family. This was probably my favorite story in the book.    Although John Green's \\"A Cheertastic Christmas Miracle\\" comes in at an extremely close second place. In his usual voice and humor, Green presents a Christmas tale about desire and drive. Tobin, the main character, is spending Christmas Eve with his best friends the Duke (female) and JP (male) - that is, until their friend who works at the Waffle House (the same one Jubilee entered) calls to inform them that he's surrounded...by cheerleaders. The rest of the action-packed adventure follows the trio as they brace the storm and try to make it to Waffle House, so they can hopefully impress the lonely cheerleaders (with the exception of the Duke, who just wants hash browns). Along the way, mutual feelings are found and hilarity, of course, ensues. I absolutely adore Green's writing, and this short story managed to cram in all his novels have to offer. Some lines had me cracking up, while others had me completely swooning. And the Duke REALLY reminded me of myself at that age.    \\"The Patron Saint of Pigs\\" by Lauren Myracle, the last story, was a bit whiney for my taste. Addie breaks up with her boyfriend Jeb a week prior to Christmas, so she's depressed. Her best friends, Tegan and Dorrie, do everything to cheer her up - which includes telling her, honestly, that she needs to think of others instead of just herself. Many other people tell her that too as her shift at Starbucks goes on the following day, so much so that she, in time, learns to accept it and - well - grow up. It was a cute story, sure, but it lacked the heart, humor and joy the others offered. I was a bit sad it ended the book, honestly. BUT, what it did offer was an excellent conclusion where practically all of the characters from all three stories met. I love when that happens.
1408812673|4.0|Speaking as a piano and violin salesman, I hate hate HATE it when parents are soft on their children and let them play sleazy lowbrow instruments like the sax, flute, or guitar.    Ok, ok, forcing your 7-y.o. to practice piano for 4 hours without a weewee break does seem a little teeny bit harsh.     But it's the sentiment that counts--the pro-piano, pro-violin sentiment! No matter what instrument a child may really have an aptitude for, they are simply not allowed to play anything but the piano and the violin.    Ok, ok, forcing the piano on them is one thing, because you could argue it's a dang good foundation for other musical endeavors. But even I, a violin salesman, will admit that brutalizing a child and forcing her against her will to invest a large part of her childhood in playing something as marginal as the violin is, well... a bit over the top. Still, it's the violin sales that count.    Thank Jebus for the Chinese and their parenting. I can't even IMAGINE what it's going to be like if the Chinese from China get wind of Chinese parenting, all 1 trillion of 'em. One-child law or no, we're talking some serious sales then.
B002ZG980U|5.0|Fantastic; simply mind-bending fun.    Christopher Nolan has delivered a movie that seems as if it should be more confusing than it actually is.    Inception tells the story of corporate espionage by way of stealing ideas from people's dreams.    Leonardo DiCaprio headlines a stellar cast including Ellen Page, Tom Hardy, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ken Watanabe, Cillian Murphy and Michael Cain.    Watanabe hires DiCaprio to plant an idea inside the mind of his competitor (Murphy) in order to bring about his collapse. This is called Inception.    DiCaprio assembles a team to pull of the extremely tricky ploy. However, he has some personal baggage that might spell the doom for the entire project and the lives of his team as well.    The logistics and implementation of this movie are things that you just have to watch. It's a case where seeing is better than explaining.    Throughout the film I was on the edge of the possibility that I might go into confusion but it never happened. Writer/director Nolan kept me well informed and entirely entertained.    This is a movie well worth multiple viewings. (Nevermind the ending...)
0316077054|5.0|MAJOR SPOILERS for Beautiful Creatures. You've been warned.    After the non-claiming event that lead to Macon Ravenwood's death on Lena's 16th birthday, Ethan didn't think things could get a whole lot worse. His girlfriend was depressed and confused, not to mention not coming to school, Amma was beside herself with grief, and his dad was in the looney bin. And that was the happier side of his life in Gatlin.    Lena is very confused about what and who she is now that she is supposed to \\"claim herself.\\" She harbors both light and dark within herself and in this novel, she chooses to follow the dark path. As a result, her relationship with Ethan is strained, but allows him to seek out his own abilities elsewhere. It's among the caster tunnels with Link and Keeper/librarian-in-training Liv, that Ethan discovers his own powers. Naturally, where Ethan and Link go, trouble follows and it takes some mighty casting to help dig them out.    While a strange man named John Breed tries to lure Lena to the dark side of casting and Riley is still lurking around, Lena and Ethan are not really free to claim anything. It will take a lot of will-power and determination in order to make their choices possible. If they can do it all by her 17th moon.    Beautiful Darkness is a roller coaster ride of a book that won't disappoint fans of the first novel. Like many second novels before it, this book is kind of a holding place for the next big action that I am sure is imminent in the next installment. In this story, we learn more about Ethan and Lena's relationship. We already know how it has come to exist, but now we learn how it will grow and change as their abilities develop.    I was very pleased to see that we got to learn more about the history of both sides of Gatlin as the two cannot be separated. Liv was such a lovely character to assist in this facet. She really gave Caster Gatlin a more youthful take than Marian. I felt like Caster Gatlin was more accessible when it was being discovered secretly than having a knowledgeable librarian escort you. John Breed and Riley were also very helpful in moving the story along. They add a dark balance to Liv and Link's light.    With an ending that you'll be sure to tune in for, Beautiful Darkness certainly ranks high on my picks for 2010. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
B0029LHX1W|4.0|Not a review but a query: I bought Child 44 as an audiobook. I got as far as the interrogation in the basement before clicking off. While I enjoyed the book to that point, the descriptions of Soviet-style torture were too much for me. Do these type of torture scenes continue throughout the book, or is the basement scene a one off? If somone who read the book would respond, I'd really appreciate it.
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|then you will not be disappointed.  This is simply a great action flick, with a lot of humor.  A great cast and huge fun.  My wife and I both enjoyed this.
0143038419|1.0|Because the author and publishers viewed this book as primarily for women, they have neglected a major marketing possibility for men. As a service to male readers (and as a suggestion to the publishers) allow me post the male instruction kit:    Step 1.  Give this book to any woman you know or want to know.  Step 2.  Have her read it.  Step 3.  Ask her to tell you what she thought of it.  Step 4. Decision and Evaluation Phase: If she says she learned something about herself/about marriage/about relationships/about spirituality or about anything other than the narcissism of the author and of our culture, then you should dump her immediately; or keep her until a more attractive prospect comes along (it won't take long) and then dump her.   Step 5.  Rinse, lather and repeat as needed.       Of course, this algorithm does not guarantee finding a good woman, but it instantly eliminates the worst of your choices.  It really is that valuable a tool for men.  Stay far, far away from any woman who liked this book.    This book could also be useful to women although not in the manner the author intended. For women, any man who says he liked this book is either too pathetic to rise to the lowly level of a \\"beta-male\\" or he is lying to you to get you into bed. Those really are the only two options.    By the way, the reason that I have read this book is that somebody gave it to my wife. Perhaps you are wondering what my wife thought of it? She recognized it for the corrosive effluent that it is.
0312600844|3.0|This book exhausted me.   I felt that I needed to finish it since it was by Franzen but at a certain point I agreed with Jessica that the phrase that came to mind was \\"enough already\\".  Do we need to cram everything (including the Iraq war) into this point by point disintegration of an American family?  Is all of this even moderately believable?  Sorry but I started to feel that this book was self indulgent and not remotely plausible.
B002ZG997C|5.0|I received my product very quick and in like new condition. I am very pleased and would definitely do business with the seller again!
B0000CABBW|4.0|I found the Whale Rider a movie the entire family would enjoy.  It is about the Maori tribe, an indigenous tribe living in New Zealand.  The story is about the Maori leader Koro, trying to save the sacred ways of his ancestors.  Koro expected his eldest son to be the next leader, but Porourangi did not want to follow in Koro footsteps.  Koro had hoped when Porourangi's wife became pregnant with twins a boy and girl.  Unfortunately the mother and the boy died, and the baby girl was named Paikea.  Koro was furious this was the sacred name of their ancestor, the boy who rode on the back of a whale's tale to save the village.  This name was not to be given to a female.  Koro, only thought is his son can have more children, another son.  Koro, showed no love for Pail kea when she was born.    Pai, (her name was shorten by Koro), was left to be raised by Koro and her Granny, and eventually Koro's heart soften towards her.   When Porourangi returns home for a visit, Koro think he is back, but learns he will soon be leaving to go back to Germany to be with his new girlfriend who is pregnant.  Koro argues with him about his responsibility to be the next leader and to teach the boys in the village.  The argument gets heated and Pai over hears Koro, tell Porourangi to take Pai, she is useless to him.  Porourangi explains to Pai, that Koro, wanted him to be the next leader, but what he wants no longer exist.  Porourangi ask Pai to come back to Germany with him.  When they are leaving Pai experiences a connection to the ocean and the whales, but doesn't know what it means.  She tells Porourangi she has to go back.  In his efforts to keep the sacred ways alive Koro tells Granny he needs all of the first born boys, so he can start a sacred school to teach them the sacred ways and to teach them to be chiefs.  He feels all of their problems started when Pai was born.  The boys are taught how to fight with a Taihai and all the sacred chants.  Pai learns the chants and how to use theTaihai by spying on the classes.  When Koro finds out what she is doing he accuses her of disrespecting the sacred ways.  One of the initiations to find out who would be chief was to take the boys out on the ocean in a boat and throw the whales' tooth that Koro wore around his neck into the water.  The one who brought it back would be chief.  When no one retrieved the bone, Koro he blames Pai, for her interference in the sacred ways.  He does not know the Pai, when out on the boat with her uncle retrieved the tooth.  Koro feels hopeless, he calls on the ancestor for help, but they do not answer, Pai, calls out to the ancestors and they answer.  The answer is the beaching of whales, one which is the whale of their ancestor Paikea.  The village tries to save the whales, but can't, when Pai, tries to help, Koro tells her to go away, she done enough.  When everyone realizes then can do no more, they walk away.  Pai, touches the whale and they become one in spirit.  Pai rides the whale into the ocean, it is then when Granny gives him the tooth and he say \\"which one\\", she say\\" what do you mean which one\\", it is then that he realizes she is the chosen one.  Paikea, eventually takes her place as leader, but I would suggest to all to rent or buy this movie.  It is one you will watch more than once.
030746363X|4.0|I like how he writes.  I enjoyed his sense of humour and found the ideas very interesting. I am going to give a few of them a try
B004DMIIOG|3.0|I saw a preview of it on my new Black Butler DVD, and I plan to buy it when it comes out, but is it just me, or does anyone who saw the preview think the plotline of the movie looks a little too much like one of the old Digimon movies? It's the one where that super digimon virus took over the internet, and the digidestined all teamed up with their digimon to enter digital internet space to stop the virus before it caused worldwide catastrophe while everyone around the digimon universe world with a computer watched the battle online and on tv? *lol*
B00005OB0A|5.0|This is actually Terri's son. Lol. I love this album, and Kylie herself. This album is definately one of her best works. It features 4 singles, \\"Can't Get You Out Of My Head\\", \\"In Your Eyes\\", \\"Love At First Sight\\", & \\"Come Into My World.\\" Also, the album's other tracks are just as amazing. Songs like \\"More, More, More\\", \\"Fever\\", \\"Fragile\\", \\"Dancefloor\\" & \\"Love Affair\\" are all amazing enough to have been singles, even though they were not. I own this edition of the album, as well as the US edition and the special edition. I personally think the US version is better, as it features another song, \\"Boy\\", and a track from \\"Light Years\\" (2000), \\"Butterfly\\", also an amazing track. Although the artwork for this edition of the album is much more fitting. So, if you're into quieter dance songs that can be cranked, or just house music even, this is a great album to buy. All of her releases are good, but this and \\"Light Years\\" are by far her best.
0767834739|5.0|I had already bought this movie, but I have a bunch of younger brothers and sisters.  The disc got lost during a move after one of them had borrowed it, so I opted to just buy it again.    This movie is exciting.  I know the movies don't quite follow the game, but looking at them as separate story lines of the same or similar event, it is a great movie.  I would definitely recommend watching them in order.    This movie is the second in the series, and it chronicles Alice's escape from Racoon City; the first movie shows her escaping from the underground lab.  The ending will leave the viewer waiting to watch the third since it stops and leaves the viewer with more questions.
B002U6CJCO|4.0|Can you ever get tired of fight scenes with Jean Claude Van Damme or Dolf Longren?  Didn't think so.  Here's a different side of Van Damme - still plenty of fighting but he's older now - gone are the characteristic splits and screams as he returns from a nearly loosing all.  You know what I mean - it's in every one of his films.  Hear, there's a more sensitive side, getting in touch with his feelings Van Damme.  Not what you expect?  Ok, so imagine a raging bull with a soft side.  Better?  Still, cinematically and plot - a good return to the Universal Soldier genre.
160094048X|5.0|As a fairly recent vegan I have got to say this is so worth buying.  I already own a copy of Isa's Vegan Cupcakes Take Over the World and loved that as well.  If you buy this book, buy the cupcake one, too.  You will not regret it and my college-age daughter is gaining weight from all her care packages.
B003QSMCKO|3.0|I have loved this movie ever since I first saw it in elementary school.  It's a great story of overcoming adversity to protect those you love and make something of yourself.  However, Amazon really dropped the ball on the quality.  Parts of the movie were un-watchable because the contrast was so bad.  The VHS version my girlfriend owns is better quality than this, and that's pretty pathetic in this day and age.  That being said, the download was very fast and, as mentioned before, it's a great movie.  Definitely recommend buying, but stay away from Amazon Video on Demand if at all possible.
1878424319|4.0|It appears that some who read this were looking for a new spiritual path.  No, the concepts are not really new, they are continued in many religions in some form, most especially Buddhism.  That being said, these are valuable concepts put in a lyrical form that I found to be very enjoyable.  I also found some phrases that really hit home to me such as \\"The human is the only animal on earth that pays a thousand times for the same mistake. The rest of the animals pay once...but not us. We judge ourselves, find ourselves guilty, and we punish ourselves... every time we remember, we judge ourselves again, and punish ourselves again, and again, and again...is that fair?\\"     Enjoy what you can of this book and just leave the rest alone.
030746363X|5.0|4HB (as Ferriss likes to call it) is part science, part motivation, and part pure wonderment at what's possible.  Reading this book is interesting in an intellectual level, but it also can't help but make you wonder, \\"would that work for me?\\"<br /><br />The answer: at least some of it, probably.<br /><br />Ferriss' opus is a journal of years of research on his most accessible and congenial subject: himself.  He tried all sorts of crazy stuff on his own body, found what worked and what didn't, and is now passing that on to the rest of us.  What does that mean?  It means that this stuff works on at least ONE person.  But the way he presents all this craziness and the claims he makes are guaranteed to inspire you to want to find out if maybe it'll work for at least TWO people.<br /><br />4HB is all about results, though it comes paired with the science to back it up.  Do this for X minutes, using this stance, to achieve this effect.  His explanations are occasionally a bit obtuse, but that's where new media breaks through: all his exercises come with links to videos of people showing how it's done, how to use a product, etc.  There's a robust online community that's sprung up around the book, so you have others who are trying to figure it out for themselves... or who already have and can lend you a helping hand.<br /><br />My biggest complaint was that the references weren't in-line, which means you've got to dig through the back of the book to find the studies from the New England Journal of Medicine and whatnot.  That said, he really does seem to have done his homework on everything that I've checked out.  It's unconventional, weird, and way, way counterintuitive.  But it'll tickle your curiosity.<br /><br />It tickled mine.  I've lost ten pounds in 30 days, while simultaneously building muscle and increasing my chest press by about 50%.  Good luck!
0061122416|1.0|\\"To realize one's destiny is a person's only obligation.\\" from \\"The Alchemist\\" should read \\"To realize his destiny is a man's only obligation.\\".  Contrary to all of the glowing reviews on several pages of the book and on this website, I found \\"The Alchemist\\" to be the most misogynistic story I've ever had the misfortune to read.  Although the novel demeans women throughout, I'll reference just two instances of what I mean:    From page 74:  \\"He thought of the merchant's daughter, and was sure that she had probably married.  Perhaps to a baker, or to another shepard who could read and tell her exciting stories--after all, he probably wasn't the only one.\\"           - and -    From page 123:  \\"That she was waiting for him, a woman awaiting a courageous man in search of his treasure.  From that day on, the desert would represent only one thing to her: the hope for his return.\\"      Argh! Obviously the first woman was too stupid to read or create her own stories or to have her own destiny - other then to be fortunate enough to marry.  And the second woman could only pine for the incredibly courageous godlike man who might deign to  return one day (of course, after he had fulfilled his destiny).    Apparently the only destiny a woman can have is if she is fortunate enough to have a man (who of course has a true, real and noble destiny) notice her and marry her (eventually - after he has fulfilled his destiny).    I cannot recall a more egregiously demeaning treatment of women in all of literature - particularly in a novel masquerading as some sort of uplifting, inspirational tale.  Like \\"The Emperor's New Clothes\\", apparently a lot of readers were fooled.    Shame on you Paulo Coelho.    In case it isn't obvious by now, I am a male who has enormous respect and admiration for women.
B002GYI9C4|5.0|After looking up the author who would be finishing RJ's work I decided that I first wanted to read his original work first and I was not dissipointed.  The unique characters and brilliant system of magic in this fantasy epic keeps you engaged as you consider the possibilities and uses for &#34;allomancy&#34;  if your looking for something original in a fantasy epic read this series.
B002ZG976U|5.0|I saw the movie and was in awe!!! Fabulous!!! Christina Aguilera...amazingly talented, her voice comes from her soul. She did a wonderful job acting and dancing as well. I would see it again and again. I have the CD in my car and play it all the time. Can't wait to get my DVD.
B0046UGSNS|1.0|And every other cliche you can think of!  There was NOTHING REAL about these women, their 'love' life, their parenting.  The dialogue was embarrassing.  The only believable character on the screen was the dad -- enough said!
B001T7LSP4|5.0|How exactly do you make a movie about smells? After all, a movie is all about sight and sound. Touch, taste and smell rarely come into it.<br /><br />But acclaimed German director Tom Tykwer manages to make us smell things, in his most disturbing movie to date, \\"Perfume: The Story of a Murderer.\\" This time around, the talented Tykwer abandons his usual lovers-against-the-world stories for a lushly-filmed, darkly comic story of olfactory obsession. Yes, that is what I said.<br /><br />Jean-Baptiste Grenouillle (Ben Whishaw) is a man with a brilliant sense of smell, and zero body odor. He was born in a putrid fishmarket, raised in an orphanage, and later escapes from a tannery where he was working. He's enraptured by the many thrilling smells in the city -- he even kills a young girl, so that he can smell her lovely scent.<br /><br />In his search for the perfect scent, Jean-Baptiste gets a job with a once-famed perfume-maker (Dustin Hoffman). But after learning that not everything has a scent, he begins killing women to try to distill their scents into the ultimate perfume -- with beautiful redhead Laura (Rachel Hurd-Wood) as the \\"thirteenth scent.\\" But his ultimate scent has an even more sinister side, as his scents begin to affect the population in unusual ways.<br /><br />\\"Perfume\\" is Tykwer's most unique movie to date, and the one that definitely identifies him as a cinematic master. There are lots of music that are evocative, sensual, colourfully beautiful, or unspeakably creepy, but not many manage to be all of them. \\"Perfume: The Story of a Murderer\\" is all of those, and more.<br /><br />Obviously a movie doesn't smell like anything, except maybe stale popcorn. So Tykwer uses sight for smell -- rotted fish, maggots, moldy walls from the late 1700s to show Jean-Baptiste's miserable origins. And he uses sparkling colour and windblown trees for nicer scents. Colour takes the place of scent itself -- bright red Lola hair on multiple girls, flowers that seem to pop out of the screen, fresh leaves, brilliant fruits, even brightly coloured food. It gives the visuals a fairy-tale vibrancy.<br /><br />In fact, the scripting almost comes second to the exquisite cinematography. Yet Tykwer is able to bring across the powerful symbolism that brings the movie to life -- the smells are symbolic of love itself, which the scentless and amoral Jean-Baptiste does not have. He can only try to take it from others, with a finale that is the very image of poetic justice.<br /><br />Jean-Baptiste himself is one of those love/hate characters, and Whishaw does an excellent job with his sort of half-crazy, intent stare. And there are some great supporting performances by Alan Rickman as Antoine Richis (Laura's dad) and Hoffman as the eccentric old perfume-maker -- he adds a welcome note of comedy.<br /><br />A movie is dependent on sight, but Tom Tykwer creates a movie that you can almost smell. \\"Perfume: The Story of a Murderer\\" is darkly comic, bizarrely beautiful movie, and definitely worth seeing.rilliant fruits, even brightly coloured food. It gives the visuals a fairy-tale vibrancy.     In fact, the scripting almost comes second to the exquisite cinematography. Yet Tykwer is able to bring across the powerful symbolism that brings the movie to life -- the smells are symbolic of love itself, which the scentless and amoral Jean-Baptiste does not have. He can only try to take it from others, with a finale that is the very image of poetic justice.     Jean-Baptiste himself is one of those love/hate characters, and Whishaw does an excellent job with his sort of half-crazy, intent stare. And there are some great supporting performances by Alan Rickman as Antoine Richis (Laura's dad) and Hoffman as the eccentric old perfume-maker -- he adds a welcome note of comedy.     A movie is dependent on sight, but Tom Tykwer creates a movie that you can almost smell. \\"Perfume: The Story of a Murderer\\" is darkly comic, bizarrely beautiful movie, and definitely worth seeing.
0743277457|5.0|Very well written, thought provoking and absolutely fascinating to read.  A brilliant author with unforgettable analogies, wise way beyond his years!      As a self proclaimed literary buff (English/journalism student, this is one of my favorites of all time.
B00127RAJY|4.0|Great workout- it seems impossible at first, but stick with it and if you're pushing yourself, you really will notice a significant improvement in what you can handle even from workout to workout.  If you're looking to squeeze in a short workout at home that's going to mean something, you should definitely give it a try.      A couple minor pet peeves I have:  With the DVD itself, I find it absurdly frustrating that you can't skip through the intro.  I usually keep it in my dvd player whenever I can and just go back to the main menu each time an turn it off.  If you reload the dvd, you'll have to watch the whole opening sequence all over again - you know, the stuff you take in the first time and never need to hear again.  The inability to skip this part is very poor design a product that's intended for repetitive use!    About the workout- especially as you get into the higher levels, there are a lot of moves that have you lifting your body weight while doing something else- lots of plank position with some additional move.  I don't think Gillian and her 120 lb side-kicks understand how much more difficult these positions are if you're lifting a lot more body weight.  When you've already burned your shoulders out in the previous couple of sets, I find supporting the plank position again to be extremely difficult to impossible, even though I do have a lot of upper body strength.  That said, I am able to go a little farther each time.  I just wish there were better modifications available to account for the fact that the level of difficulty associated with supporting your own body weight can vary enormously!    On the plus side, I appreciate that the moves are different enough in each of the 3 workouts that you can switch off between them and kind of allow your muscles to recover a bit while still doign a workout everyday.  It can take a bit to work up to the higher levels, but once you do, you'll appreciate that you can rotate them- and still feel like level 1 is a good workout because you can always push yourself a little harder, get a littler deeper, etc.      Also, I find that I need to vary my hand-weights.  Especially in level 1, I'm definitely not working myself hard enough on some sets if I use the same weights that are still a challenge for other sets.  I don't understand while she doesn't address it.  I have 3, 5 and 10 lb weights and use all 3 in level one.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This is a very handy Item and works just as advertised.   I haven't had a chance to try it out on a serrated blade yet but it works great on the plain blades I used it on.    This sharpener is smaller than I had anticipated (a good thing) and is very easy to drop in your pocket and carry without it being a drag.
030746363X|5.0|As if this book needs another positive review!     Nonetheless, it's an amazing system. Relatively small changes to produce noticeable results - FAST. The diet is easy to follow, kettlebell swings are only 10-20 minutes per week, and the supplements are a snap too. Not sure what else to say... I love it.
1926778103|5.0|As so many already said the book is simply gorgeous. I don't own my own copy just yet, is still set to arrive until 15th of February, but I've already had my share of it thanks to a friend of mine. The pages are packed full not only with finished artworks, but also works in progress, sketches, variants of design for characters and environments... simply a feast for those interested not only in the finished visual products, but also the in-process stages of acquiring inspiration, setting multiple design ideas and how to choose that perfect one.  The printing quality is very good, with sharps colors and details. Many artworks and especially sketches are indeed printed in thumbnail clustered form and you can definitely find many of them on the internet at higher resolutions - although I would venture to state that this is only true for some and only after a whole lot of searching. Personally I think the thumbnails are large enough to allow the reader to discern even smaller details, while at the same time offering a larger number of drawings than if only one/page was printed. Not to mention that, in order to get the overall grasp on line quality, color, movement, light etc it's actually better to see works in smaller versions first, then concentrating on details. And the need for further in-depth study is resolved in the end in this book when looking at the bigger, finished or almost finished, artworks. So basicallly you get many large thumbnails for sketches - no worries 'cause you won't get 1cm/1cm ones - and large, colored, semi/finished artworks.     On the other hand yes, it's true the binding is not one of the best out there since it consists only of poor-quality binding glue, which is not enough for the amount of pages this book has. But the fact is that there is enough space on the inside of the pages to let you get a decent view on the inner artworks without having to widely open the book. I donno about other people but when I have a book with binding problemsI simply make the best out of it without trying to open it wide and hoping it won't break, I simply take care of it as it is. Besides, I don't see why would one need to open a book at 180 when you can see pretty well at 150 - unless you want to have the book open in front of you while you draw or do something else with both hands, although a press-papier or a freestanding book stand could do the work even in such condition. So for me and my friend binding was not a problem whatsoever, and I'm sure it won't be when I'll receive my own copy.
B003X2O6KW|1.0|could only hear 2 songs, paid for the cd.  Am done with Amazon.   Please don't send an email saying you are sorry.    Done, finished, kaputt!    Claudia
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It's difficult to add much to the 3,000+ comments already made about this TV series.  So I'll just add this: If you haven't seen the series, do yourself a big favor and buy this set. Brilliant is an over used term especially with regard to TV, but this series is truly brilliant.
140120841X|5.0|By comparison to the movie, I actually enjoyed the comic more than I did the film. The comic had more character depth, as written works generally will, and I liked the relationship as it was portrayed between Evey and V more than I did the would-be romance that the movie had it set to be so quickly and for seemingly no reason.
B002ZG99NG|3.0|This movie is a shell of the crime masterpiece known as HEAT,It doesn't make you understand and feel the cut throat,grimy,and cold bloodedness of the streets like HEAT does.The only thing memorible about this movie is the costumes they wore when they robbed banks & armored cars.IF you want to see true crime masterpieces then you need to rent the movie !HEAT! and you also need to see the movie !THIEF! with the actor JAMES CAAN.(In my opinion THIEF is the better movie)
B00008CLOA|5.0|I don't know -- maybe I wasn't expecting enough. I had heard DSOTM soooo many times over the years that I really didn't think the SACD mix would thrill, startle and amaze me the way it has.<br /><br />\\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" was a sonic feast even before it got the 5.1 treatment. Even after 38 years, its blend of music and sound effects still seems innovative. Lots of bands have tried to do this kind of thing; few have succeeded like the Floyd did. \\"Speak To Me,\\" \\"On the Run,\\" \\"Time,\\" \\"The Great Gig in the Sky,\\" \\"Money,\\" \\"Us and Them,\\" \\"Brain Damage\\" and \\"Eclipse\\" depend not only on the fine music they display but also FX or spoken snatches of dialogue. Only \\"Breathe\\" and \\"Any Colour You Like\\" depend almost entirely on the musical content itself.<br /><br />Anyway, the 5.1 mix is just ... absolutely ... astonishing. The producers have done well by this album: The sound effects move through the mix when NECESSARY, drifting and turning from speaker to speaker in a way that enhances the songs instead of detracting from them.<br /><br />And the sound never has been cleaner. EVERY previous mix/copy of DSOTM I've owned, I've been able to hear some slight distortion in Rick Wright's keyboards, especially on \\"Time.\\" Not here. FINALLY, a mix that lives up to the album's genius.
B0034G4P7G|5.0|Excellent film, well worth watching again and again. It documents a semi-fictional account of how a young man created a game changer in our culture today. A fascinating, but not-entirely-true story of how facebook was created. I'm very impressed, great job.
B000002UEB|5.0|I remember when this album first came out in 1988, a former manager at a summer job of mine recommended it to me.  However, I was immersed in thrash metal at the time and didn't take notice of it until 20 years later.  A couple years ago I decided to pick-up a used copy of the original issue on Amazon for less than $1.  I've given it several listens and I must say that I was quite surprised at the overall quality and creativity of this album.  I will not go as far as other reviewers that say this is on par with 'The Wall' (it's not, in my opinion), but I will say that as a progressive rock/metal concept album, it's quite good.  Better late than never, but I should have listened to my boss 2 decades ago!    It far exceeds the other Queensryche albums that I also purchased for about $1 on Amazon ('Rage for Order' and 'Empire').  These other albums are good, but are not on par with 'Operation Mindcrime'.  Unlike 'Rage for Order' and 'Empire', which have a few standout songs interspersed with a bunch of mediocre and similar-sounding filler material, 'Operation Mindcrime' contains enough variety, sampling, and progressive experimentation to warrant listening to the whole thing, end to end, without getting bored.    Also, laying out the concept and picking 'Eyes of a Stranger' to close out the album was a great decision.  It's arguably the strongest song on the album, if not in the entire Queensryche catalog.  Excellent way to close out a unique album.
0385341679|5.0|After much anticipation, I was thrilled to finally get my hands on Shadowfever.  It did not disappoint!  Many questions were answered, while new ones were created.  I like that about a book; especially knowing that there will be more books in the Fever world.  I felt satisfied with the ending--not all rainbows and happiness--because it was true to the series.  Shadowfever kept me on my toes.  Some things I expected, but there were many surprises.  I rushed through the first read, and am now savoring it a second time around.  I'm  catching things I missed before--there's so much!  This final book stays true to the rest of the series, while giving the reader lots of new things to consider and look forward to in the next series.  Finishing Shadowfever makes me more eager than ever to jump back into the Fever world!
B0007XT87G|5.0|As a relatively new fan of Porcupine Tree I must say that I am impressed with what I hear by this band.  To date, I only have 4 of their albums:  Deadwing, In Absentia, Fear of a Blank Planet, and The Incident.  Of these 4, I like Deadwing the best.    The first 7 songs (Deadwing thru Open Car) are amazing.  The 12 minute epic \\"Arriving Somewhere But Not Here\\" is probably the best track of the first 7, but they are all good in their own right.  The also lengthy (10 minute) title track also contains a lot of interesting sounds and changes.  The shorter tighter tracks like \\"Shallow\\" and \\"Halo\\" and \\"Open Car\\" manage to be both heavy and catchy at the same time.  The mid-length \\"Mellotron Scratch\\" has a great progression through several changes of mood and structure.    In the final 3 tracks, I don't hear much that stands out.  But the first 7 songs are well worth the price of admission.    Highly recommend Deadwing to anyone new to Porcupine Tree (like me).
B0047WJ12K|4.0|I really enjoyed inception.  It was not your cookie cutter movie and reminded me of when the first Matrix came out.  It made the audience think and I feel sorry for people who said they couldn't keep up with it.  The idea of someone going into someone else's dreams and making changes or stealing ideas without the dreamer being aware of what is happening is quite neat, but not only that, but what it takes to acomplish this (the arcitect) the escape, the way to get back out of the different layers and of course the token.  It was refreshing to see something different than another sequal or just another action or romcom.
B0018QCXH8|5.0|One of my favorites!  I love Daniel Day-Lewis, and this is one of his best roles.  Not only that, fantastic direction, story, music, cinematography, supporting cast and characters.  Hope you enjoy as much as I did.
B004HWYTP4|4.0|If you like a mix of action and comedy, this movie is a good bet.  While the story line is a bit of a stretch, following former CIA agent Frank Moses out of retirement and teaming up with his old gang to find out who is out to kill them is a pure joy.  A lot of the humor is dry, but works well with the story. There is plenty of action and shooting as well as humorous situations they gang finds themselves in.  I am definately recommending this movie.
B004E547D8|5.0|I'm not a big movie person, but this was the best $$ I've spent in a long time.  John Malkovich is superb!
B001CXWWBE|5.0|Works great.  No issue in loading drivers.  No issues with Windows 7.  I have not run any throughput tests but the computer seems just as fast as my other two on my home network.
B002NEFL8W|5.0|This is designed to work with the Canon 7D and is fully compatable. Use Canon batteries with this and you have extra battery power, a great grip that fits the hand. Great balance and ease of operation. Use the best-no regrets.[[ASIN:B002NEFL8W Canon BG-E7 Battery Grip for Canon  Digital SLR Camera (Retail Package)]]
6304884419|5.0|This DVD is Robert Di Niro's coming out as a director and true to anything Di Niro it is a classic. Growing up in a neibourhood<br />like this film brought back a lot of good memories. One of my all time favorites.
0783233477|5.0|The lines in this movie, the music, the smallest gestures are like a poem, choreographed before your very eyes.  I love the part where the old jamaican lady says we're lonely here, too, mostly.    And, \\"65 years - don't they go by in a blink.\\"    There are no words that can articulate the beauty of the movie.  Of course, Brad Pitt and Claire Forlani are exquisitely beautiful in it, too.  And Anthony Hopkins is, as always, amazing.
B000FILW86|5.0|Finally got Rockford. Not sure why I waited so long especially after all the great things read about it.  This cd is fantastic.  Maybe my favorite all-around album put out by Cheap Trick.  Right up their with One on One which I thought  was great as well.  Like another said, Welcome to My World wouldn't have been my first choice as the opening song, but after that it is fantastic (WtoMW still isn't a bad song).  Great guitar sound.  Driving beat. Just brilliant.  Really like If it Takes a Lifetime and the closing with Decaf which is exactly the sound I enjoy listening too. Different, driving, great beat...great song.  Looking forward to picking up The Latest now.  Cheap Trick should be headed to Cleveland and the Hall of Fame in the near future.
B000Y1H7VA|2.0|A whole lot of twenty-something audiophiles really wanted to treasure the Smashing Pumpkin's reunion album, Zeitgeist, when it came out earlier this year. And if you put the already-reissued album in your computer you'll notice that the band has added the subtitle \\"Album of the Year Edition\\" to their title - they too, obviously, want to think Zeitgeist is good as well. One listen to the album's core 12 tracks will tell you one thing: Billy Corgan and Jimmy Chamberlin worked really, really hard on these songs - maybe harder than they have since recording Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness.    Here's the thing: Billy Corgan is a really intelligent, talented guy - maybe too much so. Have you ever met the rare kind of person who is so much more naturally intelligent than everyone around them that they can hardly function in social situations? Well, that just might be the case with Corgan, who has been making - at best - pretty decent music for the better part of the decade since Mellon Collie hit. Lucky for longtime fans (who will no doubt enjoy the best moments of this latest batch of songs), Corgan is still trying - probably because he has nothing else to do - to be what he once was: a bigger-than-life rock n' roll god.    After a few embarrassing public pleas to \\"get the band back together\\" with original members, Corgan decided to settle on doing what he's always done: write everyone song, play every instrument, sing ever vocal and drive his loyal drummer, Chamberlin, nuts with his critiques and incessant tooling and tweaking. After initially finishing the album Corgan and his label devised a plan to sell a million or so records, a plan that had the record being released in no less than four different initial ways (all with different tracklists) - clearly hoping the diehards would buy the album multiple times. Now, over six months since its initial release, Corgan and his wigged friends have released a definitive version featuring the extra songs that were spreadout over the other versions, as well as some pretty cool packaging and a DVD that features two music videos and a very worthwhile making-of documentary short. (Diehards: sounds like you have yet another CD to buy!)    Upon listening to the first issue of this album I started to write a review that featured a whole lot of negative critiques and basically painted the album as a phoned-in homage to their glory days, sans the specialness that once was. I eventually decided to let it all slide, after all, Stephen Malkmus and I had already long ago agreed that the Pumpkins \\"don't have no function.\\" That said, Corgan and his fellow Pumpkins were one of my favorite bands in high school, so - like pretty much everyone else who sought out Zeitgeist - I was perfectly happy liking all the songs just enough to prompt me to dig out Siamese Dream for the first time in a year or so. There were moments (the lead single, \\"Tarantula,\\" for one) that had me remembering why this was once the best band on the planet, and I could absolutely feel the hard work behind every second of the album, but alas, the average moments ... well, the average moments come off like a has-been treading water, fingers crossed their new scheme will fly by the radar.    And by \\"scheme,\\" I'm talking about more than Corgan and Co.'s dirty attempt to sell, sell, sell. I'm talking about the Guitar Hero-sounding attempt to bring back thoughts of better sounding days. Not an attempt to evolve or even perfect, but a shameless crack at being what they once were, then saying in plain words via the accompanying DVD that they were trying to give the fans what they want. It's sad, really, that the Pumpkins - despite self-proclaiming their album the \\"album of the year\\" - have to die this way. It's sad, but if it makes you feel better, James Iha, D'Arcy and Stephen Malkmus are all sitting around somewhere, drinking beers, laughing. Album of the year, this ain't; shameless final attempt to sell physical copies of albums inthe digital age, it is. It's also a waste of some pretty heroic guitar riffs.
0439023483|5.0|I've heard rave reviews about The Hunger Games and now I am writing my own. I picked up this book with high expectations and I wasn't disappointed. Katniss is a likable protagonist--tough, loyal and flawed. I could identify with her relationship with her younger sister, her fierce protectiveness.     I don't think that there was a dull moment in this novel. Luckily, I already have my hands on the sequel.
B0049OSQ18|5.0|Back in the early 2000s the indie kids were cuter. They liked reading novels like \\"The Perks of Being a Wallflower,\\" movies directed by Michel Gondry, thai food and thrift shops. They also liked the first Decemberists album, Castaways and Cutouts, very much. By 2009, the year of the last proper Decemberists release (rock-ish opera The Hazards of Love), the kids were into tattoos, craft beer and either pop/dance music, hillbilly posturing or punk rock (or some hybrid of those things). Known for their bibliophile-friendly writing and accordion laced shanty sound, The Decemberists have seen their popularity amongst the hip kids drop over the last two years, so much so that their new record, The King is Dead, hardly earned them a silent shout from the indie community.    But that's okay, as the album, comprised of 10 pop-fitted, REM-influenced gems, debuted at No. 1 regardless. Go figure - maybe the bloggers and tat shops and Facebook updates and Tweets of the world don't quite have the New Era power we give them so much credit for. Me, I bought the record at Target for $7 on release day, right off an endocarp, sitting loudly between Michael Jackson and Nicki Minaj.     Their thesaurus-informed language here brought down to earth more than usual and their arrangements about half as dressed up as on their other releases, The Decemberists here remind me most of Bright Eyes during his I'm Wide Awake, It's Morning era. Both King and Morning, for starters, were recorded following big tours in support of hugely elaborate albums. Also, both records feature short, often twangy songs and memorable lyrics. Sure, that strange, bookish edge we all fell in love with years ago is mostly gone, but the song craft is as strong as ever - soaring within the realms of pseudo-country songwriting structures.    Along for the ride on almost every cut are Gillian Welch and David Rawlings, two of the best accomplices you can have if delving into twangy waters (see Ryan Adams' Heartbreaker). Mostly we hear Welch's vocals, which, with repeat listens, become an essential part of the record's vibe - almost demanding us to learn all the words and howl along. Also present on a third or so of the album is REM's own Peter Buck, who quietly adds his distinct jangle, never taking his own noted amount of influence too seriously.    I also hear, if you can believe it, some country-era Rolling Stones in the mix, especially in the stomp-worthy \\"All Arise,\\" one of my favorite cuts on the album. \\"This Is Why We Fight\\" almost sounds too much like REM at first, as does the title track. No worries; repeat listens numb any urge to play Name That Influence with The King is Dead. The result is a collection of songs that plays through as a true Decemberists record. A mature release that sees one of the most interesting and successful indie bands of the 2000s growing up a bit, leaving behind all the harebrained ambitions to be grand and cutting edge, instead stepping into shoes that fit. What else do we have? Well, the most listenable - and maybe memorable - Decemberists albums yet, that's all.
B0029QRA1U|4.0|Even though I don't have mine hooked up to a PC, I get a lot of enjoyment ripping my vinyl collection with the iKey Rackmounted Digital Recorder. The sound is clearer and the albums play better than it was when I used the Brookstone USB turntable (the one that recorded straight to a USB flash or SD card). With the ikey RM3, I can record my albums to WAVs if I want to. I've done about 50 albums so far. (BTW, the ikey doesn't do so well with the PNY flash drives I have been using: it usually cuts out by the time I get to the 2nd side. So I use only SD flash memory cards. ) The RCA connectors on the Sony turntable I bought stopped working after a month or so. Therefore I had to buy another turntable and the Ion Audio just happened to be on sale down at Office Depot for $59.99 last Black Friday. I like the springs on the feet of the turntable; it helps to keep it steady. Don't sell this turntable short because of the brand name or the price.
0802130208|5.0|This is one of my favorite books.  The book is well-written, sarcastic, and overall just a pleasure to read.  I found myself laughing out loud multiple times.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|This is the first headset I've bough exclusively for gaming. Overall I'd say it's a quality product for the budget minded gamer. The \\"surround sound\\" effect is descent on some titles, but on others it just makes everything sound muffled. I'd recommend this to anyone not planing to spend over $100 on a set.    Pros  -Good Volume Control  -Comfortable for most gaming sessions  -Works with 360 and PC as well  -Microphone works well  -Long Cords    Cons  -\\"Surround Sound\\" Effect is mediocre  -Lots of wires  -Can be uncomfortable after long gaming sessions (3+ hours)
B004DK5CW4|5.0|This is one of the best movies vie seen in a very long time. If you are a horse lover or not you will enjoy this film.
B0009HKH6Q|1.0|The Amazon on-line rental version of this movie is cut off on the bottom -- about 25% of the bottom is missing throughout the entire picture.
B002KSPKRS|4.0|Product is overall good. If you paid full price you kinda got ripped off, I paid $150 and wouldn't pay more. They do crackle now and again. I've never owned a pair so I didn't know what to expect, a basis of comparison would've helped sound wise. Sound is great though.
B003O86MY8|5.0|I had never heard of David Garrett until I saw him on the Today Show. He performed the 5th. All I could say was WOW! This is great. I knew from that one song that I would love this. I listen to all kinds of music and love it when artists create a blend. Sarah Brightman was the first crossover artist I listened to and I love what she does. I love the song list on this cd. There is not a song on this cd that I don't like. My favorite is the 5th. I would recommend this disc to anyone who likes classical and rock. All I can say is WOW! This guy is a super talent on the violin. If you buy this, really listen to all the different things he does with the violin. The band is super too. I absolutely love this!
B003L20IFQ|1.0|Look, I'm sorry if you cannot get past the fact that I'm not actually gonna review the movie.  You can read the other reviews for that.<br /><br />I wasted almost 20 minutes fiddling with the stinking commercials, credits, and menu system before I could actually see this stupid movie.<br /><br />I have a real beef with the fact that the bloody disc has 10 minutes of commercials on it prior to the main menu ever showing up.  And then I have yet to figure out how to turn the closed captioning on.  I can see where it is supposed to be toggled on or off, but no key press on my remote seems to be able to turn them on properly.<br /><br />I think I wasted a full five minutes trying to do that before giving up.<br /><br />Then once you finally get to the movie, guess what, there is almost a full five minutes of music and credits at the beginning of the movie.  No action, no people, nothing.<br /><br />Combine all of that with my slow loading Panasonic Blu-Ray player and the fact that I was starving and just wanted to sit down, relax, eat my meal in front of the tube, and enjoy a little entertainment, these people basically almost sent me ballistic.<br /><br />It's really difficult to eat and fiddle with all of this ridiculous CRAP simultaneously.<br /><br />Thanks for ruining my evening whoever put together this piece of junk.<br /><br />Oh, I will put in a little movie review, \\"Don't waste your money on the Blu-Ray version of this movie because probably 80 percent of it is shot with so little light in the coffin that all you are looking at is a black screen anyway\\".  You don't need Blu-ray for that.<br /><br />My $0.02 worth.
030746363X|5.0|I can't get over all of the people who have the nerve to leave a neg review without even trying the program. Get your butt up off the couch and try it before you knock it. By leaveing all these neg reviews you are consequently causing people who could truely use a life change to bypass this book.      The book is great! But it seems to me most people are not reading it the way they are suppose too...He says the book is a buffet, you only read the chapters that cover the goals you have in mind. Everyone has different goals therefore there are weight loss, weight gain and muscle gain chapters. Of course you wouldn't do all three! Thats just common sense.    As far as Im concerned Tim has made all the mistakes for me and now all I can possibly do is profit from all of his research.    And for all of you prudes that have a problem with the SEX chapter...get over it! SEX is and should be a natural part of a healthy life. The fact that people think that it isnt is why the US has a devistating divorce rate. 50% of women in the united states have never experienced the big O...Thats just sad. And is directly realated to fat lazy men who don't mind that the only kind of sex they get from their wives is pitty sex. Which in the long run leads to Cheating,Depression and Weight Gain.     And for the women who actually liked the book but felt she couldnt give it to her friends and mother as gifts b/c of the sex chapter...GET REAL! Everyone has sex and everyone is entitled to have better sexlife. Even your MOM!
044654759X|4.0|I love Nicholas Sparks and have read every one of his books. For the most part I love them and I think over the years they get better and better. I loved Safe Haven and enjoyed reading it. It was a little different and more exciting than his usually stories. It had more action in it just like 'The Lucky One.' However, the ending to me seems a little twisted. I did not like how he portrayed things (I don't want to give it away). I feel like the story was very exciting, then just sort of stopped, like he couldn't think of anything else to write. I think the final ending could have been much better but all in all it is a good story and I do not regret purchasing the book for the rest of my Nicholas Sparks collection.
B000BKJ78U|5.0|I kept the original movie versions, all three, on VHS. Finally gave away two VHS copies, kept the original \\"Empire Strikes Back\\" for myself, but I keep it in safe keeping and never watch it. Why? Because I like the new additions and sound effects, plus handy dvd discs, although, when the redo's were first introduced I did not like all of the effects. This is the set with modified additions deleting some of the most irritating retouches like Luke's screaming when falling off the platform in Empire Strikes Back. A big thankful, thank-you! I never liked that screaming that was never there before, and thought it kinda foolish since it seemed to make him more mortal.<br />In general, I like the additions like Jabba's talk with Han, the Jabba dancers, and even the emperor revised in Empire Darth Vadar private conference. The only real questionable redo is the very young Darth at the final of Return Of Jedi. Why are OB1 and Yoda remain ancient in after life spirits, when Darth is given a rebirth. Scratch my head on that one.<br />All three dvds play very well on my new stereo television monitor, and if I want fullscreen, just give the zoom button a single jab! Thanks Mr. Lucas.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|Love the series and so glad I was able to get the 5th Season.  Watched it back to back and now I can't wait for season 6 to be available :)
B002GJT4XM|5.0|This is the first movie in the series and one of the best. i love this movie. I thought that the film makers did a good job staying true to the book as much as possible. this is a great movie. This ultimate edition is for every harry potter fan to own.
B0037KMHRY|1.0|So the black cd doesn't read in most of my cd players.  Yea for me and my new $12 frisbee....
B0043RT8JU|5.0|Words cannot begin to tell you how much i love this book. it is worth every penny. the characters really come alive and Margo means so much to me. she is vivid and relatable.<br />the book talks about that trapped alone feeling that everyone has sometimes. this book helped me discover myself.<br />john green is amazing and thats all there is to it.<br />please please buy.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Magic is pure Springsteen Magic.  It starts with a new classic \\"Radio Nowhere,\\" reminiscent of 57 Channels and Nothings On, but with more drive.  I just wish the song was longer.  It's hard to believe Springsteen's been producing music with the same joy and power as he made almost 40 years ago. You'll want to dance and sing with Bruce and the band.
B001GKYBXA|5.0|As the Fireman, Paul McCartney can slip into a persona and experiment with sounds without the burden of living up to the 'McCartney' reputation.  As a result, Electric Arguments is probably the most adventerous, innovative and exciting McCartney album to come out in years.  McCartney lets lose with no inhibitions. The sheer exuberance of the music will put a smile on your face.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|Avatar is a science fiction movie that takes place in the distant future. A corporation is mining a material that is hard to come by, but is rich on a planet called Pandora. This planet is populated by large blue human like creatures know as the Na'vi , who worship nature. To learn about the Na'vi scientists use fake bodies called avatars that are operated from machines by people who are genetically matched to operate them. Jake Sully, a paralyzed former marine is chosen to operate one of these machines because he is a close genetic match for his brother who was killed. He is assigned to protect the scientists' avatars while they gather data on the planet. When he wondered off from the group he ends up meeting a female Na'vi who takes him to her clan's leader who orders her to teach him their ways. The commander of the companies private force promise Jake that if he gives them all the information he learns about the Na'vi they will give him the means to walk again. Jake agrees and goes through all o the training while making video logs every day. As he stays with the Na'vi and learns their ways he grows close to them and falls in love with the clan leader's daughter. He spends much more time in their world than in his own. When it is discovered that the Na'vi will never leave the private force is ordered to destroy their home.  After the destruction Jake recruits warriors from all of the other clans to prepare an attack and the private force wants to make a strike before the Na'vi attack can begin. During the battle when all hope appears to be lost for the Na'vi the planet itself appears to aid them in the battle with the planet's wildlife joining into the attack and defeats the humans. At the end of the battle all the humans aside from Jake and a few other scientists are banished from Pandora and the Na'vi perform a ritual in order to transfer Jake from his human body to his avatar.   This movie very much so relates to the World Religions class because of its in depth coverage of the Na'vi culture.  It shows what they worship, their values, beliefs, and customs. It also showed their initiation rites to be part of their clan and even their courtship methods. It is also very closely associated with the religions depicted in chapter 2 of our book because the Na'vi are very similar to the early Earth-focused culture who value balance in nature. I highly recommend this movie due to its innovative graphics, interesting story, and for the exposure to the surprisingly in depth culture of the Na'vi.
B00004TDTO|5.0|Jaws has always been one of my favorite movies and now I own it.  Thank you for shipping it so quickly and in excellent condition.
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|The Social Network is another masterpiece by David Fincher. The film is gripping, entertaining, and important. The Facebook movie easily could've become a joke but Fincher is able to make things that are boring and foreign really exciting. I saw The Social Network first in theaters and thought it was solid but after watching it on blu-ray multiple times the film has really stuck with me. There are lines in the movie that I still think about weeks after seeing the film. Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin and Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg are both tremendous. Garfield is the heart and soul of the film in my opinion and Eisenberg is so believable as the aloof and slightly arrogant lead character.     The blu-ray version of the film looks and sounds wonderful. The film is really dark in the sense that there is very little light in the film and most of the scenes are in the dark and indoors. This is where the blu-ray quality really stands out - every scene is clear and there are no dark spots. I can't speak to the quality of either of the commentary tracks or special features but there does seem to be a reasonable amount of features.
030746363X|2.0|I reads like an infomercial.  Can't believe so many positive reviews, they must be part of Ferris' large affiliate/groupie network.  The section on sex was laughable and must've been inserted to inflate his ego in some odd way.  Seriously... finger a woman for 20 minutes and she will have an orgasm... is the net-net.      The fitness part is a joke and does the vast majority of fat people a great disservice.      Buy it if you want to feed Ferriss' imaginary view of the world.  The only one getting any value from his books is Ferris as he takes money from the growing class of people looking for shortcuts in life.
B002BSHWUU|4.0|I liked it very much. I am from Mexico and the price for this boxset in the record stores here is way too high to make it worth buying the entire boxet instead of the individual records. I went to the US during my winter vacations and purchaed it via Amazon at an excellent price.    Some people complain about the quality of the stereo recordings, but I guess it is just a difference that you can notice once you have listened all the fab four discography.    I purchased a while ago the Capitol records boxset and was VERY disappointed about the quality of the materials and the design. I was expecting to be the same for The Beatles Stereo Box Set, but I was gladly surprised. The materials and the quality of the design make it a much better purchase than the edition releasd by Capitol Records. I love that it also includes the Past Masters editions.    The sound is good, the only song I did't like too much was \\"Got to get you into my life\\", which sounds terrible (not sure if it is the same in the original recordings).    Overall this is an excellent option for those new Beatles fans and something that the hardcore beatles fans should have.
B0036EH3UC|4.0|Who the hell do these ppl think they are charging 130 for 4 season.  I'm sorry but even when friends/scrubs/SG-1 came out at 10 seasons I don't think they were this expensive.    Anyway that being said, great series, good action, great drama, it's not a 5 but damn close.  Acting was very good, plot was kind of the same line as the original series, but they tweaked it a lot with the cyclons it wasn't just about the humans.      I thought they did a pretty good job with the remake.
0307454541|2.0|Many of my friends who are big readers have told me how much they love this book, it is a million seller, loved around the world, apparently, so of course I bought a copy as well. I found the writing style to be dry and rather boring. Apparently the writer's intention was to build up curiosity about the family \\"mystery\\" and the mysterious background of the girl, by only very slowly going into any plot details, and then shifting focus from the girl to the journalist and back again. I believe that almost nothing happened of great significance or of interest until half-way through this novel, and when something finally happened, it was graphic, disgusting descriptions of the most vile, perverted sado-masochistic sexual assault and mayhem. The crimes and action in this book, which take up only a very small portion of the endless pages, appear to be the product of a truly twisted mind, in my humble opinion. I am not a prude at all; I enjoy violent crime novels by Elmore Leonard and others, but they are fast-paced, with great dialogue. This novel was slow, and boring, and tedious, and then suddenly it had descriptions in overdone detail about really perverted acts. I am more surprised by all of the people who I know and respect who enjoyed the book, than I am by the book or its author. I guess I am just greatly surprised by the hype. I am glad that millions of other readers enjoyed it, but I did not. I will not be reading the two sequels.
B004BLTIO8|5.0|I like Baldacci as much as I enjoyed reading Ludlum. Hell's Corner is a great story! Looking forward to his next book.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|This is a great compilation if you are looking for a little bit of everything from the Beatles. A huge Beatles fan friend of mine recommended it to me, and I'm really glad I purchased it. A good mixture from the beginning of their career through the end with a nice mix of upbeat and more mellow tunes. Highly recommended.
0802473156|4.0|Problems with relationships? well, maybe you don't know your love language. This is a pretty simple, to the point book, good for the beginning of relationships. Kind of Relationships 101 class.
B000JIHP88|1.0|I splurged on this mobile for my 2 month old... and he delighted in it! I really liked the way the objects moved for him; it is entertaining but also peaceful. It helped train him to fall asleep for naps on his own. However, I've had the item for not even a month and already the thing won't spin anymore. The music plays, but the objects won't turn. I am very disappointed that I wasted my money on it, especially since I've thrown away the packaging and probably can't return it.
1423113497|5.0|I saw the first movie and a friend told me these were a book series. So immediately bought them and I have not been disappointed. They are very entertaining even for adults and inspiring for young teens with ADD/ADHD. Great adventure story. I will be buying the rest of the series.
B0048LPRCS|5.0|Enter the Void has taken film to new level. Loved the psychedelia and the artistic visual effects along with the LOVE HOTEL!
B0034G4P7G|5.0|As with all this producer's work, the dialogue drives this movie! Yes, you might love Facebook (or hate it!) but it's the movement of the story through pure, brilliant dialogue that makes this movie a likeable hit.
1401310400|1.0|I'm a fan of the show and couldn't wait to read the book. I opted for paperback since money is tight right now.     I am extremely disappointed in the quality of the book. The font is so small I couldn't get past the first page! I opened it to the middle to check the quality of the binding and discovered that the words are set so close to the inside edge of the paper that you would have to crack the book to open it wide enough to read. I doubt the binding would hold up to that since the cover appears to be simply wrapped around the pages instead of folded into crisp corners. The top and bottom pages are wrinkled by the glue of the binding.    I borrowed a hardcover copy of this book from the library and I am returning this paperback to Amazon. I will be getting Book 2 from the library as well. I would advise readers not to buy paperbacks by Hyperion Publishing, or at least buy them in a brick-and-mortar store where you can check the quality before you buy!
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|Amazing movie. Just saw it over the weekend at Amazon VOD with no idea about this movie, ordered cause I felt the preview was nice and I was blown out with the movie. Highly recomended to watch it atleast once.    Fantastic Action, Brilliant Actors, a simple story but put very well. It's a big screen movie.
B003UESJH4|5.0|This isn't a film to watch for the plot or a cliff-hanger ending. The story is low-key and pretty well-known to any student of British history. The abdication of Edward VIII has been covered many times, though this is the first movie I've seen that covered it from George VI's point of view. Anyone who wants high drama or intrigue had better look elsewhere.    The reason to watch this film is the acting. Now and then it happens that a group of actors at the peak of their form come together in a film and this is such an occasion. Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush are simply brilliant in their roles. It's arbitrary to call Firth the leading actor and Rush the support, because both dominate the screen and, as Rush's Logue says, in his rooms they are equals. Firth perhaps has the more difficult role, because he has to play a man who stutters but doesn't want to- it's so much easier to look like an actor playing someone who stutters. He is so convincing that I, in common with others who watched the movie, was saying the words for him and willing him to say them. Rush is engagingly eccentric and believable as the voice therapist; incidentally, at that time it would have been almost unthinkable for a British-born therapist to take the liberties with protocol taken by Logue and the inspired casting of Rush makes the relationship entirely plausible.    The supporting cast is stellar and equally skilful in creating their characters. Helena Bonham Carter is marvelous as Queen Elizabeth, known to later generations as the Queen Mother; she's suitably refined and genteel, but with the quirkiness and determination that the lady herself possessed. Guy Pearce is a weak and feckless Edward VIII (and looks just like him, too); Michael Gambon gives his usual fine performance as the tyrannous George V; Derek Jacobi and Jennifer Ehle play their parts admirably, and not least the wonderful Claire Bloom plays a convincingly uptight Queen Mary. Even the princesses are well-cast!    If you enjoyseeing the craft of acting at its very best, this is a film you should not miss.
014241543X|4.0|This book kept popping up in different reviews, blogs and to-read lists so I suggested it for my young adult book club so that I would have to fit it in to the schedule.  I'm glad I did.<br /><br />There are some very heavy initial scenes in which you are watching with Mia as she figures out that her family was just in a devastating car collision.  Bring on the tissues early in this one!  What plays out in the chapters throughout If I Stay is a heart-wrenching look at a 17-year-old's life, love, passion and family as she teeters on the brink of a major decision: to go or to stay.  Much of Mia's life and world is told through flashbacks which do actually develop all of the characters, not just Mia, fairly well.  Without this, you wouldn't be able to care about Mia or her decision, but thankfully, they are well written, and you do care.  There are moments where you feel Mia's triumphs from her old life, her life lessons, her yearning for acceptance, greatness, a future with bright things, but there are also the other moments where Mia can feel nothing but the need to give up.  You feel all of this with her.  I even found myself holding my breath near the conclusion, still unsure of what the final outcome would be, would Mia decide to stay or go?  While ultimately Mia does make a decision, there are questions left unanswered.  This can be good or bad depending on how you feel about the series aspect that has taken over YA fiction of late.  Personally, I don't mind a cliffhanger to ride you into the next book in a series, but I do also need the book to stand alone and not leave me with confusion.  This may be an effort to have the reader garner their own answer to certain questions, but if it involves a major plot point, it becomes frustrating.  But this book was well written enough that I can overlook that and look forward to the next book in the series.<br /><br />I would recommend this to readers aged 14+ due to the violence and very serious subject matter.
B000F8O35U|1.0|The DVD purchased was substandard.  It was very blurry and distorted.  Looked like a bootleg movie or one that had been poorly copied.  This the first time I have been disappointed by an Amazon.com purchse.
0061726826|5.0|My Synopsis<br /><br />Amor Deliria Nervosa, aka Love. A disease that is slowly being eradicated from society. According to the government, love is at the heart of all wars, debauchery, deviance. If people cannot love, then people cannot hate, and society will be safe. Makes sense, which is why the government created a surgery to rid a person of the disease. This operation isn't done until you reach 18. You are then given some appropriate matches and get to choose which one you want to betroth. Of course, you won't make that connection until after you complete the college major that was chosen for you. And then you will have 2.5 children and live in a house with a white picket fence. And be content in your nothingness.<br /><br />Despite the government's direct, harsh methods, there are those in which the operation never works. These people are tossed inside the Crypts to waste away their lives in heartache and feces. Good times. Lastly, you have the Invalids, or the people who live in the Wilds. The ones that have escaped to uncontrolled lands to love until their hearts explode.<br /><br />Meet 17 year old Lena, who is thoroughly looking forward to her operation because she wants to live a predictable life, just like everyone else...until she meets Alex and becomes infected. Lena learns the truth about her government in a very ugly fashion during a raid of an illegal party where adolescent boys and girls are mingling ( a major no no!) and unapproved entertainment is being enjoyed. This scene was brutal and Lena, who has been trying her hardest to deny thoughts of Alex, is suddenly in need of his rescue. Needless to say, Lena and Alex experience a secret, blissful romance and must make an ugly decision as to how to proceed with their lives. It is quite obvious they can't continue on in society, and Lena's operation date is slowly approaching...<br /><br />My Thoughts<br /><br />I find it quite funny that they chose 18 as the operation appropriate age, as many, many teenagers fall hopelessly in love at some point in their adolescence, and teenagers are well known for their rebellious behavior. Yea, the government ensures that boys and girls do not associate with each other until after the operation, but where there is a will, there is a way!<br /><br />Throughout the novel, the social worker in me couldn't help but think about attachment and bonding between mother and child. If these women feel no love or affection, why is it that they give a crap about their children? While this world has almost eradicated crime, I can't help but think about all the sociopaths that would really be produced from such an environment!<br /><br />One thing I really enjoyed about this book were the various quotes and passages at the beginning of each chapter. Some were from the fictional texts of the world, some were bible quotes, etc. They all focused on what love looks like, feels like, the symptoms of love, etc. It really added to the seriousness of this dystopian world.<br /><br />Delirium was the 3rd book with similar plot that I had read back-to-back. I'm not sure what possessed me to do it, but I enjoy the dystopian genre so I didn't think anything of it. I thought the book was a normal, good read about 75% of the way through. It wasn't until a certain turn of events occurred that the book went from good to fantastic. The ending was a real bite-your-nails moment and I didn't realize how much I actually cared for the characters, especially Alex, until the end of the book. Those emotions crept up on me, kind of like love crept up on Lena. The final moments of the book brought tears to my eyes. I look forward to the next installment in this series because I just have to know the truth about the ending! [Looks like I also need to read Before I Fall, which has received much praise.]e point in their adolescence, and teenagers are well known for their rebellious behavior. Yea, the government ensures that boys and girls do not associate with each other until after the operation, but where there is a will, there is a way!    Throughout the novel, the social worker in me couldn't help but think about attachment and bonding between mother and child. If these women feel no love or affection, why is it that they give a crap about their children? While this world has almost eradicated crime, I can't help but think about all the sociopaths that would really be produced from such an environment!    One thing I really enjoyed about this book were the various quotes and passages at the beginning of each chapter. Some were from the fictional texts of the world, some were bible quotes, etc. They all focused on what love looks like, feels like, the symptoms of love, etc. It really added to the seriousness of this dystopian world.    Delirium was the 3rd book with similar plot that I had read back-to-back. I'm not sure what possessed me to do it, but I enjoy the dystopian genre so I didn't think anything of it. I thought the book was a normal, good read about 75% of the way through. It wasn't until a certain turn of events occurred that the book went from good to fantastic. The ending was a real bite-your-nails moment and I didn't realize how much I actually cared for the characters, especially Alex, until the end of the book. Those emotions crept up on me, kind of like love crept up on Lena. The final moments of the book brought tears to my eyes. I look forward to the next installment in this series because I just have to know the truth about the ending! [Looks like I also need to read Before I Fall, which has received much praise.]
B003ZDZ1WG|4.0|If you think that If I Die Young is overplayed- you still will enjoy this album.  There are a good few songs - Walk Me Down the Middle is pretty decent.<br />Their vocals harmonize well.  I would recommend this cd as an easy listening go to.
B00005JSGK|5.0|Love this movie!!  If you like John Wayne and Africa --you'll love it too!  The scenery is fantastic and the animals WOW!! rinos,elephants, lions and all the Africans animals and the baby elephants.  And of course John Wayne you can beat this movie-it's not his westerns but it's one of his good ones.  A movie for those who like the outdoors, little love John Wayne style and the African country.
0061726826|3.0|Ever wanted to wipe a guy from your mind because he shattered your heart so soundly?    In Lena's world, you can.  However, like all small blessings, it comes with a catch, and it's a biggie.    Lena lives in a future United States where a group called the `Consortium' has taken over.  In true dystopian fashion, the government, not individuals, make all major life decisions for citizens, including place of post-secondary education, profession and spouse.  Lauren Oliver creates a future U.S. with beautiful, descriptive language, and sometimes you get lost in the loveliness and the originality of the sentences, especially when she writes comparisons.  That being said, I found it difficult to `sink into' this novel at first.  When we first meet Lena, she is about to turn 18 and full of anxiety about her future.  Because of this, Lena is an extremely introspective character, and at times, I think I would have liked some more dialogue or action to break it up a bit, but then Oliver would come out with a completely amazing sentence that would make me reread it with pleasure.     Lena's world is SUPER circumscribed, and this is where Oliver's novel really differs from other dystopian reads for me: Lena's world never feels safe, not even at first.  Yes, she was told her world was safe, orderly and protected, but I never got that feeling.  I was creeped out from the beginning by how regimented her life was: early curfews, absolutely no contact with boys who weren't family or cured yet, and the constant reminders that if you are suspected of doing anything that smacks of civil disobedience, you will get a one-way to ticket to death or hell on earth.  The government certainly has covered its tracks with the mother of all PR campaigns in Delirium; everything, from the Bible to national history to current events, has been rewritten.  At times, it felt like something akin to Nazi Germany.    Lena's insecurities as a young woman are poignant and familiar.  However, she mentions them enough times to make me think of other contemporary characters who also are self-deprecating.  She feels that doesn't measure up in the looks department and is nothing very special.  Here family also lacks in social status and her legal last name is a burden because of the shady past of her parents.  Because of these things, she actually is grateful for the procedure and her government's system - it ensures she'll have a place in the community and have someone in her life, albeit one who is chosen for her, not by her.  You get the feeling that Lena isn't happy to get the procedure so she can dodge the love sickness, but so she can escape her memories and feelings about the past.     She didn't count on meeting Alex, who is a marvelous example of a loving, brave, and selfless guy (he's my new lit crush).  Alex has a few secrets of his own, and they both broaden Lena's horizons and endanger her future at the same time.  Oliver's writing really shines at its best during the beautiful moments shared between Lena and Alex.  I won't spoil anything here, but let's just say I said, \\"Ahhhhh,\\" and \\" Awww,\\" several times.  Outloud.    I have to admit, I had a hard time wrapping my brain around the premise.  Who wants to get rid of love?  Sure, it's really inconvenient at times, but capable of being a national threat?  No.  And then I realized the catch.  Remember the old saying, \\"It's a thin line between love and hate?\\"  It's a thin line between a lot of different emotions: love, hate, passion, anger, etc., and all these different feelings provoke strong actions.  Take away the ability to feel those emotions, and what sort of person do you have?  A damn boring one who won't cause trouble.  This isn't spelled out in Delirium, but I have seen this comment in a few reviews and wanted to add in my two-cents.     While I struggled to get into the first third, I couldn't stop reading the second half.  Lena really develops in it and creates her own beautiful world within the one she has to live in.  I hope we learn more about what circumstances the Consortium came to power under in book two, and gain more insight into what kind of world Lena is truly living in.  I wish I had more background context for this book as I think it would have helped me get into it a bit earlier, but I will say that once I was hooked, I stayed that way.  The world in Delirium is a refreshing, new dystopia we have not yet seen before with an original premise - a truly fascist, threatening government right from the start with a paranoid population in which a forbidden love flourishes and a young woman starts to find out what she is really made of.  I think once we know more about the the reasons behind the premise and understand more about the world outside of Lena's immediate frame-of-reference, we will have a wholly satisfying trilogy in our hands.
B000EQ5SR0|3.0|Aeon Flux is a good movie but it is lacking in the story.  The whole story line was taking down the Goodchild.  The only mix that was thrown in was at the beginning about 30 minutes into the movie.  After that everything was pretty much predictable.  Other than that the effects were amazing the action was good (even though extremely far fetched.  How does someone break a persons neck with a twist of the wrist?)  The CGI and lighted effects were amazing.  For what there was of a story line that was even good.
B001UV4XUG|3.0|Joseph Gordon-Levitt is such a cutie that I'll give anything he's in a chance. I've had a crush on him ever since 10 Things I Hate about You. In fact he still looks like he could be a high school student even though he's got to be about 30 now. That's how I came across this movie in the first place while checking out his imdb page. Did this even go to the theaters for more than like a week? Okay, so even with my bias toward Joseph in the first place, this movie was kind of blah. There are some cute moments, but for the most part it irritated me by glorifying characters that I don't like. Zooey Deschanel's character is trendy and uppity that I really disliked her. When she gets mad at him after the fight in the bar, I wanted to throw my remote at the tv. The fight wasn't his fault; it was the other guy in the bar who was being a total out of control jerk. That was just one of many moments that made me want to scream, \\"Why are you wasting your time with her??? She's not nice!\\" Maybe it's just me, but it ruined the movie for me. It's not terrible; it just could've easily been fantastic with more likable characters.
B000001YOW|5.0|Everything by Porcupine Tree is fantastic and brilliant and mind blowing, including Signify.  But the Magnus Opus is the unbelievably brilliant masterpiece Voyage 34.  Nothing will EVER be as good as Voyage 34!!!!  I want to meet Steven Wilson and shake his hand and thank him for saving my life.  With his music and some good headphones I don't need drugs anymore!
1936594293|5.0|This was my breakthrough, oh my God I love reading, book back in high school. I always did well in English class, but I never deeply loved literature until we read this book. I read far beyond the assigned pages in class because I loved Jane Austen's writing, her characters, and her witty lines. I often found myself smiling and occasionally laughing while reading the book. This book had such a profound influence on my life that I'm now an English major in college. After reading this I sought out other books in the same style like the Bronte sisters. Over the years, I've basically forced all of my friends and poor boyfriends to read this book so I could talk about it with them. I'd recommend this book to absolutely anyone who can understand and tolerate the language and dialogue. I'd recommend reading the first few pages for free here on Amazon, and if you can follow the writing of the time, get this book right away. You'll love it.
B003WUYOQ6|5.0|The reigning mantra that a low fat, high carbohydrate and high exercise lifestyle will produce sustainable weight loss is shown to be based more on plain assertion than on science. This is an interesting and convincing read.
B003LK41ME|4.0|This is such a tremendous show, I really recommend it to anyone looking for an adventurous romp in TV heaven. An AMC Originals drama (created by Vince Gilligan) with great action, (dark) comedy, and lots of suspense. The download quality is a little 'off' on my laptop, but that may just be my connection of outdated Flash player. I have a lot of fun following Walt \\"Heisenberg\\" White on his adventures as he tries to piece together a life that makes sense despite many disturbing setbacks. The direction is A++ and also an interesting cultural study of the American southwest and drug/Latino/cop culture. Season 3 is no let down, so pony up the cash and enjoy :)
B000U0O9FM|5.0|i read this book last year and it has changed the way i look at things. tyler durden makes you realize that there ARE non violent ways to get even with people... even though he does use some violent ones too. read this book!!!
0307272702|5.0|More accessible and to the point than \\"Good Calories, Bad Calories\\".  (Read that one if you require more detailed evidence.)  Also contains new information and the evidence is growing.  My trust in Mr. Taubes is complete.  Don't depend on our government to tell you how to eat and lose weight, they're 60 years into the myth that it's your fault. Well, it is, if you take their advice.  Read the book, learn the truth and break out of the self-defeating cycles of semi-starvation followed by greater weight gain.  If loosing weight isn't enough, you need to learn the truth about carbohydrates, especially the highly refined flour, sugar and possibly the worst toxin on Earth, high-fructose corn syrup.  \\"Your body doesn't know the difference...\\" is a bald-faced lie.  I started a very-low carbohydrate diet on Dec. 1, 2010, I've lost 29 lbs in 2 months, through the holiday season, and I haven't gone hungry for a single minute of any day. This advice works.  Next, read a book about your statin drugs and get rid of them.
B00005JO5L|5.0|Very interesting and unique film basically about a serial killer who kills gay men. The film takes you into the unseen underground s & m gay men's scene. So this subject is foreign to most movie viewers. I would only recommend it for adults. The soundtrack is my favorite aspect of the film, and you hear an early recording of a little known Los Angeles punk rock group of the time (70's) the germs fronted by lead singer and a personal friend of mine Paul B. (aka Darby Crash). So for me this film not only takes me back but reminds me of the 70's and is a testament to the late Darby Crash (only Paul could overdose and die the same day John Lennon was shot). Long live the 70's punk rock scene. And may Darby rest in peace.
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|Just awesome! The quality is truly stunning. I saw this originally at the Hawaii International Film Festival,   so I was truly excited when I heard the Blue Ray Edition was released.   Awesome Price for a Anime Masterpiece!
B002JVWQSW|5.0|Get ready for laughs, laughs, laughs! If you don't have a sense of humor in the least, then this set is not for you. Otherwise, I think this Season will be enjoyed by all for many years to come!
1439177783|5.0|This is not just a book about eating disorders.  Anyone who has ever suffered from self love and/or acceptance will bennefit from reading this.  Love and acceptance needs to start w/yourself & everything esle will fall into place, however, that's sometimes a diffifult task.  Portia's book will help you BELIEVE it's OK to put yourself first & not feel selfish.  She is talented, successful, loved, thin...yet she struggles.  We live in an extremely superficial society, however, one must learn - AND BELIEVE outward appearances are not what make a person...it's the heart & soul!  Portia's book will help you on your journey of self acceptance which leads to self love!
0385523386|4.0|I've been curious about this book for a few months, since stumbling across it one day at the bookstore. I'm definitely glad I finally read it; it's a great story and an interesting look at women's prisons from the view of someone who spent some time in one. Orange is the New Black is the story of Piper Kerman, who is sentenced to 15 months in a federal minimum-security prison for a 10-year old drug offense -- carrying a suitcase of drug money for an ex-girlfriend.<br /><br />Piper isn't exactly someone I was prepared to feel a lot of sympathy towards; she was in a position of privilege (relative to her fellow inmates), having had access to a great lawyer, the support of family and friends, etc. But I ended the book thinking that her story is a great (and important) example of the absurdity of the war on drugs and mandatory minimum sentencing, and so many of the other problems with our criminal justice system. I liked the honesty of her storytelling, and that she was able to portray so well the humanity, friendships, and humor of the women she encountered behind bars. The stories of pedicures, special dinners, birthday surprises, welcoming parties, etc. brought an entirely deeper level of understanding of the women that were imprisoned along with her. Factual research strewn throughout the book's pages also takes this from simply being a memoir of Kerman's stay in Danbury to a source for information on policies and realities of the federal detention system. As someone with an outsider's point of view as well as an insider's view, Piper is able to show the reader just how broken the system is and how little it prepares women for life on the outside.<br /><br />Definitely a recommended read for anyone who is interested in criminal justice and prisons, but also an interesting book in general for anyone else.
B002ZHKZEM|5.0|Must see.  The waters of mars is a fantastic episode.  It pushes the character of the doctor to the very limits.
0375850864|5.0|I absolutely adored this book! I read it without really knowing much about it other than the fact that it won the Newberry Medal and seemed to have so many great reviews, and I'm so glad that I picked it up. I've been reading a lot of YA and Middle Grade books lately, rediscovering old favorites and finding new books that my kid self would have loved, and this one definitely falls into the latter category. I adored A Wrinkle in Time as a kid, and I love the way that When You Reach Me ties into L'Engle's story. I don't think you have to have read it to understand this book at all, but having read it will only make the experience more enjoyable.<br /><br />Essentially, the story is a puzzle. Things start to go awry in Miranda's life and she can't quite figure out what's going on. Her best friend begins to avoid her, she starts to receive mysterious notes, the crazy homeless guy on the corner keeps catching her attention... and it's up to Miranda to figure out what's going on. It's a beautiful story that is realistic and straightforward, and yet still fantastical. The fantasy elements (like the time travel aspect) are done very well and were never over the top - they added just the right amount of whimsy to the story.<br /><br />Such a great read; I would definitely recommend it.
B00200K2UG|4.0|This bag will gobble up an obscene amount of gear.  It is designed to carry a 70-200 2.8 either on a gripped body, or vertically inside the pack.<br /><br />In mine i have 2 gripped bodies, several lenses and 3 flashes.<br /><br />Once full, this thing is heavy and...<br /><br />did i mention it's HUGE???
B003L20IFQ|5.0|I bought this movie.  I'm always looking for different ways of telling a story.  This was excellent storytelling.  Now I'm extremely claustrophobic.  It's difficult getting me inside of an elevator.  So everytime there was a shot of this enclosed space, I found myself hyper-ventilating.  It's not shot in the 'first person' but still you have no one but the Paul Conroy character to identify with.  You begin to see, feel, hear and experience his situation along with him.  His sense of helplessness, growing fear and panic is yours as well.  I am not a 'spoiler' so this review will be brief.  Suffice it to say it was not a waste of money.  Kept me enthralled and left me weary and weepy (is that a word?) to the end.  Gave me a lot to think about and not easy to shake off.  I highly recommend this movie to those who are looking for more entertaining, cerebral cinema viewing.  Just my 3cents.
B00454U1NS|5.0|I am typically a country girl. So i was shocked to find myself a Pink fan. I purchased this CD mainly because it had a few older songs on it that i like and her new songs that i love. I would reccomend this to anyone who is an avid fan of music. I like Pinks style..the get in your face tell you like it is music.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I saw this movie at the theatre and loved it. This dvd is a Valentine's gift for my daughter.  She is a big fan and I know will appreciate the movie.  I have read the books and I do enjoy them more, but I still like to see the movies.  I like to put a face to the characters. In fact, I am also looking for a copy for me.
B001N44BVQ|3.0|Actor's are great, movie just ok.  I am a classic movie buff. But as far as the product, new and fast delivery. Great gift for someone who likes that type of movie.
B000JIHP88|4.0|overall i'm very satisfied with the mobile. it's coloful and eye catching, the leaves oscillate up and down as the animals rotate.    the way it attaches to a crib, it would work best for level top rails, that don't extend solidly down too far (< 4\\").    it's a little quieter than i expected, but that's good and bad.
B001CDZZI6|5.0|The book is very good for what it claims to do.<br /><br />Don't be distracted by negative reviews.  Most of the ones I read either didn't read the instructions or had unrealistic expections.  It's good to be aware of details but misleading for someone judging the quality of the material.  Anyone selling a used copy should warn people if the code has already been used!<br /><br />Spend some time reading through the book and the guidance it provides.  The list it provides might not be fully self-explanatory  without digging a little deeper.  You might also benefit from a little reasearch on the Strengths movement and Marcus Buckingham.  There are some good resources online on YouTube and (i believe) iTunes.<br /><br />I too, like others, wish I could just buy a code without having to purchase the book again.  If it helps, the Kindle version might be a little less expensive and environment-friendly.
B00284G2IA|5.0|I'll get this out of the way first: the picture quality of this Blu-ray is HORRIBLE. The colors are off, and the video images have this weird, flat, one-dimensional quality with no depth, making the performers look like cutouts superimposed on the background in many of the shots. Hands down the worst looking Blu-ray I've ever watched.  On the other hand, the concert itself is without a doubt the best concert video I've EVER seen. The editing complements the various tempos in the songs, the camera work is excellent, and the special effects, such as the occasional blending of the performances with the live background video projections, are perfectly done. Also, I loved the small touches the director used, such as the spotlight shining on Marco, and into the camera, as he sings \\"the light was brighter\\" during \\"High Hopes.\\"  Plus, THOSE SONGS! If you're a Nightwish fan you need no convincing how great the music is, and if you're not a fan you surely will become one if you like highly melodic, dramatic music with a hard edge - this is some of the best symphonic metal ever produced, IMO. Tarja's voice is strong and beautiful, and the rest of the band turn in close-to-perfect, tightly choreographed renditions of the sometimes complicated songs. I really can't rave enough about this concert.  It's a shame about the Blu-ray, though. If you already have the DVD, do NOT waste your money on upgrading like I did, and if you have yet to buy this, GET THE DVD - THE DVD ACTUALLY HAS BETTER PICTURE QUALITY THAN THE BLU-RAY! (especially when up-converted on a Blu-ray player.)
0316098337|3.0|The intriguing and unique idea of the book got me started, but the artificial voice of the child was too much.  In my experience, rising five-year-olds don't talk like that.  The effort to narrate through the child's voice was a great idea, but in practice it was so distracting to me, I lost much of the value of the story.  The premise was interesting, if a little sensational for my taste, and the good reviews encouraged me to try the book.  The idea of a child finding his limited world 'normal' under such circumstances was the intriguing part of the story.  While I'm not sure such a young woman would have the maturity to shield her child from the horror of her situation, nor the ability to give him a positive life, I liked the idea of it and was willing to suspend belief a little to appreciate how she managed it even though there were a number of things that just didn't add up for me.  Still, I'd have been willing to overlook them but for the child's voice.<br /><br />I have grandchildren not much older than this child and have also spent time with their little companions.  I even have tape recordings of my own children at very young ages and volunteered for a time at a daycare center.  Children learn the basics of speech pretty early. Even isolated children and late talkers are more inclined to use only single words or short phrases rather than scramble the structure of language.  They absorb the idea of articles right from the start and if they are multilingual, they will learn it differently for the different languages without coaching.  Precocious children tend to make mistakes with tenses in very early speech because they communicate more independently, but we're talking two and three.  By four they rarely make such mistakes anymore.  Although this child didn't have others to learn from, he did have TV and a few books.  His mother corrected him on some things, but not basics, which I found peculiar.  His resulting speech came off sounding strange.  Of course, I know it was really the author's effort to imitate a child's speech, but I found it so distracting I couldn't really get lost in the story.<br /><br />For people who are not around children and have no preconceived idea of how they sound, perhaps this would not be a problem so the story could be appreciated for the underlying concept, which is thought provoking.t was really the author's effort to imitate a child's speech, but I found it so distracting I couldn't really get lost in the story.    For people who are not around children and have no preconceived idea of how they sound, perhaps this would not be a problem so the story could be appreciated for the underlying concept, which is thought provoking.
B003HARV4S|4.0|The Illusionist receives an overal score of 8.5 / 10.0.<br /><br />It has a wonderful story and has pretty good quality for a blu-ray.<br /><br />The story can be a little calm or slow for a while, but if you persevere you are rewarded nicely at the end.<br /><br />Not the best blu-ray quality movie, but better than DVD and good considering when the movie was filmed.<br /><br />I would definitely purchase again for 8 dollars and I had this movie on my \\"I will buy it when I find it cheap list\\".
B003NFM3JK|4.0|We really enjoyed this offering. Carrey did a great job on the voices, as did the other wonderful cast! We did think the Ghost of Christmas Present's wasting away was a bit too frightening for younger children though! Other than that, a great retelling of a Holiday favorite!!
0385341679|5.0|but I was looking for something to read and was tired of the same ole mystery, thriller, historical fiction, etc.; and based on the reviews of the first book and subsequent books in the series, decided to give it a try.  I'm so glad I did.  It's funny and smart and filled with mystery and mayhem, romance, and even some historical fiction.  I was so pleasantly surprised and sorry when I got to the end of the series.  Try 'em, you'll like them.
B002ZG993Q|5.0|This is a great movie! I was disappointed that I could not read the subtitles and missed out on the most crucial visual detail in this movie due to the formatting of this DVD and not owning a wide screen television.
B004GHNIRK|4.0|I started Les Mis with the translation by Fahnestock & MacAfee in paperback. After reading more than 3/4 of the book, I purchased a Kindle.  While I awaited its arrival, I downloaded Kindle to my PC & searched for a Kindle copy of Les Mis (& didn't want to pay a second time for the book). I could not find the same translation, but this is very similar. I easily transferred over 450 highlights from my paper copy to the ebook (on my computer).  It took time, but it was pretty straightforward (a little awkward since the translations weren't identical). It would have been much harder & longer to try to do that on the actual Kindle.    One thing I miss in this translation: \\"Slang\\" is usually used instead of \\"argot\\", \\"emeute\\" is not used for \\"riot\\". It was fun to have some French words which would be explained & repeated in the text, used as text (in the F & M translation), instead of a translation which seems weak (in the Kindle copy). This is why I gave it a 4 instead of a 5.    I really liked the links from the Table of Contents to each volume, book & chapter (chapters were not listed in the Table of Contents of the paperback). But there is no forward option (to the next chapter).  The format was very readable, even easier than the paperback (a blank line between paragraphs, which was very helpful on the extra long paragraphs).    An added bonus, which I found helpful, at the end of the Kindle copy, there is a letter Hugo wrote to the Italian publisher in 1862 telling in his words why Les Mis is for all nations. (This was not in my paper copy.)    By the time my Kindle arrived, my notes were ready to sync from the PC to the Kindle (pretty quick & mostly painfree), & I finished the book with the Kindle... much easier to hold & manipulate than 1500 pages.
B003Q6D282|1.0|After six previous installments, the once indomitable \\"Saw\\" franchise has finally been laid low by the law of diminishing returns. What an ignominious, albeit fitting end to a once strong horror series that simply overstayed its welcome with audiences.    \\"Saw: The Final Chapter\\" finds Hoffman (Costas Mandylor), having survived his death trap at the hands of Jigsaw's widow, Jill (Betsy Russell), now planning one final game in order to settle the score. Knowing that Hoffman will stop at nothing for revenge, Jill seeks out Detective Matt Gibson (Chad Donella), offering up any and all information she possesses in exchange for protection. Meanwhile, Bobby Dagen (Sean Patrick Flanery), a self-help guru and proclaimed Jigsaw survivor, is out promoting his inspirational tale of survival. However, behind Bobby's harrowing tale lay a dark secret that may cost him everything that he holds dear.    Having forced myself to endure through the last few entries in this once original and now stale franchise, I thought that perhaps nothing could bring this series to a close. After all, this blood-soaked saga has survived being critically panned repeatedly, it's own incredibly convoluted and borderline incomprehensible storyline, and ultimately becoming tedious and repetitive.    I never expected that horror fans would eventually grow tired of the same old thing, quit forking over their hard-earned money, and force Lionsgate to kick the Jigsaw legacy to the curb? I mean, hardcore horror fans have kept many an undeserving franchise afloat well past their prime. But, I guess even the most ardent horror aficionados have their limits.    So, where did this most recent, and reportedly \\"final chapter\\" go wrong? Well, pretty much in all of the same areas as its torturous brethren. Now, please note my doubt at the \\"fact\\" that this is going to be the absolute final installment in this franchise. After all, \\"Friday the 13th Part 4\\" was subtitled \\"The Final Chapter\\" and yet there were six othersequels that followed in its wake. So, pardon my disbelief, but the word \\"final\\" holds very little meaning with horror films. But, I digress.    As has been the growing trend ever since \\"Saw IV\\", the story for this last installment is as paper-thin as ever; relying solely on the traps to keep things moving along. The writing duo of Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan once again return to craft what unsurprisingly turns out to be yet another well below sub-par horror flick.    Now, how does one create a movie that ranks as being below sub-par, you ask? Well, by sticking to the status quo that this duo had established in their previous outings in the series. A checklist of sorts is as follows: creating characters that an audience can relate to is no longer necessary, plot holes can always be fixed by the next installment via flashbacks (except this film can only fix previous entries, any errors here will presumably be left wide open), and originality is either too hard or takes too long.    Now that I've listed out briefly what major issues with the story can be found in this movie, let's look at them a little closer.    I mentioned that providing a character that audiences could relate to was apparently deemed no longer necessary by the writers of this movie. In the first few movies we were introduced to characters quickly, but we would come to know who they were and see them grow to an extent over the course of the film. With this installment, and the previous two for that matter, the characters placed in the various traps are complete blank slates to us.    The only character we do manage to learn bits and pieces about, mostly through the tapes recorded by Jigsaw and a few flashbacks, is the primary victim Bobby Dagen. The problem is, his character, a self-professed self-help guru, is completely uninteresting, and nothing we learn about him improves that perception. For a main character, either the writers poorly handled the role or the actor, Sean Patrick Flanery (\\"The Boondock Saints\\"), went completely in the wrong direction with his lame performance. Whatever the case, the character was a narcissistic bore that you find yourself caring very little about.    Another issue is the various flashbacks that take place in this movie. The previous films all featured flashbacks to help fill gaps in the story they are featured in, or fix any plot holes left behind by their predecessors. So, if flashbacks have become such a staple of the franchise, then why do they bother me in this installment more than ever before? The reason is because the flashbacks are used so prevalently that they become distracting.    Every time I saw a flashback in this film, I just found myself thinking, \\"Ok, here we go, what plot hole, from which film in the series, will we be addressing this time?\\" When your viewer begins having this type of thought, then game over. Because it has become quite obvious that you've relied on this tool for far too long and it has grown tedious.    While we're on the topic of the tedious nature of this series; we now arrive at the unoriginality inherent in this film. For starters, the characters are nothing more than carbon copies of previously used, forgettable characters from other horror films and franchises. Truth be told, I'm not that surprised by this issue, since lame characters have become another staple for the series lately. Still, a little bit more effort could have been put forth to make some of them seem a little more unique. Oh wait, that would have been too hard, and therefore impossible for this writing duo.    Then there are the infamous traps of the \\"Saw\\" franchise. Despite their macabre nature, the traps have always been both creative and complex in their design. In the previous two films, they have become less inventive, and a creative block had apparently found its way into this aspect of the series. Now, I presumed that the writers would take whatever steps necessary to break down this block, and bring back some ingenuity to the most recognizable part of these films. Apparently, I was wrong in that presumption.    Don't get me wrong, there are a couple of traps that present some originality. However, beyond those two or three traps, the remainder simply repeat various aspects of the three original ideas only with some small twist to make them \\"new\\" or \\"different\\". Unfortunately for the writers, this lame attempt to fool the audience failed, and I for one was left feeling like I had already seen it all before.    Now, I know that last angle of criticism seemed odd (as it has every time before), but for this type of movie some critiques may seem a bit out there. I mean, when inventive traps are the order of the day, one must point out when that inventiveness has lost its footing. Anyway, moving on.    In regards to the writers of this film, Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan: what I don't understand is why these two talent-less hacks continued to get the writing job for this series? Especially, when these guys have been so pivotal in this franchise's steady downfall.    To me, if you're either Lionsgate or the franchise's producers you'd want to, I don't know, maybe find someone that could wrap up the series on a higher note rather than potentially push it down further. I'm all for giving people another chance, but come on, these guys have had three previous movies to make their story work. Yet, all they've managed to do was make everything more confusing and derivative.    Perhaps if a different writer or writers had been brought on board to help out or re-write this mess, then maybe the series wouldn't have devolved into the stagnant, gore and snore-fest that it has become. Then again, ending the series with \\"Saw III\\" would have been an even better idea, since that was the last time this series actually possessed anything even remotely resembling a plot and character development. But, I digress once again.    Despite all of the issues to be found in this final installment, there were two things that \\"Saw: The Final Chapter\\" sort of did right. First and foremost, the writers managed to finally bring this series to a conclusion. Not necessarily a completely satisfying one, but a conclusion all the same. For that, I say thank you and it's about time.    Secondly, the flashbacks manage to provide some answers to questions left lingering ever since \\"Saw IV\\". Namely, explaining how so many times since Jigsaw was killed in \\"Saw III\\" these other victims just so happened to coincidentally stumble into his traps as he had planned. As it turns out, Jigsaw had yet another accomplice previously unknown to the audience who had been maneuvering these victims into their proper places to undergo their \\"therapy\\", so to speak.    Of course, this retconning of events didn't provide resolution for all of the instances of happenstance found in this series. But, at least it was a decent effort all the same. That being said, this surprise revelation still felt convoluted and was an obviously desperate attempt on the writers' part to save face for their oversights and/or shortcomings with the previous three films.    You may be wondering why I semi-praised the usage of flashbacks after I just complained about them moments before. Well, the reason is that sometimes an element of a movie can be both beneficial and detrimental at the same time. The flashbacks were problematic because of their prevalence in this film, and also for the incredible amount of retconning they did to the series. But at the same time, the retconning proved beneficial at times in attempting cohesion for the franchise as a whole. It's complicated, but oddly enough I think it's fitting given how convoluted this entire franchise has become.    Finally, let's take a look at the quality of acting found in \\"Saw: The Final Chapter\\". In the lead role of Hoffman, Jigsaw's replacement, we find the insufferably boring and seemingly lifeless (performance-wise), Costas Mandylor. As he has doneever since his first appearance in this series back in \\"Saw IV\\", Costas has presented to us a performance so completely devoid of any shred of humanity, charisma, or excitement that one wonders how this man ever finds work in Hollywood. Not to mention, why did the casting director feel he was an appropriate choice to replace Tobin Bell after Jigsaw's demise? The answer is beyond me.    Speaking of Tobin Bell, as always his brief appearances in this film are the only times I actually became interested in the movie. I was actually surprised that he wasn't featured more in this film. I thought the writers were setting a trend with the previous movies by having Jigsaw appear more frequently through flashbacks than he ever did when he was alive. If that had been the case, then maybe this movie wouldn't have been the worst one yet. I guess they wanted to see if the film could stand more on its own without as much of Tobin's aid. Too bad it didn't pan out, though.    Filling out the other primary roles in the film are series veteran Betsy Russell as Jigsaw's widow and series newcomer Chad Donella (\\"Final Destination\\") as a detective tracking down Hoffman.    Betsy Russell seemed to fall into Costas Mandylor's method of acting in this film as she does not seem invested in the role at all. Of course, given the low quality of writing found in the script, I can understand why she no longer has any interest in this character. In the case of Chad Donella's performance, I wasn't really sure what to expect. If his one-dimensional, wooden performance in this film is any indication, then I think he fits right in with the rest of the cast. Because he certainly doesn't have the talent necessary for other, much stronger movie fare.    Then we have the cameo appearances by Cary Elwes, reprising his role as Dr. Lawrence Gordon from the original film. Cary's performance in the first \\"Saw\\" was generally over-the-top, and at times laughably so; however, his performance here is almost completely in the other direction. Despite delivering a very restrained performance, Elwes' portrayal wound up suffering from being far too obvious. While he corrected one performance mistake, he created another one in return, go figure.    What makes this surprising is that Cary's not new to acting; he's been acting for years. And I know he can do better, I've seen him do it in previous films (for example, \\"Kiss the Girls\\"). I guess he just didn't see a reason to try, most likely due to the quality of the script and how small the role turned out to be.    In the end, a once strong horror franchise has been weakened to the point it can no longer sustain an audience's interest and must finally be put down. Of course, if you ever watch this entry, or any of the last few for that matter, then it's not surprising that this is the end given the inferior quality on display. So, unless you're like me, and have watched all of the previous entries in the series and just want to see it come to a conclusion, do yourself a favor and steer clear of \\"Saw: The Final Chapter\\".    \\"Saw: The Final Chapter\\" is rated R for torture, disturbing images, violence and language.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|I recently purchased this DVD on the recommendation of other Amazon reviewers.  It is one of THE best movies that I have ever seen.  The acting is superb as is the dialogue.  The scenes with Victoria and Albert are so touching.  It'd be great if others in the film industry would take note on how to do \\"love\\" scenes.  They were tasteful, decent, and so loving.  I sure hope the producers of this film find another equally great project to do.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|UP<br /><br />STARRING: The Voices of: Edward Asner, Christopher Plummer, Jordan Nagai, Bob Peterson, Delroy Lindo and Jerome Ranft<br /><br />WRITTEN BY: Pete Docter and Bob Peterson<br /><br />DIRECTED BY: Pete Docter, Bob Peterson and Thomas McCarthy<br /><br />Rated: PG<br />Genre: Animation / Adventure<br />Release Date: 29 May 2009<br /><br />What a beautiful film. When I say this about Disney and Pixar's Up, I mean it both for how the film makes us feel as well as the way it looks. It's filled with glorious animation and spectacular colors. This is the kind of film that will inspire you to buy a Blu-Ray player, if you haven't done so already. Vibrant does it minimal justice.<br /><br />Much like Wall.e, Up is something kids will have a blast with, but will also force them to think. It's not a mindless bouncing off the walls disaster, like so may cartoons have been in the past.<br /><br />Like most great films, Up centers around a love story. Two kids meet and fall in love at a young age, due mainly to their shared common interest in being explorers. They are Carl and Ellie and we see their relationship grow and prosper and eventually turn into a wholesome marriage. This is all shown to us in what I considered to be the film's most original and touching moment. It's all done without dialogue, and is accompanied by a heartfelt score.<br /><br />Sadly, Ellie passes away and leaves Carl alone and heartbroken. They had plans together to travel to one of their favorite places: Paradise Falls. They had a jar with their life savings set aside and everything. But as is too often the case, life got in the way of their plans and with unforeseen bills and expenses, the trip was never had. In case it's not blatantly obvious, you're crying your eyes out by this point in the film.<br /><br />We see that Carl has turned into the sweetest old man imaginable, complete with a full head of white hair and a set of large, dark, square-framed eye glasses. He lost a piece of himself when Ellie died and his beloved home becomes a valuable keepsake for him to remember her by.<br /><br />When he is threatened with losing his sacred home to a rich tyrant, Carl must act fast. Having several hundreds of balloons stored in his home (which is meaningful to the story) he remedies a brilliant plan. He will take his house, with the help of those balloons and a whole lot of helium, and will fly away to Paradise Falls!<br /><br />His plan works, but he soon realizes he has unintentionally brought someone along with him; a small boy-scout named Russell (Jordan Nagai).<br /><br />The two befriend one another and embark on an incredible adventure, involving a classic villain voiced by Christopher Plummer, and several other interesting creatures. Marking it as only the second animated film to ever be nominated for an Oscar for best picture of the year; Up is sure to become a timeless classic.eepsake for him to remember her by.      When he is threatened with losing his sacred home to a rich tyrant, Carl must act fast. Having several hundreds of balloons stored in his home (which is meaningful to the story) he remedies a brilliant plan. He will take his house, with the help of those balloons and a whole lot of helium, and will fly away to Paradise Falls!    His plan works, but he soon realizes he has unintentionally brought someone along with him; a small boy-scout named Russell (Jordan Nagai).     The two befriend one another and embark on an incredible adventure, involving a classic villain voiced by Christopher Plummer, and several other interesting creatures. Marking it as only the second animated film to ever be nominated for an Oscar for best picture of the year; Up is sure to become a timeless classic.
B002BWQ6H6|5.0|This book was a bit slow to start and I struggled to get through the first chapter. There is a lot of character development that first chapter, about half way through I was hooked. Just when you get hooked into a chapter he changes the narrator on you, which makes you want to keep reading. The writing in this book was beautiful, seriously some of the best I have read in a while. The story is set in NYC in the early 70's circulating around the event of Philippe Petit tightrope walking across the twin towers. Many of the characters are connected and in the end it really all comes together. The ending of the book was truly beautiful, poetic, I was sad the story ended and could not stop thinking about the last few paragraphs.
B001SS3JS8|2.0|The author had an interesting idea for the overall plot, but about half way through it just falls flat. The characters have no real level of depth,  therefore you could really care less how things turn out for them. Especially Emily, who seems to, out of the blue, decide that suicide is her only hope. Also, the verdict for Chris at the end of the story is ridiculous.  I also don't understand the sudo \\"affair\\" between the Emily's father and Chris's mother. It seemed to have no place in this story. I found myself intrigued by this book early on as it seemed like it would be a real page tuner, but it just turned out to be a big disappointment with too many ridiculous, irrelevant story lines and unanswered questions.
1594481938|5.0|I like this novel so much that I often give it to family and friends as a gift. Hornby focuses on the lives of four individuals who meet on New Years Eve on a rooftop that each meant to be the site of their suicide leap. Instead, their chance meeting engenders firm bonds between them that help them transform their lives. The quartet includes a down-on-his-luck TV anchor, the mother of a now-grown-but-still-dependent disabled son, a fifteen-year-old girl whose family life went awry when her older sister went missing, and a 20-something American rocker whose band and girl have dumped him. Hornby is a funny writer, but what sold me on this book was his insight into the human heart and his ability to draw characters who are vivid and real. I cared about these characters, even the unappealing TV man Martin, even as I cringed with and for them.
B0035G5IOE|4.0|The good:<br /><br />* The animation is really rather wonderful. If you are grew up with the old Rankin & Bass classics every Christmas and Easter and/or are a fan of the weirdness of Tim Burton, then I think you'll like this. It is fairly \\"jerky\\" but I think that's just a part of its charm.<br /><br />* The blu ray is crystal clear. You can see every hair on each animal, every leaf on every tree really stands out etc. The clarity of the picture is just fantastic.<br /><br />* I actually quite liked George Clooney!  There, I've said it!  A lot of people hated him and felt he was just being lazy and revising his Ocean's 11 character but I thought he was actually quite good and really suited the part of the cheeky Mr Fox.<br /><br />The bad:<br /><br />* The whole film is shot in oranges and browns and that's pretty much it. There were a few night scenes that had a nice rich blue but otherwise, I felt, it was lacking in colour. Other people might feel that that too is just a part of the film's charm but I had to go outside and stare at my lawn for a while to remember what the colour green looks like! So it may not hold the attention of young kids for too long.<br /><br />* The character of the animal children are voiced by adults. Now that may not bother some / most people but it did bother me. The character of Mr Fox's son Ash (voiced by Jason Schwartzman) was just creepy! I just think children's characters should be voiced by ... well ... children.<br /><br />* The character of Rat (voiced by Willem Dafoe) might be too scary for littlies especially when he pulls out a flick knife. Rat also refers to Mr Fox's wife as \\"the town tart in her day\\". Try explaining that to your kid when they turn to you and ask \\"what's a town tart?\\" ...<br /><br />The ugly:<br /><br />* The constant (and irritating) use of the word \\"cuss\\". Here's an example of just one scene (Mr Fox has an argument with his lawyer Badger (Bill Murray)): \\"I'm going to ignore your advice\\" \\"The cuss you are\\" \\"The cuss am I, are you cussing with me?\\" \\"No, are you cussing with me?\\" \\"Don't cussing point at me\\" \\"Don't cuss with me you little cuss\\" ... And this is just one scene. Believe me - it's right through the whole film. I mean if you're going to swear, then swear but this really isn't appropriate in a film aimed at children.<br /><br />* Here are a couple of lines that I was very surprised to find in a movie aimed at children: \\"Those farmers aren't going to quit until they've got you and every member of your family nailed upside down to a bloody stick with your eyes gouged out.\\" and \\"But at the end, he's just another dead rat in a garbage pail behind a Chinese restaurant.\\"<br /><br />I gave this four stars because I actually quite liked The Fantastic Mr Fox but if I had known about some of the lines in it, I would not have let my 4 year old watch it.  This is really a quirky film for adults rather than a traditional film for kids.cussing with me?\\" \\"Don't cussing point at me\\" \\"Don't cuss with me you little cuss\\" ... And this is just one scene. Believe me - it's right through the whole film. I mean if you're going to swear, then swear but this really isn't appropriate in a film aimed at children.     * Here are a couple of lines that I was very surprised to find in a movie aimed at children: \\"Those farmers aren't going to quit until they've got you and every member of your family nailed upside down to a bloody stick with your eyes gouged out.\\" and \\"But at the end, he's just another dead rat in a garbage pail behind a Chinese restaurant.\\"       I gave this four stars because I actually quite liked The Fantastic Mr Fox but if I had known about some of the lines in it, I would not have let my 4 year old watch it.  This is really a quirky film for adults rather than a traditional film for kids.
B000UX6THK|5.0|For anyone that watched this show, loved this show or just plain loves David Lynch, this boxset is a must have. While it does not come packed with lots of extras, it does come with everything you want and need. The dream sequence parodied in the Simpsons would be one key bonus, as well as all of the log lady intros.<br /><br />Great Boxset!
B002HK9IDQ|4.0|Once upon a time, the only way to watch MFL was in a huge theatre. The task was then leveled to the TUBE to take this epic musical to task and remove much of what made it endearing, its wonderfully calculating color palette (eventually - recently - this was corrected with painstaking diligence, its w-i-d-e, CinemaScope panoramic frames (cut nearly in half to fit the TUBE). VHS as just TV with crappier resolution. When LASRDISC reared itself up on its hind legs and shouted at the moon that films could be PRESENTED in their original aspect ratios, and with detail that we just could not find on the home market at all. Laser went the critical distance with MY FAIR LADY with two audio channels (sounds paltry in an age where a film on DVD or BLU-RAY could run a couple of DOZEN.  The packaging was just as inventive: housed in a huge Laser/LP box which contained 3 discs - in CAV - as well as books of costume design and lithographs, even down to a filmstrip of 70mm positive footage of the film. But the interesting aspect of the two tracks was that one featured more of Audrey doing her own singing parts (most all were relegated to Marni Nixon).  So you could listen to entire feature with either Audrey or Nixon.  When it debuted on DVD, the first thing to mention was how how extraordinary the picture and sound were, making up a quantum leap into the laser archives.  Nevertheless, if you wanted the film with Audrey's vocals, you couldn't do it. They were strictly supplements only accessed on their own.  Miss Hepburn's vocals, I thought, were charming, and I more often watched that version.  I sincerely hope that when WB makes their newest quantum leap, that they will return us that soundtrack.
B002ZG97E2|5.0|great movie, my 5 (almost 6) year old loves it.  the extra 3 mini-movies on the 2nd disc were also very entertaining.  the only bad thing i have to say is that it was missing the code for the digital copy.  after a short correspondence with universal, i received a code to download the digital copy.  just wish everything was there in the first place...
B000Y7U98C|3.0|I love Sci-Fi movies like this and this one was mildly entertaining, but the characters were not fully developed to the point that not only did I not care what happened to them, but sometimes I was confused regarding which character was which.<br />I was confused by the ending also, not really understanding what was happening.<br />The usual ingredients were in this film also: \\"The sun is going to expode and destroy the earth. We are so smart we can 'fix' the sun, but unfortunately for mankind we sent a bunch of psychopaths and idiots to save the world.\\"<br />In spite of my criticism, I didn't lose interest in the movie--desiring to see how it turned out.
B000AMJC2K|5.0|Item arrived in a very timely manner.  Was exactly what was ordered.  We ended up not needing them.  Returned for a full refund.  Funds promptly returned, without issue.  Would definately do business with again.
B004G6009K|5.0|Cannot wait for this to come out. Have already pre- ordered my copy. Best new Disney movie...my three year old loved it.
0307454541|1.0|I didn't really like this book for the story, and I was disgusted by the extremely graphic rape scenes.  I got to the first such scene, and kept reading, thinking that that would be the only one, but no, there are several more, also horribly graphic.
B000RF7XYO|5.0|This movie is the seminal work whose beauty and perfect execution and casting inspired writers of a number of excellent books in its wake. Elizabeth incited a devoted following by presenting the story of the young queen with new insights into the pivotal influences that affected her life, and the course of history.    The beginning of the movie presents us with an England in turmoil: catholic-dominated because of its barren queen, and poised on the edge of internal change because Mary must pass the crown to her hated sister Elizabeth, a protestant, at the time of her death. Elizabeth assumes her regency surrounded by enemies within her cabinet, but having two allies: Lord Robert, a romantic interest and nobleman, and Walsingham, a heretofore unmentioned force in british history who is initially appointed as the queen's chief body guard. Throughout the rest of the story, Walsingham emerges as a ruthless defender of the queen's success. Many books have since adjusted their focus in writing about the virgin queen to include this previously unsung power behind the throne. Lord Walsingham is portrayed by Geoffrey Rush as a man who gives his queen only as much as a fair chance. For success, the real queen relied on her native wit and intelligence to guide her country though religious and political crisis.     Liberties are taken in terms of the timing of certain events and historical figures, but the screenplay and perfect casting of this film well outweigh factual flaws. At the time this movie came to the theater, Ms. Blanchette was an unknown. Her performance in this debut has none of the rough edges of other actors' early films. She springs into the limelight a fully formed talent with an excellent supporting cast. A true dramatic gem.
0061726826|5.0|The hook for DELIRIUM is brilliant. Amor Deliria Nervosa.  Every single man, woman, and child lives in fear of contracting this deadly disease.  Every aspect of society has been restructured around this idea.  The government's authority and control is total including gender segregation, media censorship, and brainwashing indoctrination.  Basically the US is under a kind of Sharia Law.<br /><br />\\"It has been sixty-four years since the president and the Consortium identified love as a disease, and forty-three since the scientists perfected a cure. Everyone else in my family has had the procedure already. My older sister, Rachel, has been disease-free for nine years now. She's been safe from love for so long, she says she can't even remember its symptoms. I'm scheduled to have my procedure in exactly ninety-five days, on September 3rd. My birthday.\\"- Opening from DELIRIUM<br /><br />We experience this world through the eyes of seventeen year old Lena.  Her fear and nervousness about the procedure are only trumped by her eagerness to be cured before the disease inevitably infects her the way it did her mother.  She observes her neighbors home vandalized because they are suspected of being sympathizers to rumored `Invalids' who reject the cure, the detached parents who never bond with their children and appear not to care when their child is hurt right in front of them, the sister who was dragged screaming from a secret boyfriend to the clinic to be `cured' and return later serene and calm with the telltale triangular scar behind her ear.<br /><br />The most horrifying thing about this society is that no one fights back. Even Lena who witnesses some of the atrocities firsthand has been so indoctrinated by the government that she accepts this is the only way to stay safe.  She does not come easily to the other side, and it's that painful, heartbreaking, utterly real journey that has so engrained DELIRIUM into my mind.<br /><br />This amazing story doesn't end in DELIRIUM.  This is the first in a planned trilogy.  The ending, while not a true ending, is complete and satisfying in a bittersweet way.  Completely unexpected, but in hindsight completely perfect too.  If you liked the world of THE HUNGER GAMES, you'll want to read DELIRIUM.  Lena starts out as sort of an anti-Katniss, but by the end, she was a true fighter.  I loved this book so much I already went out and pre-ordered a copy for my sister.  Take my advice and buy two copies from the get-go.  You won't be disappointed.<br /><br />Sexual Content: Kissing. References to sex..  This is the first in a planned trilogy.  The ending, while not a true ending, is complete and satisfying in a bittersweet way.  Completely unexpected, but in hindsight completely perfect too.  If you liked the world of THE HUNGER GAMES, you'll want to read DELIRIUM.  Lena starts out as sort of an anti-Katniss, but by the end, she was a true fighter.  I loved this book so much I already went out and pre-ordered a copy for my sister.  Take my advice and buy two copies from the get-go.  You won't be disappointed.<br /><br />Sexual Content: Kissing. References to sex.
0307456625|5.0|My friend, who has spent time in Botswana, encouraged me to read this little story because he said it was true to the culture he encountered there. Precious Ramotswe is certainly nothing like American black women. Large, stoic and self-effacing, she looks at the world patiently but relentlessly posing questions in her own unique way. The pleasure she takes in her simple life - the backyard vegetable patch, her friend the car repairman, and of course, her quiet self-chosen profession as a lady detective, which is unheard of in her culture, made a satisfying read. Not until the end is there any real danger, but I found I didn't miss all the action of other detective novels because I was visiting Botswana, and the Alexander McCall Smith does possess the ability to evoke this setting subtly and consistently throughout this fine story.
B00448SE4S|5.0|I had no idea what I was going to get when I started watching this.  Definitely a movie for the Nintendo generation, it was fantastic.  Chuck Norris, eat your heart out.
0451529308|3.0|I had read every Louisa May Alcott novel as a girl, begining with Little Women with great pleasure. Recently I sat down in excited anticipation to read this story to my ten-year-old daughter, only to have both of us fall asleep in record time. Poor Ms. Alcott's stories have fallen on the sword of the sparkling fast-paced prose of the likes of J.K. Rowling and the modern poetic stories of such authors as Alice Walker. Little Women is the story of four New England daughters of a father away fighting in the American Civil War. Illustrating their bravery and spirit, coming of age, romances and tragedies, I remember happily losing myself in their story, but now find the language so ponderous that it is impossible to re-read. I'm sorry to admit that my old friend is collecting dust on the shelf, but the world is full of great books of our time just waiting to be read in substitution.
B00004WOMV|5.0|Unlike the older two albums, In Utero is more melodic, but still shares that great dark vibe that Nirvana is known for. What particularly strikes me into liking this album, is it's not just a collection of songs, with some hits and misses like Nevermind was. Although Nevermind has some great tracks, in fact probably the most known song of nirvana --\\"Smells like Teen Spirit\\" It just wasn't a good album as a whole. However, In Utero is the only album of Nirvana that is compiled perfectly in the sound of Nirvana. So if you're thinking about getting Nirvana on vinyl Record and are a fan of Nirvana (whether big or not), I would only suggest this album, but I do highly recommend it.<br /><br />Pros:<br />More melodic of Nirvana than usual<br />Easily the most mature sound Nirvana made, until their unfortunate ending...<br />Good Tracks, Good Transitions<br />Good Mood/tone<br />Creative and Original Aspects--unlike their previous albums<br /><br />Cons:<br />In Utero is different from their past two albums (although that is the intention)<br />Last album :(
B003UERZ88|5.0|Rob Halford is one of my all-time favorite singers and I have been a big fan of all the bands he has fronted (especially Judas Priest), so I had to get Made of Metal. Upon first listening, I was a bit disappointed because it felt somewhat generic and not as heavy as most of what I've been listening to lately. The singing was good and the overall sound of the recording was powerful, but there was really nothing new in the songs that caught my attention. However, after a few more listens, it really started to grow on me and I enjoyed the songs more and more. While not as heavy as some of the older Halford material, the songs are well-crafted and quite catchy and his voice is excellent. I like every song on the CD, even those I didn't particularly care for upon the first listening. If you are a Halford fan, you should own this album and give it several listens before dismissing it. I'm sure I will be enjoying Made of Metal for years to come.
0790729407|5.0|An excellent 'documentary' of the fight for independence from the British Crown and  early stages of the subsequent Irish civil war.
0385341679|5.0|KMM has done a great job creating the Fever series and Shadowfever is a masterful ending. The build-up (and the wait) for this finale was almost too much to bear. I admire the way that KMM tied together so many intricate plots and characters from the earlier books into the climax. Good and evil definitely have shades of gray in this book.    Mac is one of my favorite female characters of any fiction book and I have enjoyed being with her as she discovered who and what she is. I kept thinking back to something V'lane once said to Mac, \\"what a creature you are becoming.\\" That's an understatement!    Barrons has always been a unique and edgy personality and KMM kept him true to form throughout the series. I enjoyed the way that all the different layers to his personality were revealed.     I will have to do a slower reread to better understand the ending, because things moved kind of fast there.  There are some unresolved issues that KMM must have left open for her next books.
B0007M22TI|5.0|One of three DVDs I purchased, along with 'A Christmas Celebration' and 'A New Journey - Live at Slane Castle,' each of which were delightful to watch and listen.
1400049628|4.0|I am now SO prepared for when the undead start marching on my little part of the world.  Tongue-in-cheek maybe but well thought out to cover all contingencies.<br /><br />I wish I had read this before [[ASIN:0307346617 World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War]], also written by Max Brooks.  It would have filled in a couple of hazy spots there.  I recommend that anyone interested in defending themselves against a zombie onslaught, read \\"The Zombie Survival Guide\\" and THEN be sure to read \\"World War Z\\", an extremely well written book (and a lot of fun besides).
B000LC4CVA|5.0|One of three DVDs I purchased, along with the original 'Celtic Woman' and 'A Christmas Celebration,' each of which were delightful to watch and listen.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|very satisfied with price and service and will certainly repeat this experience.   Am very happy with Spartacus in terms of entertainment good acting sex and action.
B00006CXSS|5.0|So unless you live under rock you'd know that this is one of the best miniseries ever. The extras are fantastic and it's a great gift for the family. I highly recommend it. It'll blow you away.
B001GF7WRW|5.0|I purchased these headphones for at home studio recording. Amazon had the best price, so I purcahsed two pairs.    I love these little babies! The sound quality rivals that of more expensive headphones and the comfort is amazing. I wore them for 3 hours straight once and my ears were not sore at all like with every other pair in this price range that I have tried.    They automatically adjust to fit comfortably on your head and fit snugly up against your ears.    Clear, crisp sound and what appears to be great quality!    Great product at a super affordable price!!
B003YFIUW8|2.0|I expected more from this book after reading previous reviews, but it just didn't live up to the hype. It's very slow to start, and the narrative get's annoying quickly. If you're choosing between a few books I would pass on this one.
0435123432|3.0|This book I found to be an interesting read, I read it aloud to my eight year old nephew who was really interested in the characters and the way the intereacted.  I would highly recommend this book as it will take you on a journey with Charlie, how he changes and interacts with the people around him. A word of warning the last few pages you may need a hankie.
B000UVT3OI|5.0|What can be said?  It's Garth Brooks with all of his hits and videos.  For the money, this is the best collection I have ever purchased.
B004D7GU3C|4.0|I own two Ricky Martin albums; his 1999 eponymous English debut, and his MTv Unplugged CD. \\"Musica + Aalma + Sexo\\" is his first release in 6 years, and while not wildly different musically from his earlier efforts, it does show how confident he has gotten with his singing.<br /><br />There are a few Club-influenced electronic numbers; \\"Mas\\" (with disembodied chants reminscent of \\"The Cup Of Life\\"), the propulsive \\"Te Vas\\" (appearing again in English as \\"Shine\\"), and \\"Sera Sera\\" for example, while the guitar-driven Folk/Reggae lead-off single is available in Spanish (\\"Lo Mejor de Mi Vida Eres T&uacute;\\" featuring Natalia Jimenez) and in English (\\"The Best Thing About Me Is You\\" featuring Joss Stone who doesn't steal the show from her duet partner for a change).<br /><br />Other standouts are the midtempo synth-driven \\"No Te Miento\\" (with an organ/guitar intro), but it's in the ballads that Martin really shines. The lilting \\"Frio\\" (which appears again featuring Wisin and Yandel), the sweeping \\"Tu Y Yo\\", the absolutely gorgeous \\"Cantame Tu Vida\\" (with flamenco guitars - reminds me of his Madonna duet \\"Be Careful\\"), the theatrical \\"Te Busco Y Te Alcazo\\" (sung in English and Spanish), and the enchanting piano/guitar-driven \\"Basta Ya\\". \\"Cantame Tu Vida\\" translates to \\"Sing For Life\\" and he sure does. Great!
B00021HBGS|4.0|We bought this for our two little boys (ages 4 and 1-1/2).  They love to play with it in the tub.  We just give them a few pieces at a time.  They easily stick to the side of the tub when wet or float.  Cleanup is easy with the mesh bag.  It suctions to the side of the tub so it doesn't have to sit on the floor soggy.  The mesh bag also allows for quick drying.  No more bleaching our old moldy ones!  I highly recommend it.  Also, the pieces are very colorful and I think girls would enjoy it as well.  My 1-1/2 year old doesn't chew the toys buy I wouldn't recommend it for a baby who still mouths objects.
B002OHN5NQ|5.0|I purchased the CTek Multi U.S. 3300 Battery Charger for use on my three automobiles and riding lawn mower.  I have the Ctek 56-261 Comfort Connect 3/8\\" Eyelet cable on my SUV and mower batteries. It is comforting to know that I can leave my mower charging all night or longer without removing the battery from the mower and it is perfectly safe.  I am ordering two more cables to put in my wife's SUV and daughter's pick-up.  If they need to charge their battery while I am away all they need to do is snap the connector to the charger's cable, plug in the charger then set the mode on the charger to Automobile. No worry about reverse polarity, sparks from clamps, improper grounding or clamps coming off. The 3/8\\" eyelets fit on the battery post clamps on all my vehicles. No need of boring out the hole to fit the bolt on the clamps.  Plus, if you are away from home and need a jump the connectors can be left in place while standard jumper cables are used.  Another plus, more so for the charger is it is so small you can take it with you on a trip where as a standard charger takes up too much space. This is a great system and the tech support is top notch. The only negative is the cable is somewhat short but I am sure that is by design to keep it away from moving engine parts while the vehicle is in use.
B002QKZLZ6|4.0|This is a nice protective carrying case for the Plantronics Voyager Pro bluetooth headset.  I usually carry my BT in my pocket when not in use, so this case frees up my pockets.  Also, I don't have to remember where I put my bluetooth headset.  It has a beltclip, and the flap closure is magnetic.  Because I often wear a jacket or a coat, I don't mind adding another carrying case to my belt.  I already have my cell phone parked there, so I don't want to add another one.  A very good investment.
0061726826|5.0|Seventeen-year-old Lena is just three months (ninety five days if you want to be exact, which she does) away from her procedure. The procedure that will save and/or cure her of deliria nervosa--something we currently know as love.<br /><br />Love is seen as a disease in Lena's world, something to be feared and avoided at all costs. The cure is celebrated and people who lived in before there was a cure are pitied. Delirium is slightly similar to Matched in that there's a world the main character lives in where she believes herself to be happy, an outside world of rarely (if ever) acknowledged people who don't follow the rules of the society, people are paired together for marriage, and there's an unexpected romance that blossoms that brings the character to certain realizations.<br /><br />Delirium is a fantastic tale, very much worth reading because even if it might have some things in common with Matched it is very much its own book with its own characters and story.<br /><br />And of all the dystopians published recently, Delirium has probably the most frightening idea of a future society: one that has (all but) eradicated love. And while people have arranged marriages of a sort and count themselves lucky if they never fall in love (as love is a disease), it's not just romantic love they are proud to be rid of, either. Mothers and fathers no longer feel any true affection for their children, siblings can't say they love each other and are distant once they've had their procedure.<br /><br />Words obviously get you in trouble, but actions will also betray you as not truly 'cured' as well.<br /><br />A cure that Lena was absolutely sure she wanted, was sure was the right thing until she met Alex and he turned her view of things on its head.<br /><br />Now, as Lena journeys toward the date of her procedure, readers will go along with her as she discovers more about her world, where she comes from, and maybe where--and who--it is she wants to be at the end.<br /><br />10/10
B003Q6D1YW|5.0|Ever since it debuted at Sundance in 2010, the authenticity of this farfetched documentary has been endlessly disputed. It's true that Catfish plays more like a movie than it does a documentary, but the makers behind it insist that it's true. Whether true or untrue, Catfish is quite the interesting film.    Directors Ariel \\"Rel\\" Schulman and Henry Joost share the New York office of Ariel's brother Yaniv \\"Nev\\" Schulman, a photographer. After one of his photographs is published, Nev receives a painting from 8-year-old Abby Pierce. Abby and her mother Angela begin an email correspondence with Nev, which Rel and Henry begin documenting. Angela begins sending Nev paintings frequently and claims that two of Abby's paintings have sold for $7000 apiece. Using Facebook, Nev becomes friends with Angela, Abby's dad Vince, Abby's brother, and Abby's half-sister Megan Faccio. Nev and Megan's correspondence grows flirtatious in nature and Nev finds himself liking Megan. Soon, Nev, Rel, and Henry become aware that something is not quite right when Angela and Megan send Nev songs they claim are their own, but are taken directly from youtube. They begin to uncover more fabrications, including the discovery that a building Angela has claimed was purchased for Abby, is still for sale. When Nev has to travel to Colorado for a photo-shoot, the three decide to travel to Michigan to unravel the mystery.    Even describing Catfish, one can't help but think the whole idea sounds written. Nev, Rel, and Henry certainly got very luck to capture what they did, which allowed the story to unfold the way it does; but they admit themselves that they were lucky. If it is a hoax, the director's seem to have made a complicated cinematic riddle that's very hard to solve. There are few clues that point to it being fake besides the story being very hard to believe. Certainly, there are questionable cinematic aspects, like how the sound of certain people is so good without a mic, but if you looked at every documentary with such skepticism and scrutiny, you could probably find something not quite in sync. With that said, the dialogue never seems scripted and the three guys never come off as bad actors, but genuinely confused and intrigued people. It's this uncertainty and the misleading (but extraordinarily intriguing) trailer that seems to keep people from enjoying this film. If people watched it without reservations, I believe they'd enjoy it so much more.    The film benefits from slow-building suspense and an effective score, but this may only serve to dishearten some viewers when the film has it's big reveal. To many, this reveal will be an anticlimax but I found it a fascinating revelation. If Catfish is indeed a documentary, it's an unusually gripping, suspenseful, and enlightening one. Documentary or not, there's some powerful material here as it's a shocking film and a tragic portrait of loneliness. I won't reveal the end, but let's just say Angela is a rather tragic figure. Rarely does a documentary (let alone a film) almost move me to tears, but Catfish is an emotionally gripping, sad, and somewhat disturbing film that rendered me speechless and left me with great sadness. Hoax or not, it's an effective film.    If it is a documentary, it's the best documentary of 2010. If it's a hoax, it's an effective and well-made cautionary tale about internet communication. It's sad how overlooked and appreciated this film has been.    *Side-Note: I don't care anymore whether Catfish is real or fake. For me, the enduring mystery of the film is why Nev has a tramp stamp.
0765326353|5.0|Sanderson's career continues to impress, and The Way of Kings does not disappoint.    The Way of Kings opens in the tradition of modern multi-volume fantasy epics of sweeping scope: With a prologue that is ancient history. Even this short introduction offers curiosity about the world revealed. But the real prize is in chapter one, when an assassin in white wields gravity-defying magic to break a treaty only hours old.    Before the reader can quite grasp the impact of this event, attention shifts to Kaladin, a warrior-turned-slave who is also the son of a surgeon. This impossible combination of roles results in no small amount of introspection for Kaladin, even as his circumstances become more and more dire.    The book also follows Shalan, a woman whose family teeters on the brink of bankruptcy, as she feigns scholarly interest in hopes of robbing her mentor, and Dalinar Kholin, brother and advisor to a dead king, whose new ideas about honor and leadership sour his relationships with other lords and even with his own family. His apparent seizures and claims of visions from the past further damage his reputation.    Though no quick preview can give justice to the scope and majesty of this book, the ending was truly satisfying in Sanderson fashion, with powerful revelations and memorable scenes. The climax contained some of the biggest sacrifices I have ever seen in fiction, craftily set up from the first page but not at all obvious until the moment of impact.    Unlike most multi-volume epics, The Way of Kings stands just fine on its own, with no need to read a sequel to come away satisfied. This was one of Sanderson's goals with the book. Also, to sate often-frustrated fans of fantasy, Sanderson keeps the book tightly focused on his main characters, dividing it into sections which tell you who you'll be reading about to stave off impatience for your favorites.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|I adore the Swedish film Let the Right One In and I was highly skeptical about the idea of an Americanized remake. The original was such a poetic, touching film I wondered how anyone could hope to improve on it. When it was announced that the director of Cloverfield was behind it and the title had been dumbed-down for American audiences (I realize that translations being what they are, the title may be appropriate, but you can't deny it sounds like a dumbed-down version of the original), I lost all faith in it until director Matt Reeves cast two of the most talented child actors working today. Whenever a film is remade, I watch it and judge it on its own merit. When reviewing a remake I don't like to compare it with the original, but I found it impossible to not break my own rule several times here.    The setting is Los Alamos, New Mexico, 1983. Owen (Kodi Smit-McPhee) is a 12-year-old boy, seemingly with no friends, frequently bullied at school, and with no supporting parent figure to come home to. One night, outside his apartment building, Owen meets a young girl named Abby (Chlo Moretz), who has just moved in next door with a mysterious man that Owen assumes is her father (Richard Jenkins). It's no spoiler to tell you that Abby is a vampire.    Character actor Elias Koteas plays a policeman, who is basically a composite character of several minor characters from the Swedish version. While it's not a shot-for-shot remake, Reeves sticks very close to the Swedish film. Since I've never read the book, I can't be sure that additional elements in this film are Reeves' own ideas or simply ideas taken from the book so I ask you to forgive me if I credit him with something that should be credited to the novelist John Ajvide Lindqvist.    So, what has changed? Obviously the setting has moved from Sweden to New Mexico. Some of have commented that since Reeves didn't differentiate from the look of the Swedish version this change was pointless. I'm not offended by it as itdoesn't change the story at all. The characters names have changed from Oskar and Eli to Owen and Abby. Once again, I find no quarrel here as their names aren't intact but their character is. Owen and Abby don't differ very much in character from their foreign counterparts and I like that Reeves didn't attempt to tweak with the characterization. Structurally, it's been altered too; the opening scene is changed, which seems to just be a way to capture the attention of an American audience quicker. Let Me In begins with a bang, while Let the Right One In draws you in as it progresses. The bullies portrayed here are much more loathsome, as they appeared more childlike is the Swedish version. Rather than show Owen's father as an alcoholic (do we need another alcoholic father in American movies?), Reeves largely removes his involvement and in a brilliant creative flourish chooses to illustrate Owen's disconnected relationship with his mother by obscuring her face whenever she's onscreen. The look of this film is a bit more monotonous, while scenes with the father (called Hkan in the original, but anonymous here) are played out with more suspense. There's an impressively shot car crash that, in context, I thought worked much better than the \\"entering the bathroom in defeat\\" scene from the original. In one moment where Owen simply finds a picture, Reeves adds a much deeper level to the relationship between the father and Abby.    Reeves does use a bit more CGI, but he doesn't overuse it. I think Reeves knew he couldn't make the scene where Abby meets a victim under a bridge any more poetic, so he attempted to make it, at least more, creepier. I did not approve of the decision to give Abby such a vampiric look when she feeds. The look was much more subtle and effective previously. Also, the pool scene was executed (no pun intended) much better in the original as it was simultaneously horrifying and darkly humorous. Here, it's just a dark scene (but not in the sense thatit's not well-lit). Despite these changes (and despite your feelings on these changes), Reeves doesn't keep the beauty and poetry of the original intact but brings his own poetic beauty to it, really proving his merit as a capable director.     Now let's talk about the acting, beginning with Richard Jenkins. This is a highly underrated character actor who has appeared in a lot of movies (including such cinematic fecal matter as Step Brothers, among other things), but he's rarely given a role that allows him to really shine. With hardly any additional screen-time than his foreign counterpart (actor Per Ragnar), Jenkins gives a much creepier, more effective, and ultimately more sympathetic performance. He brings new life to this character that simply wasn't present before. Beyond those two performances, I will not compare any others. McPhee does a convincing, identifiable interpretation of his character and gives a performance that is more emotionally mature than you'd expect from someone who is fourteen (at the time of this writing). Moretz is a revelation in what is arguably her most mature role yet. At thirteen (as of this writing), Moretz has racked up an impressive filmography and, as Abby, she demonstrates that she's an immensely talented actress, capable of conveying emotions way beyond her years. If acting is her passion and she sticks to it, I can see her making real waves in the film industry and being the recipient of many film awards as she gets older. I don't recall seeing a performance by a child actor that impressed me this much. While many will compare her performance with Lina Leandersson's, I encourage those people to look at Moretz at face-value. This is an actress of infinite talent.    Let Me In was released to theatres in October of 2010, only four months after the third film in the Twilight Saga became a box office phenomenon. Unlike that film, Let Me In underperformed at the box office. It's a tragedy that such emotionally retarded films like Twilight do phenomenal business at the box office but something this poignant makes no impact. I mention this because fans seem to flock to human-vampire romances, yet the lesser one makes 10x the money. Let Me In is a love story, but not in any traditional, straight-forward sort of way. This adolescent love story has no kissing, no physical intimacy, and no dreary, contrived romanticizing yet is more poignant, romantic, and sweeter than Twilight while simultaneously achieving more emotional resonance than that saga could ever hope for. The fact that Moretz and McPhee, at 13 and 14, bring more pathos to their \\"romance\\" than the entire adult cast of Twilight says a lot about the childish idiots that populate that movie.     It's a remake, yes but it's one of the best horror films and one of the best vampire films to come out of Hollywood in a while. Let Me In is an admirable film that would be much more respected if it wasn't a remake. Few remakes live up to the original film while almost rivaling it as successfully as Let Me In does. Those not familiar with the original Swedish film should seek it out, but whether you're a big fan of the original or were completely unaware of it's existence I think you'll be pleasantly surprised by this film.    GRADE: A-
B004E547D8|2.0|In this barebones edition, Summit decided to give us only lossy Dolby Digital, not DTS Master Audio,   which is on the 2 disc special edition. I ordered this movie because of the low price and when I received the movie today, I was upset about the inferior audio on this disc. If I knew about the difference in audio, I would not have purchased this movie and would have waited for the price to drop on the 2 disc special edition. I am writing this review to help warn other audiophiles about this stupid decision by Summit. The rental discs at Netflix and Blockbuster will also have the inferior audio. You have been warned!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I am not a \\"literary\\" type, just a mom who likes to read. Having had my Kindle for 2 years, I have never been glued to it like I was with this series. I read the trilogy in just under 2 weeks. I don't really want to \\"Gush\\" and raise expectations so that they aren't met when you read this yourself. Having said that, I really loved the story: love, action, loyalties, manipulation and so much more. I don't know about \\"maturing\\" characters and such, but I know I couldn't put it down. I will be reading these again one day!
B00436GNVC|4.0|On the first listen of this album, I was not really impressed. Duffy's vocals are not as soulful and expressive this time around. Also some of the songwriting seemed very contrived. However I kept it on my car stereo, and realized that most of the tracks on this CD were actually pretty likable (except for that \\"Keeping My Baby\\" song). Yes, it is very different from \\"Rockferry\\"; but its not bad when compared to the boring, unoriginal stuff pumped out by most young female vocalists today. Hey, at least Duffy doesn't hide her vocals behind an autotune program!  I appreciate Duffy's retro-pop kick, so the stand out tracks for me are \\"My Boy\\", \\"Endlessly\\", \\"Girl\\" and \\"Too Hurt To Dance\\". I feel that her vocals could have had a bit more 'oomph' on \\"Well, Well, Well\\", but that song is very catchy either way (good job Mr. Hammond).  Overall I appreciate Duffy's sophomore effort. It is a good addition to my menu of modern music (flavored a bit by some good old fashioned pop-soul; from an era when singers could actually sing). She may have alienated a lot of her fans who were big into \\"Rockferry\\", but I think that from an artistic standpoint, this is not an album that Duffy should be ashamed of. It's a change from her old formula, and she was able to pull it off while still leaving her own unique style there throughout. If I could, I would rate this album '3.5' stars; I think that is a bit more representative of my opinion.
B0045EJY90|5.0|I actually started out with the TEAC P1260. It was a nice CD player and worked great for many months. Although, after purchasing an amp and really nice headphones, I needed a CD player that offered a better built in DAC and a digital out jack for possible future upgrades. If not, then I would have to buy a standalone DAC AND a CD player with a digital output. Well lucky for me, turns out TEAC introduced this unit just in time, and I jumped on it as soon as I found out about it! Now, that it came a few days ago, I'll give my impressions so far and compare it to my previous P1260. The key features to this model over the previous, is it's much better built in DAC, digital output in rear for future DAC upgrades, and also the addition of a USB port for MP3 use.<br /><br />Five reasons I find the P650 superior to the P1260:<br /><br />1 - It has a really nice built in DAC. I'm not sure what the P1260 used, but the DAC in this actually has a name, so it must be important! Well actually, you can see the full description of it on their website, but it seems to be a BurrBrown type DAC. Already I can tell you this is a major step over the one in the P1260, but am unsure how it stacks up against actual standalone ones. Anyway, beyond the point. Whether you hook the CD player into an amp, or you simply plug in your MP3 player, you know you are getting good digital to analog conversion. After a few days of testing, I can definitely say I am hearing new things in my music I thought I haven't heard before. The sound seems more refined that before and the music just sounds better. And the cool thing is, when you plug in your MP3, it simply bypasses the MP3's DAC and uses the awesome one in the CD player instead. This makes your MP3 tunes sound better than ever.<br /><br />2 - It has a much more detailed screen. The screen on the P650 is very nice, in a way it will display the title of the artist and song as you go through your list. It can also go through folders too, so it's very easy to sift through hundreds if not thousands of songs in a breeze. You can name your folders or songs anything you want from the computer and they will display on the screen. Although, this feature is only available when using an MP3 player, but still a great one none the less. It also is a lot less bright and doesn't use a blue back lit screen like the P1260, so it doesn't light up half your room when listening at night. It simply has blue words and numbers and uses no back light. Other than that, I much prefer the screen of the P650 mainly due to no annoying back light.<br /><br />3 - It has a USB jack! Now, not only can you stick in any CD you want, but you can also hook up any MP3 player you want. Once connected, you can use the controller to sort through all your folders, all of which are named so it's easy to tell where you are throughout your collection. You can actually have an MP3 connected while a CD is in the tray and switch back and forth between CD and MP3 player if needs be, all the while your MP3 is charging. Yes, charging. It will charge your MP3 player whether you are listening to a CD or straight from the player. And I will admit, it's nice to be able to charge my MP3 player without using a computer! As said before, once connected, it will bypass your MP3's DAC and use the superior one in the CD player making all your music sound better.<br /><br />4 - It has better controller navigation. With the controller on the P650, you can navigate through all your folders and songs very easily. The controller on the P1260 is obviously still fine, but it is very basic due to being restricted to only playing from a CD, so title and folders are not displayed. On top of that, it has a very responsive fast forward and rewind button, which makes pinpointing your favorite part in a song a breeze. Button wise, I believe it has more buttons and features as well, but I'm not positive. As mentioned before, it's nice that you can whisk through all your folders very quickly and find the song you're looking for, despite having hundreds of songs, due to the screen displaying more information than the P1260.<br /><br />5 - It has a slimmer build and looks nicer. Nothing huge here, but the slimmed down body is definitely an extra plus. It's width and depth are about the same, but it has definitely been trimmed in height, making it easier to fit on certain shelves. The CD tray itself seems to be built of higher quality, and the entire operation of the CD player seems a bit more refined. Buttons are also smaller and operate a bit smoother as well. Overall, it's simply higher quality built than the P1260, all the while being smaller in size, and just simply looks like a really nice unit. It definitely looks like something costing twice the price. It's a very cool unit to have out on display due to it's sleek looks. I really have no complaints about the build, or anything at all really.<br /><br />Overall the P650 is an absolutely spectacular CD player, and I would recommend it to basically anyone. For someone looking for just a CD transport, this is it, and probably the cheapest one you'll find. Even if your are more of a portable MP3 user, you can still plug it straight into the USB and enjoy the benefits from it's excellent built in DAC. On top of that, it still can be used as just a standalone CD player. And thanks to it's digital out jack, it can also be connected to an external DAC for future upgrades. And to top it all off, it just looks and operates like a dream. Absolutely incredible for the price, and I simply couldn't ask for anything more. A great purchase for anyone that loves music and is looking for a budget desktop CD player. Way to go TEAC!<br /><br />--------------------<br /><br />9/2/11 EDIT REVIEW:<br /><br />This thing is really all I need.<br /><br />So my original review I posted was just a comparison to the Teac P1260. Pretty much, I raved about how much better this model was to that one, and left it at that. Butrecently I felt I needed to review the P650 for what it is, and not do it in a comparison format. Hopefully, this version of my review ends up a bit more helpful for those are skeptical to buy a cheaper brand cd player and also for those wanting to know more about the unit. But by the end of the review, I think you'll have whatever negative perceptions you have slightly altered.<br /><br />Okay, so it's a cd player. That much is confirmed and obvious. You stick your cd in, and are able to listen to it via headphones from its  inch jack, or use its outputs for external speakers. Either way, you are getting music from an audio cd, which means there is no audio compression which you normally get from most music files on mp3's, iPod's, or computers. Using a bit higher end headphones will reveal the benefits of uncompressed music. But this much you already knew, right? It is a cd player after all.<br /><br />But what else can it do? One of the biggest and nicest improvements it has over the P1260 and many cd players on the market is its usb port located on the front panel. This is one of the handiest features in my opinion, and I use it all the time. This enables you to connect your mp3 or iPod via usb cable, and listen to it through the P650 itself. What's the benefit to this? Well, you are able to use the BurrBrown dac that's built into the P650 for superior digital to analog conversion over your portable device. This means, all your music will sound better through the P650 as opposed to your mp3 or iPod.  Browsing through your music files is a breeze, and it will display all your folders and songs on the P650's screen. Using the remote, you can zoom through all your music, and select whatever song you want quick quickly. Plus, it actually charges your mp3 at the same time. Well, it charges mine anyway. A nifty little feature if you ask me.<br /><br />Alright, moving on to its outputs and flexibility. You've got a digital out and standard av outputs on the back sideof the P650. Obviously, you'll use the av outputs to connect to either speakers or an external amp. With the digital out, you can connect it to an external dac and bypass the internal one of the P650 for future upgrades. So basically, you can use the P650 as a cd transformer if you've got your own amp and DAC. I can almost guarantee you this is the cheapest CD transformer on the market, so if you only plan on using this to simply play the cd while your external amp and dac takes care of the rest; this is a great piece of equipment to have in your arsenal.<br /><br />And sound? First off, let me say this is able to drive pretty much every headphone you could throw at it. Even with my 300ohm HD650, I was able to achieve a very loud volume at around the 10:00 position on the dial. They drove my Q701 very good too, and again, with plenty of volume. Noted, this is all if you use the unit by itself, without an external amp and such. But how about sound quality? So, I was able to hook up the MKIII and EF5 via the av outputs and test many high end headphone in the past. Let's just say, I lost my faith in amps. Plugging into those amps versus straight into the P650, I was hard pressed finding any major difference. Could it be the dac? Well, I was about to find out. I soon used the HeadRoom Micro dac and Micro amp combo with the P650, and fully bypassed all of its internals. And guess what? Using my HD650, I wasn't able to pin point a single difference between using the Micro combo, and running them straight off the P650 headphone jack. No really, I'm serious. How fast do you think I sent that combo back? So, if you are worried about the sound quality of the unit, then take my word that it will be perfectly fine for most people, including myself. For that little handful of elitists that can never be satisfied with anything, feel free to bypass all of its internals and hook it up to thousand dollar amps and dacs.<br /><br />Wrapping this one up, I'll say what I said at the beginning. This thing is really all I need. Unless I'm going portable, I'm hooking up all my reference headphones up to this device and don't plan on buying another amp in the future. I've tested a large amount of headphones through this unit, yet it didn't hit me on how good it was until my recent experiences with the Micro combo and the HD650. I honestly think this unit is a fabulous deal, and is fantastic audio investment for new comers as well as seasoned audiophiles.<br /><br />--------------------<br /><br />4/16/12 EDIT REVIEW:<br /><br />I really felt I should elaborate yet once again on this review, more specifically, regarding the P650 and P1260. I've noticed the P650 has dropped to $150 since I had bought it, and the P1260 is currently priced 50% cheaper at $100. But, I really would like to emphasize why the P1260 should NOT be bought over this even if budget is an issue. Basically with this edit, I would like to talk more specifically about the meat of the CD players, aka the sound quality. On my original review, I gave five reasons to buy it over the P1260, but now I want to introduce the \\"6th\\" reason, and go into much more specifics. I'm sure the biggest reason one would buy this over it's predecessor is an expected increase in sound quality, and I aim to verify that assumption.<br /><br />So, recently buying the Q701 and an assortment of equipment, I'm forced to use the P650 until my goods arrive. Thus, I didn't want to pass up the opportunity to do some actual head-to-head against the P1260. And of course with my recent realizations of current prices, I could see some potential buyers contemplating the cheaper P1260 instead. So with further ado, let's get to it!<br /><br />Let's put it this way. I would suggest, recommend, and advise you to go for the P650 over the P1260. Personally, I would do it for sound alone, but of course there are other reasons for the upgrade (as mentioned in original review). First, I'd like to mention it's ability to drive theQ701. But even before that, I'd like to mention that the Q701's are harder to drive than the DT880 600ohm. I've got both side-by-side, and the Q701 requires a small increase in the volume nob to maintain at the DT880's level. That said, he's the results of the two players driving the Q701:<br /><br />Player + Headphone = \\"Time\\" on volume knob = Amount of volume used.<br />P650 + Q701 = 9:00 (no volume being 7:00) = 20% total volume.<br />P1260 + Q701 = 12:00 (max volume being 5:00) = 50% total volume.<br /><br />Sound quality wise, this is where the P1260 simply cannot match in performance. Switching from the P1260 to the P650 is quite stark. First, you have to decrease volume by a significant amount. But after that simple task, you ears are treated to a very nice and welcomed improvement. The midrange really pops with the Q701 on the P650 compared to the relatively dull P1260. Instrument separation is very noticeably enhanced as well. The music sounds genuinely more \\"fleshed out\\" on the P650, while the P1260 sounds like it's not giving you everything. Overall the P1260 sounds more flat and constrained compared directly to the P650, which simply sounds more detailed, sophisticated, and enjoyable across the board. An easy trade for an extra $50.<br /><br />Oh, and one last thing for the audiophiles. I've been testing the P650 with the Q701, and it sounds nearly identical to the Matrix M-Stage USB.
0812973992|4.0|There are certainly a great number of reviewers who thought very highly of this book.  There are also some reviewers who were bored to death. Whereas I didn't think this was a fantastic book, I also didn't think it was terrible. It gets 4 stars in my opinion, good but not great. The book is a bit too long, just a bit too overwritten, almost to the point of being tedious in some of the chapters.   There are many themes and relationships which tie the book together but the primary events are when Philippe Petit walked a tightrope between the twin towers of the World Trade Center in 1974 and when a tragic car wreck changes the lives of every character in the story. The high-wore event is seen by thousands of people and their reactions to the event as well as to each other make up much of the book. However, it is actually the car wreck and the relationships of all kinds that pull the book together emotionally. It seems to follow the philosophy of nine degrees of separation between everyone on earth.   The Roman Catholic Irish monk, Corrigan, is a primary character, which seems like a modern day St. Francis. Yet he falls in love with a Guatemalan widow and political refugee with children. His brother Ciaran is his voice of reality. Tillie and Jazzlyn are a mother and daughter prostitute team and it is Tillie's relentless verbal hostility to the world that was the most tedious aspect of the book. Claire and Solomon are a wealthy couple who have lost a son in Vietnam. Gloria, a black woman, has lost several sons but her acts of redemption bring the story to closure.   Colum McCann is a good storyteller and the interconnected chapters, each almost like a short story, filled in all the details and put all the puzzle pieces together in the end so that the book offers closure. Closure is good for some readers. For me, I like a bit more depth of character.
0440245931|1.0|Loved THE FIRM. I gave it 5 stars. But then I read his next book THE PELICAN BRIEF and found it to be a flop. I gave it one star.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|This is the best movie I have seen in a long time. It is good for all ages.  It makes you feel good and you find yourself cheering the horse to win and you already know that he wins at anything he tries.
B0021L8V0M|5.0|Angelina Jolie shows her exceptional acting intelligence and skills in this SPY film.  Definitely worth having a screening party with the best oh'deuvres and drinks......
B004G600A4|5.0|Without female companionship, it's hard to go see Tangled and still maintain an air of manliness and virility. So, abandoning all hope of preserving that faade, I decided to go all the way to the deep end of the lame pool and see it with my parents. And for once, the dearth of self-confidence that inspired me to long ago stop vying for success with the fairer sex paid off, because when the dust settled and the credits rolled, there was only one fact left standing, and it towered above all other thoughts and insecurities: Tangled was AWESOME!<br /><br />What a cast of characters! Zachary Levi, or Chuck from Chuck (for those of you who watch my favorite television show), is perfectly charming as Flynn Rider, the shallow and selfish thief whose good looks are rivaled only by Narcissus. Immediately likeable despite his negative qualities, Flynn Rider's journey toward empathy is one which is quickly obvious, and yet it is so flawlessly executed that I found his transformation transfixing at every turn.<br /><br />As for Rapunzel (Mandy Moore), well, I was pretty much in love with her the moment I saw her. The epitome of innocence, Rapunzel is a drop of sunshine in the darkness. Her unadulterated joy is contagious, infecting even the most jaded and cynical. It was a pleasure to see how people changed when touched by such a fair creature, whether it be a group of thugs singing about their dreams or innumerable citizens breaking out into dance in the streets. Again, Rapunzel's character arc was rather obvious: from an obedient girl afraid of the world to a real person living her life. And again, it didn't matter, because that arc was artfully crafted.<br /><br />Mother Gothel (Donna Murphy) is an understandable villain. I mean, Rapunzel's magic hair gives her eternal youth. If that's not a good reason for keeping your daughter in a tower, I don't know what is. The two characters of a different genus deserve quite a bit of recognition themselves. Pascal the chameleon makes for an excellent sidekick to Rapunzel. He's just about the cutest thing ever (right behind How to Train Your Dragon's Toothless), and his indignant looks are a great counterpoint to Rapunzel's innocent absurdity. Even Maximus, the head guard's horse, is an amazing character with a story of his own. He tracks Flynn Rider with brutal determination, but as per usual, ends up joining the team.<br /><br />Honestly, this movie has the perfect setup. You see, Flynn Rider is a character you can really get behind. Sure, he doesn't care about other people, but his charm makes him unarguably, well, charming. Oh, and Rapunzel is a character you can really get behind. The opposite of Flynn, she is trusting and cares deeply for everyone, and yet she has much to learn about the world. We love both characters from the beginning, and the traits that make each of them so great directly reflect the other's flaws, so when fate brings them together, we get to watch an incredible relationship blossom.<br /><br />Plus, there were a couple of little lines that broke the fourth wall in an amusing way. At one point, Flynn Rider calls Pascal a frog. Rapunzel, offended, points out that it's a chameleon, to which Flynn responds \\"Nuance.\\" Bringing up the clich&eacute; of a princess and a frog is especially amusing, since Disney's last animated film was titled The Princess and the Frog. Also, like I said, Mother Gothel isn't particularly villainous during the film, just a bit attached to the idea of immortality. Now, when she argues with Rapunzel, she always complains that Rapunzel is \\"making her the bad guy.\\" Well, I really wanted her to be the bad guy so I could cheer when she got her comeuppance, and then finally, much to my delight, she snaps, saying \\"You want me to be the bad guy? Fine. Now I'm the bad guy.\\" To her, she was harkening back to those old arguments, but to me, she was talking directly to the audience, letting us know that it was ok to root against her.<br /><br />If I had one complaint, and I do, it would be that the songs didn't quite live up to my expectations. They were still excellent, but they were a bit more ponderous than some Disney tunes. With the exception of \\"I've Got a Dream,\\" they were slow, character-heavy numbers that, while still of a high quality, lacked the pizzazz that got the Aladdin soundtrack stuck so firmly in my head.<br /><br />But the songs certainly didn't detract from the experience. The dialogue was sharp, the animation was beyond beautiful, and the movie was both touching and hilarious. And as an added bonus, there was a lot of great insight into human nature. I cared for those characters, and the film was able to jerk my emotions around however it wanted. My sides hurt from laughing, my eyes ached from tears. Flynn's charm and Rapunzel's joy didn't just affect the other characters; they reached right out of that screen and touched me too, and because of that, I give Tangled:<br /><br />5/5 Stars<br /><br />The only truly sad thing about this movie was that Rapunzel ended up becoming a brunette. Oh, the humanity!<br /><br />Check out thenickelscreen on wordpress for more reviews!quite live up to my expectations. They were still excellent, but they were a bit more ponderous than some Disney tunes. With the exception of \\"I've Got a Dream,\\" they were slow, character-heavy numbers that, while still of a high quality, lacked the pizzazz that got the Aladdin soundtrack stuck so firmly in my head.    But the songs certainly didn't detract from the experience. The dialogue was sharp, the animation was beyond beautiful, and the movie was both touching and hilarious. And as an added bonus, there was a lot of great insight into human nature. I cared for those characters, and the film was able to jerk my emotions around however it wanted. My sides hurt from laughing, my eyes ached from tears. Flynn's charm and Rapunzel's joy didn't just affect the other characters; they reached right out of that screen and touched me too, and because of that, I give Tangled:    5/5 Stars    The only truly sad thing about this movie was that Rapunzel ended up becoming a brunette. Oh, the humanity!    Check out thenickelscreen on wordpress for more reviews!
B0002ZYE1Y|5.0|Although I feel this album is slightly influenced by the commercial success of evanescence (who opened the door for a lot of similar type bands) this record is still a classic and sounds so original and exciting even 6 years later. I just can't think of an album since then that sounds as good as this, it has it all; the hits songs in Nemo and Wish I had a angel, the epic symphonic metal masterpiece Ghost Love Score and finnish influenced Creek Marys Blood and Kuolema Kekee Taiteillijan
0061726826|5.0|[...]<br /><br />Lena Holway is not your typical lead character. She is quiet, subdued, and obedient (not a rule-breaker like her best friend Hana). You would think that the story would be about the rebel, the one trying to fight the system, but instead there is little Lena who gets nervous attending co-ed parties. That is the point I guess, the amazing power of love. It didn't necessarily change her, but made her stronger, willful, and confident. Whereas Hana cowered in fear at the thought of life without the government's control.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this book. I know many people will be comparing it to Matched, which is a great book in its own right. I think the story of love and human passion is greater in Delirium. With Matched, everyone sat back and watched while the government told them what to do. While in the world of delirium, you just felt bad for the people who lost the excitement and passion in life and became robots, devoid of love and humanity.<br /><br />I loved the way Oliver added verses and scripture from faux law book and religious text in the beginning of every chapter, it really shows the reader the type of world these characters are living in and the logic of their fear of love. When they took love out of the world, I don't think they ever realized that there is more than one type of love. There is love for your family, friends, your pet, even compassion for others and their hardship. It turns the world insensitive and cold.<br /><br />  \\"Hate isn't the most dangerous thing, He'd said. Indifference is.\\"<br /><br />I think this book has a powerful message, and it doesn't hurt that it has a beautiful love story as well. I am anxiously waiting for the second book as the ending of this one left my breathless.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|The lead actor in this movie was dying when he made this film.  The nuances of sadness, regret, and compassion that flash across his face are remarkable.   The theme of this movie is change.  Keep that in mind when you watch it, because it's about the change of a country and the change of one human being.  One of the best movies I've ever seen, and THE BEST last line of any movie of any time.
B001TH16DS|5.0|I have just received Star Trek The Original Series Seasons 1 and 3.Season 2 Tomorrow I think, But from what I've seen, no other company has done what this has done. It's well worth the price. I discovered this when I didn't have cable and Fox was showing it in fuzzyness. I really didn't know at the time it was a completely different and better show though. I will never have to search for it. If you like the original either get the DVD or Blu-Ray. Depends on your preference and if you have a Blu-Ray player. I do prefer the Blu-Rays cases. They just look like they fit better in a DVD/Blu-Ray collection. Also you might not like the sound if you don't have DTS. but that's not why I bought it anyway. I have Dolby Digital. But I'm fine with the sound
B002QGUFWE|1.0|Don't be duped by the \\"Deluxe\\" in the title. This version uses the word \\"bit\\" instead of \\"bitc**\\". I was astonished when I heard it. I want my money back!!!!
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I have fallen more and more in love with Mumford & Sons since I first heard of them in Australia about a year ago. So happy to see them getting bigger in the U.S.! I'm finally getting the chance to see them live at Wakarusa Music Festival in June 2011 :D
B003Y8YXFS|5.0|A great album, but not simply for the oft-discussed title song and the scathing \\"How Do You Sleep?\\" Among the treasures in John Lennon's \\"Imagine\\" (1971) are the bluesy \\"It's So Hard,\\" the country-influenced \\"Crippled Inside\\" and the inexplicably underrated \\"I Don't Wanna Be a Soldier\\" - six minutes of studio mastery. George Harrison's distinctive guitar work can be heard on five of the 10 memorable tracks. \\"Imagine\\" represents Lennon at his absolute best.
B002Q8Z8KG|5.0|In a world of really bad TV shows, Modern Family has come through as one of the best my family has seen in quite a long time.  It seems in today's TV show world we are bombarded with ridiculous reality shows and sitcoms that have no redeeming value.  This show has everything we could ask for in quality family entertainment.  We missed the first season and bought it from Amazon's video on demand.
B002VECM6S|5.0|\\"The Blindslide\\" arrived in perfect condition and in a timely manner.  It is a inspirational story about love and commitment.  Would recommend it to anyone wanting a feel good movie.
B004EJ14V2|5.0|\\"Easy A\\" surprised me, it was much better than I expected.  Yes, the plot is off the wall, and the movie can be sarcatic and irreverent, but it is extremely funny too.  I'm sure I'll enjoy watching it again sometime.      The main character is more mature than most of the people around her and she is very likable.  Her big \\"flaw\\" is that she helps others in a good way and it always comes back to bite her in a bad way.      If you enjoyed the series \\"Dead Like Me\\" you'll like this movie \\"Easy A\\" too.
0399156577|1.0|This is the only Nora Roberts book that I quit reading. I was bored to tears. As a dog lover, I assumed I would really get into this  book, but page after page of reading about dog training finally wore me down. When I got to the part where a trip was planned with Fiona's stepmother and her friend, I thought oh it is getting better. Few pages later, back to the dog training. If Nora Roberts keeps writing this way, I would say her talent has gone to the dogs.
1592242863|2.0|The book itself isn't going to change- this isn't a review of the contents, but of how they are presented in this book.  Since it is a 'facsimile' of the first edition (written in bold yellow on the spine) it is the same- page numbers, language, everything.  What I found immediately odd was that the text is centered into a small portion, there is at least an inch all the way around of blank paper.  Leading me to the conclusion that the book could be of smaller dimension.  Also the binding seems to be too tight (this may just be my copy).  The book doesn't lay flat, it opens up toward the outside, as if it needs more space.  It kind of looks like a well worn paperback, but this is a hardcover.  Also, because of the tightness, it's hard to read.  The book always wants to close on me, quite a lot of pressure is needed to keep it open.  I bought a different book and will be donating this copy.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|I've upgraded from my E8400 to this CPU. Even when not overclocked, 2600K outperforms my E8400 exactly 3 times in video processing and rendering. Considering what I've paid for E8400 several years ago, difference in speed is just excellent.
1444710338|5.0|This book is for now not available to North America. Why????   You don't have to buy food associated with diet. You just be smart consumer, buyer and cook inside your own kitchen.
030746363X|5.0|Ferriss' book provide a comprehensive overview of the little things that can be done to improve your health.  It's full of practical tips to help you lead a healthy life and while some of the ideas might be over-the-top all are worth consideration at the very least.
B002RV01QI|3.0|Listen to the sample tracks first before buying CDs. I don't understand how people get confused and disappointed with it since this option is readily available. I especially liked tracks #3, 8, & 14, unlike most Enya fans who tend to favor the peaceful songs. However, they are perfect for yoga.
006135323X|4.0|Dan Ariely  Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces that Shape our Decisions    Author   Why does one person choose this? What makes people act the way they do? Well Dan Ariely is the guy you want to talk to about this. Dan Ariely, the author of Predictably Irrational has a good grasp on human behavior and what makes us act rationally; well what we think is rational. As many times as we have facts right in front of us telling us to choose this or choose that, we often choose the opposite. Sometimes we don't know we make such irrational decisions, however, Ariely is very passionate about showing us how often we make them. After reading the book and discussing it with others, it was interesting to see that everyone could recollect a time where they experienced one of the experiments or studies Ariely wrote about in Predictably Irrational.    Dan Ariely does a lot of his studies with his students at MIT. Even though some of his experiments are limited and not fully done in the real world, they are very good and bring a sense of how irrational we behave without even knowing it.     Summary   The title can basically sum up the whole book. Through many experiments and studies, Predictably Irrational tackles different but practical obstacles that we as consumers see in our everyday life. Whether it is waiting in line for something free for hours or wondering why we can't make ourselves do what we want to do; Dan Ariely in Predictably Irrational teaches us how to be aware of these items.    There are several chapters that make Predictably Irrational a book worth reading. As consumers we are very vulnerable to the little points that point us toward a direction which has more to do with how we are wired psychologically rather than making a logical choice. Many of Ariely's experiments are predictable and can be determined beforehand. However, in chapter 1 he talks about the majority of people driving 15 minutes to save $7 on a $25 pen, and how not many people would drive 15minutes to save $7 on a $455 suit. Many people don't realize, also speaking for myself, that the amount saved and time involved are the same, however, depending on the price, people make different choices. In all honesty, it just goes back to relative thinking.    When items are free, we are all over them, and would almost do anything to get whatever it is. Although in most cases, what we are getting for free isn't logical. Ariely points out in chapter 3 that FREE make us think that what is being offered for free is way more valuable than it really is. He does with candy, showing that when offered a piece of candy; one is more likely to take the better tasting one, even though it may be more expensive. However, when the less tasty one is free, more people choose free, even though they are loosing out on taste.   We are all told that we could save so much money if we bought the store brand rather than the more expensive brand; most of us know this as the placebo effect. Well Ariely puts it to the test in one of his experiments. According to his findings, price has an impact on efficacy. One of the studies he did, when he gave medicine to a patient and told them that the drug cost $2.50 per dose, nearly all of the subjects reported pain relief. However, when told that the drug cost $0.10 per dose, only half of the subjects reported pain relief. Sometimes it is silly to think that we associate price with how much better something is.  Another strong, but interesting point Ariely makes is fact of honesty. Ever wonder why we are dishonest, well, according to Ariely, when cheating is made possible, the possible risk of getting caught was not a factor anymore. However, Ariely noticed that even when given the opportunity to cheat, we were smart about it, and did not become \\"wildly dishonest.\\"   In the end, anyone who reads this book will more than not, come back to it and remember what they read. Maybe not even realizing it, how we think about certain situations, how we handle them, and what we will do in the future to prevent them will be forever changed.    What was done well   Ariely breaks it down into everyday life. His studies show how we save more money, procrastinate less, recognize advertising, and ultimately understand how irrational our minds are. Most people are curious about why they do certain things or act certain ways that have little or no logic to them. Sometimes we don't even recognize it, and this is what you will find out by reading this book. Dan Ariely points out in his book, it doesn't matter who we are, what status we have, if we graduated from college, we are all vulnerable to this kind of irrational behavior. Ariely has not just given his readers useful information, he has given us examples and studies to help show us and paint a picture for us to help us better understand irrational behavior. After reading the book, I feel like I am more prepared to notice my irrational behavior. It will be interesting to see what the first irrational behavior I notice or catch myself doing.     What was done poorly   As for most of the book, I really enjoyed, however one of the chapters in the book discusses how people act differently and make more irrational decisions when they are aroused. Most people know that a 20 year old, if aroused sexually, in that moment doesn't think as clearly compared to if they were in a normal state. So his chapter on \\"why is hot much hotter than we realize\\" is just a waste of space in the book. If people don't know that most sexually aroused people, no matter the age, think differently, then get out of the house and look at the real world.
B003ZJ0ZX0|4.0|Great CD.  There are only 2 of 10 songs on here that I skip over.  Wish there were more than 10 songs, amazing album.
B004BLTNJI|5.0|The 3D is one of the best I've seen so far. I wouldn't recommend this movie for young children, a little too intense. It's definitely PG with a good storyline.
B001E45XT4|3.0|I already owned the 355's and really liked them so I thought I'd get a larger version of the same phones. These are nowhere near the same. The 355's are superior in both microphone and head set audio quality. These are thin harsh and weak sounding in playback and the mic, if it sounds like the 355, you can't tell unless you listen back with better phones. Very disappointed in this purchase. They are however, well made.
B0007TKNL0|5.0|I learned so much by ordering the Two-Disc Special Edition of the Phantom of the Opera, how the movie was made, plus all the glamorous history of the beginning in 1986 as a London Stage play. The original cast and so many things about the actors in this excellent operetta. The music is fantastic even if you aren't an opera fan, try it you will love it if you are a romantic at heart.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Would Jane Austen approve of this use of her book?  Ask a silly question.  In the protracted pre-dawn of the audio-visual age that we call the nineteenth century, literature, as in our day, could be conceived as a means of making people think, but never could it guarantee where thoughts might wander.  The whole idea was to set thoughts in motion, to stir the imagination into creating self-styled images that reflected the author's words as readers experienced them.  A do-it-yourself motion picture.      I think that Jane Austen would find our reflections every bit as entertaining as her own.  As ever, the character of human nature is timeless, much as we delight   in exploring the nature of her characters, and have done for generations, beyond anything that she could have anticipated.      I am impressed with this film at all levels.  The cinematography is outstanding, and beautifully understated, as is the acting.  Historically, it is as true to the period as anything I've seen.  It's also a product of its own time, and the pace runs accordingly.  Parts of the original book are suggested more than played out   on screen.  Still, there is something to be said for brevity in telling a story, especially if it's a good one.
B003YWUTKM|2.0|Having enjoyed both the music of the Orb and especially Dave Gilmour/Floyd in the past, I was excited to hear of this pairing of talents, and brought the CD unheard on the strength of its performers.    I must say, I was disappointed.  I imagined this to be so much better than it turned out to be for me.  On a positive, it is a great production and will give a high end stereo system or quality headphones a good workout.     But ... the music is lackluster and meandering.  I would have played this disc about 5 times now.  I *want* to like it ... but I don't.  It's not that it's outrightly terrible or cheesy ... it's just ... forgettable.  I always have a bunch of new discs competing for playtime, and I'm not inspired to put this on for enjoyment.  More like, \\"OK, I'll give it another go and see if it grows on me.\\"    Stylistically I hear much more Orb than Gilmour (fair enough - it's an Orb album) but the guitar seems added as an afterthought.  The song about looking after the planet sounds contrived and annoys me.  The music isn't gentle or inviting to my ears either.  I find it harsh and industrial, with an almost unending techno bass pulse that I found myself just wishing would stop.    So, I will give this disc another few spins to see if I can find anything deeper in it, but it is likely that I'll trade it in or sell it to a second hand shop. How disappointing - this could have been a really interesting artistic match but for me.  Instead I find it a long, uninspiring, and flat album that seems a chore to listen to.
B002VECM6S|5.0|The Blind Side is a movie that no one should miss. I don't buy many movies now due to Netflix movies but this is one that is great to watch over & over.     Sandra Bullock played a great role and it's an inspiration to watch since it's based on a true story.
0142000671|3.0|THIS BOOK WAS A CLASSIC, YOU DON'T HAVE TO WRITE A REALLY LONG BOOK TO MAKE A GOOD BOOK THAT STICKS AROUND.  THE BOOK IS RIVETING AND SHOWS CHARACTER AND PLOT, ABOUT A MAN WHO IS POOR AND HAS COMMITTED A CRIME BUT THERE IS A QUESTION ON WHETHER OR NOT HE SHOULD BE HELD RESPNSIBLE BECAUSE HE IS A HALF-WIT AND ALSO HAS BEEN POOR AND MISTREATED DURING THE GREAT DEPRESSION
0670021652|4.0|I have seen some negative reviews on this book. I do like it. I specially like how you can feel Gilbert on its pages. It is not the transformational tale of Eat Pray Love because this book is about the person that came out of that transformation. She is human, she is funny and she is very, very american. It was commented on the blog womenventing.com, and I found the reference really funny.
0061726826|4.0|I haven't read Lauren Oliver's first book, but now I want to. Her writing and ability to convey emotion is wonderful. A story set into the future, with snippets of the books that they are reading, the lyrics to children's nursery rhymes that they would be singing, it all helps to complete the world they are living in.<br /><br />It's easy to get pulled into this world and to see things from their point of view. The explanation and support for love being seen as a disease is thorough and completely justified and makes me wonder why we haven't seen it this way before. She provides a list of symptoms and problems that are caused by the disease of love and the characters talk about it in the same way, which is startlingly obvious once it's shown to you.<br /><br />The characters are complete and realistic, the description of locations and ideas are as well. A great read for anyone who likes futuristic readings, without all of the sci-fi.
B003F1WM2K|4.0|Who knew that Patti Smith had been and done so many things? The name dropping was almost too much. But, the stories are fascinating and I found myself rushing home to spend the second evening reading.
B0007KVAVG|5.0|Great comeback cd with all the original members of the band. Not their best work but still pretty good for a reunion. Neat and interesting to hear them at a different stage of their lives and careers. Still awesome music and lyrics and band. Not bad.
0553505416|5.0|Lee Child keeps things interesting. A good plot made believable and excellent characterization. He can get long winded on occassion but not enough to distract from the action.
B000EHRVP6|5.0|WHOA this movie was real time attentive & if you like this one,The 2nd one you will like as well.This is a human blood bath & i sure hope there are no hostils like the ones in here{IF SO}im sleeping in my car...<br />W/o giving it away its about a group of so called elite club members who get to butcher up ppls that have been tricked or kidnapped & whoa be unto the misery of being the victim in this movie~Very scary not hookie VERY GOOD STORY LINE that lends into hostil#2<br />If you want to watch a horror flick this is by far one is one to see~Hit pause if you leave the room dont miss a minute of it as its very good in a very bad way!i also recomend following up w/hostil 2!
B003ZTQN1I|4.0|The original has 13 tracks; most of which are top notch. However, if you anticipate all of the Garrett Hedlund and Leighton Meester performances you will have to buy a second CD..\\"Country Strong... More Music from the Movie\\".
0060987464|5.0|i rather enjoyed & could relate to MM in this book as he spoke of growing up around certain oddities that are not of the norm~When i hear people hate on him & call him names.<br />Im a fan of his music~I simply tell people~Try reading his book the crap he went thru,Even when he made his own WILD choices it made him a beautiful person.Its a wonder he isnt what people think they know of him.As he had to step in S**T more times than he wanted~But hes a kool dude.<br />His talent i belive is from the diversity of what hes seen in life.That really when you go thru crap like his/mine & many others out in this world.While some people can only point fingers and call names~The rest of us \\"GET IT\\" Becuz we had NO CHOICE!But this can be a good thing as it leads to a gift of an open mind set.<br />As an artist this makes him one hell of a musician other wise seen as a shock rocker.Each generation has one that stands out.<br /><br />I dont think he set out to be intimidating OR weird as most say about him,Hes as regular as any one else~Probably more so becuase he is a survivor of filth & when you grow up hard you learn from it.<br />It shows in his music loud & clear as he sees beyond what average unnormal people can see.I saw this as i grew up worse than he did.<br />I like he had my wild years and now that im older i can see like him.Beyond what others can see.As most people that had the good fortune of a loving home & had a childhood of structure & love.These are the narrow minds that cant see outside the box.<br />This is why i tell people if you want to know about him READ HIS BOOK!!!Before you spit a forked tongue at him!<br />This was my 1st read of his & its a keeper.<br />Its a shame in the region of america i live in.He is banned from playing because he is stereo typed by such small minds.Cheating the unsung fans of his music & art.The book gave me a look into what others dont know.<br />MM is brilliant & talented his life story is beyond fascinating as he was lead to dirty waters...BUT DID NOT DROWN in divesified BS he had to walk around or reinvent CLARITY which lends to his intelligence of what others do not grasp.ed BS he had to walk around or reinvent CLARITY which lends to his intelligence of what others do not grasp.
030745455X|2.0|I'd be embarrassed if I were a Swede. The story presents the intellectual, top class as casual fornicators, adulters, and lesbians in a quite favorable light.  Then plenty of violence and some sick sexual perversion mixed in. The bad guys are foreigners who bring prostitution into Sweden via foreign girls forced into the business (no Swedish girls in that dirty business) and the heroes are those who will expose those who are customers of those unfortunate girls, men of a low character, unlike the normal upper stratum sexually liberated folks on the good guys team. Yech! What gets the book two stars is the clever, snappy writing and short chapters, in spite of the deus ex machina items in the plot (e.g.,the heroine having unlimited funds which she stole from another perpetrator of evil.) A page turner - yes.<br /><br />I wonder who is reaping the bonanza from the success of Stieg Larsson's books?
B003OF3R0S|5.0|I saw this band perform this CD on the nightmare tour & if you are an AX7 fan every song on this CD is as good as all the ones before this one~More to come this band aint goint any where no time soon~
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I became aware that the video purchased had not arrived for my cousin's birthday. I notified the seller and she/he responded quickly by trying to track the package. When tracking was not available, she/he quickly sent out a duplicate which arrived on time and made the day so special.  I appreciate her/his quick solution to solve this problem.    I would do business with this vendor anytime.    Thank you,    Darcy Masters
B002ZG9968|5.0|I just watched this movie, I love Jennifer Lopez movies. I thought it was romantic and funny. And Alex O Laughlin, I could watch him for hours.
B0021L8V0M|5.0|was a christmas present. It came before Christmas even though they thought it was going to come after. They liked the movie.
B003L20ICE|3.0|I know I'm not the only one who is thinking this, but this movie has been seriously overrated by the critics. Don't get me wrong. The movie was entertaining and it kept my attention. I'm just not convinced that its the ground breaking movie that the critics have been trying to make it out to be.<br /><br />I've seen this type of movie many times before. A happy family is living the good life. The \\"parents\\", although different in personality and ambition, are a functional and happily married couple. They have two really good kids who seem to be happy. The wrinkle(there is always a wrinkle) is that the two children are byproducts of artificial insemination.  Yes, their parents are two gay women. Twenty years ago, a movie such as this may have been a seminal movie that was capable of inciting vigorous debate about a controversial social issue, like the criticism of Murphy Brown did in the 80's after Dan Quayle criticized her show because it focused on single motherhood. The problem with this movie is that its general plot is not all that new. This type of movie has been done before, and it has been done a lot better. Maybe the circumstances of the characters have changed, but the alternative circumstances of characters did not add to the originality of the film.<br /><br />The principle players in the film are all proficient in their roles; however, I cannot honestly say that anyone really stood out in this film. And yet Mark Ruffalo and Annette Benning receive Oscar nominations for their performances. They have both been in movies in which they have performed better. Julianne Moore is good, but she hardly stood out. And the kids were the kids. Perfectly serviceable, but again not great. So I fail to see what is so good about this movie.<br /><br />Also, I would think that if you were a gay woman you might be somewhat offended by this film. Julianne Moore is in a committed relationship with another woman for years, and then all of sudden a male paramour suddenly enters  her life and she forgets that she is a lesbian and starts to have sex with the male. This was an unbelievable plot twist.<br /><br />So, see the movie on Blue Ray or DVD if you want to. Like I've  said before you won't be bored. Just don't expect to have your mind blown.ets that she is a lesbian and starts to have sex with the male. This was an unbelievable plot twist.     So, see the movie on Blue Ray or DVD if you want to. Like I've  said before you won't be bored. Just don't expect to have your mind blown.
B002N5N5R0|4.0|bought it as a present. was expensive. i don't like the show but family is obsessed with it. came quickly in the mail and in great condition.
B003V4AK8E|5.0|I love the 360 controller and when I got a PS3 I didn't mind the controller at all  but I wanted something like the 360.  I tried the afterglow controller which seemed kinda cheap and sometimes I would have to push a button twice to get it to do what I wanted.  Then I saw this controller and figured I would give it a shot.  I have the wired version of it and I love this controller.  It is almost identical to the 360 controller.  If you want the 360 controller for PS3 then buy this one.  There is a guy that hacked the 360 controller and turned it into a PS3 controller, you can look at that one, but this is well worth the money.  The only thing that I don't like about this controller is the d pad.  So, if you want a 360 controller for the PS3 then this is it, you will be more than happy, I have recommended this to friends and they love it.  I think all the bad reviews this is getting is from just PS3 gamers.  I have both consoles and everyone that I know that has both love this controller.  If you have never played the 360 or really don't like the 360 controller then this might not be for you.  Who knows, maybe it will, like I said I love this controller.
B0014KFV6I|5.0|Truly one of the all-time great albums. This classic is a must-have in anyone's music library -I cannot believe it is one of the specially priced $5 albums at amazon.
B0037A4ILC|5.0|Two young brave mountain climbers push the envelope to attempt to become the first to scale the north face. One does not have to be a mountain climber to appreciate the importance seemingly small decisions have on the results of our efforts. Be prepared for surprises. I could have done without the love interest but the climb itself is intriging enough to carry this docu-drama.
0486274268|5.0|Art books, and specifically \\"How to draw ___\\" books can be a little hit and miss in my experience, but this one was definitely a hit! It doesn't have much by way of written instruction, but the sketches were probably more useful to me than written instructions would have been, they're broken down in a way that's relatively easy to understand and reconstruct, so you can use the same techniques to build your own drawings.  Some sketches include basic skeletal structure and anatomy, but only the parts that you really need to be able to understand what you're drawing and how it works, it doesn't go into painstaking detail.  I really like how this artist understands the gestures of the animals he draws, and is able to capture the idea of the animal, the characteristics that identify each animal when we see it. I also liked the tips on composition and lines of movement.  Definitely a solid, understandable book with a good variety of examples.
B001FB5634|4.0|\\"The Road,\\" based on a Cormac McCarthy novel that won the Pulitzer prize (\\"No Country for Old Men\\" was by the same author) is one of the latest (or at least was in '09) post-apocalyptic wasteland, survival movies.  I wavered a little whether to give it 3 or 4 stars but decided to go with 4 partly because I think it's a tad bit underrated.   I didn't read the book so can't make comparisons, but found the movie entertaining though it also felt somewhat like a typical adaptation of a good book made into a pretty decent movie - focusing more on visuals and slightly less on ideas or story - and expanding certain character roles (at least according to other sources) in order to cast bigger name actors or actresses.       The cinematography, visual effects, and realism of the post-apocalyptic world were impressive.   The film-makers did a nice job in my opinion of not using much CGI, and instead used locations in 5 different states to achieve the visuals, including run-down parts of Pittsburgh and New Orleans as well as Mt. St. Helens in Washington state (my home state!).   The movie's visuals along with its bleak feel, and some of the darker storyline that it develops, make it a fairly original (if not extremely original) film.  Overall it's decent variation on post-deluge idea and also makes you think about certain ideas that aren't necessarily bludgeoned over the viewer's head.  Also, a great cameo by Robert Duval (he's hard to recognize...and I only could tell it was him from his voice).  Overall an engaging movie that keeps the viewer's interest!
B003Y5H4SO|4.0|This is not a horror movie. Do not watch it expecting a demonic horrorfest. It is rather a tale of evil begets evil and that it can take forgiveness to bring about redemption and break the cycle. One must accept personal responsibility for one's actions. This is mentioned several times and is the undertone for the film. It is not apparent but it was a fairly low budget film. The director does well to keep up the suspense and create an unsettling air through out the film. The actors all play their parts well. The story has a good pace and is entertaining. As with all of the films Shyamalan has been involved with, there is a moral to be learn.
B004DF3S7A|5.0|The best of the best, the ultimate RS hits platter. Fourteen classic tracks collected on one CD. What a value! Fans would have to purchase all of the previous G.A.S. CDs to capture this music. Also, there  is one track never before released and two more with a\\" can't miss \\"remix. So, even fans who've collected all the G.A.S. CDs will surely wish to purchase this release.     The music and vocals are simply divine. Perfect for your listening, dancing and relaxing pleasure.  My only slight disappointment is the duet with the \\"Wonderful World\\" track. I was hoping RS would have included the duet he recorded, through the magic of studio technology, with the late great legend, Louis Armstrong instead of Stevie Wonder. Although, this is a personal preference and not meant as disrespect to SW's talent.     I gather it's being saved for the upcoming 2012 RS project \\" Rod Stewart Duets the Great American Songbook with all the Late Legendary 20th Century Crooners\\".  Rumor has it that RS will sing along  electronically with the likes of Al Martino, Russ Colombo, Perry Como, Matt Monro, Al Bowlly and even Tiny Tim. That CD should be a pip.    Also, I can't wait for the anticipated release, later this year, of Rod Stewart Sings the Great American Show Tunes Live in Concert. I've listened to some bootleg tracks and am particularly fond of Ole Man River (dance remix) and My Boy Bill (acoustic version). No doubt, Rod will showcase these musical treasures in the same classic manner as he's demonstrated with the Standards catalogue.     I'd be remiss if I didn't share with all RS fans, the buzz in NYC, concerning the potential lift off of Rod's cinematic debut. Sources have shared that Rod's in the mix to recreate the role of C.K. Dexter Haven in the remake of the classic 1956 film \\"High Society\\", originally produced by the legendary Sol C. Siegel. This project would involve Rod recording the classic\\" High Society\\" soundtracks including, \\"Well, Did You Evah \\", \\" Now you Has Jazz \\" and\\"I Love You Samantha \\". There are absolutely no limits to Rod's creativity or his ability to provide endless musical pleasure to all his dedicated admirers.   A final note, the \\"Best of G.A.S. CD cover is very intriguing. Check out Rod's body language, almost daring his fans to pull his finger. What swagger !
B0041KOVNM|5.0|Why is it Sweden is making better rock than us??? (PLEASE CHECK OUT GRAVEYARD)    I just picked this album and cannot, will not stop listening to it: The chunky riffs, the solos, keyboards and drumwork brought a tear of nostalgia to my eye for great tunes of my youth.  Everyone needs to hear this...but due to the subject matter of the lyrics they probably won't. Too bad, cause this album is a real treat for the ears. The influences of Voivod, BOC and Mercyful Fate are there, and strangely I am also reminded of the soundtrack for the film \\"Phantom Of The Paradise\\", written by Paul Williams (had that entire album sounded like the tracks \\"Somebody Super Like You\\" and Life At Last\\") as well as a bit of the first Danzig album's production values, with a nod to Deep Purple. The clean vocal delivery works great with Ghost's overall sound, reminiscent of late '70's, early 80's hard rock/metal, and there isn't a bad song in the bunch. The dark, haunting vibe Ghost gets on disc is nicely done - it puts 99% of screamy, thrashy, cheesy Black Metal bands to shame with the dark sound captured here.    Overall a fantastic record from beginning to end and I want to thank these guys for making an album I can't believe I love so much.  A band I will be watching, and you should too.
B0041KKYDI|5.0|127 Hours is a 2010 film directed by Danny Boyle ([[ASIN:B00005JMA8 28 Days Later]], [[ASIN:B001P9KR8U Slumdog Millionaire]]).  He is making amazing and realistic films on tiny fractions of the budget it takes for any fat pompous producer's wallet to hock films about androids who turn into minivans, and he's winning the praise of his peers in doing so.  If I had Danny Boyle over for dinner I'll bet he could take my camcorder and create a ten minute short film that might be good enough for an Oscar nomination.  He's that good, and that's why he can take an inspirational story about real-life climber Aron Ralston, who in May of 2003 was forced to amputate his own arm to free himself from a boulder that had fallen on him, and make a movie out of it.  True that it's an inspirational story, but at the same time it's still a movie about a guy who is trapped suffering in a canyon for more than five days and eventually makes the decision to break his arm and slowly cut it off with a cheap jackknife.  On the surface it certainly doesn't seem to sound like a story a mainstream audience would want to sit through for 90 minutes, but if church groups can bring kids to see [[ASIN:B00028HBKC The Passion of the Christ]], and mobs of kids can go see repeated glorification of humans potentially ending life on Earth, then you can see a movie about one guy who would do the unthinkable to talk to his mother and father again, to fix up a relationship with a woman he loved, to see his sister get married, and to hold his unborn son for the first time.  It is an enriching film about one man whose life was faced with a horrendous obstacle that smashed his hand and his whole life forever.  In the prime of Aron's life he very suddenly found himself staring death right in the face, and told death he was simply not ready.  There was no way this guy was going to die, not like this.  Boyle and his team should be praised for taking an effectually unfilmmable concept and turning into the best film of 2010.<br /><br />127 Hours follows the true story of Raltson (play brilliantly by James Franco), an adventurous mountain climber and canyoneer, who has to save himself after a boulder traps his hand and him in an isolated canyon in Utah.  Throughout the next 127 hours Ralston assesses his life before the boulder fell on him.  He eventually musters the courage to amputate his arm, climb a 60 foot canyon wall, and tread for 8 miles before finally being rescued.  Be warned, it is as realistic an ordeal as you can imagine so the camera doesn't look away when he makes the difficult decision to leave his arm behind.<br /><br />Obviously this is a film that simply would not work without a great casting choice followed by a truly great performance.  James Franco has, along with perhaps Natalie Portman in [[ASIN:B0041KKYEM Black Swan]], put together the best performance I've seen so far in 2010, which has been a very strong year, but I still have movies to see.  Franco more than deserves the praise he is getting.  It is another level displayed by this great young actor and if he doesn't win an Oscar for this, he will get his recognition in time.<br /><br />In real-life Ralston has said the film is almost like a documentary of what happened to him.  I'm sure it was uncomfortable for him to watch, as it was certainly uncomfortable at times for me, but in the end the reward of life is worth it.  127 Hours really is a meditation on and a celebration of life.  I can only hope that if I were in that canyon I would have the courage to make such a decision and shame on me if I couldn't, given how fortunate I am to have the things I have.  Few films made in the last ten or so years had me pondering these kinds of things, and if I were to ask myself why I watch and love movies, I might say because I hope to find further reverence for life and the most powerful encouragement to live it fully.  This movie gets my highest recommendation.of 2010.    127 Hours follows the true story of Raltson (play brilliantly by James Franco), an adventurous mountain climber and canyoneer, who has to save himself after a boulder traps his hand and him in an isolated canyon in Utah.  Throughout the next 127 hours Ralston assesses his life before the boulder fell on him.  He eventually musters the courage to amputate his arm, climb a 60 foot canyon wall, and tread for 8 miles before finally being rescued.  Be warned, it is as realistic an ordeal as you can imagine so the camera doesn't look away when he makes the difficult decision to leave his arm behind.    Obviously this is a film that simply would not work without a great casting choice followed by a truly great performance.  James Franco has, along with perhaps Natalie Portman in [[ASIN:B0041KKYEM Black Swan]], put together the best performance I've seen so far in 2010, which has been a very strong year, but I still have movies to see.  Franco more than deserves the praise he is getting.  It is another level displayed by this great young actor and if he doesn't win an Oscar for this, he will get his recognition in time.    In real-life Ralston has said the film is almost like a documentary of what happened to him.  I'm sure it was uncomfortable for him to watch, as it was certainly uncomfortable at times for me, but in the end the reward of life is worth it.  127 Hours really is a meditation on and a celebration of life.  I can only hope that if I were in that canyon I would have the courage to make such a decision and shame on me if I couldn't, given how fortunate I am to have the things I have.   Few films made in the last ten or so years had me pondering these kinds of things, and if I were to ask myself why I watch and love movies, I might say because I hope to find further reverence for life and the most powerful encouragement to live it fully.  This movie gets my highest recommendation.
B003UESJEM|4.0|In this film taking place during the recession, a sales executive loses his job, and struggles to accept the reality of his new lifestyle. Solid work here focuses not on the intricacies of what caused the financial meltdown, but instead presents the plight of one affected family. The movie also touches on the gap between compensation levels in the United States between the executives who run businesses and the people who ensure the companies function on a day-to-day basis. A strong cast ensures this film does not segue into sentimental tearjerker, though sentimentality does creep through a bit at the end. Overall, this is a strong effort that will capture the audience with solid acting and a compelling storyline.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I'm not a fan of the CSI-esque shows.  Don't get me wrong; I was a big fan of them before I earned a degree in the subject matter, and the techniques used in the show became too silly to enjoy.  I picked Dexter up on a whim because I am a fan of Michael C. Hall's.  The show snagged me from the start and hasn't let me go.<br /><br />The constant character study that takes place in the show is amazing and it's what keeps me watching.  I've always been fascinated in psychology, and Dexter constantly explores himself, his need for killing, and the pseudo-personality front he paints to keep people from picking up on his \\"dark passenger.\\"  It's tastefully done and very believable.<br /><br />Analyzing what makes a hero out of a serial killer, or a serial killer out of a hero is truly enthralling.  I definitely suggest Dexter to anyone who's tired of Horatio.  This show's got what it takes, and Michael C. Hall pulls it off without a hitch.
B00004ZBVG|1.0|All the negative reviews have hit the nail on the head.  After reading the actual novel, that this movie was supposed to be about, I bought this movie very recently thinking it would be as good as the novel.    I found the movie, Bat-21, full of vile profanity, at the most mundane, non-emotional scenes, an insult to the real airmen involved in this saga and all military members past and present. Once again, Hollywood, having a sorry adaptation of the real book, even worse script writers, falls back on cursing as scene fillers.    The acting....wasn't.  The so-called story line is truly fantasy from Hollywood at its worst. It is obvious that the entire group involved in the making of this fiasco have no concept of the military, the Vietnam War, flying, military communications discipline, and for certain never read the book about this real-life heroic drama.  Gene Hackman tramps over hill and dale in broad daylight, on a treeless hill-top fully visible to the enemy, crashes through the boonies like a male rhino in heat, leaving a broken vegetation trail that a Tenderfoot Boy Scout could follow, and in general, appears clueless about escape and evasion.  The extremely long-winded radio transmissions between Hackman and Glover (in an OV-2 flying overhead), was more suitable for a conversation on a back porch swing than would ever transpire in a search/rescue/escape and evasion situation.  Pure bull crap!!  Read the book!  Don't buy, don't rent, don't even consider watching this most sorry excuse for a war movie.  I just wasted nearly $14 (with S/H) buying the DVD.  The Wizard of Oz, Spiderman, I, II and III are more believable than this fiasco.
0743420373|3.0|Not a bad book...starts off strong then gets a little boring towards the end.  I am concerned that the research wasn't the most accurate.....most of the millionaires made money due to the effect on their profit-sharing/401k the upswing in the stock market created (of course, their saving habits protected their nest eggs), as opposed to any dramatic ideas or silver bullets.
6304698623|5.0|I absolutely love this film! I have since I was six years old... My Grandmother accidentally threw it out with some old VHS tapes she had in the cupboard and I haven't been able to find someone who knows what I'm talking about (When I talk about this film being my favourite of all time) since!  Thankyou Amazon, for bringing my childood memories back to life!  I cried more this time than I usually do everytime I watch this touching film!    Thankyou again!
B004AKCME8|4.0|The short version of my review is this: the animation is spectacular and makes up for most of the weaknesses in the film. Now for details. Those who have stated in their reviews that this is the most visually beautiful film they have ever seen are NOT exaggerating. As my family watched this dvd in our living room (on our 1080p plasma) my husband kept saying, \\"We should have gone to the theater to see this in 3D.\\" It truly looks amazing. I can't speak to the blu-ray since we only have seen the dvd, but I imagine it would bring even more of the incredible detail to life. No one in our family had ever read or heard of the books this film is based on, so the story was unfamiliar to us, though it is a familiar enough story. Young owls are kidnaped from their peaceful forest home and enslaved in an evil kingdom. They escape, find the mythical Guardians, and become involved in an epic battle of good vs. evil in which they much face their fears, draw on strength they didn't know they had, etc. There are so many elements of the story that are familiar (basic hero's quest stuff) that even my kids kept saying things like, \\"This is just like Lord of the Rings\\" or \\"That's like when Obi Wan dies\\" or even \\"This reminds me of Harry Potter.\\" The dialogue was difficult for us to make out (we kept having to turn up the volume), but I'm not sure if that is a fault with the sound or something to do with the Australian accents. The overall tone of the film is rather dark and dramatic, and the interjection of a perky Owl City song in the middle was somewhat jarring. My 13 year old son said, \\"That's cute to have an Owl City song while we're literally looking at an Owl City, but the song is too cheerful.\\" The names of the characters were hard to understand, and we couldn't even read some of them when the credits rolled. All that being said, I recommend everyone see this film in order to understand the sheer beauty of the animation. I thought I'd seen everything that cg animation could do, but I'd never seen anything as jaw-droppingly gorgeous as this film.ut I'd never seen anything as jaw-droppingly gorgeous as this film.
1401907725|5.0|These cards are top quality, with beautiful artwork.  Book is very informative and helpful with the readings.  great product.
B003EV6DBW|4.0|The fifth season (or series) of \\"Doctor Who\\" presented viewers with a number of changes. Head Writer/Executive Producer Russell T. Davies and Executive Producer Julie Gardner, who had successfully brought the show back to television in 2005, stepped down from their duties. Replacing them were Steven Moffatt, Piers Wenger and Beth Willis. The new creative team brought in many things, including a new look for both the interior and exterior of the Tardis, as well as a slightly different style to the stories they would tell. But biggest of all, they introduced us to a new Doctor: Number Eleven, played by relative newcomer Matt Smith.<br /><br />Smith's performance as the Eleventh Doctor is fascinating to watch. It's hard to explain exactly how he plays the Doctor, but he does so with a lot of energy and talent. He's joined on his adventures by Karen Gillan as the feisty redhead Amy Pond, who provides the Doctor with a companion willing to butt heads with him on occasion. Also joining them on occasion is Amy's fiance Rory, played by Arthur Darvill, and the mysterious River Song, once again played by Alex Kingston, reprising her role from the previous regular season.<br /><br />Steven Moffatt, no stranger to the world of the Good Doctor, has written several stories before, including the classic \\"Blink\\" and the two-part adventure \\"Silence in the Library/Forest of the Dead.\\" As Head Writer for the new series, he's written six of the thirteen episodes. Five of those episodes (The premiere episode, \\"The Eleventh Hour;\\" the two-parter \\"The Time of Angels/Flesh and Stone\\" that sees the return of the creepy and sinister Weeping Angels; and the two-part finale \\"The Pandorica Opens/The Big Bang,\\" where the Doctor faces his greatest challenge yet) are destined to become classics! The other standout episode is \\"Vincent and the Doctor,\\" where the Doctor and Amy join Vincent van Gogh to fight an alien threat.<br /><br />The other episodes are good overall. However, there are two drawbacks to this season. The first is that the show suffers from a slight lack of cohesion. Unlike previous seasons, where all the episodes melded together well despite the many locations through time and space, this one tends to go all over the place without sticking together well. The other problem is Episode Three, \\"Victory of the Daleks.\\" Although the episode is good overall, the unwelcome return of the Doctor's greatest enemy mars the whole endeavor, and  shows that the Daleks are quickly becoming stale.<br /><br />However, other than these problems, the new season of \\"Doctor Who\\" is strong overall, and bodes well for the show's future. The Blu-ray release is good as well, with terrific picture and sound, and a good amount of extras. Fans will definitely find this season of the show worth owning.<br /><br />Program/Blu-ray Grade: B+e first is that the show suffers from a slight lack of cohesion. Unlike previous seasons, where all the episodes melded together well despite the many locations through time and space, this one tends to go all over the place without sticking together well. The other problem is Episode Three, \\"Victory of the Daleks.\\" Although the episode is good overall, the unwelcome return of the Doctor's greatest enemy mars the whole endeavor, and  shows that the Daleks are quickly becoming stale.     However, other than these problems, the new season of \\"Doctor Who\\" is strong overall, and bodes well for the show's future. The Blu-ray release is good as well, with terrific picture and sound, and a good amount of extras. Fans will definitely find this season of the show worth owning.    Program/Blu-ray Grade: B+
B003P2WO5E|5.0|The first half of the book was a little hard to follow and then it just took off! I enjoyed it a lot and I look forward to the next one. Brandon improves all the time.
0553386816|5.0|I've always liked Grisham.  What a great way to experience his work in short stories.  It's nice to sit down each evening and read an entire story before bed.  I wish he would do more like this.  I would by them all.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|DEATHLY HALLOWS PART 1 TO BE RELEASED ON APRIL 15TH!!!!<br /><br /> PREPARE FOR THE FINAL BATTLE!<br /><br />WARNER BROS. HOME ENTERTAINMENT GROUP PRESENTS<br /><br />HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS - PART 1<br /><br />ARRIVING ONTO BLU-RAY COMBO PACK, DVD and DIGITAL DOWNLOAD APRIL 15th<br /><br />\\"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 1\\" contains the following special features:<br /><br />:) Official Information:<br />BLU-RAY AND DVD ELEMENTS<br /><br />3-Disc Blu-ray Combo Pack includes:<br /><br />  * Exclusive Sneak Peek of an opening scene from the highly anticipated upcoming film Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2<br />  * Maximum Movie Mode - Join host Jason Isaacs (Lucius Malfoy), and other members of the cast and crew, on an interactive journey through Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 1.  Plus, revisit important moments from the previous films to prepare for the final battle that takes place in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2.<br />  * Dan, Rupert and Emma's Running Competition - While filming the escape scene from the Snatchers in Swinley Forest, Dan, Rupert and Emma engage in a little competition of their own.  With colorful commentary by Director David Yates, see the competitive spirit on set and this hilarious rivalry between the three leads.<br />  * The Seven Harrys - See how Daniel Radcliffe recreated the personalities of the different characters that transform into Harrys in the hilarious Privet Drive scene.<br />  * On the Green with Rupert, Tom, Oliver and James - Accompany Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley), Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy), Oliver Phelps (George Weasley) and  James Phelps (Fred Weasley) for a round of golf and get a glimpse into their 10-year friendship that developed while making the Harry Potter films.<br />  * The Wizarding World of Harry Potter Promotional Trailer - Join Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson and other cast members from the Harry Potter films on their first visit to the Grand Opening of The Wizarding World of Harry Potter.<br />  * Additional Scenes<br />  * Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1: Behind the Soundtrack<br />  * Standard Definition DVD of the feature film<br />  * Digital Copy of the feature film<br /><br />DVD Includes:<br /><br />  * Additional ScenesScenes      * Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1: Behind the Soundtrack      * Standard Definition DVD of the feature film      * Digital Copy of the feature film         DVD Includes:        * Additional Scenes
B0000DZ3EN|5.0|I spent years searching for this movie & finally found it on Amazon. I seen it back in the 80's and fell in love with it. My 3 year old even liked it. Great family movie.
B002Z58GQS|2.0|I bought this to use in a CDJ-2000, as I needed only so much room temporarily for music files. When I first plugged it in, and it was chugging away copying 8GB of music, it failed around 95%. This was very frustrating, and only continued to do it. I guess it was expected for such a cheap drive, but still frustrating.
B000M06K5C|4.0|I love Bloc Party, but I didn't love this cd quite as much as Silent Alarm or Intimacy.  It has some stellar tracks and some that just kind of fade into the background.  However, in my book this is still at least a 4 star album...less than the BEST Bloc Party is still something very special!
B000B589JI|2.0|The canister itself is of quality construction, however it tends to unscrew itself while bouncing around in a pocket.  The flint holder broke off within a week.  Not recommended for use on a keychain.
030746363X|5.0|I received the book as a Christmas gift. Started the diet on Jan 3rd. I'm down 17.5 lbs since (written Feb 1st). The 4 meals a day works well for me. I love the binge day, it's never more than a week away. I don't have cravings. This may not work for everyone but it certainly is working for me & I'd recommend it strongly.
6300184080|5.0|May be my favorite movie of all time-In its' original form!  Nothing against \\"The Boss\\", but the first hundred or so times that I saw this movie, was with the Seger soundtrack, and watching it with anything else just doesn't seem right.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|What is it about the life of a dancer? They endure extreme physical discomfort bordering on torture. Their life is one of discipline, relentless hard work, and sacrifice, all for the sake of a career that has, in most cases, a very short shelf life. What drives them?<br /><br />\\"Black Swan\\" attempts to get inside the mind of a ballerina, while also creating a trippy, often erotic thriller that even mainstream audiences (not just art movie snobs) can enjoy. It's a tightrope, but Darren Aronofsky pulls it all off brilliantly, making his best film since \\"Requiem for a Dream\\", with the help of lead actress Natalie Portman, who gives the most impressive performance in her young career (already full of some impressive performances).<br /><br />Portman plays Nina, a workaholic ballerina who seems finally ready to ascend to the lead role in \\"Swan Lake\\". Although, with her virginal demeanor, the slightly sadistic director thinks she'll make a perfect White Swan, he criticizes her for lacking the darkness and sexuality needed to play the role of the Black Swan. In order to give the perfect performance, tightly wound Nina needs to find the Black Swan in her, and she knows she won't find it through the hard work and discipline she usually employs.<br /><br />And so it begins. The stress of finally dancing the lead in a production, coupled with Nina's drive to find the darkness within herself that she's been repressing her entire life, send her on a mental downward spiral. The film plays it all ambiguously, and it's often not clear whether what is happening is real or all in Nina's head. Even the characters around her (her stage mother, the free-spirited rival ballerina, the enraged elder ballerina Nina is replacing) can often be interpreted not as real people but as personifications of parts of Nina's own fractured psyche.<br /><br />Part portrait of a tortured young artist, part erotic thriller, and part head trip, \\"Black Swan\\" is one of the best films of the year, and the best thriller I've seen in a long time. Bravo.time. Bravo.
B00006F83Y|1.0|I bought this as a stocking filler for my father (He's deaf).<br />Sadly however, he cannot hear any of the tracks on it...<br />Firstly I thought perhaps it's only for people who are partially deaf... but then I thought; surely any CD is for someone who is partially deaf... you just turn the volume up on the CD player.<br />Then I thought... maybe it's just aimed at being a humerous title although my father didn't laugh when I gave it to him.<br />We had a huge fight and now I've been thrown out of the house.<br />I am completely new to the whole \\"living on the streets\\" thing... however thankfully I still had my library card so I could come on here and warn people.<br />I'm going to buy the CD \\"Living In A Box\\" by the band \\"Living In A Box\\" in the hope that they can provide some insight
032147404X|4.0|I found this book to be very helpful.  It is easy to read and understand.  I would recommend for anyone interested in learning about taking better photos.
B0042816YK|5.0|I have watched this movie numerous times and now am embarking on the journey through the novel. Yesterday as I sat through a snowstorm, I traveled around the world through the movie not once, but twice, as my eyes grew weary from reading the novel. I would give this movie 4 thumbs up if I had the capabilities!
B00018D3RI|5.0|Por su peculiar estilo de hacer el trabajo policial, el llevar a la pantalla chica a esta pareja creo muchos fans que se divertian con cada episodio de la serie.  Los videos viene con muy buena resolucin en color, as como sonido y por supuesto en los idiomas que se ofrecen, para mi el importante es el espaol ya que lo puede ver mi Pap, que es el aficionado nmero uno de Starsky & Hutch
B001RTP3Z0|5.0|Great DVD - exactly as he performs his concerts these days - amazing that he can just repeat it verbatim each time.  Non the less a delight to watch this consummate performance of someone so talented and aged!
0312600844|5.0|Writing a novel about an intelligent, dysfunctional family requires a skillful writer. More often than not, I'm disappointed in the portrayal of dysfunctional, smart characters.  I guess I expect smart people to seek help and improve. Franzen has mastered the art of writing smart, believable dysfunction.  I've never been more interested in a group of unlikable people as I was in reading about the Berglund family.<br /><br />'Unlikeable' may be a bit harsh, each character has their moments. JF makes no effort to distinguish the good from the bad; he simply paints an honest picture.<br /><br />His grasp of the English language is as impressive anyone I've read.  This may seem like lofty praise, but the guy is a GIFTED writer.<br /><br />The novel reads like a scientific study of a modern, nuclear family. It provides accounts, perspectives and deep thoughts from all of the players; a thorough portrayal of a 21st century family.  That is to take nothing from his storytelling, which is extraordinary<br /><br />I liked 'The Corrections', but 'Freedom' gave me chills.
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|One of the most Excellent movies for all ages. The acting was just superlative. One of the best movies of this day for all age groups.   The scenery was breathtaking.   A movie is supposed to be entertainment, this was above and beyond.    Pierce Brosnan was one of the most heart felt singers plus exceptional acting and chemistry with Meryl Streep. The people at the \\"RAZZLE\\"      awards should be ashamed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   His singing would be received by Donna as extremely romantic. The four actresses were also, excellent.    The  bachelors and her young man also made for a heartwarming  Musical ...
B002MT3CIY|3.0|For you Floyd fans this DVD is the same and i mean the same DVD as the Delicate Sound Of Thunder concert that is on DVD. They just changed the name. If you don't have the Delicate Sound Of Thunder on DVD or VHS then get it.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|When I saw this in theaters, I wasn't sure what to expect. At first I was annoyed to see that it was going to be split up into two film installments. However, I was pleasantly surprised when the credits started rolling. I went back to see it three more times! The first half of the book was good but a tad slow, and the filmmakers made sure this wasn't the case for the movie. They created a proper balance of comedy, action, and character development. If you like the Harry Potter series, you will not be disappointed. Needless to say, I'll be getting my copy on DVD when it hits shelves on April 15th!
B002V9PEU4|4.0|It's sad to think that 18 years after its release Last Action Hero is still trying to find its target audience. Audiences don't like smart movies. Or perhaps I should say audiences don't like to be OUTSMARTED by movies. In the summer of 1993 the world was going crazy for a certain dinosaur movie, almost everything else didn't stand a chance. LAH came out a week after Jurassic Park. The only people who really went to see it were those who were too late for sold-out screenings of Spielberg's movie. Bad word of mouth spread for many reasons.<br /><br />Those lucky enough to actually see it on the big screen walked away confused and disorientated. They thought they were in for a straight-up action movie, not an existential, meta-fictional parody of the genre they cherish. It was just too much and they weren't ready for it. Arnold had been riding the wave of Total Recall and Terminator 2 before the release of Last Action Hero, no one expected such a radical deviation from the norm.<br /><br />Danny Madigan is a lonely kid living in a tiny New York apartment with his single MILF. His only friend is Nick, an old-time projectionist at a run down theater (a REAL theater, no multiplex nonsense). Danny likes to escape into the world of action movies, his biggest hero, obviously, being Arnie himself. The latest Arnie blockbuster, the simply-titled Jack Slater IV, is a day away from its premiere, and old Nick has been tasked with checking the print. Before Danny sits down for his own personal pre-premiere midnight screening Nick gives him a magical ticket he's been saving since childhood. Five minutes after Jack Slater IV begins Danny is warped into the cinema screen and becomes part of the movie.<br /><br />In the movie world Danny quickly learns that the laws of physics and simple logic don't apply (how often has THAT proven to be true?). He's partnered with Slater, a renegade L.A. cop and the absolute zenith of action hero stereotypes, to find who killed his favorite second-cousin Frank (BIG MISTAKE!). Danny and Slater smash their way into a hokey, James Bond-ish plot, though it's not long before suave English henchman Mr. Benedict discovers Danny's secret and plans to escape to the real world. Danny and Slater follow, but Slater's movie-world abilities are rendered useless in reality. Doubt begins seep in for the first time as he ends up questioning his powers as a good cop.<br /><br />Last Action Hero scores huge points all round. It's technically wonderful, with gorgeous anamorphic Panavision photography full of wide angles and lens flares. The writing is sharp is funny. Arnie is great as an infallible hero in crisis as well as making fun of his screen persona. And the action, both fictional and meta-fictional, is wild, overblown, and exciting. I just love Slater's huge fall from the elevator.<br /><br />It's interesting to note that it has a lot in common with Loaded Weapon, which came out earlier that year. Both are send-ups of the 'L.A. cop movie' genre, both star F. Murray Abraham in supporting roles. Both feature Frank McRae as a screaming Lieutenant. Both have obvious Die Hard references (also directed by the infamous John McTiernan).<br /><br />The bad reputation is unjustified. The financial loss was a mistake entirely on Sony's part and their lack of foresight into the 1993 summer season. Last Action Hero and Jurassic Park went head-to-head with their advertising but the dinosaur movie's marketing campaign was just too groundbreaking. They also competed with each other on a technical level. JP was the first film to feature DTS sound, while Last Action Hero was the first to feature SDDS (Sony Dynamic Digital Sound), an eight-channel system that delivers every decibel of Slater's big gun and the multiple explosions of his daily life.<br /><br />It may be a satire, but Last Action Hero just may be one of the last true action films. Real stunts, real explosions, real destruction, reality gone twisted. It's Arnold's most subversive movie, and it's many things, but bad ain't one of them.<br /><br />The Blu Ray features a great 2.35:1 1080p picture with a loud DTS HD-MA soundtrack. Zero extras are included. Sony seems to still be ashamed of the film. The hate is not deserved.m.    The Blu Ray features a great 2.35:1 1080p picture with a loud DTS HD-MA soundtrack. Zero extras are included. Sony seems to still be ashamed of the film. The hate is not deserved.
B000P0J0G0|1.0|Fortunately I got this through the library. I wouldn't pay for it.  It's dated rehash of a lot of the bad Monty-Python sketch acts...the worst ones...and I love MP. Seriously, half of the jokes were DIRECTLY taken from Monty Python routines, or even Benny Hill, but done quite poorly. Maybe if you were back in that time period, and hadn't seen anything Python, you may have gotten a laugh out of it.  Now, the humor seems overly stale, forced, and is just bad.  I couldn't make it through the first episode without wanting to burn my library card. Now...that all said, I like watching House...but if you're looking for any of that acting skill in this, forget about it. Again...this takes the most predictable path to every joke or comic scene. I was bored stiff and found it simply boring as he11. So...for those who don't find this review helpful, go buy it and see for yourself what a steaming pile this thing really is, then come back and put your own review in.
B0042KZJ46|4.0|Two discs 49,41 minutes each approximately.  The bonus disc contains approximately 28 minutes of music, plus  an 8+ minute Marley family interview (enhanced video), from 2010.  The audio tracks on the bonus disc (available only from Best Buy for a limited time) are-\\"I Know A Place\\", \\"Punky Reggae Party\\" (12\\" version), \\"Smile Jamaica\\", \\"Who Colt The Game\\", and \\"Keep On Moving\\".  This set hovers between 4.5 and 5 stars.  The sound is very good, taken directly from the mixing board at the concert.  The only exceptions are tracks 7 and 8 on the second disc, which are from \\"secondary\\" sources due to the soundboard tape running out.  These two tracks \\"Work\\" and \\"Get Up Stand Up\\", are a bit distant and muddy sounding-think fairly good bootleg quality, which is a shame because \\"Get Up Stand Up\\" (especially) is a stand out rendition.  But the whole concert was originally not intended for general  release, rather it was taped so Marley and the band could have a record of this (among others) night from the tour.  The discs are slipped inside a tri-fold cardboard holder.  The ten page booklet contains information on the concert and a number of good photos of Marley and the band.  The band consists of Marley, Carlton Barrett-drums, Aston \\"Family Man\\" Barrett-bass, Junior Marvin-lead guitar, Al Anderson-lead guitar, Alvin Patterson-percussion, Earl Lindo-keyboards, Tyrone Downie-keybpoards, and the I Threes, Judy Mowatt, Marcia Griffiths, and Rita Marley-background vocals.<br /><br />This concert, Marley's last, is a very fine example of Bob Marley and his friends/musicians in concert.  Arguably not as fierce as \\"Babylon By Bus\\" or the even earlier \\"Live!\\" (both from the 70's), it's still an awesome listening experience for Marley followers.  Physically collapsing a few days earlier, Marley nonetheless decided to honor his commitment in Pittsburgh in 1980.  Marley's vocals are strong with conviction, and immediate, his band equally on the money-heavy and full-sounding, following Marley wherever he led.<br /><br />The songs are well known to Marley followers-\\"Natural Mystic\\", \\"Positive Vibration\\", \\"Them Belly Full\\", \\"Crazy Baldhead\\", \\"Exodus\\", \\"Redemption Song\\", \\"Is This Love\\", and so on.  Almost immediately after greeting the crowd, Marley and the band launch into \\"Natural Mystic\\" and never let up.  \\"Them Belly Full\\" is especially fine, with an immediateness and power belying Marley's health problems.  There are a number of fine renditions of familiar tracks (\\"Jamming\\", \\"Exodus\\", \\"Get Up Stand Up\\"), and long time fans (like me) will have their own favorites.<br /><br />If you have followed Marley through the years, this will be a welcome addition to your Marley library.  If you're new to this music and/or Marley, this set, along with the previously mentioned live releases will tell you all you need to know about Bob Marley in concert.  This is, sadly, a fitting end to Marley's career.  Hearing this, you wonder what else we would have been privileged to hear from this great artist.<br /><br />AS OF TODAY'S DATE, 02-08-11, for anyone in my neck of the woods, the  3 DISC VERSION OF THIS SET IS STILL AVAILABLE at the Mission Valley area Best Buy.  The store had quite a few in the racks.  Happy hunting!wherever he led.    The songs are well known to Marley followers-\\"Natural Mystic\\", \\"Positive Vibration\\", \\"Them Belly Full\\", \\"Crazy Baldhead\\", \\"Exodus\\", \\"Redemption Song\\", \\"Is This Love\\", and so on.  Almost immediately after greeting the crowd, Marley and the band launch into \\"Natural Mystic\\" and never let up.  \\"Them Belly Full\\" is especially fine, with an immediateness and power belying Marley's health problems.  There are a number of fine renditions of familiar tracks (\\"Jamming\\", \\"Exodus\\", \\"Get Up Stand Up\\"), and long time fans (like me) will have their own favorites.    If you have followed Marley through the years, this will be a welcome addition to your Marley library.  If you're new to this music and/or Marley, this set, along with the previously mentioned live releases will tell you all you need to know about Bob Marley in concert.  This is, sadly, a fitting end to Marley's career.  Hearing this, you wonder what else we would have been privileged to hear from this great artist.    AS OF TODAY'S DATE, 02-08-11, for anyone in my neck of the woods, the  3 DISC VERSION OF THIS SET IS STILL AVAILABLE at the Mission Valley area Best Buy.  The store had quite a few in the racks.  Happy hunting!
B0046B8GEQ|5.0|It is tough to find a movie that a 4 year old, an 11 year old and a 40 year old will all enjoy, but this fit the bill.  The animation is clever and fun to watch and the soundtrack is catchy and clever.  I loved the characters and the story had a sweet ending.
0345505387|5.0|I loved this!  As a big fan of Diana Gabaldon's books, I ordered knowing it would be good.  I was pleasantly surprised that it was actually great! I'm not much on comic type books, but this is very well done.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|Everything is great - including the cover of each CD, booklet, and sound.  I could never expect that \\"MONO\\" sounded this good.
0307454541|3.0|The first 100 pages are total torture.  If you can survive those though you are home free.  The rest of the book is pretty good and is worth it.  But since the beginning was so awful to me, I only gave it 3 stars.
0061726826|2.0|It is clear, the new genre of dystopian romance is here to stay. Apparently, paranormal romance formula I-can't-be-with-you-cause-I-might-kill-you is getting old, so now we will be bombarded with trilogies showcasing new formula I-can't-be-with-you-cause-this-bad-dystopian-world-is-tearing-us-apart. Ugh! And why did Lauren Oliver decide to dabble in this genre instead of sticking to what she knows best? I am trying to be nice here, but Oliver has no talent for speculative fiction. I worry about this career choice of hers, because as of now she, as an author, is lost to me for at least 3 years. I am not interested in more \\"Delirium\\" books.<br /><br />I love dystopias, I love how authors take current social and political trends and extrapolate them into future showing to us what can happen if these trends persist. The versions of future envisioned by Margaret Atwood built upon consequences of excessive genetic engineering or Paolo Bacigalupi's - upon global warming and exhaustion of natural resources - are plausible and horrifying. Lauren Oliver's dystopia is based on a premise that love is considered to be a serious, life-threatening sickness, and thus outlawed. Outlawing love, apparently, solves all world problems.<br /><br />Now, I can buy a world where strong emotions are suppressed (see \\"The Giver\\"). People in such world would be subdued and docile, and thus lack drive for power and violence. But love? Really? The characters in this book cured of love, still get aggravated, annoyed, worried. They just don't love their spouses and kids. And retain almost all other emotions.<br /><br />And the \\"horrible\\" consequences such premise brings about - neighborhood patrols, segregated (by sex) schools, arranged marriages, the horror! If, according to the author, this society is so constrictive, why is it so easy for teens to avoid curfews, to have parties with alcohol, to meet up in abandoned houses for some schmexy times, to fake being \\"cured\\" of love, to breach supposedly guarded borders? What is written to be scary and menacing in the \\"Delirium\\"'s society just isn't. As a dystopia, this novel fails completely. The only aspect of the setting that is interesting is that how author twists Christian mythos to adapt to the love-is-a-dangerous-sickness premise.<br /><br />The focus of the story, and an excuse to write this dystopia, is, of course, a romance. I wish I could say I enjoyed at least this aspect of Delirium, but I didn't really. It is mildly more exciting than the one in \\"Matched,\\" slightly steamier, and at least doesn't have a love triangle (yet). But there is still a self-insert main character (shy, ordinary, plain) and the main male emo squeeze, quoting poetry, who falls for her anyway. I am exhausted by this arrangement.<br /><br />Authors, why don't you write books about something a little more important than a month-old teen romance? Especially if you choose to create a dystopian novel, which, by definition, encompasses the entire world and supposedly endangers and oppresses all humanity.y guarded borders? What is written to be scary and menacing in the \\"Delirium\\"'s society just isn't. As a dystopia, this novel fails completely. The only aspect of the setting that is interesting is that how author twists Christian mythos to adapt to the love-is-a-dangerous-sickness premise.<br /><br />The focus of the story, and an excuse to write this dystopia, is, of course, a romance. I wish I could say I enjoyed at least this aspect of Delirium, but I didn't really. It is mildly more exciting than the one in \\"Matched,\\" slightly steamier, and at least doesn't have a love triangle (yet). But there is still a self-insert main character (shy, ordinary, plain) and the main male emo squeeze, quoting poetry, who falls for her anyway. I am exhausted by this arrangement.<br /><br />Authors, why don't you write books about something a little more important than a month-old teen romance? Especially if you choose to create a dystopian novel, which, by definition, encompasses the entire world and supposedly endangers and oppresses all humanity.
B0040JHNZ2|2.0|Unlike other novels by Ken Follet, this one is not as good as one might expect. It took me several weeks to read this one because I left it on several occasions.   As in other reviews... the characters are bad stereotypes: German people all orderly, Americans the saviors of the world, Russians just a complete bunch of drunks and whores.  It is mildly entertaining. No more than that
B0038LB3YK|3.0|The plot is beautifully developed and I couldn't stop reading it!    However, I must say the Kindle edition has ample room for improvement. There were typos all over, and not one Spanish word was spelt right. Definitely not worth the money, I thought I was paying for an edited, published book, but the Kindle edition certainly is not. I haven't read any book by this author in paperback, so I can still hope those editions do not have the spelling issues.
B001R4CKGU|1.0|What is a novel anyway? Here are a few things it should have: character development. plot. theme. Okay those are just a few essentials. What Tinkers has is ... uh ... none of the above. So if you accept it's not a novel, it does have some beautiful descriptive passages about death and dying and metaphors that support those passages. But beyond that? Long, long, long sentences that are in service of what? Not a thing. Except how clocks run down the way humans do. Character development? There is not one character in this \\"novel\\" to care about because they never get anywhere.  Give me Faulkner.
B002QN7PU2|5.0|Lithgow as Trinity Killer is just amazing. Hall is in great form and really starts to live and breathe the character. The only neg about this season is Dexter's wife, Rita. She's beautiful and sweet...but there's something annoying about her. She seems to judge without actually saying anything, nag without really nagging. It's hard to explain but I know I'm not the only one who found her annoying. In fact, the writers do take care of this problem in the end...
B000JQUMPI|5.0|This book is a tale of sadness truth and love. IT is a good book for you to read to you kids.  truly touching and funny at tmes. A poor family with the father away in a war. The mother and her four daughters must make do. There are tradgedy like when He youngest daugter falls through the ice and grave tradgedys like when the daughter Beth dies. Read this book to be touched and filled with hope.
0440243688|2.0|I had a tough time with this book. I've only read two Reacher novels, this one and \\"Nothing to Lose.\\" I believe them both to be boring with a lot of meaningless dialog. I found myself skimming more than I usually do. This is probably because I expected Jack Reacher to be more like the super spy/assassin, \\"Mitch Rapp,\\" who is expertly portrayed in the Vince Flynn novels.
B0042KZJ46|5.0|This is a fantastic/memorable/collectable 2 CD release of Bob Marley's very last live performance with his band, the Wailers recorded in Stanley Theater, Pittsburgh (PA) on 09/23/1980. Bob Marley died of brain metastases from malignant melanoma of his big toe (which he refused to be amputated because of his religious beliefs). The release has 2 great CDs and Bob Marley sings about Hope, Unity & Love in the way that he only can : he was promoting a wonderful album release \\"Uprising\\". The production/sound of the discs is great. Disc 1 has 12 tracks performed rather very well. My favourite performances from this disc include \\"The Belly Full\\", \\"War/No More Trouble\\", \\"Zimbabwe\\" & \\"Zion Train\\". Disc 2 has 8 great performances, this is my favourite disc of the two. With great performances of/like \\"Redemption Song\\", \\"Coming In From The Cold\\", \\"Could You Be Loved?\\", \\"Is This Love?\\" & \\"Get Up Stand Up\\"; one can't go wrong. On the overall, this is a great & memorable 2 CD release (Great Live Performances) by the late Reggae King, Bob Marley, a highly recommended listening.
0307236722|5.0|I decided to buy this book after flipping through a copy my mother had. I LOVE it! It has beautiful pictures, I would buy this book for the pics alone! The recipes are all yummy (except for the macaron recipe. I'm on the fence about it.)  It's a sturdy substantial book and makes a great basic baking book.
0811806405|5.0|Forget the rest and get the best. Great illustrations and photos and easy to understand text. Also very informative  on the history of the instrument and it's variations. I am a lifelong woodworker and really appreciate this book.You will too.
B0027IG30Y|5.0|Dexter keeps getting better and better. In season one we weren't quite sure what to think of this guy, and characters like the Doakes were a bit too annoying. Dex already had enough adversaries, right? Deb's constant cursing was a bit over the top. Some things just didn't make sense, like - how does this guy keep a full time day job and still have all this time to do his deed, clean up, and spend time with his sister and coworkers - and still get enough sleep to do it all over again the next day?  But all in all, the show was engrossing.  Look past the little flaws and enjoy it for what it is.  Season two goes full force, the writers learned from their mistakes, and everything just seems to flow better. If you're not starting to really fall in love with Dex and the show, you're probably not the type to ever like it.
B002UM5BXW|4.0|I would have given this 5 stars, as I'm really enjoying it. However, the Kindle version is absolutely riddled with typos! Tony would NOT be pleased....
B002C6K7N0|5.0|One of Megadeth's best. While I thought \\"System Has Failed\\" and \\"United Ambitions\\" were good, and a step in the right direction, Mustaine and the boys outdo themselves and make a better album than those 2. Chris Broderick leads are amazing. Best Megadeth guitarist other than Marty Friedman. \\"Endgame\\" is Megadeth's best since \\"Countdown to Extinction\\". It even might be better than \\"Countdown.\\" Definitely check this out...
B0048LPRCS|4.0|It's not as bad as what the critics made out on the cinema release. The idiots who praised the latest Disney rubbish rolled their eyeballs at this and scoffed like intellectual nerds. More likely they were too lazy to actually read about Tibetan ideas and research DMT to come up with a proper review.<br /><br />This film is experimentally unique and well worth watching, but you will need a massive television to appreciate the visuals and, more important, you need to have never watched internet porn to be appreciative of the in-your-face rude bits.<br /><br />The only problem was that it was way too long. Gaspar No&eacute; definitely needed an editor for this one. Also, the unique drugs visual in this film was not exactly a DMT flash and neither was the Tibetan Book of the Dead stuff all that impressive. The DMT visual effects were amazing, but I got bored after a few minutes. From what I have read about DMT, the scene in this film couldn't touch the real DMT experience. (You can watch the scene on You Tube). I reckon the DMT graphics in the movie looked like a Microsoft screen saver. It just kept repeating the same fractal pattern again and again for ten minutes. Also if you read the Tibetan Book of the Dead, then the stuff in that is nothing like the stuff in here.<br /><br />Anyway I'm asking for too much I suppose. The critics also scoffed at the mention of the Tibetan Book of the Dead in this film, by moaning that the philosophy dialogue was stupid and sooo to-the-camera retarded and all that. But I thought the film was really intelligent and well worth a look.
0375413405|5.0|This book is full of amazing recipes and I feel it is the MOST essential in my cookbook collection! Thanks Julia :)  I mastered the omelet, mashed potatoes, asparagus, cakes, etc..I could go on and on! Everything I made was DIVINE!! My husband LOVES all the recipes so much he is ecstatic when he's see me whip it out come dinnertime. This book is great and the price is amazing here at Amazon! BUY IT!!!
B00005JLWN|5.0|This movie made me a Christian Bale fan! I love this movie but could not find it anywhere but on Amazon. Movie was brand new and arrived super fast. Great service.
B0042KZJ46|5.0|I was fortunate to have been at this show. With some friends from Kenyon College we drove 4 hours to Pittsburgh in a small cramped car filled with certain commodities to get us psyched up.<br /><br />Bob put on a terrific show and this album captures it. What memories.<br /><br />The i-Threes opened and I still recall them swaying in time to the music. I recall they did three songs before Bob came out to thunderous applause. He was dancing the entire 90 minutes except for the acoustic Redemption Song which he performed solo and in a laid back manner.<br /><br />Nobody in the audience knew that Bob was sick. His energy level was extremely high and he had total command of the audience.<br /><br />PS - If anyone from the label reads this, I have some great photos from the show. I was shooting with a Nikon Telephoto lens and we were down front for the encore.
B0013ND30M|4.0|I couldn't find it in the stores, but I wanted this movie cuz I watched it as a kid and I want mine to be able to watch it also.
B0002OXVDW|3.0|Film soundtracks used a method called variable area to produce the soundtrack in early films. It wasn't until recent times that the soundtracks improved out of sight right up to Dolby-Digital technology. These used tape recording technology. The soundtracks of the films shown in disks 1 + 2 suffer from this early technology with poor dynamic range but where the films shown on disk 3 come from an era of improved sound recording methods the sound on this disks is mediocre at best.The \\"Heather on the Hill\\" sequence is almost impossible to understand the sound.
B000DWMN2S|5.0|Amazing picture, with interesting characters played by great actors.  About seeking for a sense of self/belonging and redemption from guilt, both stemming from the past.   Beautiful photography and use of colors as well. Perfect soundtrack.  Not to be missed - one of my favorite road movies of all time.
B0014Z4ON4|5.0|My sister and I love this movie! We have it on VHS so I decided to buy her the DVD for Xmas. Movie was brand new and shipping was very fast. Great service!
B0012GMW3Y|5.0|This is one of my favorite Byrds LP's on a few fronts. 1st it shows how resilient they were in the face of inner turmoil. Founding member & co-leader Crosby was sacked during these sessions. They seemed to reinvent themselves as psychedelic country rock pioneers after the pop masterpeice of \\"YTY\\". Notorius is an arguable peak of the band especially in a creative aspect. The songs fade into each other & give this LP a loose \\"concept\\" feel (at least \\"sonically\\"). Clarence White continued to up the anti on the guitar & he would be 1 significant factor making the Byrds as an unbeatable live band. Notorius, has anti-war, freedom-hippie movement themes running through it & its definately appropriate for it's time.  Some of my fave cuts are Artificial Energy, Change is Now, Going Back, Draft Morning, Dolphins Smile, & Old John Robertson.
B003DZX3SA|4.0|I wanted this movie cuz I watched it as a kid and I wanted my kids to be able to watch it also.
0439023513|4.0|Dear Suzanne,<br /><br />I am in love with your story telling. Not only did you captivate me for three whole books now, but I loved each one for a different reason. Concerning the last one, MOCKINGJAY (2010) you've ended this horrifying adventure quite bittersweetly. I didn't know what to expect as I read about Katniss Everdeen being scooped up and hauled off to District 13. I loved hearing about that whole new area that lived quite the opposite of the rest of Panem--under the ground. The rebels waged a war against the Capitol and icky President Snow, which satisfied my own desire to rebel against this unjust and corrupt society. She agrees to be the face of the rebellion as the Mockingjay and I couldn't read it fast enough.<br /><br />Katniss never ceased to surprise me. She is strong and wild. I had no idea what she would do next and enjoyed her unexpected actions. Her life never seemed to be her own and, under the circumstances, much of what she did was realistic yet sometimes crazy.<br /><br />Thank you for this traumatic trilogy. It scared me, made me hungry, paranoid and tired (from staying up all hours to read.) It was an excellent read!<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Heatheraine Trim<br /><br />Rating:<br />4. A very good read. For the entire series I'd rate it at a 4. It lives up to the hype and I'm glad to share that Suzanne has written the screen play of the first book Hunger Games and they start filming in 2011! Yay! Hopefully Catching Fire won't be too far behind.
B0049GYXDG|3.0|I'm a little confused.  The product details for the Blu-ray version given by Amazon indicate an aspect ratio of 1.85:1 for this 1951 film of Walt Disney's \\"Alice in Wonderland.\\"  Is this correct?  This aspect ratio wasn't initiated until 1954.  This 1951 movie would have played in theaters with the then standard aspect ratio of 1.37:1.  Did the Disney company crop the frame to get it to fit 1.85:1?  I wouldn't put it past them.  In my opinion the Disney company, these days, will do anything for a dollar.     That being said, this has always been my favorite feature length (only 75 minutes) Disney animated feature and for one reason:  It is funny!  This can't be said for the general run of Disney animated features which are are alternately cute, frightening or sad.  \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" has zany backgrounds and wonderful voices provided by many great radio performers of the time:  Ed Wynn, Jerry Colonna, Verna Felton, Bill Thompson, Sterling Holloway and the like.  How would anyone not like a cartoon feature with those voices?  I never understood the negative response this film originally received other than that it wasn't what Disney fans had expected.   It makes dream references that are very accurate.  It begins at day, innocently enough, and gradually turns to night with Alice alone and lost in the forest.  I've had many similar dreams which turn from day to night while I'm trying to find my car which has disappeared.      This is not a review of the Blu-ray version of this picture;  I have what is called the Masterpiece Edition which was beautifully processed and done in the films's original aspect ratio or close to it.  Since these are line drawn cartoons, I'm not at all certain that the Blu-ray process could provide much additional visual data.
B000W93CXQ|5.0|This book is amazing. It is well written with a good plot, easy story transition, and dives into a subject not many want to hear about. The storyline is compelling, you are hooked from the start. As you hear thirteen reasons why, you wonder if suicide is not just comitted by radicals who are angry at everything, but by good people who are tormented by us whether we realize it or not.  Thirteen Reasons Why is not light reading, but is still one of the best books I have read.
B001VNB54A|5.0|A wonderful companion set to Band of Brothers that brings out the truth of combat as well as a movie can I guess. It is different than Band of Brothers in that it focuses on a few main characters who fought in different campaigns at different times. These men were, however, linked one to another by friendships during or before the war. So as one man's duty may end, another's begins or continues on, so there is always a familiar face to follow from one battle or episode to the next. I have watched the series twice now and saw much more in it the 2nd time around. Not only in the actual scenes themselves, but also in the feelings and emotions each character was displaying. I believe the actors did a wonderful job of honoring the men they were attempting to portray. I would recommend this series to anyone who wants to get a very personal view of what it was like for the 1st Division Marines in the Pacific theater.  This series made me want to read the books that it is based on, and I have read 3 of these personal memoirs to date. The books by Sledge, Phillips and Leicke are all excellent, and I am starting Burgin's now.
0743496728|4.0|I enjoyed almost  every minute of reading this book.  It is an interesting topic, made real with understandable emotions.  I was really engaged reading this book.  I highly recomend it.
0143118420|1.0|What is all the hype around EAT PRAY LOVE by Elizabeth Gilbert (2007), especially now that there is a movie based the book? I had to dip my toes into this international phenomenon and find out for myself. It's a memoir about her life after a messy divorce and a sticky rebound-relationship falls apart. She's floundering as many women do after such emotional trauma. What is different about Elizabeth Gilbert is that she packs her bags and chooses three countries in which to soul search: Italy, India, and Indonesia.<br /><br />She begins her year journey seeking pleasure in Italy, primarily through the foods in this delicious country. Yes, there is beauty to behold in the architecture, but she went with the intentions of indulging herself in the pleasures of taste on her \\"no carb left behind\\" diet. Her silly anecdotes made me laugh out loud and one can't help but be encouraged to live free of calorie counting. But this fun-loving section draws to a close and she dives into a deeper, more difficult section to read.<br /><br />India was her place of seeking a higher power through prayer and meditation. I think it is wonderful when someone realizes their life needs to change and they seek out a sense of wholeness to their obvious brokenness. But sadly Gilbert goes down a path of mystical, New Age meditation. I found out only after the fact that it is called a \\"coming-of-New-Age\\" memoir. This entire section pained me to watch her put so much effort into something so cultish. She's seeking out God and goes to a guru? Weird. She doesn't intend to impress religious matters upon people, but the amount of information she poured into the second section about \\"god\\" and meditation says the opposite. She's giving a first person account to life at an Ashram in India and eventually by the end of the book says that she was praying to her future self? This section was disappointing to say the least even though she may have found some inner peace.<br /><br />In her pursuit of balance in Indonesia, she visited with an old medicine man. She also discovers that Bali isn't all that balanced itself and seems to have only brought her life back into the circle of losing herself in another relationship. But you can congratulate her because, from the sounds of it, she doesn't disregard her wants and desires for the needs of another male companion. For that I can appreciate her soul searching journey. She found herself in her travels and kept being that person even after she committed to a love affair. It's the \\"Runaway Bride\\" finally realizing she can like her own kind of eggs.<br /><br />I'd rate this book at 1: Poor. Waste of good reading time. I'm glad I borrowed it from the library instead of buying it. She really didn't give enough of a description of each country to make me want to get out there and travel. The entirety of the book is told as if from a chatty, silly friend who likes to drop the F-bomb and talk about her weaknesses, depression, and insecurities.<br /><br />[...]ith an old medicine man. She also discovers that Bali isn't all that balanced itself and seems to have only brought her life back into the circle of losing herself in another relationship. But you can congratulate her because, from the sounds of it, she doesn't disregard her wants and desires for the needs of another male companion. For that I can appreciate her soul searching journey. She found herself in her travels and kept being that person even after she committed to a love affair. It's the \\"Runaway Bride\\" finally realizing she can like her own kind of eggs.     I'd rate this book at 1: Poor. Waste of good reading time. I'm glad I borrowed it from the library instead of buying it. She really didn't give enough of a description of each country to make me want to get out there and travel. The entirety of the book is told as if from a chatty, silly friend who likes to drop the F-bomb and talk about her weaknesses, depression, and insecurities.    [...]
B0030Y11XS|5.0|thank you
1595141715|5.0|13 Reasons Why is labeled suspenseful realistic fiction by it's author.  It's gotten numerous awards including Quick Picks for Reluctant Readers.  I first read about this book at Fluidity of Time  back in August.  I knew I wanted to read it, but I put it on the back burner.  It's kind of a heavy topic.  But as the months have gone by, my interest has grown.  I doubted that a man would understand a teenage girl enough to empathize with her and whatever problems he gave her to express her feelings  in a way that was realistic.I think men don't tend to get feelings, certainly not the up and down feelings of a lonely teenage girl trying to fit in with an undeserved reputation.  But I was wrong.  Maybe Jay Asher has emotions that he's not afraid to get in touch with because he wrote about Hannah's feelings perfectly.  It wasn't overly emotional and in the end she took the blame for taking her life, but Mr. Asher is meticulous in pointing out where things started going wrong, how it made Hannah feel and then it took on what Hannah called, \\"the snowball affect.\\"<br /><br />Hannah was new to town and she kissed a boy.  And that was it.  And from then on her life was irrevocably changed.  The boy said they did more.  The rumors became more true than the truth and her life was effected by that one little lie.  And then another lie on top of it.  And more things happened and because it was easier to believe the lies than the truth she lost friends and Clay, the boy telling the story is too scared to ask her out because she's more experienced than him.  But he's not sure that's true, because there are only rumors.<br /><br />Clay comes home from school and finds this box leaning against the door addressed to him, no return address.  He opens it up and finds cassette tapes inside numbered and lettered.  Clay isn't even sure he has anything to listen to a cassette tape on until he remembers his father's tape player on his workbench in the garage.  He starts listening to Hannah's voice and rejects the idea that he should have received these tapes.  It's a prank.  Someone else should have gotten them until she says something that makes him certain he's on the list.  The rules are simple.  Listen and pass them on.  Clay agonizingly listens to them and talks to her in his head.  He finds out things he didn't know.  Things he would have done to help her.  He swipes a Walkman from his friend's car so he can wander the streets and listen to the tapes.  He goes through a whole range of emotions.  It's truly heartbreaking to see him go through these tapes alone waiting to find out why he is on them and then when he is on them, it's even more heartbreaking.  But he listens to the end.  And it gets so much worse.  At one point he has to vomit, his emotions are so unbearable.  The next morning, he sends the tapes on to the next person, having not slept all night.  Then he heads to school.  He feels awful for sending the tapes, but he sends them anyway.  At school though, there is a girl, a girl he used to have a crush on.  And she's completely withdrawn and changed from the way she used to be.  He sees her in the hallway, does he get involved or does he go to class, he's already late.  The teacher has seen him.  You have to read the book to find out what happens.<br /><br />This novel was flawless in the emotions of the characters.  Hannah started out happy and you could see the hope and you heard her voice through the tapes and you felt Clay's emotions and those of some other characters that interacted with him during his wanderings and each one felt real and genuine for that character.  I thought Clay was strong even though he was vulnerable, showing his emotions, crying, reliving her moments on the tapes.  And you could see Hannah slowly going into depression on the tapes, almost as if she had started recording them when she was happy and then progressively her mood deteriorated.  Everyone let her down.  The final let down, was the worst.  She saidthe words and he still let her go.  The last person to get those tapes will be  the most devastated, but we never see that.  But once you read it, you'll understand why.  In the end, there is barely a mention of how she died, the focus is more on her state of  mind.<br /><br />I think there should be several copies of this on every middle and senior high school book shelf in English classes as well as the libraries.  It brings up a very difficult subject, and addresses it in a non preachy, non depressing way.  The message basically says, \\"I would have helped you if you'd only asked for it, or if I had only known.\\"  Our young adults and middle graders need to know that there are people that are ready to help them.  Mr. Asher puts the numbers of help lines in the book.  He also answers some questions about format and how he came up with the idea for the book in the back.  He almost lost a friend to suicide when he was younger.  It also mentions some of the warning signs of what to look for when you think someone is going to commit suicide.  I do not think this novel will spur anyone on to commit suicide.  I think it will nudge them to seek help.<br /><br />There is a rape scene in it, but it is not graphic.  And another rape scene with a few more details.  So maybe for 8th graders and up.  I don't remember bad language.let her go.  The last person to get those tapes will be  the most devastated, but we never see that.  But once you read it, you'll understand why.  In the end, there is barely a mention of how she died, the focus is more on her state of  mind.    I think there should be several copies of this on every middle and senior high school book shelf in English classes as well as the libraries.  It brings up a very difficult subject, and addresses it in a non preachy, non depressing way.  The message basically says, \\"I would have helped you if you'd only asked for it, or if I had only known.\\"  Our young adults and middle graders need to know that there are people that are ready to help them.  Mr. Asher puts the numbers of help lines in the book.  He also answers some questions about format and how he came up with the idea for the book in the back.  He almost lost a friend to suicide when he was younger.  It also mentions some of the warning signs of what to look for when you think someone is going to commit suicide.  I do not think this novel will spur anyone on to commit suicide.  I think it will nudge them to seek help.    There is a rape scene in it, but it is not graphic.  And another rape scene with a few more details.  So maybe for 8th graders and up.  I don't remember bad language.
B0045U9WPU|5.0|First, I have to say that Oliver is a major new voice in American literature, not just dystopian or fantasy literature, but the kind of art that wins Pulitzers. As I read, I thought of Roth and Atwood. The writing is excellent, beautiful. The plot is astounding as a scalpel with which she slices in to the heart of humanity. She speaks of evil like Hitler, like Rwanda, and she brings it to my home, actually to where I live, Maine. I have to doubt whether I can do her writing justice.<br /><br />I cannot imagine a concept more foreign to a contemporary denizen of Western Civilization than Love being declared a disease, amor deliria nervosa, and all of society re-ordered upon this premise. A Handmaids Tale meets Strange New World meets the Berlin Wall; Lauren Oliver's new novel, Delirium, is haunting, poignant, cautionary and beautifully written.<br /><br />One need only look into the twentieth century to understand how such a thing could happen. But to imagine Love, our highest ideal, being seen as the root of all evil, of sickness, death, danger and despair. To imagine this disease requires all citizens to live within a proscribed set of rules controlling social interactions and, on turning eighteen to be forced to have a sort of lobotomy that removes the ability to feel almost anything--not just romantic love, but platonic love and affection and parental love too, plus, apparently, interest in anything at all,  well that is just something that is nearly impossible for me, and I suspect, most, to wrap our mental constructs around. And, to have a society totally restrictive in all ways from what you read, to music, and to whom you marry, would be like having all the sun, laughter and joy in life go out the window. The procedure even regulates what one thinks and feels.,<br /><br />For me as a resident of the area where the story occurs it is a terribly poignant tale that made me sad, teary, depressed and nauseated all at once. It was hard for me to read it because there seemed, for most of the book, to be no hope, no upside.<br /><br />The main character is Lena, about to graduate from high school, turn 18 and be evaluated, cured and told what to do and who to marry. She has a tragic past and because of this is an obedient citizen. It is also because of her past, and some friends, that she begins to question authority. Lena is sweet and fierce in both of her political stances. She is afraid, and brave and strong. Her friend Hana is rich, beautiful, cavalier and a bit of a loose cannon, and the young man she meets, Alex, is loving, caring, loyal, and handsome.<br /><br />Oliver apparently lived in the Greater Portland region of Maine aat least for a part of the time while she was writing the book and her research and attention to detail is outstanding. I have lived in one of the neighborhoods she uses and know of a rope swing where she says it should be. While the blurb above says it is a contemporary, alternate reality, I felt it was somewhat in the future as gas is so costly that cars have become lawn ornaments for all but the very rich. Actually, a car as a lawn ornament is rather common in rural Maine but not in the City of Portland.<br /><br />Seeing Maine, a place I absolutely adore (although not so much at this moment because it is totally freezing), become this hellish, abusive, humiliating, soul-sucking place perhaps makes me think harder about this than I would have if I didn't live here.  Maine is beautiful, real, human, and the Portland area is remarkably tolerant. But, I don't think I'll ever see it the same way. I do wish animal cruelty hadn't been part of the story, as I can't even watch cartoons in which fictitious species are superficially hurt.<br /><br />This book is rated as appropriate for 14 and up, but I just don't know many kids who would not be deeply affected by it.  I don't mean affected in just a thoughtful or thought-provoking way but in a depression-inducing way. I would not have a 14-17 year-old read this without reading it first and making a judgment about his/her maturity. If it were merely horror, or violent in the way of thrillers, I think it would be easier for a teen to read. But it goes beyond mere physical violence to truly touch the core of the type of cruelty and evil with which humans can treat each other; the worst of us. It is scary, and Oliver's talent makes the fear Lena feels tangible. Whether a 14 year-old is ready to confront this is ultimately up to his or her parent. There are minor sexual overtones and some mention of nudity but no worse than teens see on HBO.<br /><br />While this book is brilliant and speaks to the indomitable spirit of humanity and the ability for love and freedom to overcome tyranny, it is not without brutal sacrifice and terrible grief. The victory of the spirit in the bleak circumstances of this society is worthwhile, and that, along with its author's virtuosity, make it a worthy, and thoughtful experience for readers with a degree of maturity.<br /><br />Writing, plot and character development are superb, seriously, Oliver's writing is amazing and destined to for great things. I think the publisher made the rating too young for the material.d this without reading it first and making a judgment about his/her maturity. If it were merely horror, or violent in the way of thrillers, I think it would be easier for a teen to read. But it goes beyond mere physical violence to truly touch the core of the type of cruelty and evil with which humans can treat each other; the worst of us. It is scary, and Oliver's talent makes the fear Lena feels tangible. Whether a 14 year-old is ready to confront this is ultimately up to his or her parent. There are minor sexual overtones and some mention of nudity but no worse than teens see on HBO.<br /><br />While this book is brilliant and speaks to the indomitable spirit of humanity and the ability for love and freedom to overcome tyranny, it is not without brutal sacrifice and terrible grief. The victory of the spirit in the bleak circumstances of this society is worthwhile, and that, along with its author's virtuosity, make it a worthy, and thoughtful experience for readers with a degree of maturity.<br /><br />Writing, plot and character development are superb, seriously, Oliver's writing is amazing and destined to for great things. I think the publisher made the rating too young for the material.
0061726826|5.0|Delirium is set in a futuristic United States where love is seen as a disease. When its citizens turn 18 years old, they undergo a surgery that eradicates love so that they will live a life free of its pains, troubles and stresses. Lena's mother succumbed to the disease amor deliria nervosa (aka love) when she was very young and eventually committed suicide leaving behind Lena and her sister Rachel. Lena didn't want to end up like her mom and had been counting the days until she will get her operation and be cured from the disease just like her sister. Then, about three months before her operation she meets and is inevitably drawn to Alex who is unlike anyone she had ever met. Soon good girl Lena is breaking the rules and questioning everything she had ever believed in.<br /><br />I am not going to go into what the book is about any deeper because it'll be a bit spoiler-y and I kind of suck at reiterating the plot but I very much enjoyed Delirium. I really liked Lena, our first person narrator, who really grew and pretty much did a one eighty by end of the book. She started meek, obedient and doing everything to please her aunt. It was great watching her come to her own, become more confident and stronger. As for Alex, I felt for and fell in love with him along with Lena. He's a wonderful hero--nice, steady, strong and perfect for her. Sigh. You root for these two to find a way to be together and have their happily ever after. Besides Lena and Alex, another character I liked was Lena's best friend Hana. I loved their friendship; Hana was the kind of best friend you want for your heroine. She was there for Lena and when Alex came in the picture, she was there for him too and wasn't putting doubts or causing more problems for them. I'm usually annoyed with the \\"best friend\\" character in young adult novels but Hana wasn't annoying. One of my favorite scenes was actually one with Lena and Hana when Lena was trying to tell her goodbye almost near the end of the book. It almost made me cry.<br /><br />Delirium was my first book by Lauren Oliver and I'm very impressed (I am definitely picking up her other title Before I Fall very soon). I admit there were some slow parts in the first half of the book and I didn't quite buy the whole no more love thing but ultimately it's a fantastic, thought-provoking, emotional read. I thought the writing was really good, very lyrical. It took me a while to finish it because I was (and still am) suffering from an untimely reading slump but when I did--well, it's one of those books that after turning that last page you just have to lay still for a bit and absorb and reflect on what you just read. This book definitely makes you think, it puts you in Lena's shoes and feel her fears, doubts, confusion and the wonder and euphoria she felt as she fell in love. This book was filled with wonderful descriptions with many quotable passages. The next book in the series cannot come soon enough. There were many unanswered questions and while the ending wasn't one of those \\"I feel cheated\\" type of cliffhangers, it is a cliffhanger and, like the other reviews said, a bittersweet one at that.<br /><br />**I'm actually giving it 4.5 out of 5 stars but it was so good I'm rounding up to 5 stars in the ratings.ade me cry.    Delirium was my first book by Lauren Oliver and I'm very impressed (I am definitely picking up her other title Before I Fall very soon). I admit there were some slow parts in the first half of the book and I didn't quite buy the whole no more love thing but ultimately it's a fantastic, thought-provoking, emotional read. I thought the writing was really good, very lyrical. It took me a while to finish it because I was (and still am) suffering from an untimely reading slump but when I did--well, it's one of those books that after turning that last page you just have to lay still for a bit and absorb and reflect on what you just read. This book definitely makes you think, it puts you in Lena's shoes and feel her fears, doubts, confusion and the wonder and euphoria she felt as she fell in love. This book was filled with wonderful descriptions with many quotable passages. The next book in the series cannot come soon enough. There were many unanswered questions and while the ending wasn't one of those \\"I feel cheated\\" type of cliffhangers, it is a cliffhanger and, like the other reviews said, a bittersweet one at that.     **I'm actually giving it 4.5 out of 5 stars but it was so good I'm rounding up to 5 stars in the ratings.
0307454541|1.0|*SPOILER ALERT*<br /><br />THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO by Steig Larsson (published in Sweden 2005, translated 2009) threw me for a loop. I thought it was going to be a straight up thriller, murder mystery. I was shocked to read sex crime after sex crime. The cover only said it was about Mikael Blomkvist, a once-respected financial journalist, whose professional life falls apart. He gets an offer to research the disappearance of a Swedish industrialists neice that happened 40 years prior. He reluctantly accepts and eventually (halfway through the book) hires Lisbeth Slander (tattoo girl.)<br /><br />I'm confused at why the title is as such when Lisbeth is a secondary character. But also the above blurb doesn't warn you that Lisbeth is molested and raped. It also doesn't warn you that as Blomkvist is reasearching a murderer and uncovers a rapist. Can I get an \\"ew\\" from the crowd please? I would have liked some sense of warning that I was walking into that one.<br /><br />This book was mentally paining because the author (may he rest in peace) gives endless descriptions about the industry of Sweden, the inner workings of the government mediator program that Lisbeth is in and other such boring details that made me want to skip the mess and get on with the story.<br /><br />Oddly enough, there was too much info about stupid stuff and not enough info about the characters themselves. He lacked in the human description area and when he finally got around to telling me that Blomkvist had blonde hair the hung in his eyes, I was confused and trying to change my mental picture for the rest of the book.<br /><br />The only thing I liked in this entire book was the characterization of Lisbeth. She's the only one who was described to the gills, not just with narrative but by her actions. The woman hardly talked, yet I loved her boldness and ability to not put up with crap. (If you've read it, you know what I mean!! High five on the tattooing, right?)<br /><br />Okay, I'm done slamming, sorry, not my favorite book. And no, I will not be cracking open the sequels... I just can't deal with sex crimes. I rate it at a 1. Poor: A ridiculous waste of valuable time. (I didn't really want to finish the book but I'm addicted to stories and I was previewing it for a book club.o, I will not be cracking open the sequels... I just can't deal with sex crimes. I rate it at a 1. Poor: A ridiculous waste of valuable time. (I didn't really want to finish the book but I'm addicted to stories and I was previewing it for a book club.
0061726826|2.0|Most reviewers have mentioned Lauren Oliver's beautiful writing, and it really is beautiful. She writes like seasoned pro.  I read her sentences and thought that here is a woman who was truly born to write.<br /><br />But, as beautifully constructed the sentences may have been, they added up to a story that just didn't do it for me. I personally gravitate more toward the faster-paced books. I like to be grabbed by a story immediately. Delirium is definitely not a fast-paced book. At over four hundred pages and only the introductory part of a projected trilogy, the pacing of this story is, perhaps expectedly, sloooow. I felt every one of those 400+ pages.<br /><br />The entire story follows Lena as she very gradually comes to terms with the realities of her dystopian world. This is to be expected. It is the first book in a dystopian trilogy, so naturally the first book is the \\"awakening\\" part of the story. It may just be me, but I often find these books boring. I want to get to the action! I want to see the main character fight against the dystopian society. I don't want to spend an entire book watching them hesitate back and forth between the-world-is-good/the-world-is-bad when I the reader already know the world is definitely bad (hey, it's a dystopian!).<br /><br />Especially when they do this over the course of 400+ pages. Despite the fact that the writing is beautiful to read, I felt like screaming at Lena to figure it out already. There wasn't any question that Lena would eventually turn against her society (she has to; there would be nothing to write in the rest of the trilogy if she just went along with things), so it was especially frustrating to spend so much time reading about her indecision. I also had a hard time liking and connecting with Lena as a result of this.<br /><br />While there were a few truly shocking and notable scenes (particularly the spectacular ending!), by the end of the book, we know very little that we didn't already know from the jacket description. I just don't think that should be the case in such a lengthy book. To me, that indicates that the book could have been shortened considerably, and I think I would have enjoyed this book more if that had been the case.<br /><br />My other quibble is that as a dystopian, this one didn't hold up for me. I've been around the block when it comes to dystopians, and unfortunately Delirium just didn't have what it takes to meet my criteria for an impressive dystopian. What makes the great dystopians (1984, The Lord of the Flies, Brave New World, Utopia, etc) so poignant is that they don't just imagine a horrible society that is possible, but they connect it to what is happening right now. The propaganda, government surveillance, and silencing of dissent found in 1984 weren't just terrifying because they could happen. They were terrifying because they were already happening and they were well within human nature to happen as he wrote.<br /><br />1984 simply took what already was and expanded it by giving it new technological outlets and imagining how what is currently happening could evolve if given just a slight nudge and just a tiny bit more time. Those connections were drawn with startling clarity. The reader could see the progression exactly and that progression was not only clear, but also completely believable. You're left with warnings of not only what to keep an eye out for in the future, but what you should be looking for going on around you right now. This is what makes a dystopian so scary and effective.<br /><br />I found this feature lacking in Delirium. I didn't feel like I really understood how the society went from where we are now to where things were in Lena's world. No connections were really drawn to what is happening now, so I felt very disconnected from the world Oliver created. I also can't imagine an entire society of people willingly undergoing brain surgery to become, effectively, lobotomized just so they no longer feel love. Why would someone do that? I wouldn't do that. Would you do that?<br /><br />I could understand something like the premise of the movie The Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind where people would willingly give up select painful memories, but to deny oneself the entire possibility and experience of love? Forever? It sounds like this was a government-speared progression, but I don't understand why the government would want this. What are they gaining? Why did they go about gaining whatever it is they wanted in this manner? I could probably think up some possible reasons on my own, but the problem is that Lauren Oliver didn't provide any.<br /><br />I just have a very difficult time understanding why and how a society would choose to develop in that direction and Oliver's explanations were not adequate enough for me in this regard. Giving the benefit of the doubt, this may be explained further in the second and third books as Lena discovers more about her world. This would be helpful, but for me it would be a little too late. It makes sense that she would discover more truths as time went on, but I would have benefited from more of a foundation earlier on so I could better envision the world.<br /><br />Finally, I did not connect with the characters or the romance between Lena and Alex. I understood it, and it was, thankfully, not the immediate love-at-first-sight type of romance. But I was never captivated by it. I didn't care if they kissed, I wasn't pulling for their relationship to succeed, and I just never felt that squee-inducing something.  I can't put my finger on why. Maybe it was because I was frustrated with Lena. Maybe it was because, while he was nice, Alex wasn't someone who captured my interest. He didn't make me swoon.<br /><br />Overall, I liked this book well enough, but it didn't capture me and I may not read the sequels. I've seen so many positively glowing reviews for this book, so it seems I am definitely in the minority. In fact, I think I've only read one or two four star reviews and nothing lower than that. I'd say if you think the premise sounds appealing to you and you don't mind a slower-paced book then give this one a try.Otherwise, if you're like me, you may find this book a little tedious with too much investment of time and not enough payout.<br /><br />I received a complimentary copy of the book in exchange for an honest review. This in no way influenced my review.
B0036EH3U2|5.0|forget the fact that it's sci-fi, this is possibly the best TV from the last few years.  it delves deeply into really interesting subjects from the point of view of both the \\"goodies\\" and the \\"badies\\":     discussing:     -torture  -suicide bombing  -do we have any particular right to survival?  -what does god or the god(s) think of us?    and of course the run of mill subjects like: life, death, love, betrayal and of course lots of lots of fighting.    throw in sexy people all round and you can't but want for more!
B003UESJH4|5.0|The film \\"The King's Speech\\" is wonderfully absorbing, and absolutely deserves all of 12 nominations for the Academy Awards. I went to see it after it has been universally praised as one of the best films from the last year, and I expected it to be good. I just did not expect it to be that good. One would think, why a film about the speech problems of the British prince from 80 years ago, who suddenly becomes the King of England, attracts the viewers, makes them care for the main character, and remains in memory days after it is over? One of the reasons - the starring performance of Colin Firth. This is his personal best performance and the best performance by an actor from the year 2010. It is truly memorable. He was able to show a tormented man who was born close to throne but was not supposed to become a King and emperor due to his status of the second King's son. But he had accepted the King's responsibilities after his father died and his older brother, Edward VIII abdicated the throne to marry the woman he loved. Prince Berti, the Duke of York had in him what it takes to be a great ruler but he could not communicate it to the people because he suffered from the terrible case of stutter when he had to give the public speeches. We see Prince \\"Bertie\\", later - King George VI, as the man who goes through the wide spectrum of emotions, struggling with all sorts of problems and insecurities. The film is based on the true story of the Duke of York, later King George VI, and his meeting with an unorthodox eccentric speech therapist - failed Australian actor Lionel Logue who may not have had the proper credentials but who knew from the experience and long practice how to find the root of the problem and to help his patients.<br /><br />The chemistry between Firth and Jeffrey Rush is simply masterful; both actors make their characters and developing of the unlikely friendship between the King and the commoner believable and totally absorbing. By the time, the King George VI has to give the historical speech on the radio declaring the war on the Nazi Germany, we are totally engrossed in the story and feel how crucial it must be that in the days preceding the ordeal for the whole country, people of England would hear the words of confidence and understanding from their King. When Lionel tells the King just before the recording of the nine minutes speech: \\"Talk to me, tell it to me as your friend\\", I knew that I was watching the best film of the year. The final scene brought to memory another scene from many years ago, the scene that I consider the top of acting and emotional impact, with Daniel Day Lewis in Jim Sheridan's My Left Foot, playing the man who was born with the cerebral palsy and whose body was paralyzed with the exception for his left foot. In the scene that I recall, Day Lewis's character picked up a chalk and started to write a word on the floor. When he finished writing that one word, I knew that I had witnessed not one but three triumphs - the triumph of a human will and spirit, the triumph of the cinema which was able to capture the moment on the film, and the triumph of an actor who did not act but who became the character. It's been many years since I saw My Left Foot and I don't remember experiencing the similar feeling until last Saturday, when I watched a triumphant final to the best film of the year, The King's Speech.<br /><br />Emotional, funny, old-fashioned in the very good sense of the word, The King's Speech is a success of moviemaking. There are so many great aspects to the film that make it very special among the ten very deserving nominees for Best Picture of the year. They are the subtle directing, heartfelt music score, watercolor delicate cinematography, painstakingly recreated realities of the time when England as well as the whole world was on the brink of the devastating war. What make the film enjoyable for many viewers of the different tastes, ages, and preferences, are the masterful combination of historical realism, emotional drama and the elements of the best English comedy. The scenes of speech sessions between Bertie and Lionel were reminiscent, intentionally or not, to the scenes between Henry Higgins and Eliza Doolittle. The King's Speech is also a love story, or rather two love stories, about two princes who both found the loves of their lives. In case of David, the first born and the heir to the throne, he chose to be with the woman he loved even if it cost him the royal crown. Bertie fell in love with the girl who at the time was considered the \\"commoner\\" and who had declined his proposal twice being \\"afraid never, never again to be free to think, speak and act as I feel I really ought to\\". Once accepted, she became the loving wife and mother to their two daughters, his loyal friend, confidant, and supporter. Helena Bonham Carter is very convincing as Duchess of York, later Queen consort Elizabeth. In one of her interviews, the actress said that, \\"...she (Elizabeth) was definitely a tower of strength, and everyone says that Bertie could not have been King without her.\\" I certainly got this feeling from the film.<br /><br />The King's Speech has become one of my very favorite films from last year. it has everything to be loved and admired by the viewers: its story is compelling, moving with the perfect balance of poignant, uplifting, and humorous; the details of the epoch are recreated lovingly and precisely, but most importantly, it is a wonderfully told story of a human condition, of one man who wanted to overcome the obstacles on the way to accomplish his mission as the ruler able to reach out to the millions of people in the speeches that would make all the difference, and how love and support from his Queen, and the friendship, understanding and willing to listen from a \\"commoner\\" helped him to do so.cal realism, emotional drama and the elements of the best English comedy. The scenes of speech sessions between Bertie and Lionel were reminiscent, intentionally or not, to the scenes between Henry Higgins and Eliza Doolittle. The King's Speech is also a love story, or rather two love stories, about two princes who both found the loves of their lives. In case of David, the first born and the heir to the throne, he chose to be with the woman he loved even if it cost him the royal crown. Bertie fell in love with the girl who at the time was considered the \\"commoner\\" and who had declined his proposal twice being \\"afraid never, never again to be free to think, speak and act as I feel I really ought to\\". Once accepted, she became the loving wife and mother to their two daughters, his loyal friend, confidant, and supporter. Helena Bonham Carter is very convincing as Duchess of York, later Queen consort Elizabeth. In one of her interviews, the actress said that, \\"...she (Elizabeth) was definitely a tower of strength, and everyone says that Bertie could not have been King without her.\\" I certainly got this feeling from the film.     The King's Speech has become one of my very favorite films from last year. it has everything to be loved and admired by the viewers: its story is compelling, moving with the perfect balance of poignant, uplifting, and humorous; the details of the epoch are recreated lovingly and precisely, but most importantly, it is a wonderfully told story of a human condition, of one man who wanted to overcome the obstacles on the way to accomplish his mission as the ruler able to reach out to the millions of people in the speeches that would make all the difference, and how love and support from his Queen, and the friendship, understanding and willing to listen from a \\"commoner\\" helped him to do so.
0385341679|5.0|This book was excellent.  The entire Fever series was great, and this book was the icing on the cake.  Don't miss it!
0439023491|4.0|THE HUNGER GAMES second installment called CATCHING FIRE by Suzanne Collins (2009) has really got me hooked on this series. It is separated into three parts: Katniss and Peeta take their mandatory victory Tour around the 12 districts of Panem, the preparation for next Hunger Games, and another game played quickly, smartly and strategically that drives you to keep flipping the page.<br /><br />After reading the first book, I just thought it was a cool story. This second book brought me deeper into the characters. I care a lot more for them now. Katniss is developed even more. Even though she is a confused, emotional teenager, she at least makes some sort of choice, even though she can't act on it yet. I'm thrilled there is a third book. Bring it on!!<br /><br />This book gives a better look at the dystopia that is Panem. (dystopia=opposite of utopia) It was hard to read about this terrible nation that uses their people like slaves and punishes them like dogs. It was most of the reason I didn't like the first book much--to oppressive. But there is hope in this book. I like hope.<br /><br />So I'd have to say this book surprised me in its overall plot. I expected something else entirely. I'm rating CATCHING FIRE at a 4: Very Good: A very good choice to read. What I'm saying is that the hype is right... great story... great ending hook... I need more!
0618918248|5.0|The God Delusion is a very fascinating and thought-provoking book that tackles the question of why people in this modern age still believe in deities. This book does more to explore and begin to answer that question than any I've read. The God Delusion clearly states philosophical and cogent arguments against the canon of proofs for God's existence     The author is a scientist and approaches his subject matter from scientist point of view by employing scientific data to refute the existence of God and providing evidence countering claims put forth by religious leaders. Richard Dawkins begins making the case for rational atheism by listing a number of reasons that people give for needing religion; society needs to give us a moral framework, religion gives life a purpose, religious people contribute good to society. Dawkins then takes each one in turn and makes a valid and logical rebuttal of the argument that faith and religion is a necessary component of morality. He does indeed prove that not only are most non-believers moral people, but it's religion that has always been the true source of many evil and immoral acts.    Dawkins writes in a clear, concise, and readable manner and I highly recommend The God Delusion to anyone interested in philosophy, evolution, and the psychology of religion. Although this book will not likely sway true believers, it opens the doorway to those with an open mind to take an honest look at their beliefs and gives us all, believers and non-believers alike, something to think about.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|I haven't seen Let Me In in 3 and a half months since I saw it in theaters, so a lot of what I remember is vague but the movie still haunts me. I'm not going to attempt to go into detail since it's been so long, I probably wouldn't be able to do it justice anyway. There are many reviews here who explain it more than well enough.    I haven't see the original or read the book, but I was definitely blown away by this movie. It was beautiful, intriguing, and just as much disturbing. I was totally taken aback by this after I had to get up and leave the theater - I pretty much didn't know what to do with myself.    It is so raw and simple and touching, especially with the theme of good and evil, love, innocence, the basic and painful need for companionship, and the lengths someone will go to in order to support the person they care most about.    My husband is what I have come to call \\"emotionally retarded (although he has gotten better over the years),\\" and I am ready for him to see this movie. I am really excited to be able to own it on DVD. In fact, I don't believe I have ever really been this ready to own a movie before.    My only qualm is when the vampire action comes around it ended up being too \\"animated,\\" and ended up being cheesy and hokey to me. That really kind of offput me but I still give this movie 5 stars.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is a great workout. It's challenging but still very doable.     I started out at around 120-5 lbs at 5'2\\". I play basketball often, so I was already in shape when I started this dvd.   As for results, I didn't lose any weight, but I noticed a small reduction in body fat percentage around my midsection and arms. I went from wearing a medium tank top to a small.     My endurance went up and I have a stronger body. I'm on 6 week 6 pack now (another Jillian dvd) and doing Shred beforehand really helped me.     If your goal is to not be weak, then this is your dvd!
B002JT69NC|5.0|I used to have this on VHS, but I just got it on Bluray. This movie is so awesome. It's a phenomenal cast, great writing. It's fun and cool. I'd say this is the best teen horror movie to come out in the last thirty years. Yeah. Cause it's that awesome. Plus, it has one of the last songs Layne Staley (of Alice in Chains) ever recorded. So that's pretty cool, too. I love Kevin Williamson and Robert Rodriguez, and they were amazingly together.
0061726826|5.0|Delirium takes place in a world where love is considered a disease called amor deliria nervosa. When Lena, the novel's protagonist, was younger, her mother killed herself because she had been infected with the disease. Upon turning eighteen, all citizens are required to have an operation that removes a person's ability to love from their brains, successfully \\"curing\\" them. Lena can't wait for her birthday, which is right around the corner. All her life, people have worried that she was more susceptible to the disease because of her mother and she's desperate to prove them wrong. Everything changes the day she meets Alex. Their relationship resembles that of star-crossed lovers Romeo and Juliet as Lena begins experiencing signs of the deliria and realizes that there is more to life than what the government allows.<br /><br />Oliver is a strong writer who vividly builds a frightening future for her characters. Scenes are emotionally-charged in such a way, readers can't help becoming invested in what will happen. The characters are fully fleshed out and their interaction with one another feels natural. Danger lurks on each page, leaving me breathless as I hurried on to find out what happens next. I was so caught up in Lena's story that the ending hit me hard, leaving me salivating while awaiting the next two books in the trilogy. This society is incredibly constricting, and I need to know what will happen to these characters I've grown to love.<br /><br />Delirium stands on its own when compared to other Dystopian novels. It's not quite like anything else out there. It's centered around love the way last year's [[ASIN:0525423648 Matched]] by Ally Condie was, but delves deeper and has an entirely different approach to the subject. While there are some brutal scenes, it's not gritty in the way [[ASIN:0545265355 Hunger Games Trilogy Boxset]] is. At the same time, fans of both these series and many others will enjoy Delirium. In my opinion, it's one of the best entries in the genre and a gorgeous novel that I think will be a runaway bestseller.gorgeous novel that I think will be a runaway bestseller.
B0046MOV9Y|4.0|I loved the Labyrinth Tour video.  It is great visually. The stage setting is unique.  You get to see a new side of Leona. She needs to work on her dancing a little bit more, but it is her first major tour.  I know she will get better in time (smile).  I loved all of the outfits especially the thigh high boots. You go girl! As for the music being louder than her voice, when you sing live you have to take it down an octave or two.  At least you know she CAN  REALLY SING! Can't say that about too many artists these days. My friends and I have watched this DVD so much we may have to buy another set.  Hope Leona will put out a new DVD of videos soon.  PS> add some special features to the next one.  I love her accent and think that she is a beautiful person inside and out.
0525950079|5.0|Fascinating characters. Remarkable medical, legal, and religious history of Medieval England. The poignant symbolism constantly made me associate some of today problems and triumphs. It was common for me to read a hundred pages in one sitting. To appreciate this book even more, read the Pillars of the Earth first.
B0019X3ZZY|5.0|It's wonderful, I have seen this film several times and in my opinion this is really one of the greatest films in life of cinema. P.P.P , I love this director and his style for expressing his ideas bravely and honestly. He wasn't worry about reactions and responding Of people about his film because he knew about the major responsibility of art : TELLING THE TRUTH !!! This is the reason that I chose him as my favorite director and maybe ideal human in my life.<br />About the product , it's very high quality and incredible purchase in Amazon website. 2 DVDs , 1 film, and the other one is interviews , behind the scenes and other reviews about the process of making this difficult film and also about the director and actors.<br /><br />This the best and unbelievable , if you are a fan of european style filmmaking and don't like cinema and films just for entertainment , this should be a part of your collection in your room.<br /><br />Thanks ...
0452289963|4.0|I say \\"interesting\\" because I'd like to be positive. I was 15 when I first read this book (2 years ago), although I didn't get all the way through to the end until about 9 months ago. It was recommended to me by my friend's mom, a conscious and very compassionate woman who has taught me so much about spirituality. At the time I first read this book, I wasn't happy. I had a lot of conflict with my parents, and I was borderline suicidal. This book resonated with me on some levels, but not on others. It didn't make sense, at least not yet. It helped me become happier, but I didn't like the idea that we should escape our identity. I became more conscious through my own volition, and just recently experienced the kind of true joy that Eckhart describes in his first book \\"The Power of Now\\".     So, revisiting the ideas he presents in \\"A New Earth\\", they make more sense, but I don't think that he presents them well to someone who has not already experienced the true gift of presence. Me, for example -- I loved to think, and Eckhart ascribes idenfification with thoughts as ego, and I really didn't like that. People say his work just rehashes/misinterprets Buddhism, Taoism, etc. and I think this is very true, but I think that just points to a universal truth. However, this universal truth could be presented differently. I would recommend, to people who are just beginning on their spiritual journey, \\"Everday Enlightenment\\" by Dan J. Millman. I've been reading this book and it is practical (Eckhart's work is often not), yet illuminating. Have a wonderful day!
B004BLJQOK|1.0|This could have been an interesting American reinterpretation of /Let the Right One In/, but it's not. It's a sliced and diced, barely-recognisable shadow of the source material, which was deemed to be \\"too Swedish\\", whatever that is.    Just watch the original.
B004BJMEO6|5.0|I received my DVD in the mail yesterday and promptly sat down to watch it. It was so compelling and I was so moved by the film, based loosely on the story of the writer and director, that I am certain that I will watch it many times more.  I can see how some might find this film corny and perhaps even silly. I think you have to believe in the underlying premise of the film (in soul mates/twin souls concept) in order to really enjoy the film. I must also say that I have never been a fan of Nicole Conn's; I thought Clare of the Moon was just poorly made and the acting left a lot to be desired.  The acting in Elena Undone, on the other hand, is top notch. The two actresses really portrayed every emotion of these characters brilliantly. It doesn't hurt that both actresses are also very beautiful!  I have watched tons of lesbian and gay cinema and this movie is certainly now in my top 5 (along with films like When Night is Falling and I Can't Think Straight). Kudos to the filmmakers and the cast of this film!!
1594202842|4.0|There are plenty of things in Chua's book that I am unlikely to do as a parent. First, I lack the tenacity, and, second, I take my parenting methods from my own social-working, child-development-book-reading mother. Yet, I gained a lot from reading Chua's account of what it means to be a \\"Chinese mother.\\" My favorite line, also quoted in a Time magazine article reacting to the book, is that Chinese parents \\"assume strength, not fragility\\" of their child. I suspect many parents' brains underwent a paradigm shift upon reading that. Mine did. While a surface-level read may leave the \\"Western\\" reader feeling righteously indignant about specific incidents Chua describes, I think if it is read in the spirit it was intended, it provides parents (including myself) with an opportunity to reflect on how the choices they make affect a child's development--for better or for worse, but one hopes for the better--and how a balance of styles that recognizes the needs of each individual child is ultimately more effective than any extreme method, strict or indulgent. Chua does not ultimately argue that all parents adopt her methods; rather, she gives the reader a vivid picture of the pros and cons of \\"Chinese\\" parenting, and lets him or her make of it what they will.<br /><br />Inevitably, since it is a memoir, the book does reflect Chua's social status, especially in terms of the opportunities she is able to afford her children. It does make the book a bit difficult to relate to if things like private music lessons with the world's finest teachers is out of one's financial league. I can also see how, if the reader doesn't value that sort of thing, it would be hard to understand Chua's drive for her children to excel. In addition, references to jobs and behaviors that she considers undesirable could possibly leave the reader resenting her a bit. In the end, though, the intent was an honest account of her family's experience, and everything she describes is an integral part of that experience. Read with that in mind, it is worth it for the insight you may gain into your own parenting.
1593083246|5.0|This is a true timeless british classic romance. It's wonderful to read from one of the best known authors in british classic literature.
B0041KKYEM|1.0|The only remotely redeeming quality that this film offers is the soundtrack. otherwise it is a dark fantasy supposedly about a ballet dancer. Too bad she cant dance. She looked more like she wanted to be a dancer. After having seen real ballet films, this one did not deliver and was not convincing.     Characters were so one-dimensional that is was a struggle to try to stay interested in what was going to happen to them.     Lead actress was not attractive in this role. Secondary actress was much better and easier to look at. Portman was just awkward and angular.    A psychological thriller? Nothing about this movie was thrilling.
B0042KZJ46|5.0|This new live release is a must own for Bob Marley fans. Recorded on September 23, 1980, this was Bob Marley's last performance. This show was released many years ago on a Japanese import entitled One Day of Bob Marley. The quality of the Japanese import was quite good. However, this new release of the same concert is much better. The import version didn't include Redemption Song, Work, and Get Up Stand Up. This concert was part of Bob Marley's Uprising Tour, to support the Uprising release. Marley performed two shows at Madison Square Garden prior to this show. While in New York, Marley collapsed while jogging. He was told to cancel the remaining part of his U.S. tour, but ended up doing one final show, the Pittsburgh performance. For being over 30 years old, this live recording sounds excellent. This incredible performance is a must have for your Marley collection.    *Super Deluxe Edition Notes*    The Super Deluxe Edition includes a 2 CD set of the concert, 3 180-gram audiophile LP's of the concert, and a reproduction of the Uprising tour program.
0307272702|5.0|This book is not a conventional diet book, and some readers will be disappointed that it does not contain a blueprint or diet menu. The reader is referred to the basic Atkins regime of books and menus at the conclusion of this book.  I gave this book 5 stars because I believe it was well researched and well written, as a persuasive piece supporting the low carb approach to weight loss.  Again, if you are already convinced the low carb approach is the best approach, and you are looking for menus, etc, this is probably not the way to go though....
B00005S6K6|1.0|I don't know what I hate more:  the syrupy interactions between Deniro & Streep or the creepy view of love, marriage, and (in)fidelity in 1984.  This movie very much follows the selfish, childish mantra of \\"the heart wants what the heart wants.\\"  In this movie, love is not something that matures and is expressed by long-lasting commitment.  In this movie, love is that flushed feeling you get at the beginning of a new romance, that makes you all angsty, and makes women fret endlessly over what outfit they want to wear when they see their Mr. Dreamy.  Deniro's character bails on his perfectly lovely, smart, functional, hard-working wife and mother of his children for a woman he, on a whim, decided he fancied better.  Apparently love is something that changes the way one's favorite sandwich might change over time.  Meryl Streep's character has a loving, attentive husband whom she begins to stonewall once she decides to embrace the fluttery infatuation she has for Deniro's character.    Ugh.  Yuck.  Wish I could erase the brain cells that recall the contents of this movie.
B003VR5PPY|5.0|The first time I played through this game, I was frustrated at how much dialogue there was and the ending was very odd and abrupt. I thought, \\"Is that it?\\" Then I played again and realized that there were multiple endings and so much more to learn with each play through. I have to admit that an online walkthrough helped me to understand all the possible endings although I didn't need it for the puzzle solving.<br /><br />The puzzles are fun, some are really easy, others more challenging. There are places to answer questions that determine how your game will end. As far as I can tell, there are 5 endings with the final one being the \\"true ending\\". That one explains it all and ties together all the previous pieces of information you've garnered from playing other endings.<br /><br />It's a very creative way of developing the game.<br /><br />***This is rated M (mature) for a reason. There are many dialogues with swear words - all of them - and there are murder scenes that are graphically described in dialogue.***<br /><br />The story line is creative and the graphics are good. It helps that when you have played through an area and need to replay it for an alternate ending, you can fast forward through the dialogue to keep it moving.
B0040UAYI4|5.0|My Black Ops kill ratio jumped at least two three folds once this is setup.  Firmware flashing is a problem if you have 64-bit machines only. Config UI improved in the latest version.
B0034G4P7G|5.0|I was brown away by this movie.  It was really original,  contemporary, crisp and very well acted by very young actors. To me, this movie was like looking at a great abstract art work.   I also loved the music.  Futuristic yet beautiful. Well done.
0812973992|2.0|I've been waiting to read Let the Great World Spin for a few months now.  When I first read the reviews about this it seemed like it would be right up my alley.  Each chapter in the novel is written from a different characters perspective and their lives end up intersecting.  It sounds cool, not exactly original but cool.  The characters were awful.  None of them seem the least bit real or interesting.  One chapter written from the point of view of a prostitute was almost unreadable.  I wanted to quit reading so many times but I kept thinking it would get better.  That is not the case.  I have no idea why it is so acclaimed.
B0025UHKNS|3.0|+ The watch has very nice features, including advanced intervals.<br />+ You can upload and maintain everything on the Garmin website for future review.<br />- The Bezel sometimes does not work while running long runs, not sure if it's because of the humidity or sweat, but it just simply does not respond.<br />- This is not definitively a multi-sport watch.<br />+ The GPS signal is quickly acquired, I think this is GARMIN's strength.<br /><br />In general I think from all reviews and my own experience, we will still need to wait for better technology, at a lower price.  I'll wait more time as I have had my watch for less than 3 months.
B0002A2WDQ|5.0|I rec;d my purchase very quickly and in wonderful shape. I enjoyed the  movie very much.  All the actors have grown into very well seasoned  and talented people.....You cannot go wrong with this movie.
B003L20ICE|1.0|Another dismal offering in the long line of crummy movie portrayals of lesbians (by straight actresses, of course). Just because someone can act does it mean it's a good movie? The plot \\"twist\\" is incredibly lame and unbelievable, and other than Joni the characters aren't likable. Seems like the director threw in a bunch of gratuitous sex and drug scenes just to get an R rating...
B0044KU7KU|5.0|It's a really good cd. It's a bit different from their earlier work and I wasn't sure I'd like it as much but I was surprised.<br /><br />My favorite song has to be  Planetary (GO).
B002M9WW30|5.0|i loved watching Rocky.. I recieved it yesterday from amazon.i bought on bluray..great movie,great romance,great fighting! Now im waiting my Die hard colection,shrek the whole story,the incredible Hulk and Inkheart on bluray..lovebluray!
6303122647|5.0|my children love this movie, and it is one of the few videos they own that mom and dad can also watch again and again and still enjoy it. I bought a replacement because we wore out our first copy. We like VHS because it is affordable and kid friendly- no fingerprints to worry about. Highly recommended, caution as it may be frightening for younger kids, my 5 year old enjoys it but we did sit through it with him the first time. This will be a classic film in years to come.
B004HILSZ2|5.0|A good recount of hedge fund history. The gurus' ambitions, glories, struggles and defeats. How they made decisions. It's also entertaining to read.
B0000028PI|5.0|Rock and roll hall of famer Alice Cooper created a real shockapiece here with solid well written songs, and<br />This one evem has a true all time classic song on it; \\"lost in america'  that is very accurate in how things are in america to this day only he could've added 'I don't health care , because the insurance companies won't insure me' to the mix.<br />Anyways this is another brilliant melodic metal opus from Alice Cooper: his third top notch rocker in a row. \\"trash' , 'hey stoopid' , and this one. Not that I think any of his 80's stuff is bad in the least, they just aren't as good as these three imo. We had to wait 6 years for another alice masterpiece 'brutal planet' (one of the best metal cd's of the 00's by far\\" but we had this one to tide us over with it's well written songs and cool concept that one reviewer pointed out features 'steven' strange journey. THat guy could give us all lessons in aliceology! He rocks too , just like this one does. Skip the thrash music and get some top notch melodic metal with the last temptation.
B002FQOI0A|4.0|time machines, friendship, and under-mailbox  sleepers at the center of this book, i was constantly surprised by unpredictable twists and turns. in fact, i couldnt stop reading! i would reccomend when you reach me to 5th graders and up because i was in 4th grade [i believe] when i read it and was sometimes mildly confused. this book was unforgettable and, rebecca, keep on writing!!!!!!!!!
B000062V9C|1.0|When i tried to play this DVD I came to find out that the disc was formatted for a different region of the country and can not be played in any DVD players in the US. I'm very disappointed!
B000X5SPBI|4.0|This season seemed to slow down a bit. With ole' Yellow Eyes dead, and now this impending doom over the brothers we start to get prepared for Seasons 4 and 5 in this one.     We meet two prominent demons, Ruby and Lilith that will remain in the focus for this season and the next. As such, the tone of the show changes a bit, things are a little more serious and things become a little more worisome.     The brother's relationship takes on a bit of strain, but overall their individual characters remain the same, which is good. Overall, still an excellent season.
0061564893|1.0|This book deserves comparison with tosh like the von Daniken books of the 70s - Chariots of the Gods etc - rather than any serious work of history. It is far fetched and does not provide any convincing proof to back up the absurd claims that the Chinese traveled to and settled in parts of the US, Brazil, Africa, Australia etc.<br /><br />I live in Brazil so was interested in his comments on what happened here.<br /><br />This is what he says: \\"Just before the book went into print I was informed that a considerable amount of research had been carried out into the DNA of American Indian peoples of the Amazon and the Orinoco and the diseases that they had carried which were otherwise unique to China and South East Asia. Briefly, it concerns a skin disease of the Indians of the Mato Gross of Brazil; hookworm occurring in the Lengua Indians of Paraguay; roundworm in Peru and Mexico; ancyclostoma duodenale in Mexico; and Chinese DNA in the Indian peoples of the Amazon, Brazil and Venezuela. It is conclusive proof of Chinese sea voyages to the Americas before Columbus.\\"<br /><br />Could someone please explain how this confusing mish mash of statements is \\"conclusive proof\\" that the Chinese reached the Americas before Columbus?<br /><br />A sentence following this paragraph gives an example of his style throughout the book which is to use the subjunctive because practically everything he says is supposition.<br /><br />Note the number of times \\"would\\" appears. \\"After making landfall near the Orinoco, where they would have replenished their water and taken on fresh food, they would then have set sail once more for the south. The winds would have carried them past the Amazon delta down the east coast of Brazil to Cabo Blanco in southern Argentina\\".<br /><br />In conclusion, I would like to say that I do not doubt that the Chinese carried out great sea voyages. This has been known for centuries so Menzies has discovered nothing new.<br /><br />You can be sure that if the Chinese had achieved all these feats then they would not have hesitated about boasting about them.<br /><br />However, Menzies produces no evidence under the convenient excuse that all the documents were destroyed when China decided to turn its back on the world.<br /><br />The style is as hard to stomach as Menzies' unconvincing claims. For example, the adjective \\"finest\\" is used on four occasions on one page. Not only do we have nearly 500 pages of turgid prose but a further 150 pages of appendices and indices. Be warned!ot have hesitated about boasting about them.     However, Menzies produces no evidence under the convenient excuse that all the documents were destroyed when China decided to turn its back on the world.     The style is as hard to stomach as Menzies' unconvincing claims. For example, the adjective \\"finest\\" is used on four occasions on one page. Not only do we have nearly 500 pages of turgid prose but a further 150 pages of appendices and indices. Be warned!
B0047WJ12K|5.0|Okay, while \\"Inception\\" is not Nolan's best movie (\\"The Dark Knight\\" still is though that might be my being very partial to the subject matter), it is still in that 5 star cap that I like to hand out to films that blow my mind open.  I'll go through this piecemeal to make sure I hit on all the things that go into building a good movie and why this hits so consistently.     The acting is nearly flawless.  I am going to compare this movie to the other really good Leonardo DiCaprio movie out this year \\"Shutter Island\\".  Like \\"Inception\\", \\"Island\\" introduces several good actors in a clean sequence, helping to establish each their part in the overall narrative, each person plays their role with great line delivery, emotive strength, and with motivations that while not clear at the beginning, are revealed as the story progresses to give clarity and meaning to the whole of the performance.  However, I felt a deeper connection to Leo's performance in \\"Shutter Island\\", I don't know how, but I think that his performance was stronger there than here, but it is really the difference in temperature between a cup of coffee and a cup of coffee poured from the same pot 12 seconds latter.  If you have seen both movies you will be able to understand why the comparison between the two parts is so easy.  So I say near flawless because that is what it is, near flawless for the lead.     The action is stellar, with subjective gravity, malleable environments, legions of soldiers battling in unique structures toward powerful ultimate goals.  If I would say one thing, at times one action sequence by Joseph Gordon Levitt completely overshadows the others so completely that it seems embarrassing, sure one guy turns into a combination of Little Nemo and James Bond, but Levitt turns into a combination of Neo and Eliot Ness, it is really good.  Also: not a lot of CGI, so the images on screen look real because they were filmed on real sets using wire movements and turning sets.     The sci-fi concepts are introduced wholesale at the beginning of the movie in a way that makes you say something a long the line of \\"What's up with that?\\" and \\"What is going on there?\\"  Each part of the original illustration is then explained via the natural course of the movies narrative.  As a new character is introduced they display why they are important and in doing so explain what was present in the opening sequence.  All of this exposition is never done to the point of needless background, I don't care how the dream machine was invented, by who, or where, all I need to know is what it is and what it does, boom and boom both are explained clean, neat and concise.  It is smart and well paced in this way, using its strong visuals to make the world and dialogue become just to the left of real.  In other words: while they could use the dreamworld as an excuse to travel to different periods of history, fight monsters, and gain super powers, the movie keeps you grounded in military complexes and hotels that adequately uses the dream environment to create surreal action and adventure within a world real enough that the audience doesn't get turned off.     Ambiguous in message and ending.  Watch the movie, the theme is a mind breaker, as is the chief conflict of the film, as is the major resolution.     Strong and solid film throughout.  There is no major flaw that detracts from this movie.  There is no miscast person, no missed beat of action, no unnecessary conflict.  And while I have heard that some people are confused, I felt zero confusion, some people didn't get the message, I got the message entirely.  This is a superb movie that you need to go see.
1416562605|5.0|I don't have any literary insight to offer on the book as honestly I'm not that big a reader.   However, I do like uniquely written and engaging stories to read.   This book made an otherwise awful layover in the Denver Airport disappear.   I was so captivated that a gate attendant had to remind me the plane was now starting to board......false alarm it was further delayed.    As my $1.75 worth of political commentary on the book, I was completely enthralled at the description of Indian culture master & servant relationship and family dynamics.    More importantly, the book rocked and you should read it.  If you don't completely love it I'll buy you a car (no I'm lying, I won't buy you anything).
B001FB4VZS|5.0|It had been hinted at, or at least a little more than just hinted, that Lana would take her departure while Lois would enter. As Clark becomes more the Man of Steel that we love as the legend, we've taken some pretty depressing hits with Lana and Lex in the series. But finally comes: Season 8.    Its a little bit of a relief.     The new villians, Tess Mercer and Davis Bloome kind of seem a little cheap compared to the Legend of Lex Luthor, but there are enough hints to let us know that he'll be making a comeback when Smallville becomes Superman. They aren't ruining the legend, just enhancing it.     A really great season.
1439138311|3.0|This book was all about the heroine.  I hadn't read Colm Toibin before but, having now read this book, I can certainly appreciate his writing skills. The story was slow but somehow (for me) mesmerising in its dreamlike evocation of the details of his Irish heroine's inner life.  So extraordinarily passive was she that the odd times that she did act on impulse almost made me feel sick....and not many books do that.  There is no doubt the last part of the story is the most affecting and the ending is sad.  I didn't like the heroine at all but I did find her painfully believable.
B004HWT6DO|5.0|\\"The Social Network\\" was an excellent movie, and this came as a surprise to no one that I know of.  It was written by Aaron Sorkin (\\"The West Wing\\", \\"Charlie Wilson's War\\") and directed by David Fincher (\\"Fight Club\\", \\"Zodiac\\").  It has a likable cast between the well known Jesse Eisenberg (\\"Zombieland\\") and Justin Timberlake (The current prince of pop music and part time actor of some quality), along with up and coming actors Armie Hammer jr. (who, from what I hear, is in the running to play Superman in the next film adaptation helmed by Zach Snyder and Christopher Nolan), Andrew Garfield (who will be starring as Spiderman in that characters upcoming reboot), and Max Minghella (which will be good in several movies that currently have little hype, but for all I know might be good).     The movie has fast dialogue, characters exchange very smart punchy quips, and the props and sets emphasizing this speech pattern, having the central protagonist doodle during a deposition, barely giving any attention at all to the multi million dollar proceedings.  If anything the dialogue might be too fast, the initial scene doesn't start slow and build it starts at a run, and if you aren't used to the style, you'll have to get used to the style or be left behind in the movies strongest character building set ups.     Considering the movie is about a gifted nerd being swept up into a culture of money-beyond-your-wildest-dreams, the film actually is very reminiscent of \\"Almost Famous\\", covering a similar time frame, but having an extremely different resolution (SPOILER: he remains a jerk at the end of the movie).  It also evokes Doctor Greg House of the TV show \\"House M.D.\\" as Mark Zuckerberg is portrayed as obviously thinking on a higher level, and being rendered so lonely by his considerable intellect that he clings to it as his identity.  He seems to care little for money, and really just wants to be the smartest guy in the room, even when he becomes rich-beyond-your-wildest-dreams he sits alone and continues to construct some massive social directory (the one you are viewing this note on currently), unable to connect with those around him and clinging again to the veneer of aloof arrogance that shields him from the world.     This movie's strongest selling point is the fact that it has no antagonist.  It has one central character, Mark, and numerous tertiary protagonists that are all working toward their own ends frequently bumping heads as they go, al of the characters are complex and sympathetic, even though half of them are entitled millionaires and the other half is misanthropic nerds.  You feel bad for the Wicklevoss twins who had their idea stolen, limited as their initial vision was, and to see that idea go on to make billions is frustrating; maybe this sympathy is due to Armie Hammer's performance as the two brothers (very elaborate split screen was used), and he is just a likeable presence, but I really liked their scenes, especially when they get royally dismissed and screwed over by the Harvard President.     With effective direction, a strong cast, and a fast script I give \\"The Social Network\\" 4.5 stars out of 5.  (Go watch it, as I imagine that my being a little sleepy was the only reason it is not a 5 out of 5, and it was hard to get my mind into gear for the dialogue speed till about 5 minutes in).     (And yes, part of my enjoyment of this movie is that I am both a blond, tall, and slightly entitled guy, and a misanthropic nerd who would wear flip flops and a bath robe to a business meeting.  But I don't think that should reflect on my ability to evaluate this movie).
B0040UAYI4|2.0|I tried, I tried, I tried I wanted a keyboard and mouse like the old days... This solution isn't it, unless you've never used a mouse on a computer before then this might be for you... I'm not about to re-learn mouse movements that emulate a thumb stick its horrible the quick and slow movements don't translate and it turns into herky jerky aiming that's even worse then the controller. Its like they turned the mouse into one big thumb stick you control with your wrist, who came up with this idea? totally frustrating... One day they'll just add keyboard and mouse support... (Dream on)    2 stars!!! because at least a company cares enough to address the needs of gamers, which is why the box is getting dusty in a drawer and not returned...
B002FRNCG0|5.0|I fell in love with Paramore's debut album. With this one, I was not dissappointed though I did hear the difference their music has taken since the first. Though still \\"alternative\\" its less rock and more pop, but there is more a variety in this album than the first.     There is still an incredible amount of solid songs: \\"The Only Exception,\\" \\"Brick By Boring Brick.\\" Although even their music videos (for the latter) took a turn from their first album's music videos. But as their gaining notice, this was kind of expected.     They are still rocking, and still a good band. I don't take this as a bad change.
0061743526|5.0|What can be said about this wonderful book that hasn't already been said much better than I could. I don't rate many books as five stars and after thinking about what my criteria would be, I'm left with this: Did I hate to see the end of the book and would I read it again (which I seldom do). The answer to both questions is a resounding yes.<br />Thank you Harper Lee for this treasure and thank you to the makers of the movie \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\" for their faithful adapatation of the book.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|typical of all things in this time warp  the cds are OVERPACKAGED!!! but sound terrific on my tiny bose player!!  really they are  difficult to remove from sleeves of disc fold overs but the sound is soooo terrific i guess i can live with overpackaging..makes me want to sing and jump around!
0312600844|1.0|Franzen is as pretentious as he is tedious, creating characters without any subtlety, nor depth.  How rumors spread about him being a \\"serious\\" writer is beyond my comprehension.<br />This book is populated by narcissistic characters who occasionally interface peripherally with other people, usually with disastrous  consequences.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|Awesome series.  I recommend this to anyone who loves Twilight Series.    Different, but so worth watching.  Instead of Edward and Jacob, you have Stephan and Damian....  Yum Yum
0143039431|5.0|Some books are worth reading more than once and this should be read more than once. As a matter of fact, it should be read when you are feeling comfortably well off and when economic times are tough, just to remind yourself what others have faced and survived.<br />The Grapes of Wrath was made into a wonderful movie in 1940 starring Henry Fonda and Jane Darwell. It was directed by John Ford and won Academy Awards for its director and Jane Darwell. Much of the dialog was lifted from the book. The movie is unforgettable.
0307463745|5.0|This is the greatest book I have ever read. So true, so clever! Please let me work with you guys. You sound so awesome.   It preaches exactly the lifestyle and freedom I would like to have. This book gave me motivation.  Thanks 37!
B002DRLUSE|5.0|The product was marketed as an original 1967 recording.  I'm not sure about that as we got it in mint condition.  The cover was pristine and the record played without any trouble at all.  Great album!
B00192IV9U|5.0|Love MJs music and this is no exception, thankful that we are still able to hear new music from our genius.
B0016OOS16|5.0|I've used 3D Connexion's 3D mice for five or six years and can't imagine being without them. I work as a professional digital modelmaker and animator in a range of development programs - Rhinoceros, Solidworks, 3D Studio Max, and SketchUp - and 3D mice at least double my productivity if not more. Samples of my work are at [...]. I bought the notebook Navigator to use when showing models to clients in the field and in public presentations of 3D models. No criticisms I can think of. Well made, smooth, and as portable as a necessarily solid item can be.
8478886567|5.0|Un libro excelente dentro la saga. Y lo mejor de todo es que en Ecuador ya estan agotados los libros de Harry Potter, varias libreras dicen no saber cuando volveran a traer, en ese caso conseguirlos por medio de internet es la mejor solucin.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|pretty vulgar but funny no doubt.. i have watched this many times and it continues to be funny every time!
B003RS5JQ2|5.0|My wife and I are hooked on Dexter. We couldn't get this episode to play on our DVR so we were psyched to find it for download on Amazon! Had to reset our DSL modem to get a good download speed but that's not Amazon's fault. After the reboot it downloaded fast and played great. We're so hooked on downloads now that we bought a card for our computer so we could plug it into our TV. Thanks Amazon!
0517548232|5.0|Economics in One Lesson is the best introduction to economics ever written.  Henry Hazlitt had a great talent of taking a complicated issue such as economics and simplifying it for the uninitiated reader. Henry Hazlitt proves in a logical way how war doesn't create prosperity , that tariffs make us collectively poorer, that exports must be paid by imports, why minimum wage laws cause unemployment, and why price fixing never works. In the chapter \\"The Broken Window\\", the author also explains the importance in economics of seeing not only the immediate and seen effects of a given policy, but also seeing the larger and unseen effects of a given policy. In summary, this book is highly recommend for anyone who is interested in learning the basics of laissez-faire economics.
B000002KJM|5.0|What can I say except that ZZTOP was just a strugging blues rock group out of Texas that was really good and  kept pushing until things finally explored.  All of the songs on ZZTOPS First Album is full of great blues rock orginals and the sound of Pearly Gates is Heavenly.  Long live ZZTOP and Pearly
B000JIJPZY|5.0|This was a great buy for the money!! No reason to pay a fortune for other gyms, this one does the job. My son loves this mat. We got some extra key rings to hang some of his other toys from and it keeps him occupied for at least 30 minutes at a time.
0446563048|5.0|This book is a great success story! The success is mainly driven by the sustained relationships and trusts and commitment to the idea generated in the beginning.   It is a quick read, especially the first half of the book was written so well I couldn't stop myself from turning the pages like crazy.    Everyone can take great lessons from this story and from the way a culture is created and is used for the success of a company, its employees, and its vendors.    The moment I finished the book, I went to Zappos.com and ordered the Free Culture Book, it will arrive in a few days. Well done Tony! Well done Zappos team!
B000024C7W|5.0|This album is in my opinion, one of the most amazing albums ever produced, period!! Very special. Produced by a truly immense and special talent. Yet an album that is hard to come by. This is the stuff of myths and legends...timeless.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|We have been watching this as a family tradition every Christmas for years.  Every time you want to feel sorry for yourself, pull this movie out and watch it. We are happy to upgrade to a DVD. Life is good and remember, \\"NO Man or Woman is a Failure who has Friends.\\" Never Quit!<br /><br />Richard Clough<br />[...]
0740797719|5.0|Many good reviews have already been posted about this great book. I'll just chime in to say the book is thick, loaded with information, clear as a bell, and an absolute steal at the price. You can spend 20,000 going to a weak college art program staffed by amateur artists who were taught by abstract expressionists and postmodernists who didn't know anything and didn't want to know anything, or you can spend 1/1000th of that price and learn from a modern master who knows his stuff and is carrying around the entire legacy of the history of art in his skull.     Jim Gurney is handing you the great tradition of western high visual culture on a silver platter and at a copper penny price. Grab it, feed your mind with real art information, and start making beautiful art on your own.
030746363X|4.0|If I didn't know that Tim Ferriss wasn't crazy, I might think he was.  He's not.  Neither is this book.    The 4-Hour Body is fun to read and he backs up absolutely everything with testing and science and proof.  Sometimes I felt like it sounded ridiculous, but I think that's just because there's so much misinformation about diet and exercise and health in the world.    Highly recommended!
B004BLJQOK|3.0|A shy boy (Smit-Mcphee) befriends the new girl (Moretz) and discovers a horrifying secret.  After a lifetime of bullying Owen (Smit-Mcphee) meets a mysterious new girl named Abby (Moretz) who teaches him to stand up for himself.  Having never seen the original (Let The Right One In) I went in expecting a vampire thriller.  I had high hopes for this one but it was not what I expected.  It wasn't terrible, just slow.  I may not have paid attention as much as I should have but it seemed like there was no real plot.  As far as I can tell it's a movie about a shy boy making friends with a vampire and trying to co-exist.  This is one of those movies that is OK while watching it but almost instantly forgotten when it's over.  Don't go in expecting the \\"Twilight\\" vampires.  This is pretty graphic, with seemingly random killings.  If vampires actually did exist this is what I imagine that they would be like, hidden and trying to fit in.  I give it a C.<br /><br />Would I watch again? - No
B00004Z4WR|4.0|I always have to shudder when I see alot of big time modern talent immersing themselves into products that were originally sub standard to begin with.This is a remake of course of the same titled /74 film which was filled with unknowns and blazed a quick and merciful path into oblivion.I usually have to put my hand over my face and peek through my fingers when I watch these things,just in case.Well I must say this solid cast with Bruckheimer in control,actually surpassed the original and in fine fashion.Released in June/00,this film did good at the box office and got fairly good reviews to boot.<br />The film's story starts as the brother of the famous ex-car thief(gone legit)Memphis Raines(Cage),young Kipp(Giovani Ribisi),fouls up his part in a car heist operation.The man paying him is not too happy and is having him flattened into a pancake at a scrap yard when his big brtoher Memphis shows up to bail him out.They have 72 hours to get 50 cars to save his brother and fulfil an order but in reality it will all come down to 50 cars in just one night.Raines enlists the help of his old mentor Otto(Robert Duvall) and some of his other comrades from years gone by to pull the job off.<br />Dogging the scheme are two cops Castlebeck(Delroy Lindo) and Drycoff(Tim Olyphant).Sometimes the two come very close to stopping the entire operation and in fact near the end it is just Raines against the duo in a spectacular chase over a blocked Golden Gate bridge.Raines escape in a /67 Shelby GT(the final car) has to be seen to be believed.However when Raines gets to his destination he is 12 minutes late and the boss rejects the car;his brother will die.A firefight ensues with the cops finally arriving to sort out the mess.<br />Well acted throughout and the tense atmosphere well maintained when necessary,this film just breezes by.Ribisi does a good job as Cages recalcitrant brother,Duvall is a delight as  Otto and kudos go to Delroy Lindo for his spot on portrayal of the ever-intense Detective Castlebeck.The stunt work,like alot of Bruckheimers pictures,is excellent.I couldn't help noticing that for those who saw the original that some of the background music had been changed for this directors cut edition.The one pivotal song however,Low Rider by War,was thankfully kept in.The newer music however I found doesn't detract from the movie at all but just gives it a slightly different feel.<br />Technically speaking this movie has been transferred well and is in a 2:35:1 a/r.Special features include:Three featurettes on the movie,the actors and its stunts,a look at the chase sequences,action scenes put to music,a music video by Cult,the trailer and a convo with Bruckheimer.<br />All in all a recommended movie for a weekend curled up in front of the set with a bowl of popcorn.-intense Detective Castlebeck.The stunt work,like alot of Bruckheimers pictures,is excellent.I couldn't help noticing that for those who saw the original that some of the background music had been changed for this directors cut edition.The one pivotal song however,Low Rider by War,was thankfully kept in.The newer music however I found doesn't detract from the movie at all but just gives it a slightly different feel.  Technically speaking this movie has been transferred well and is in a 2:35:1 a/r.Special features include:Three featurettes on the movie,the actors and its stunts,a look at the chase sequences,action scenes put to music,a music video by Cult,the trailer and a convo with Bruckheimer.  All in all a recommended movie for a weekend curled up in front of the set with a bowl of popcorn.
B004EQAVHI|4.0|In a future where children are raised to be organ donors, 3 grow up and try to change things.  After learning of thier futures at a special school 3 children wonder if things can change, as adults they think that love is the answer.  This is a hard movie to summarize with out giving any of the plot away.  It is a very well done and emotionally draining movie.  The subject matter is not that far fetched and could someday happen.  It makes some very good ethical and moral points and you feel for both sides of the arguments.  This is not a fast paced movie but I did not think it was boring.  I don't want to give anything away but one of the main ideas of the movie is is one life more important then another, and how do you handle knowing what your future is?  I really enjoyed this movie but it's not one to watch over and over.  It will really make you think.  I give it a B.<br /><br />Would I watch again? - If I'm with someone who hasn't seen it I will probebly watch it just to talk about it with them after.
B002CLBJU0|4.0|Con Air(released in June/97) features a power house cast in this action-a-minute thrill ride.John Malkovich made himself a household name playing characters that were slightly or way off center and this one shows him off to perfection.The story can sometimes get in the way of the action but overall the film comes through in the end due to Bruckheimers deft touch.<br />The story involves one Cameron Poe(Cage)an ex army Ranger who gets sent to the Pen defending the life of his wife.Eight years later he is parolled and is heading back home.He is put on a flight with some of the most notorious criminals around and from here things go downhill.Cyrus Grissom(Malkovich)has secretly planned to take over the plane with the help of some of the other inmates aboard.Before they reach their first stop they do so and Poe plays along with the group to buy time and try to get a warning out to the authorities if he can.When they land some of the guards are off loaded as prisoners in a blinding sand storm as is the planes transponder.But a clue left behind by Poe alerts the authorities who unsuccessfully try to stop it at the last minute.<br />Once back up in the air and now with one especially new rider,a notorious serial killer called Garland Greene(Steve Buscemi),things start to heat up along with some inside bickering.Poe uses this to his advantage and plants another message on a dead body which is pushed out of the plane.It alerts the police to the plane's next stop in a deserted location in the California desert.When the plane arrives the police arrive and a terrible gun battle ensues.Many are killed but the plane still manages to take off.<br />The police are by now hot on the trail and they track down the plane in the air.They shoot one of its engines and it is forced to make a landing on the Vegas strip.This is a huge transport plane and the damage it does is something to behold.Post crash,Poe has an on going battle with three of the convicts,Grissom included.When it's all over all are dead and Poe is reunited with his family.The one who gets away is none other than the serial killer Greene who is seen at the last sipping on some cool drinks in a casino.<br />As I said Malkovich plays the crazed convict Grissom to a tee along with a very cold Bescemi doing Greene.Honourable mention goes out to Danny Trejo as serial rapist Johnny Baca,John Cusack as Marshall Larkin and Colm Meaney(also in Deep Space Nine at the time)as DEA agent Malloy.The claustrophobic atmosphere aboard that plane is almost palpable and all play their parts especially well in those scenes.<br />Technically speaking the film has been transferred well and is in its 2:35:1 a/r.This edition comes with a digital copy(for downloading) and the only other feature here is the trailer.<br />A recommmended film.Get set for one heck of a plane ride!dead and Poe is reunited with his family.The one who gets away is none other than the serial killer Greene who is seen at the last sipping on some cool drinks in a casino.  As I said Malkovich plays the crazed convict Grissom to a tee along with a very cold Bescemi doing Greene.Honourable mention goes out to Danny Trejo as serial rapist Johnny Baca,John Cusack as Marshall Larkin and Colm Meaney(also in Deep Space Nine at the time)as DEA agent Malloy.The claustrophobic atmosphere aboard that plane is almost palpable and all play their parts especially well in those scenes.  Technically speaking the film has been transferred well and is in its 2:35:1 a/r.This edition comes with a digital copy(for downloading) and the only other feature here is the trailer.  A recommmended film.Get set for one heck of a plane ride!
B001KTVVZS|5.0|This story is heartbreaking. It so clearly demonstrates how far the world has to go to be peaceful. When children are recruited (forced) into being soldiers, it is a sad commentary on society. This story illuminates the psychological damage civil war causes to all those affected; however, it truly demonstrates the affect on children. The difficulty level is about 7th grade; however, the topics may be difficult for that age group to digest. Consider the audience when giving it to read.
6304711891|4.0|The Rock(released June/96) stars a younger Nicolas Cage,Sean Connery and Ed Harris.Cage can't outdo screen vet Connery nor Ed Harris,but he manages to at least keep up and the results are an intense but pleasing drama that plays itself out on the island of Alcatraz off San Francisco.<br />The story involves one FBI agent/chemical specialist Stanley Goodspeed(Cage).He is called to come to San Francisco because a disgruntled military general by the name of Hummel(Harris) has taken over the ex prison and is threatening to fire missiles loaded with a deadly chemical into the heart of the city if the government doesn't agree to a ransom.They also must pay off the families of past military operatives that were never compensated because of the secrecy of their missions.In order to gain a foothold onto and into the Rock,the government enlists the help of a notorious ex-SAS man John Mason(Connery).He is the only man to have successfully escaped the prison when it was opened and he supposedly knows the best way in undetected.<br />Once in Goodspeed is assigned directly with Mason and told to never leave his side.The clock is ticking down and a military team along with Goodspeed and Mason manage to gain entry,but not undetected.Most of the team is slaughtered in an impossible fire fight and that leaves Mason and Goodspeed to do the job on their own.<br />Hummel is totally flummoxed by the incident and his rancor gets worse.At one point he finally fires one of the missles but at the last minute he changes its course to fall into the water.It is here we find out that he was bluffing to make a grander point but some of the men he leads aren't of the same point of view.They take over the operation and attempt to fire a rocket into the city,but they are foiled by Mason and Goodspeed.When a jet fires on the island it sends Goodspeed flying into the water.This gives him the excuse he needs to tell the authroities that Mason was killed in the incident.The film ends with Goodspeed going to a certain church pew in a certain Kansas Church to obtain microfilm that Mason stashed there that contains many,many classified state secrets.<br />With a very enjoyable story line and a great cast,this film moves along very well.The only slow parts are Cages charcater set up at the beginning but once Connery and Harris hit the screen,the movie heats up right away.Harris is excellent as the intense General Hummel and Connery plays his character with his usual deft touch.Honourable mentions go out to David Morse as Major Baxter and the highly under rated Tony Todd as Captain Darrow.Todd always plays with a burning intensity I never get tired of seeing.<br />Techncially this release is over 13 years old now and is showing its age but the picture still looks pretty crisp and clear and it is in its 2:35:1 a/r.The only feature is the trailer.<br />This early Michael Bay film,done between two of his other better films Bad Boys and Armegeddon,sure has what it takes in the drama department.With two of the screens better actors Ed Harris and Sir Sean Connery on board,it's no wonder this film is a winner.You can't go wrong with those two and Cage does an admirable job trying to keep up to them.A good plot with alot of instense action,this film is solidly recommended.in church pew in a certain Kansas Church to obtain microfilm that Mason stashed there that contains many,many classified state secrets.  With a very enjoyable story line and a great cast,this film moves along very well.The only slow parts are Cages charcater set up at the beginning but once Connery and Harris hit the screen,the movie heats up right away.Harris is excellent as the intense General Hummel and Connery plays his character with his usual deft touch.Honourable mentions go out to David Morse as Major Baxter and the highly under rated Tony Todd as Captain Darrow.Todd always plays with a burning intensity I never get tired of seeing.  Techncially this release is over 13 years old now and is showing its age but the picture still looks pretty crisp and clear and it is in its 2:35:1 a/r.The only feature is the trailer.  This early Michael Bay film,done between two of his other better films Bad Boys and Armegeddon,sure has what it takes in the drama department.With two of the screens better actors Ed Harris and Sir Sean Connery on board,it's no wonder this film is a winner.You can't go wrong with those two and Cage does an admirable job trying to keep up to them.A good plot with alot of instense action,this film is solidly recommended.
0439023513|5.0|This book is absolutely fantastic! I could not get over how much it sounded like the government and politics today and where we're headed. One thing that I thought was very interesting was how carefully Suzanne Collins divided up each district. If you think about it, each district lies in a certain part of the United States. For example, I think District Twelve, where Katniss lives, is Utah since coal is a main production there. And possibly, District Thirteen would be Nevada or Arizona. The rest would take up more of the eastern United States. This is just what I've gathered and it all makes sense if you put together where the other districts should be. One thing that really bothered me and which would be the only thing was how there was no type of belief system in the country. For example, I think it needed at least some morals to be based around or the people could believe in such. Also, some sort of religion, preferably Christianity, could have given more hope and resolution to the ending. Other than that, this book just keeps you on your toes waiting for what will happen next. Incredibly real!    Lisette Snyder
B0001AVZA8|5.0|I've watched this one over the years and will continue to do so from time to time.  Such a wonderful movie!!  We absolutely love the combination of actors this has.  Very very nice!!
1594202842|5.0|I find it interesting how polarizing the reviews have been.  As a 2nd generation Chinese and a father of two, I often wished I would have pushed my kids harder (even before I read this book).  Although I would not put some of her extreme parenting techniques in play, I totally get where Ms. Chua is coming from. I agree that giving out trophies and awards for substandard performances undermines the prestigousness of coming in first for everyone involved. When my son was taking karate, I watched him bust a gut perfecting his karate forms, while other kids who couldn't tell a double roundkick from a hole in the wall advanced along with him to the next belt level. I know it's a business...I'm just saying! I really enjoyed Ms. Chua's wit and humorous anecdotes and don't understand what folks are so up in arms about. Her kids obviously love her, and they have her to thank for their opportunities and excellence. She's not preaching and not asking anyone to follow her methods. She's simply sharing her experiences and observations from the perspective of someone who grew up in a tough love environment herself. This book was funny and enjoyable to read.  My teenage daughter is almost done reading it too.  I am hoping she will gain perspective from the book and some self-motivation.  We shall see! :-)
B000MRAAJM|1.0|If you enjoy watching helpless life getting butchered in high def video while dramatic music fills your ears, you might like this. I had very high hopes for this series given the production effort and reviews. I watched a bit, but stopped due to the enormous amounts of negative energy it generates, by the aforementioned \\"hunt\\" scenes that are a central ingredient to the series. This could have been called \\"Faces of Death, Animal Edition\\".<br /><br />In my opinion, to say that \\"the series proceeds to accentuate the positive\\" as the \\"Editorial Review\\" does, is simply comical, as well, the review is quite misleading by underplaying the vast degree of brutality. Yes, the killing exists on our planet but that's hardly a reason to pollute your mind with it in graphic detail, much less that of your children. There is so much more beauty to Earth that could have been covered, which was what the marketing lead me to think I was getting, even the back cover of the disc box proclaims one will be \\"overwhelmed by the beauty and majesty\\". What a farce.<br /><br />Please, do the Earth a favor, and don't watch this. Hopefully someone will someday produce something that will inspire the old and young to be better stewards of this planet, which we certainly do need. While the video is loaded with breathtaking cinematography, this just isn't it.<br /><br />Some notes: I have a seven foot wide movie projection screen which brilliantly magnifies the good and bad of the imagery. You might not get the same perspective on a small TV in low def. ...  As an unsheltered, vegetarian who has spent months in the remote wild, I understand the nature of the food chain, the issue is with the psychology of watching killings and seeing terrified animals running for their life, as depicted. Yes, the food chain should be taught, and understood, but too much negative sensory input can have unintended side effects... or should 10 year olds watch \\"Faces of Death\\" at school? Everything in fine balance. Ifnothing else, this is an epic fail in marketing.
B000TGJ7ZY|2.0|Ok, I have the DVD already and we all know that this film is not a turn of the century masterpiece.  At least that's what I thought about this film.  I personally think that Gary Oldman's acting was a bit strange. I don't feel scared or heavy- whenever I see him, I see something funny.     The reason I like this film is the love story between Dracula and Mina. That's why I am keep upgrading the movie by keep buying new version whenever they are released.    Blu-ray. One of the worst bluray that I bought so far. Next to Total Recall perhaps.    I don't believe Francis did a lot of color correction or anything before transfering into HD.   The color image is really soft and I don't see anything that is close to 'wow, that is really sharp and clean'.    No need to buy this Bluray if you already have DVD version.  Somewhat I begin to think that even DVD versio is better.
0811876373|5.0|This book is awesome.  great pictures to guide you step-by-step through the whole cake pop process.  Easy and lots of fun.  My girls and me love cake pops!  Pops for every occasion.
0061726826|5.0|\\"All You NEED is LOVE \\"cites the famous quote written by two big music icons and, in this literary presentation, Lauren Oliver shows us how could be a world where the only thing you don't need is love.  This is the second literary proposal by Oliver and while Before I Fall positioned her as one of the favorite 2010 debutants; Delirium shows why Lauren Oliver is one of the most unique and brilliant voices from her generation.  Delirium is narrated in a dystopian world  where love has been classified as a disease which makes human beings commit rebellion acts like: war, crimes and hate; it's because of this the government tried to find a way to \\"cure\\" human beings from feeling such complexes \\"emotions\\".  The story is narrated by Lena, a model citizen that has been raised under an aunt's tutoring who taught her the rules perfectly.  Lena counts the days in which she could finally be cured once and for all and will not be at risk from such disease. Lena wasn't counting on two events; the first one being the love seed her mother seeded on her and the second one: Alex.  Words come up short when expressing how much I enjoyed the story,  We as human beings have grown in a world where the most beautiful art expressions have been created as cause and effect from love or trying to explain it.  Living the Lena and Alex's journey as a reader in a world where everything is backwards filled my heart with vulnerability towards them and, on the other hand, invited me to think over. Oliver creates a world molded gracefully not only by her words, but the narrator captivates the reader into looking to this world and question if it's really the right direction while inviting you in her journey.  Regarding romance, it's everything I like from a romance and I'm rooting for this too.  Alex is a great love interest and his way of looking towards the world makes him tender, and it's heartbreaking but beautiful seeing the way Lena and him explore what they are feeling in a world where such feeling is prohibited.  Delirium, the story of a girl who will be saved without love ... but love will set her free, really happy, and will show her what really matters in life and cannot live without it.eling is prohibited.  Delirium, the story of a girl who will be saved without love ... but love will set her free, really happy, and will show her what really matters in life and cannot live without it.
0439023483|5.0|This is probably the best book I have ever read, the story is so compelling and amazing i havent been able to put the book down. I definitely will buy the other 2 books in the trilogy, and if your thinking of buying this book, think no more and just order it you wont be disappointed.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|The movie is great. It is the best of the sequel yet. It was very entertaining and a joy to watch for everyone.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|May I say.  These turtle beaches are amazing.  They do have there flaws though.  Such as. Mic monitoring never gets close enough to your mouth for it to actually work, when it does, all your teammates hear you breathing and that just gets annoying.  This are awesome though.  I bought the x31, used them for 2 days.  Those were the worst.  Not enough bass, theres always a static sound that just ruins the game for everybody.  These have a lot of bass, comfort's 95%, sensitive so you don't have to talk so loud.  The chat boost is just amazing, I put it maybe 3/10's of the way up and peoples voices are already to loud for me.  Game volumes amazing/crystal clear.  These are indeed durable, I've used them a little over a month now and they never seem to fail me.  These would be a good choice to buy if you want to spend the money.  IF you have a ps3 or xbox or a computer.  It works for all of em :P
B003QNXPUK|1.0|I purchased this product from an Apple reseller in Spain.  The installation instructions are poor, and give little detail on how the installation is to be completed.  The installation itself is incredibly tedious and it is nearly impossible to get a perfect installation of this protector on the iPhone.    While the quality of the material used for the screen protector is likely very good, making it nearly impossible to install results in a overall poor product.  I would look elsewhere for a screen protector.
0316067938|2.0|I enjoyed the first 3 books in the series, but this was by far my least favorite.  All the issues that arise in the first three books are conveniently tied up all nice and neat and \\"perfect.\\"  Talking with others that have read it people seem to either like the first 3 or the 4th book.  And based on my small sample set, the younger you are the more likely you'll like the 4th book vs the other 3.  It does however end the addiction!
B0041VV03A|1.0|This was horrible. It is in the top five of the worst movies I've seen, and I watch a LOT of films. The story was offensive and off-putting in so many ways, but also just a really awful script and film. I am shocked that actors of this caliber would put their names on this piece of garbage! If I could give it zero stars, I would!
1439196834|5.0|Amazing book. Ideal for reading while traviling as it only takes an hour or so to read the whole thing. As an alternative you can read it again when you're drinking with your friends start laughing about it.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|I am completely blown away by her talent. She is the find of the year for me. Janelle has such versatility and is incredibly imaginative and intelegent. I just discovered her last week, so I'm excited to see what she has in store in the future. It's so refreshing to see an incredibly talented female vocalist who doesn't resort to sexual tactics to win over her audience, but simply relies on her vocal abilities and unique lyrics. She's beautiful (in voice, in style, in mind) and I'm utterly entranced by her.
B003ZTQN1I|5.0|Casting Gwyneth Paltrow as the lead in \\"Country Strong\\" may or may not have been a good idea, but she sounds spectacular on record. Most of you must have heard her lead vocals on \\"Cruisin'\\" and her lesser-known cover of \\"Bette Davis Eyes\\", but as a full-fledged country singer on this album, she really brings it. While I'm certain that country music audiences perhaps won't take too well to her (its hard to imagine someone so prim and proper singing about dusty backtown roads & whiskey, after all), Gwyneth achieved some airplay with her title track from this CD, and even though it stalled at No. 30 on the Country Songs chart, the album as a whole has been a consistent seller (someone compared it to the \\"Hope Floats\\" soundtrack, and that is a VERY reasonable comparison).<br /><br />This review is for both CDs of \\"Country Strong\\". The first is the standard release thats available in stores, and the second is the download-only \\"More Music\\" album, which ironically contains some of the better cuts. I don't believe that one album can be chosen over the other, as they are both good (and very different) from one another. Still, it gives us a major recording star, a revelation in fact, in Garrett Hedlund, who sounds very close to Ryan Bingham here. The second album is packed with Hedlund tracks and thats a good thing.<br /><br />Gwyneth Paltrow's songs here are often the highlights - some of them are rather iffy, such as the very un-country \\"Coming Home\\", but when she gets it right, she soars. Consider the albums best track - \\"Me and Tennessee\\", a duet with Tim McGraw that works on every possible level. Excellent production, songwriting, and Paltrow's vocals are much better than many contemporary country vocalists. Theres a richness there that cant be denied. Granted shes no Miranda Lambert, but I would rate her vocals ahead of Carrie Underwood (whos screeching sometimes borders on annoying) and Taylor Swift (who basically just talks over some instruments). Her \\"Travis\\" is exceptional - a rough musical number that is interspersed with dialog from the film, and its a surprising standout even in such demo condition. She has less luck with the overwrought \\"A Fighter\\", which seems to try too hard, but even here, you cannot deny her command over her vocal instrument.<br /><br />However, the vocal standouts come on the second album. Garrett's inspired cover of \\"Silver Wings\\" is breathtaking. Its a perfect \\"cruising down the interstate\\" song, and one that sounds remarkably deep on a good sound system. Thats the other thing about this album - all the songs, save for \\"Travis\\", are mastered so well - even better than most current country albums; certainly light years ahead of even \\"Speak Now\\" by Taylor Swift or the last Lady Antebellum CD. I dont know why exactly this is, but its obviously a good thing.<br /><br />Leighton Meester, who plays Blair Waldorf in \\"Gossip Girl\\" is a little out of her element here despite the fact that in real life she is actually a recording star (how on earth that happened one never knows). Pitifully, she is given rather insipid material to work with here, and they are often bookended by such good songs that you end up skipping her tracks entirely. On the first album, she sings \\"Words I couldn't say\\" with an affected southern accent that is rather grating. At least Paltrow gets the twang right (on her singing voice). Meester cant do that. Things get better for her on the second album where she gets one of the best songs - \\"Summer Girl\\". This sounds like a remnant of the 1990s all spruced up (which it is), but Meester does her best Colbie Caillat imitation here, and it works to some degree. At least its listenable. I much prefer her tracks with Hedlund, especially on \\"Give in to me\\".<br /><br />Elsewhere on the first album, there are some great songs by Faith Hill (a good return to form), Sara Evans (who sounds so much lighter and refreshing on \\"A Little Bit Stronger\\" - also her lead single from her 2011 album - than she ever has), and Lee Ann Womack (who according to me is one of the last remaining true country singers). And of course, any compilation has to have a Hank Williams Jr song, so thats here as well. The second album has a plethora of Garrett Hedlund tracks, and in fact at times it feels as an advertisement for perhaps his solo country album, but the fact remains that all of these songs are SO good, and so timeless, that its impossible to find fault with them in any way at all.<br /><br />Even a 'filler' track sung by songwriter Nikki Williams called \\"Fly Again\\" sounds like a radio-friendly country single - so high are the quality of the songs here. Even if you didn't see the movie, \\"Country Strong\\" CD1&2 are superb examples of how to create a compilation country album or soundtrack. It has all the elements for repeat playing, the engineering and sound quality are so good that you just have to buy the physical CD (Im an old-school sorta person), and the genre of country here is real country music, not that pop-rock stuff that often passes for country music these days. Just turn the lights down, get yourself a glass of somethin cold and turn on \\"Me and Tennessee\\" and tell me I'm wrong. Virtually flawless on some levels.<br /><br />Five Stars. Finally a country album worth paying full retail for.<br /><br />Tracklisting:<br /><br />1. \\"Country Strong\\"  - Gwyneth Paltrow 4:15<br />2. \\"Love Don't Let Me Down\\"  - Chris Young and Patty Loveless 2:57<br />3. \\"A Little Bit Stronger\\"  - Sara Evans 5:03<br />4. \\"Chances Are\\"  - Garrett Hedlund 3:25<br />5. \\"Liars Lie\\"  -  Lee Ann Womack 5:19<br />6. \\"She's Actin' Single (I'm Drinkin' Doubles)\\"  - Ronnie Dunn 3:28<br />7. \\"Shake That Thing\\"  - Gwyneth Paltrow 3:54<br />8. \\"Thirsty\\"  - Hank Williams, Jr. 3:12<br />9. \\"Give In to Me\\"  - Faith Hill 4:11<br />10. \\"Timing Is Everything\\"  - Trace Adkins 3:28<br />11. \\"Words I Couldn't Say\\"  - Leighton Meester 4:26<br />12. \\"Coming Home\\"  - Gwyneth Paltrow 4:13<br />13. \\"Me and Tennessee\\"  - Gwyneth Paltrow and Tim McGraw 4:43<br /><br />Country Strong (More Music from the Motion Picture)<br /><br />1. \\"Silver Wings\\"  -  Garrett Hedlund 3:21<br />2. \\"A Little Bit Stronger\\"  - Leighton Meester 5:17<br />3. \\"A Fighter\\"  -  Gwyneth Paltrow 4:33<br />4. \\"Hard Out Here\\"  -  Garrett Hedlund 3:09<br />5. \\"Summer Girl\\"  -  Leighton Meester 3:22<br />6. \\"Keep Me Hangin' On\\"  -  Jypsi 3:36<br />7. \\"Take Me Away\\"  -  Hayes Carll 4:12<br />8. \\"Kissin' In Cars\\" -  Jesse Lee 3:30<br />9. \\"Turn Loose the Horses\\"  -  Garrett Hedlund 3:05<br />10. \\"Travis\\"  -  Gwyneth Paltrow 4:49<br />11. \\"Fly Again\\"  - Nikki Williams 3:55<br />12. \\"Give In to Me\\" -  Garrett Hedlund and Leighton Meester 3:29<br />13. \\"Hide Me Babe\\"  Garrett Hedlund 3:08<br />14. \\"Timing Is Everything\\"  Garrett Hedlund 3:24cording to me is one of the last remaining true country singers). And of course, any compilation has to have a Hank Williams Jr song, so thats here as well. The second album has a plethora of Garrett Hedlund tracks, and in fact at times it feels as an advertisement for perhaps his solo country album, but the fact remains that all of these songs are SO good, and so timeless, that its impossible to find fault with them in any way at all.    Even a 'filler' track sung by songwriter Nikki Williams called \\"Fly Again\\" sounds like a radio-friendly country single - so high are the quality of the songs here. Even if you didn't see the movie, \\"Country Strong\\" CD1&2 are superb examples of how to create a compilation country album or soundtrack. It has all the elements for repeat playing, the engineering and sound quality are so good that you just have to buy the physical CD (Im an old-school sorta person), and the genre of country here is real country music, not that pop-rock stuff that often passes for country music these days. Just turn the lights down, get yourself a glass of somethin cold and turn on \\"Me and Tennessee\\" and tell me I'm wrong. Virtually flawless on some levels.    Five Stars. Finally a country album worth paying full retail for.     Tracklisting:    1. \\"Country Strong\\"   - Gwyneth Paltrow 4:15   2. \\"Love Don't Let Me Down\\"   - Chris Young and Patty Loveless 2:57   3. \\"A Little Bit Stronger\\"   - Sara Evans 5:03   4. \\"Chances Are\\"   - Garrett Hedlund 3:25   5. \\"Liars Lie\\"   -  Lee Ann Womack 5:19   6. \\"She's Actin' Single (I'm Drinkin' Doubles)\\"   - Ronnie Dunn 3:28   7. \\"Shake That Thing\\"  - Gwyneth Paltrow 3:54   8. \\"Thirsty\\"   - Hank Williams, Jr. 3:12   9. \\"Give In to Me\\"   - Faith Hill 4:11   10. \\"Timing Is Everything\\"   - Trace Adkins 3:28   11. \\"Words I Couldn't Say\\"   - Leighton Meester 4:26   12. \\"Coming Home\\"   - Gwyneth Paltrow 4:13   13. \\"Me and Tennessee\\"   - Gwyneth Paltrow and Tim McGraw 4:43     Country Strong (More Music from the Motion Picture)     1. \\"Silver Wings\\"   -  Garrett Hedlund 3:21   2. \\"A Little Bit Stronger\\"   - Leighton Meester 5:17   3. \\"A Fighter\\"   -  Gwyneth Paltrow 4:33   4. \\"Hard Out Here\\"   -  Garrett Hedlund 3:09   5. \\"Summer Girl\\"  -   Leighton Meester 3:22   6. \\"Keep Me Hangin' On\\"   -  Jypsi 3:36   7. \\"Take Me Away\\"  -   Hayes Carll 4:12   8. \\"Kissin' In Cars\\" -    Jesse Lee 3:30   9. \\"Turn Loose the Horses\\"   -  Garrett Hedlund 3:05   10. \\"Travis\\"   -  Gwyneth Paltrow 4:49   11. \\"Fly Again\\"    - Nikki Williams 3:55   12. \\"Give In to Me\\" -   Garrett Hedlund and Leighton Meester 3:29   13. \\"Hide Me Babe\\"     Garrett Hedlund 3:08   14. \\"Timing Is Everything\\"     Garrett Hedlund 3:24
1423134206|4.0|This book has absolutely wonderful content, but the interior seems of inferior printing craftsmanship than the previous two editions. I realize some people think that's just a subjective impression, but I think anyone who buys, collects, handles, or prints books knows the difference. I wouldn't let that stop me from purchasing this book, however, because the cover is just as nice, and the content, as I already mentioned, is wonderful.   Part of what makes this series great is the attempt at minimizing overlapping material from other books. Yes, about half of the material can be had in other books, but those are usually pieces that are so associated with certain films that a book would almost seem incomplete with out them. But just being able to view the \\"new\\" material would be worth the price of the book. There are Snow White concept images that I've never ever seen before, as well as other surprises that will delight the Disney art fan.
1563890119|4.0|La calidad del papel es buena, la tapa es a todo color, pero blanda. Una encuadernacin ms sofisticada me hubiera gustado mas, pero seguramente hubiese encarecido el producto. Son 233 pginas y ya voy mas de la mitad con slo unos das de recibirlo. Me gusta la trama de la historia, me lo compr por curiosidad aunque no soy aficionada a los comics y a veces las vietas me marean un poco, pero si fuera una pelcula, sera un excelente guin. El protagonista tiene esa forma de hablar elocuente y misteriosa...cada tanto dice alguna que otra frase memorable, cargada de irona y un humor peculiar. Entiendo ahora por qu sirvi de inspiracin a Eric Kripke...
B001ERMYCA|5.0|This will always be my favorite album by linkin Park. When i got a computer virus, the first album i bought back was this one ^^ The music is.. just amazing. So much purpose, unlike pop and those \\"other\\" genres. You should definetly buy this ! :)
B0037KMHRY|5.0|when i went to see this movie i read here and there about a good soundtrack but noy knowing who daft punk was(sorry i don't really follow contemporary music,i'm more a classic jazz,soul music lover)i was completely blown away by everything,yes the movie images were amazing and just thrilling but i realized very soon it all was very much so because of this haunting music in that movie.<br />i allways love a good score,loved the 1960's andre previn,quincy jones,but also john williams,or zimmer in contemporary soundtracks and soundtracks are a very underrated musical genre.but every once in a while a masterpiece comes along and especially from a band or composer you least expect it,like this one.tron legacy's will be remembered for it's epic soundtrack.i hope it wins a lot of prizes because after seeing the movie3times!!!!!yes i saw it 3times,partly because i went to the theater like i went to a concert,i enjoyed the music more and more,untill i had to just go out and buy the cd!having it in my car now for a few weeks i am allways drawn to it,i just have to listen to it every day!<br />so whoever wants to hear an amazing soundtrack,buy it!<br />the dark moods just get so under your skin,the combination of traditional orchetral soundtrack with early 80's synth electronics work so amazingly well it is a sing of genious,the(daft punk)showed the world they are more than just an electro funk dance band,they are great composers,so whoever decidet to put daft punk on this movie should get some kind of recognition!!<br />simply the best soundtrack i heard the last 10years
B002M2N9JI|4.0|Good stuff - all tracks are well executed. Elly Jackson's voice lends itself well to mutli-tracking, with some nice harmonies resulting.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|Item came in great condition!  Packaging was excellent and protected DVDs well.  Very  pleased with my purchase and would recommend to anyone!
0060751967|5.0|The Love at Stake series as a whole is awesome, but you have to get past this first book. It is hard to believe that the author who wrote this book is the same one who wrote the rest of the series, because How to Marry a Millionaire Vampire was just blah, but I kept reading and wasn't able to put the rest of the books down.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I bought these movies because it was recommended by lots of viewer and specially a psychologist that also recommended.  It's a movie that you do not see that often anymore, \\"Is really beautiful\\" with a beautiful message.
0307272702|5.0|I am eternally grateful to Mr. Taubes. All fat people owe him such a debt of gratitude. I am so over the diet industry that promotes the \\"calories in/ calories out\\" model of weight loss. It is insanity! Weight Watchers, Jenny Craig, Nutrisystem: what they are is programs of self-imposed starvation. The weight loss that is achieved through weeks and months of self-denial and hunger pangs will never last. The minute that your body grows tired of being in a state of constant hunger, something will snap and you will be driven to eat till you are finally satiated, and that is the first moment you can kiss your weight loss good-bye. The only way to maintain that weight loss is to self-starve for the rest of your life! That is what many skinny women do. That is what the 5% of Weight Watchers members that keep their weight off do. Starvation. And then there's the psychological toll that the theories of sloth/gluttony bring upon those of us who are overweight. I mean, how ultimately demeaning and patronizing are shows like \\"The Biggest Loser\\", all wrapped up in the false packaging of helping the fat people. Yeah, OK.   I have followed the guidelines that are put forth in \\"Why We Get Fat\\". I've lost 15 lbs. already, effortlessly. Best of all, I feel so much better. More energy. Less cravings. Vitality. Hello, Life!
1594202842|4.0|A few points about myself first before the review:  I am of Chinese ethnic origin, born and grew up in South East Asia, living in a very cosmopolitan, modern city (with influx of international visitors) for 15 years before coming to US as a Ph.D. student (i.e. a full grown adult.)  My first 6 years of education was in Chinese, so I am proficient in written Chinese language and able to read and understand some of tradition classic text & poems.   My upbringing was very STRICT and my father was a complete male chauvinist, where only sons were considered as part of the family and that it was better off for daughters to be uneducated and submissive.   As a daughter, I managed to achieve the education that I had all on my own.   Being a Chinese, (FuChiaese, just as Amy is also) I may correctly point out some of her claims of typical Chinese to be not accurate.   First and foremost, traditional (Confucius type) Chinese sees lack of son as most unfilial to the family as ancestor worship was central to Confucius teaching.    I personally DO NOT agree with most of Confucius teaching!   If that man is alive today, he and I would have lots to debate about.    I came across this book from the TV (talks on ABC nearly every day for a week), so I read it during my Barnes&Nobles visits.     That is actually a rather fun book to read. I got to say that I laugh my head off reading most pages!    Most of the time I couldn't believe that she would write things, which to me were so self-deprecating - given that she does has air of superiority of herself and her family background (from the very beginning of the book.)   I agree with one of the reviewer that \\"Amy Chua is intoxicated in her own sense of superiority.\\"    But she is also so hilarious - like that way she compared her dog Coco with her friends' dogs!  And how she has to research all over to convince herself that her dog's breed is one of the most intelligent!  This is what in FuChian(or in Singapore) as Kia Sue -- meaning fearof being a loser!   It is good that she can admit that is how crazy she is.   I am glad that she is NOT my neighbor, co-worker, or someone that I have to bump into in my daily life!  Her personality type would drive me crazy with all the comparisons and competitions!   Please let me clarify to all the non-Chinese:  she is NOT the typical Chinese woman!    To be fair, Amy did mention at near beginning of the book her loose \\"definition of Chinese or Western parenting\\" - I think it would be more accurate to be \\"Hot-Housing versus Lackadaisical parenting.\\"     I personally know a Caucasian mother (refer her as B, a successful professional) who told me of her attempts to hot-house her son (at months old) 30+ years ago.   Her son just COMPLETELY IGNORED any of her flash card waving or cajoling.   So, apparently NOT all children are susceptible to hot housing!   B was anything but Lackadaisical about parenting.  B's daughter can just concentrate on being excellent in her studies to be a successful doctor while her parents took care of all her other living aspects.  Though it is kind of an obligation that she calls her mother to talk about her daily encounters in her life.   So, Hot-Housing parenting is not confined to Chinese or Asian only.  There are just as many Hot-Housing parents of other ethnic group.  And there are many Lackadaisical parents of Asian ethnic group.  I am more incline to conclude that Hot-housing correlate with financial standing of the family.    Fortunate for Amy, her first daughter, was a very compliant and suitable candidate for hot-housing though the second is not very compliant but still can be coerced into hot-housing when she was a child and broke off as she turned into a teenager.    Other aspects that are indicative that her parenting is NOT typical Chinese include: the piano/violin lessons, her fetching the children in between office hours for classes.  Those lesions are very expensive, not affordable in any average Chinese family and not every Chinese mother has the flexibility to be running in and out of office like she did!   So, her claim of Chinese mother should at most be confined to an elite group of financially well-off families.  But all in all, kudos to Amy.  She did work HARD!  SO HARD! And may be her effort apparently paid off for far.  Good luck to her that she'd need to look for something else to spin herself as her daughters are grown up and do no longer need her around them all the time.
B003QCCS36|5.0|Ray LaMontagne is easily one of my favorite musicians.  You can hear the art and skill he puts into each of his songs.  There isn't a single song that isn't amazing on this CD.
B001GMH8SI|5.0|This movie was very good. I bought this movie for my boyfriend, now I'm thinking of getting one for myself.
B000000WJZ|5.0|A fantastic list of songs.  One of the best cd's I have ever come across.  It continues to be great.
B00127RAJY|5.0|First of all, I've been exercising for 4 months now for my wedding. I've lost a lot of weight from Curves, working out at home, and eating better. I got the video to help me push through the last month. I popped it in and immediately was feeling the burn. The work out is simple and easy-to-follow, but I was sweating and panting like crazy. It was the most intense work out I have done in the last few months. I'm thrilled that it isn't one of those videos that have hard steps and make it seem like it's easy. This video is literally jumping jacks, sit-ups and lunges. You can do it. Anyone can do it. I recommend this to anyone who is committed to a hard work out.
B0036S4C6G|4.0|After really not seeing the attraction of Jennifer Egan's last novel, The Keep, I was skeptical about A Visit From the Good Squad. Luckily, I was won over by the fawning reviews - it would be a shame to miss this inventive work.<br />Good Squad, like most great fiction, works on more than one level. At the surface, it straddles a line... not quite a traditional narrative, but more than an overlapping set of stories. She hopscotches through about 40 years in the lives of a loosely connected group of New Yorkers and their caroming links to the music industry. Each of the six or 10 central characters are uniquely interesting and richly colored, and a much larger supporting cast provides lush backdrop. If there's a criticism of this cast, in fact, it's that Egan invented much deeper mines than she ultimately tapped - many of the characters were ripe for further exploration, and she would have to sacrifice her deft touch for approaching some of her most dramatic turning points solely through the aftermath. When her confidence catches up to the talent she showed here, we're in for some fireworks.<br />Egan has returned often to fiction as a scaffolding for biting criticism of modern life, particularly the dehumanizing impact of technology. In Good Squad, she manages to keep that theme through light but unmistakable brushstrokes... only in the closing chapter does she become heavy-handed. Her flirtation with obsequiousness is testament to her youth, and her quick recovery - the cleanest of landings, for the both the narrative and the commentary - marks her craftsmanship.<br />This is an author worth watching. Her evolution since just her last novel is remarkable. Count me in.
1591843162|5.0|Seth Godin has written several Awesome books. He is the father of Permission Marketing. He asks the question \\"Are you invalable (to your company)?\\" If you answered \\"no\\" or \\"I don't know\\", read this book and Seth will teach you how to become invaluable . . a Linchpin! Sign up for Seth's blog for a daily dose of his wisdom delivered to your Kindle.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|As a long time fan of Josh Groban,(leader of the \\"Men Who can Sing\\" pack), I have been blown away by this CD.  Other reviewers have described the tracks in detail, so I will just say that I am impressed with the depth of emotion in \\"Illuminations\\".  I don't know how many times I have listened to \\"Bells of New York City\\" and \\"Higher Window\\".  They are 2 of my favorites, but I like them all. When he sings \\"follow me\\" on \\"If I Walk Away\\", you want to say, \\"Go on, follow him\\".   JG has grown as an artist, but more importantly, as a person.  He is believable when he sings about missed chances and lost love.  He has such a great voice that it doesn't need to be propped up by the lavish accompaniment found on his earlier CD's.  I loved them as well, but like to hear his voice stripped down like this.  I admit I don't quite see why some folks are not happy with this offering.  If you like his voice, it's still here.  He really isn't America's favorite choirboy any longer.  He is one of America's greatest male vocalists.
B003R0LBVW|5.0|If you know what it's like to hate the people you love, these characters--especially Patty and Walter--will make sense. Beautiful.
B0042U94UQ|4.0|While not a bad film,it has some notable plotholes like \\"Why can't Gru just steal some money from a normal bank to make a rocket or better yet,steal a rocket from NASA? Plothole #2:How come the kids never figure out that Gru is a supervillain? His House looks like it was made by the Addams Family. Plothole 3: How come NOBODY has call the police on Gru? He has done over a million bad things over the years. He should be in jail by now. The animation is first-rate. The cast even Vector is likeable. The story is nice,thoughful and even some how heart-warming at the end. It also has some nice twists and turns thoughout the film. The comedy is a good reminder of the Looney Tunes short and even the Spy vs Spy shorts from MAD. Overall, It's a nice film for anyone to see. I give this film a 9 out of 10.
B002ZG994U|5.0|Great action movie and seemed to lead up to the series. Recently watching series episodes and still like the original actors. I recommend this movie.
0385341679|5.0|The 5th book in the Fever Series.  If you have not read the other 4 books, you will not understand, or appreciate, the delicious answers and continued questions in Shadowfever.  Start with Darkfever.  Oh!  The end to 5 years of questions and theories in the forum!  But wait, it's not!  The Fever Series will continue through other characters!  Karen Moning's plot, character development, twists...sigh.  I can't find the words to express how much I love this series and its characters, or Karen's abilities as an author.  If you enjoy paranormal books with characters who have to earn their place, instead of starting off invincible in leather, then Fever Series is for you!
B002K0WBXW|5.0|I have watched a ton of Sandra Bullock movies, but this one (along with the Blind Side) is by far my favorite.  The script was awesome and funnier than your average romantic comedy.  I enjoyed all 108 minutes thoroughly with the exception of one weird scene in the middle with Bettie White chanting in the middle of the woods.  Overall, an awesome movie!<br /><br />One suggestion:  after you watch do not turn off the DVD right away because one of the funniest parts of the movie is actually the credits!
0061726826|5.0|Magdalena \\"Lena\\" Haloway Tiddle exists in a future where on your eighteenth birthday you have a procedure that will cure you from contracting the disease amor deliria nervosa - \\"the deadliest of all deadly things.\\"<br /><br />Although most people are cured when they turn eighteen, the disease can still get you before then and so every precaution is taken. There are guarded borders protecting the cured and soon-to-be-cured from the Wilds where the Invalids, those who refused the cure, exist. Conversation is monitored. Physical contact is rarely permitted. Interaction between two uncured individual of the opposite sex is not allowed. Raids are conducted to ensure adherence to the rules.<br /><br />But none of these protections are infallible. The disease can infect you beforehand and the cure doesn't always work. Lena has been anxiously awaiting the day when she too will be cured and will no longer be at risk for infection. She had witnessed the effects of the disease on both her mother and sister and the shame it brought to her and the rest of her family.<br /><br />All she wants is to just make it through the next ninety-five days until her procedure, so she can receive her match whom she will marry upon finishing college and spend the rest of her life safe and normal. But ninety-five days is a long time, and when something goes wrong on her evaluation day it will turn her world around and make Lena question everything she's ever believed in and everything she's ever wanted.<br /><br />***<br /><br />Delirium is the stunning first book in a new series by Lauren Oliver about a dystopian society in which love is considered a disease that threatens safety and stability and the only hope to stop the infection is to undergo the cure - a procedure administered at age eighteen.<br /><br />Delirium has such sophistication, eloquence and beauty in the writing that it rivals novels like White Oleander aimed at an adult audience. The story is hypnotic and you will get caught up and lost in the fluidity of the words and the breathtaking imagery.<br /><br />This is not a quick or light read and there is not a lot of dialogue in this book. There are many ideas that need to be absorbed, but nothing that feels extraneous. Every word and every idea has meaning. Even the book's concept alone is fascinating - just taking love out of the equation could make for a more peaceful society.<br /><br />Lauren Oliver is an insanely good writer with an extraordinary imagination. There is such a level of detail put into this story, from the passages that introduce each chapter, to all the elements that had to be included to look at this \\"problem\\" from all angles, to taking the character from acceptance of society to her disdain for it.<br /><br />Ms. Oliver did not create a cute story with characters that were instantly lovable going on wacky adventures. Throughout there is an undercurrent of bleakness and desolation. While this is a story of a futuristic fictional society, the ideas were very real and were well thought out and expressed.<br /><br />There are simply no words to describe how amazing and powerful this story is. No words.<br /><br />A couple amazing passages from the book that really showcase the author's writing:<br /><br />  Everything else--every single second of every single day that has come before this very moment, this kiss--has meant nothing.<br /><br />  I know that life isn't life if you just float through it. I know that the whole point--the only point--is to find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.breathtaking imagery.    This is not a quick or light read and there is not a lot of dialogue in this book. There are many ideas that need to be absorbed, but nothing that feels extraneous. Every word and every idea has meaning. Even the book's concept alone is fascinating - just taking love out of the equation could make for a more peaceful society.    Lauren Oliver is an insanely good writer with an extraordinary imagination. There is such a level of detail put into this story, from the passages that introduce each chapter, to all the elements that had to be included to look at this \\"problem\\" from all angles, to taking the character from acceptance of society to her disdain for it.    Ms. Oliver did not create a cute story with characters that were instantly lovable going on wacky adventures. Throughout there is an undercurrent of bleakness and desolation. While this is a story of a futuristic fictional society, the ideas were very real and were well thought out and expressed.    There are simply no words to describe how amazing and powerful this story is. No words.    A couple amazing passages from the book that really showcase the author's writing:        Everything else--every single second of every single day that has come before this very moment, this kiss--has meant nothing.        I know that life isn't life if you just float through it. I know that the whole point--the only point--is to find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.
0760335540|5.0|Having used Wayne's online help through Pelican Parts, I was expecting a lot. Well he certainly delivered! A great book, beautifully presented, simply written & very informative. An absolute must for any Boxster owner.   Thanks !!!
0525423273|4.0|Perkins has created a lovely story that will leave you begging for more.  Anna and the French Kiss is a wonderful book, and I most definitely recommend it to any reader who seeks a foreign love story.
0525951652|1.0|I have read all of Ken Follet's books and am exceedingly disappointed with his most recent novel - Fall of Giants.  His books are always highly entertaining, but this one is a complete bore. One of Follet's greatest attributes is his ability to create suspense, and this book is devoid of suspense.  The book centers around four relationships and WWI.  I would strongly disuade anyone from purchasing this novel.  It is one of the 5 most tedious books I have ever read in 38-years of avid reading.
B004289ZW0|5.0|I am a Pilot and have been using IPad for the past 7 months for both VFR/IFR flight planning and as an Electronic Flight Bag but I didn't believe that GPS based situational awareness would be possible with IPad.. but this bluetooth GPS made me change my mind the first time I tried it. The Moving map on WingX and Foreflight apps works just like the G1000 - glass cockpit. Using thi, I never lost GPS connection on any of my past 11 flights and felt a lot more comfortable to have another tool for situational awareness especially while making instrument approaches and taxiing the plane on busy airports.<br /><br />Things to note - It does have automatic Overheat Cut-off so try to put into a well ventilated place away from sun and your body. I have had that shut down few times and finally I figured to give it more room to air out :)
B003TSEL7S|5.0|I loved the Percy Jackson series and this was equally as amazing!Even though I miss Annabeth and Percy going on quests I'm glad they're still important characters and I can't wait until The Son of Neptune!!!!!!
B003YWUTJI|4.0|Having such disparate types of music on the same CD makes me choose a different one to listen to quite often. I love some of the songs but there are a couple that I usually skip when they come on.
B00280LYHS|5.0|I love the Percy Jackson series and the ending was very satisfying. All of the important questions were answered but I really wish Riordan could make more even though I love The Lost Hero. I loveee the Percy Jackson books!!!!!!!!!!!!
0307454541|3.0|I saw the first two movies before reading the first novel. I enjoyed the films, especially the character of Salander. The book, however, suffers (as others have pointed out) from far too much \\"telling,\\" i.e., summarizing of past events and exposition. I can't help but think that if this had been submitted to an American publisher, it would have been quickly returned. After about page 250 or so, Larsson does begin to \\"show\\" more of the story, but he never quite reaches the point where he does so consistently.<br /><br />When I read a novel, I want to experience the action from the characters' points of view. I want to \\"be\\" there with them as they engage in the story. Too much \\"telling\\" is an elementary problem in the work of beginning fiction writers. Too often they feel some kind of odd compulsion to write a history rather than a novel. Another shortcoming of \\"telling\\" is that it keeps the reader (and the author?) at arm's length from what is happening. But detachment would seem to me to be the _last_ thing a writer would seek for himself or his readers. \\"Showing\\" helps create involvement, immediacy, and interest, values for a novel that are sorely lacking for the first half of this book.<br /><br />The story came more alive when Salander appeared. I liked her almost libertarian attitudes towards her right to live her own life without the forced control or authority of others using her for their own ends. But too much of this \\"story\\" sat there on the page, lifeless and dull, without energy or excitement to draw in (this) reader (at least).<br /><br />Perhaps Larsson improved in the subsequent books in this series.
0393307050|5.0|Just a wonderful story. I love the Jane Austen storytelling and was unsure this would appeal to me at all. But it does sweep you away to another time just like Jane. The characters are so well written and the stories so fast paced that it makes you want to reread it.  It's a thrill for the reader from start to finish!
B0007O8OYI|5.0|What a beautiful and evocative score for a beautiful and evocative movie. This particular soundtrack appears to be not so easily found these days. It seems that it's no longer being produced on CD and there's very little of it available as downloads. I tend to prefer CDs to downloads simply because I find the artistic integrity of an album, plus the physicality of owning an album, superior to the pick-and-choose mentality of downloads. When artists put together an album, they usually do so with a purpose and a roadmap. When consumers simply pick and choose which parts of an album they want to own, they generally miss the whole point of it. This CD is worth owning.
0763644765|4.0|plus some pages don't even have words. it's hard to read it aloud to my child when the pages don't have words!
0156027321|5.0|This was truly a masterpiece of storytelling, full of humor and sadness and insight into the human condition.  You will laugh out loud and be horrified.  I never wanted it to end.  I will be buying the illustrated version.
B0009P5YXO|5.0|I bought this as a birthday present for my husband, as he's developed quite an interest in the tv show. The sound effects are spot on, sounding just like the effects in the show. He's having a blast with this.
1594202842|3.0|Overall this is an essay \\"on parenting\\" not \\"how to be a parent\\" by a holy-than-thou New England college professor; about \\"a\\" Chinese mother not \\"The\\" Chinese mother.  The writing style does sound condescending to a casual reader, especially those who has decent education (some of her fiercest reader seem to be the real immigrant parents who most likely has a Ph.D. degree).  Nevertheless, the first half of the book is fun to read, and I have to say, occasionally inspirational.  The second half, I do not see much of humbleness (if anything an unwillingness acceptance of defeat), rather quite upsetting and a degree of emptiness.      A funny (maybe trivia) point is that Professor Chau seemed to view herself as \\"immigrant parents\\"; she is not.  Her upbringing has more impacts on how she becomes and behaves as parent; it has less to do with her ethnicity (which again strictly speaking, she is no Chinese).    Seriously though, I think by the end she did not \\"get it\\".  The difficulty and issue between her and Lulu, as told in the book, is beyond parenting.  It has more to do with handling relationship.  Here readers can see (with much of their relief) of an American girl growing up in her own way and thanks God in the right way.  The mother seems to view herself as having absolute authority over her daughter as another person.  And that, quite frankly, no single person has absolute authority to any other person.  Not with any dictator (coincidently while I am reading this book, the revolution in Egypt is happening); not with any \\"tiger\\" (or \\"dragon\\" or whatever) mother.      Lastly, I can not help but thinking what her poor husband was thinking (and what he did if anything) at that particular restaurant in Moscow.  The fighting between mother and daughter was really out of control; there's no reason to justify it whatsoever.  What did the father do?
B002MQYOFW|5.0|There are already so many reviews, I feel it will be almost pointless for me to add my two cents but I enjoyed this book too much not to do so.<br /><br />I've just, less than 10 minutes ago, finished reading the book. I suppose I shouldn't be reviewing already and I should really let my emotions settle but...<br /><br />So, I can't really think of anything I didn't like about the book right now... The writing was clear, prose flowed beautifully, characters well developed, plot intriguing... hmm...<br /><br />I will warn that this is a dark, twisted dystopia. The minds behind the Capitol are extremely messed up! Yet, although it's based on a future world, some of the human characteristics and acts apply even today and have for a long time- think of the 'games' at the Colosseum in Roman times. Think watching Fear Factor, Survivor, I'm a Celebrity, Get me out of here! or even the death defying stunts at a circus, air show or just Evel Knievel- the accident you can't look away from, the fascination of watching someone put their lives at risk or doing something completely gross or terrifying. Now up that by the power of future technology. Now multiply by child soldiers - it's disturbing and takes your breath away as you follow these kids' stories, struggling to remember your own humanity.<br /><br />But for me, one of the most poignant bits comes near the end of the book - the way the people of the Capitol remember the Games. To them, the deaths are entertaining, unreal. To them, it's so cool to see how one child killed another in some clever way - they don't stop to think that a child was forced to kill another child in order to survive or how wrong it is to put any human being through that for entertainment or of how it must be for the families left behind.<br /><br />I can't say enough about this book. 'Fortunately' I can't quite afford the next two books yet - fortunate because I kind of abandoned real life and sleep because I couldn't 'put this book down'. My poor Kindle needs sleep too I think lol
B004EI3ON4|5.0|What can I say, daft punk did it again. Not only is this a sick soundtrack, but every song on this soundtrack is what kept me watching the movie. The movie was spectacular visually, but i thought they could of done a better job with the story. Overall I gave this soundtrack a 5/5 enjoy it as much as I am.
B0010SKUYM|5.0|Anyone who enjoys fantasy will love this book. The magic is easy to understand unlike Harry Potter's flick of a wand and someone dies or a firestorm is created.    The characters are descripted perfectly to the point where you think you know them. When you finish and put down the book or kindle you will not be dissapointed.
0061726826|5.0|loved it!<br /><br />From the author of Before I Fall, Delirium is a love story set in a time and place where love itself is outlawed. 17 year old Lena (short for Magdalena) is anxiously awaiting her rite of passage to become safeguarded from the deadly disease known as Amor Deliria Nervosa, aka love. People are forced at the age of 18 to go through a procedure where the brain is surgically altered to be incapable of strong emotions, attachments, and love.<br /><br />This is because society has deemed love & strong emotions to be dangerous and the catalyst for social problems like violence and hate. The solution therefore is without love, there can then be no hate, and without hate society is safe. Or so it seems...<br /><br />Lena's own mother was mortally infected by the \\"disease\\", so she is hyper-aware and terrified of anything that could be a risk for it. But things change when she shocks herself and meets a boy who draws out a passion within her she never realized she had. From there her story mixes with dark adventure and incredible sacrifices that end with a bittersweet yet beautiful outcome. Overall I loved Oliver's writing and her description of the intensity of first love is perfect. Like the average teenage girl, I had a first love and it was such an intense and confusing experience, so I definitely could see how Lena's character would have a difficulty deciding between the promise of an uncomplicated life versus the chance of being hurt, tears and heartache.<br /><br />We ask ourselves all the time if it's worth putting our heart on the line. Love can at once be our greatest fear and greatest hope, and I love how well Lauren Oliver conveyed that in Delirium. It's a great YA book and I look forward to reading the next in the series for sure!<br /><br />You might like this if you liked:<br />Matched, The Twilight Series, The Hunger Games Trilogy, Before I Fall, Uglies series
B001PB3RU8|1.0|they should  have stopped  at Dog Days Are Over.  The rest is way out there    kenneth haft
B001R4KQDE|5.0|A MUST OWN for your Blu-Ray collection.  The picture UNREAL and of course it is SIN CITY. The movie itself ROCKS!!!
B003EI2EH2|1.0|he pays people to troll these boards and give him great reviews -- he comes up with his book ideas via basic internet research.  There is NO substance to this guy at all, just marketing crap.  Anyone giving him any money to keep doing this stuff is just ensuring that style is going to win out over substance. Please don't contribute money to this guy.  Bleck.
B000055XMF|5.0|Who would think the Who made this movie? Being British I really enjoy watching this.  There isn't many British movies about teenage life.  Thats why this is such a gem.  The part I like is when Jimmy is at the party and his mates are having sex.  He gets upset.  Looking at his face the watcher senses his saddness because hes not shaging no birds.  Its too bad Sid Vicious was never in this movie.  He could've of played Jimmy better then Phil Daniels.  Nuff said.
0634022296|5.0|This is the beatle bible book that every serious beatle tribute band uses! and thats a real fact!<br />if you master the chords in this book you can play with any beatle tribute band in the world!<br />\\"JUST DON'T TRY JOINING THE ROLLING CLONES FROM LOS ANGELES !
B004A8EI9M|5.0|This is true to the typical zombie movie genre, but it's a series.  It's well produced.  Acting is good.  I leaves you wanting more... brains.
B002IKLZZY|5.0|Great movie, great cast.  This is when movies were movies.  Cary Grant is just spectacular in this film, Eva Marie Saint is tops too.  Grant is so funny in the auction scene, it's laugh out loud good times.  Hitchcock had a good 5 year run here, between \\"Rear Window\\" and \\"North By Northwest\\".  One of hollywoods top 5 movies!
B002ZG981E|5.0|There's no much I can say about the story that already been said.  The complexity of it is mind blowing.  A smart movie for smart audience.  Trust me, if you don't like to think or add 2 times 2, this is not the movie for you.<br /><br />What I love about this Blue-Ray edition (besides the movie itself) is the features.  \\"Extraction mode\\" is a unique way of watching the film and learning how everything came to be.  Christopher Nolan is one of my top 5 directors and story-tellers EVER!!.  He start this story 10 years ago, and since has been shaping and fixing the script to give it form it has now.  It was SO cool to know how the zero gravity scene was made, and the rotary hotel lobby too.  Just fantastic.  Joseph Gordon Levitt is great in it.<br /><br />Disc 2 have a documentary about dreams that is pretty interesting.  Also in this disc is the Cobol Mission.  An animatic kind of short story previous to the beginning of the movie.  Is short but cool.<br /><br />I dunno man, if you don't have this movie yet or haven't seen it, get it!!.  Is that good, and the fact the Academy didn't nominate Nolan for Best Directo r this year takes out credibility to the Oscars as never before.  How can Toy Story be nominated for Best Animation Film and Best Picture and Chrstopher Nolan is not nominated for Best Screen Writter and Best Director.<br /><br />Watch this Blue-Ray and see what I mean.  Direct this movie must be one of the most difficult things to do, and yet there's no reward to it.
B000002HRE|5.0|Yet another underrated album from Metallica.<br /><br />Just like the recent Load, ReLoad has been getting a lot of mixed reactions from fans of all kinds. Personally, I think this, just like Load, stands on its own. It doesn't have that same thrash sound from recent albums, but it's a bit refreshing to have the band experience with new sounds. I'll admit that it sounds more mainstream than, say, Master of Puppets, but the songs are very well-made. \\"Fuel\\" and \\"The Memory Remains\\" turn out to be very good introductions to the album. \\"Devil's Dance\\" is a solid hard rocker, while \\"The Unforgiven II\\" is impressive, even if it doesn't really match the first \\"Unforgiven\\" from the Black Album. The next three songs (\\"Better Than You,\\" \\"Slither,\\" and \\"Carpe Diem Baby\\") precede to show off Metallica's new sounds carefully, but \\"Bad Seed\\" sort of becomes a distraction, as it is, to me, the weakest song on the album. \\"Where The Wild Things Are\\" picks it up again, and \\"Prince Charming\\" sort of reminds me of the hard-hitting atmospheres from ...And Justice For All. The last three songs (\\"Low Man's Lyric,\\" \\"Attitude,\\" and \\"Fixxxer\\") are decent closers.<br /><br />Despite some of the poor receptions that these two albums (Load/ReLoad) got, I still think that both albums were very good experiments for the band. Of course, I still prefer Ride the Lightning and The Black Album, but ReLoad is still a very enjoyable experience.<br /><br />Grade: 9.1/10<br /><br />Also from Metallica:<br />-Ride the Lightning (9.8/10) [[ASIN:B000002H2H Ride the Lightning]]<br />-Master of Puppets (8/10) [[ASIN:B000002H33 Master of Puppets]]<br />-...And Justice for All (9.7/10) [[ASIN:B000002H6C ...And Justice For All]]<br />-The Black Album (9.8/10) [[ASIN:B000002H97 Metallica]]<br />-Load (9.3/10) [[ASIN:B000002HMH Load]]
B0021L8V1Q|5.0|I must admit that I liked the movie this time better.  After I saw it in the theater I felt a bit empty.  I thought like the story wasn't as strong as the first movie.  I think now that the movie was a fun one to watch.  I still think is not as great as the first one was, but I think it was very good taking into account the studio demands.<br /><br />I know now why Jon Favreu is not coming back for the 3rd movie.  In the documentaries he looks tired and not very happy with the studio giving him so little time to finish the movie, hense a lot of changes were made.  Speaking of documentaries, the features for this movie were so much fun than the first movie.  Deleted scenes were a lot of fun.<br /><br />For the price you should get this.  Is very good.
031612057X|5.0|\\"Today I'm five. I was four last night going to sleep in Wardrobe, but when I wake up in Bed in the dark I'm changed to five, abracadabra.\\" (Opening lines)    \\"Jack is five, and excited about his birthday. He lives with his Ma in Room, which has a locked door and a skylight, and measures eleven feet by eleven feet. He loves watching TV, and the cartoon characters he calls friends, but he knows that nothing he sees on screen is truly real - only him, Ma and the things in Room. Until the day Ma admits that there's a world outside...\\" (Back cover)    Room ticks all the boxes for movie directors - suspense, disbelief, survival and strong characterisation. But I can't imagine how a movie could convey the completeness of Jack's world as powerfully as the book.    Vivid descriptions. Heart-wrenching. I haven't read anything like it.  If you like vivid descriptions try the classic [[ASIN:0553381679 The Clan of the Cave Bear: Earth's Children]]
B002ZG98C8|4.0|The action starts immediately and does not let up.  It is not your typical action movie but it is easy to follow and very entertaining.
B002JVWRAE|5.0|I'm a HUGE fan of the Vampire Diaries!!! I was so excited to receive my purchased Vampire Diaries on bluray & I swear I finished watching it all in 3 days!!! The bluray has amazing picture & clarity. Definately recommend!!!
0385738757|3.0|I had a hard time deciding how to rate The Scorch Trials. I think 3 is really a little low because I did enjoy it and found it hard to put down. If 3.5 stars was an option, that's closer to how I feel about it.<br />THINGS I ENJOYED: The book starts out more quickly than The Maze Runner, and moves along at a good pace, especially at the beginning. I liked that Thomas has a little bit of a sense of humor in this book, although obviously this series isn't going to be a big laugh-fest. I enjoyed the interesting plot twists, the way I'm still not sure about the motives of several characters or whose side they are really on. Or whose side is the right side to be on, for that matter. There were some genuinely scary moments (although I agree with another reviewer who said the narrative POV is oddly detached, even in moments of extreme crisis) that were well done. (The kids' game \\"I got your nose!\\" will probably always remind me of one particularly horrifying Crank encounter Thomas has. Yuck!)<br />The setting and landscape were described very well. I really got how brutally bright, hot, dry, and awful it was, and I appreciated the explanation of how certain parts of the world came to be that way from the Solar Flares.<br />The character of Brenda was an interesting addition to the mix, and I liked how Dashner teased it from the beginning that there was more to her role in the Scorch Trials than she let on. But there's more to EVERYTHING than what we know at this point, which leads me to...<br />Things I Wasn't Crazy About: While I enjoy a certain amount of open-ended questions, I was hoping for at least a bit of solid information about what WICKED is doing. We still don't know much about WICKED, and the majority of questions from the Maze Runner are still hanging, with a few more added. Characters talk and think about what WICKED is doing, what the trials mean, what Thomas' visions mean, etc., but they get nowhere and neither do we.<br />There are too many nameless, faceless characters and it's weird that Thomas doesn't seem to know all these people he spends every moment of every single day with. They've been whittled down considerably, so maybe we'll find out more about a few of them later on. Speaking of numbers of Gladers dwindling, this book was certainly full of maiming and death, but it started losing shock value after a while. At one point near the end, Thomas notes that the dead bodies he sees aren't people he knew well or cared about so he doesn't really feel anything about their demise. Neither did I.<br />There were times when I expected some revelation or event to have a big pay-off, to explain something or lead to a discovery, but nothing much came of them. Example: The Crank city with signs posted everywhere saying, \\"Thomas is the real leader\\" really didn't amount to anything.<br />When I finished the last page, I found myself kind of wiped out from the whole thing and wishing I had a better grip on what was going on. I realize the middle book in a trilogy exists in part to build up suspense for the final installment, where (hopefully) all will become clear and we'll understand how and why we got to this point.<br />I'm involved enough in the series to want to find out what WICKED is up to and what role Thomas and the others play in their plans. I'm encouraged by Thomas resolving that he's not going to be a pawn in WICKED's game, and curious to see how this new resolve of his plays out. I will certainly read The Death Cure when it's released, and I'm holding on to hope that Dashner has a really tight plan for wrapping things up and answering the many questions left unanswered in The Scorch Trials.it's weird that Thomas doesn't seem to know all these people he spends every moment of every single day with. They've been whittled down considerably, so maybe we'll find out more about a few of them later on. Speaking of numbers of Gladers dwindling, this book was certainly full of maiming and death, but it started losing shock value after a while. At one point near the end, Thomas notes that the dead bodies he sees aren't people he knew well or cared about so he doesn't really feel anything about their demise. Neither did I.   There were times when I expected some revelation or event to have a big pay-off, to explain something or lead to a discovery, but nothing much came of them. Example: The Crank city with signs posted everywhere saying, \\"Thomas is the real leader\\" really didn't amount to anything.  When I finished the last page, I found myself kind of wiped out from the whole thing and wishing I had a better grip on what was going on. I realize the middle book in a trilogy exists in part to build up suspense for the final installment, where (hopefully) all will become clear and we'll understand how and why we got to this point.   I'm involved enough in the series to want to find out what WICKED is up to and what role Thomas and the others play in their plans. I'm encouraged by Thomas resolving that he's not going to be a pawn in WICKED's game, and curious to see how this new resolve of his plays out. I will certainly read The Death Cure when it's released, and I'm holding on to hope that Dashner has a really tight plan for wrapping things up and answering the many questions left unanswered in The Scorch Trials.
B00447L4JG|4.0|This movie is one of the best there is. It is early Tim Burton and people of every age can relate to all the characters.
B003W5C0VW|3.0|The 1972 Rolling Stones tour was one of their best by all accounts.  I saw this film when it was in theaters in 1974.  The music is great.  However, it suffers from the same thing that plagues most Stones videos.  For almost the entire film, the cameras focus is on Jagger.  If you didn't know better, you'd think it was Mick Jagger and his backup band.  What these film makers don't seem to realize is that most fans of the band are fans of the band and not just Mick.  Many of us want to see the guys playing.  Instead, the viewer is bombarded with Mick and more Mick with very few shots of Keith and Charlie playing.  The focus on Mick Taylor only happens during his solos.  The most egregious example is the first few lines of Happy, where we get a closeup of Jagger's butt instead of Keith at the microphone.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I ordered this product because I needed a lightweight easy to usesharpener for my hunting/camping/emergency gear. I have owned several of this type of drag through fixed angle sharpeners and have never been very pleased with the end result. Not the case on this one. I tried it out as soon as I got it and was shocked at the edge that it was able to put on all of my knives of various shapes and sizes. I will not only recomend this product but I will probably give them as gifts to friends and family.
006145205X|5.0|From time to time, when you read a book you experience something new. This is exactly what happens here. Matt Ridley has intuitions about our world that return us those things that we had lost without have had them ever.<br />To begin, maybe there is a reason for what we prefer a catastrophe rather than a common fact, even a good one. That's why some people say that there is no news in a dog biting a guy but there is one in a guy biting a dog. And that's the reason, among others, why pessimism is all around you and optimism has bad press. Optimism does not sell their books. Pessimism hits the list.<br />But this one might change the tendency.<br />The book mister Ridley wrote has been structured in eleven sections or chapters. Any one of them takes part, from our perspective in the XXI century, of a survey about how much better do we live now with respect to that time that romantic poets labeled as the time of the innocence of man. And as long as he does it you begin to see how the world looks like when you understand what innocence means from an evolutionary perspective, one that includes Adam Smith and Charles Darwin up to Dan Dennet and others. When you do that, you can put together the pieces of the puzzle and begin to see the whole picture (from Keats to Bill Gates and from Victor Hugo to Ian McEwan).<br />Thus, since \\"ideas have sex,\\" the book begins with a truly romantic section: \\"A better today...\\" up to the intrinsic final one, namely: \\"The catallaxy: rational optimism  about 2100.\\" I could quote hundreds of lines that I underlined but I think it is better to propose you to think in something very hard about our time: climate?, overpopulation?, starvation?, wars? And then, with all that stuff on mind please push a button and ask for this book: you'll be surprise to know that there is hope, hope?, yes! Hope. A logical one. There are reasons for being optimistic today: in fact every chapter opens with a chart that shows you how the things have been evolving and improving in time and how did we get here with unsurpassable scores.<br />I can assure you something. No matter how many books have you read by Nietzsche or Noam Chomsky. This one is different with respect to the very same topics. The question about why we prefer to be pessimistic about everything doesn't have the answer here. That answer -after reading the book- depends on you.<br />By the way, catallaxy is about \\"spontaneous order created by exchange and specialization\\" (Hayek). Two clues for understanding we should leave for a moment the Bible' Ecclesiastes or Lamentations and take this optimistic and (absolutely) rational book.<br />You will not regret.time and how did we get here with unsurpassable scores.  I can assure you something. No matter how many books have you read by Nietzsche or Noam Chomsky. This one is different with respect to the very same topics. The question about why we prefer to be pessimistic about everything doesn't have the answer here. That answer -after reading the book- depends on you.  By the way, catallaxy is about \\"spontaneous order created by exchange and specialization\\" (Hayek). Two clues for understanding we should leave for a moment the Bible' Ecclesiastes or Lamentations and take this optimistic and (absolutely) rational book.  You will not regret.
B00000BKDY|5.0|I was very pleased with the whole overall experience wich was fast and packaged very well. This was a gift and it was for my son. Up the Irons!!! I would Highly recommend this method. This was my fifth shipment or so. Still no problems. Always arives before the stated time for me. Amazon keeps you well informed. I hope you will trust my review and hope all is well to all of you. Live ,Love, and play some music Friends!!.......Rob}:-)>
044654759X|5.0|I could not put this book down. Read it in less that three days & wanted it to keep going.  Different than Sparks other writing. Everyone should read this book.  Looking forward to his next book.
0060936223|5.0|Patti Smith has a way with words.  Her story about her life with Robert Maplethorpe reads like a story, but it's real life.  She gives us a fascinating description of the life and people of New York City in the 60's and 70's.  New York sure is a different place today.<br /><br />Patti is a gifted writer who makes people come to life in this book.  I felt like I had a very good sense of both Patti and Robert.<br /><br />I would have liked to see more photographs, so I could get a visual on the scenes she described.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book to anyone wanting to know about Patti, Robert and New York City of the 60's and 70's.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|Well done!  The stories and sacrifices are well documented and interesting to watch.  It really gives you a feel for the personal toll and sacrifice the U.S. Soldiers faced waging this tough battle with a fanatic foe.  Its not for children, its too emotional and I would give it a R rating and for viewing by adults.  It gives a real understanding of the psychological scars and hardships faced by the WW II Soldiers.  I liked the way the author/director spent time on each of the principle characters so you felt like you knew each man and what they saw and how they were affected.
B004289ZW0|1.0|Major issues with this product.  The swipe on/off feature does not protect from unintentionally turning on the device and draining the battery. I sent two messages to the manufacture with no response.
B001P5Q6FC|5.0|Wrath itself is Lamb Of God. The album is oh so perfect in so many ways. The Passing is a great feel, offering a little instrumental to build up to In Your Words. Then the melodies of In Your Words flow through. Set To Fail is an intense moshing song with some blasting and cool rhythms. Contractor has a hilarious introduction, with the redneck yell, and turns into a very bumpy ride, amazing song. Fake Messiah has an awesome vocal tracking, and Grace's guitar introduction just makes it have a certain feel. It is the Lamb Of God we know from Sacrament, getting into melodies, with the touch of metal from As The Palaces Burn. Broken Hands is a very cool song, one of Randy's favorites. Next up, is Dead Seeds, my favorite song on the album. The lyrics are biblically moving, the vocal track is perfectly fitting, the drums are amazing quad-patterns, and the guitar is blazing. Everything to Nothing is the one song I haven't really listened to as much, but it has a good beat. Finally, the apocalyptic Reclamation brings out an entire other side of Lamb Of God. Amazing, insane, best metal album by this band yet. I saw them at Mayhem Fest this summer, and it was a sick show. They let the recorded Passing play and then rock the hell out of the place. Can't wait for their new album, whenever it comes.
B003UESJFG|5.0|MegaMind stands apart from a great many of its peers through the simple fact that the story works on so many levels.  Others have commented on the spectacular imagery (which works as well in 2D as 3D), the action, humor, and a plethora of other imagery - but, as so often the case, rarely look beneath the surface.  It is refreshing to watch a movie with true depth in this modern age of 'instant gratification.    'Depth' is the most apt attribute which can be ascribed to this movie.  No matter how many times it is viewed, there is always something new to discover - so many layers that no single review could possibly cover them all.    The title character, MegaMind, doesn't stand alone as a victim of circumstance - ALL the principle characters are.  They, like so many of us, go through life with blinders on; knowing only the station assigned through Fate.  The story gives each of them the opportunity to 'fill other shoes' and, through their discoveries, allow us to garner similar perspective of ourselves.    No point in belaboring with spoilers but, even if you've already seen the movie countless times, try watching it again with this in mind.  You just might amaze yourself at what you discover.
0439023513|5.0|I loved all 3 Hunger Games books! I was always left wanting. I found this final book to be heart wrenching in many areas. I was angry, crying and disgusted by many of the events that took place. That's when I realized that it was not so far off from reality. This final book was, although fictional, very believable considering the state of many countries in our world.  I was quite upset when I realized what Katniss must do at the execution of Snow, even in her broken state. I was also afraid this story would have a Sophie's Choice ending. I was relieved to find hope, strength and love won out, even with hearts so full of pain and dispair. It was not a fairy tale ending in any way, but much closer to what goes on with people today, struggling to overcome oppression and violence in their lives. The Mockingjay will remain as one of my favorite young adult books for some time.
B00436GNVC|2.0|I will, like the cd keep it short.  Enough with the vibrato!!!  Come on Duffy....you can do much better
B002MQYOFW|5.0|this is easily a new modern classic, its dark  depictions of a post  (nuclear) aypocaliptic north america under a mysterious facist regime is amazing. definatly not for younger readers though as the violence and phycological horrors are intense. even though it has some sci fi aspects its really not science fiction, this book is amazing and i can see it someday being very famous
B001AVCFK6|5.0|Everything is fast in this movie. The sequence led up to opening credit is as good as it gets and very emotional. It was tested on women and that definitely worked as many mothers I knew teared through from the 5 to 10 minute mark.    Even for 90% of older trek fans this is great. Brought back memories of the original series. Only the nick-pick ones that interpret Trek franchise for a specific cause will find it difficult to accept.    Blu-ray picture quality is great, even though it's softer than something like Transformers. Sound quality is a good balance of soft instruments, special sound effects. The phase fight is fun to hear, especially if you have tight bass. I felt like I've absorbed some of the shots!
B0038YWPZS|5.0|Tons of special features, plus deleted/extended scenes which are cool, and a keepsake book with pictures and quotes from various moments in the movie. 5 stars, I love it!
B003ZD9DUC|5.0|I think other reviews on this have covered details of the BluRay pretty well.  I only add that if you are a DIE HARD fan you MUST get this edition.  And if a better one comes out someday, I'll get that too.
076781326X|5.0|I've always loved this movie,in my eyes it's an oldie but goodie.It's dated of course but it's great.I've never seen it on offer anywhere else so thanks amazon for making it available.    The lyrics are clever,the music sometimes sad but the characters are spectacular.It's one for the older crowd I guess,but that's me.
0757307272|1.0|Hi guys,<br /><br />Estimated arrival time was Jan 24th for both books ordered from amazon llp and I am still waiting. It has been over a week. There is no tracking option on my end. So pls check yours!<br /><br />Thanks
1423113381|5.0|My son is 9 and he LOVED this book.  He finished the entire Pendragon series and was looking for something else to read when he stumbled upon this book.  If you want to get a child to love reading, you need good books like this one. (I'd suggest the Pendragon series as well for young readers.)
B003AO1SVS|5.0|This is such an amazing album.  Pure musical art.  The whole album is good.  THE WHOLE ALBUM. Every song in this album is awesome, there are no exceptions.  If I had to be stranded on an island with 5 CDs this would most definitely be one of them!  If I had to choose between this album, and one of my toes, I think I would probably get rid of the album, but that's only because I'm a sissy.  If I wasn't a sissy, I would say \\"TAKE THE TOE MAN! TAKE THE TOE!\\".
0307266303|5.0|This is a well written book that conveys a lot of new information for somebody not involved in long distance running as myself.  I was surprised to find out how many things related to running and knew about were wrong.  It is quite impressive, makes you think and ACT - as in, start running at least a bit :-)  One of the major running shoes companies if not their products they got something right regarding their slogans the one inviting people to participate in the sports, two words, the company is the one named after the Greek goddess of victory.    Thank you.
B0041KKYDI|4.0|When I heard that Danny Boyle, the director of films like \\"Slumdog Millionaire,\\" \\"28 Days Later,\\" and \\"Trainspotting,\\" was directing \\"127 Hours,\\" the film adaptation of Aron Ralston's first-person account of his entrapment under a boulder in a Utah ravine and subsequent escape by cutting off his own right forearm, I thought, \\"What an odd choice to direct that movie.\\" Now, after having seen the brilliant \\"127 Hours,\\" I just can't imagine anyone else having directed the film. Boyle's jerky, spasmodic approach, tempered by long moments of stillness and reflection, paired with the superb music of A.R. Rahman (the same composer who provided \\"Slumdog Millionaire\\" with its unforgettable score), suits Ralston's story--and his character--perfectly. Of course, James Franco's tour de force performance as Ralston (it's not technically a one-man show, but Franco is alone onscreen for the vast majority of the film's 94 minutes) contributes greatly to the film's incredible impact. Boyle and Franco, faced with the challenge of creating drama and tension out of an event that almost everyone watching knows will happen eventually, pull off the task admirably--\\"the scene\\" itself is almost impossible to watch, but somehow we must. By that point in the film, we have so much invested in Ralston's story that we simply have to see how it all happened. Ralston's triumph is so amazing, so remarkable, so inspirational that tears of joy (and yes, relief) will conquer the revulsion most viewers might experience as Ralston amputates his own arm in order to survive. This film is mighty tough to watch, but the reward is well worth it.
B000HT3P7E|5.0|How I Met Your Mother is a surprising Tv Show! I just can't get enough! I have watched this many times without getting bored. It's a sure thing, all laughs. Just a nice way to end a work day!  The package wasn't so good, two of the discs were loose in the case and had scratches and stains. Although discs worked fine, I was disappointed with the quality so I contacted Amazon and they were nice enough to gave me a refund over this purchase!  That's why I gave it five stars: the combination of LEGENDARY TV SHOW and AWESOME STORE!
B004856SQ8|3.0|good movie to watch with your kids who do not remember the TV show.  Good time to be had
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|How I Met Your Mother is a surprising Tv Show! I just can't get enough! I have watched this many times without getting bored. It's a sure thing, all laughs. Just a nice way to end a work day!  The package wasn't so good, the piece that holds disc 1 and 2 was loose in the case and discs had scratches and stains. Although discs worked fine, I was disappointed with the quality so I contacted Amazon and they were nice enough to gave me a refund over this purchase!  That's why I gave it five stars: the combination of LEGENDARY TV SHOW and AWESOME STORE!
B000X5SPBI|5.0|GREAT SHOW!!!!!  Great price....so glad to been able to buy this....looking for other at the same great price.    Sam and Dean rule!!!
B004D7GU3C|5.0|This album is the best!  This new album definitely shows an incredible and thoroughly different twist to Ricky Martin's style in performing.  He is a true artist. I thought the songs, Best Thing about Me is You & Shine were truly wonderful and upbeat. If you enjoy the music of Ricky Martin, this one is for you.
0345528581|5.0|...seriously - 11 pm at night - in my pajamas - using my couch, dining table, coffee table - KICKED my toosh - and I only had to suffer for 30 minutes.  I can do this on a regular basis - I feel like getting back in shape after 3 years of being sedentary is an actual possibility.  I bought the book for my mother-in-law, husband (a faithful gym-goer his whole life), and 2 cousins. I have the paper-back edition, and just bought the kindle for pc edition so that I can workout during my lunch break at work.  And never again will we be limited to only booking hotels with gyms for my husband, who needs to work out daily for his sanity.
B003R0LBVW|5.0|Jonathan Franzen has exceeded all expectations with this book.  I feel like I know his people and have lived in their world after reading it.  This will become a classic to rival \\"You Can't Go Home Again\\".
B000002WMH|5.0|At almost 20 years old, this box set seems rather dated, and potentially dozens of new Elvis collections, compilations, and stereo remasters have been released in the past decade of Elvis mania. Don't be fooled, this box set may not have high quality stereo remasters of songs like say Elvis #1s or The Essential Elvis, but it does offer a lot of rare and complete recordings Elvis made in the 50s, in fact, if I'm not mistaken, it includes every single record singe he released during the start of his career in the 50s, to the end of the decade when he was serving in the army. That consists of over 100 songs, some of which never hit big, including his early songs that received little publicity when he was with Sun Records before he switched over to RCA and struck gold. A majority of this set consists of his RCA recordings spanning between 1956-1959, including a Christmas album and a few gospel singles. The first disc consists mainly of his Sun Studio recordings, including his first song My Happiness, which is a very rare gem and technically intended for more of a personal recording. The next three discs focus exclusively on his early RCA albums and recordings, which was when Elvis was at the height of his career and emerged as America's new favorite singer, spawning over a dozen top 10 singles in less than 4 years. These include his top songs like Hound Dog, Jailhouse Rock, and Don't be Cruel. Elvis sang a variety of music from gospel, to country, to blues, to rock n roll. As seen in his early recordings, he had soul and a voice that almost made him seem black. If you are an Elvis fan this collection does complete justice for the young Elvis of the 50's when he was the new sensation and I believe Elvis' 50's recordings are his best and outshine his later material. He had so many good songs and could sing them with such soul and energy, and the backup instruments accompany his style perfectly. The final disc contains rare takes from early concerts and demo versions of songs. Overall the perfect compilation, that does complete justice for fans of Elvis. It has pretty much everything Elvis put forth in the 50s, and that is when Elvis was at the top of his game. The booklet that is included also contains history of Elvis in his early years and interviews from people Elvis played with or knew and also his discography of the 50's and album covers with tons of pictures.
0061726826|5.0|I had chills--CHILLS--at the end of Lauren Oliver's Delirium. It was like I could hear Muse's \\"Uprising\\" playing in the background as I read the last passage. I was unbelievably moved by this resistance movement that will fight for the right to love. I had to read the last page out loud to my non-literary husband (something I haven't done since \\"Katniss, there is no District 12\\") just so that I could share it with someone.     Fans of young adult dystopian fiction, rejoice! A remarkable new series has been added to our genre. I've been reading dystopian fiction way before there ever was The Hunger Games, and I was captivated by Delirium. This novel combines so many classic elements of dystopian literature into a moving, heart-rending tale of the ultimate forbidden love--not only is Lena forbidden to chose whom she will love, but she is forbidden to love PERIOD. I saw echoes of so many favorite dystopian works in Delirium (1984, Anthem, and perhaps the first YA dystopian novel, John Christopher's The White Mountains).     I was hooked from the very beginning. I love the premise, and Lauren Oliver really delivered. Although the first quarter of the book drags in places, once Oliver hits her stride, the story grips your heart and emotions and doesn't let go. Oliver takes us on this fascinating journey of self-discovery with Lena, as Lena slowly learns to trust her heart, question the \\"truths\\" she's always been taught, and ultimately choose for herself. I loved seeing Lena gradually awaken from the slumber this world places on the mind as Alex show her how to think and feel and LOVE for herself.     And that ending? I was blown away. Oliver foreshadowed it throughout the book, but I was still floored. There are certain events that I REALLY hope are possible for the next book based on that ending, so I read the last few pages several times to see if there's any hope there, and believe there is. Was that vague enough to keep it spoiler free?     Delirium is a thought-provoking tale that had me riveted. It combines some of my favorite elements--forbidden love, dystopian world, resistance movement--into one compelling book that will haunt you well after you've read that stunning last passage.
B003UESJJC|5.0|The movie looks incredible on bluray, and the sound is much clearer.  It's much easier to appreciate this movie now that I can see what's going on in the shot.  Documentary materials interesting and refreshingly honest, special features and behind the scenes were entertaining.
B001R0CSXO|5.0|Not only is this another remaster of Schenker's best album but included is Schenker's original 5 song demo tape which is the most interesting thing about this.  \\"After Midnight\\" is the music for \\"Feels Like A Good Thing\\" but with different words, a somewhat slower version of \\"Looking Out From Nowhere\\" and three other songs that were unreleased. The best one is the Scorpionsish \\"Get Up Get Down\\". Also included are the b-sides to the \\"Cry For the Nations\\" single. Also the new remasters have inner artwork of old original newspaper articles about Schenker.  Well worth the money.  If you only buy one of the six remasters, buy this one.
B0014BEDBG|2.0|I LOVE Justin Timberlake and I LOVE this concert - I've watched the HBO special on tv many times.  You can understand my disappointment upon receiving the DVD of the HBO special and finding that it had been edited!!!  Well...all except for ONE SONG.  Perhaps the editing team took a bathroom break during Cry Me A River.  Ridculous.  Nowhere did it say ANYTHING about this being an edited version.  had I known, I would NOT have spent the money on it.  I would never in a million years expect that a DVD of an HBO show would be edited.
0385341679|1.0|I agree with other reviewers in that I have spent YEARS on KMM. I read the Kelter series-which she ended abruptly. Then the Fever mess. I should have stopped after the rape scene in 3. I never could rationalize that. But I kept going, even though each book was worse than the last. So here we are at the end-sorta. Moning simply let this series get away from her. It was as if she had signed a contract for 5 books, so she wrote 5 books. It didn't seem to matter if she had enough storyline to fill 5 books. In the end she took the easy way out. Nothing is as it seems. Everything that came before is an illusion. She left tons of holes and unresolved issues. I read that she has signed a new contract for 3 more books in the Fever series. Two questions--When will it ever end? and, Why do we care? Really, this book is an insult to my intellegence and a cheap shot to all of us who have spent so much time on them; a mistake I'll never make again.
B004D7GU3C|4.0|I am listening to the CD as I write this and I have been a Ricky Martin fan for the longest where I can say what is good and realize that he does have some stuff that isnt my taste. This CD is okay. I have to say I like ballad Ricky Martin. Some of the songs are okay on this new CD and I would definitely recommend someone to buy it if he/she likes and of Ricky Martin's music. He is a great performer and his music is spectacular. I will definitely be going to his concert in PR on March 25. I already bought my plane ticket!
0446563048|5.0|I dont normally get inspired by other people's success stories, but I found this book highly original, inspiring and motivating. I love the fact that the author seems to have succeeded in the business world while sticking to his principles, values, morals and ethics. I have worked for a number of global corporations in senior positions, and although every company has its own culture, they all have making money as their common priority. I found it extremely refreshing that this guy succeeded in creating a company where treating people well is the priority, and the financial success has come as a direct consequence of this. His philosophy and approach may not work in a number of business sectors, but I was heartened that it can work in some, and will certainly be using some of his approaches in the businesses that I am endeavouring to establish.
B003HYNB34|4.0|Matt Smith is a strange guy, which I think may be a prerequisite for playing the Doctor.  I've really enjoyed Season 5 and the Christmas episode but so far he isn't half the Doctor that David Tennant was.  Now, with that being said, this season is my second favorite season of Doctor Who, right after series 2 and I have a feeling that series 6 will blow it out of the water.  Steven Moffat has shown that he is a tremendously talented writer and has done a really great job with long plot threads and keeping things together.  The twist to the episodes with the Weeping Angels (revealed many episodes later) was great to see, and I have been happy to see more of River Song.  All in all it is a fantastic season.
B0028MBKVG|5.0|I happened upon Born to Run while I was in a local bookstore sipping a bit of coffee, and after reading nothing more than the inside cover, decided I'd take a chance and purchase it on my Kindle; three days later, after finishing it,  I couldn't have been more pleased with my decision.<br /><br />What initially seems to be a personal account - almost a journal, really - of the author, Christopher McDougall, and his interest in running quickly becomes a combination of the history of distance running, evolutionary biology, cultural anthropology, and everything in between.<br /><br />The result means that the book has a little bit for everyone; those who are interested in fitness or running, whether beginner or veteran, will understand and love the emotional descriptions of taking even the shortest of runs. Those of us who like to delve into science will be thrilled with the scientific and evolutionary reasons behind both our emotional love of running and why, exactly, a certain segment of the community creates a recreational atmosphere around races and others look at running with disgust or disdain.<br /><br />Perhaps one of the most interesting issues addressed in the book is something that I had never truly considered before: how in the world did we survive as bipedal runners primitively, given that our gradual shift from four legs to two occurred long before the cognitive development necessary to craft tools?<br /><br />The answer will surprise, interest, then inspire you.<br /><br />As you observe the Tarahumara culture, you will see a link to our past that we have sadly thrown away. Thankfully, the author and the colorful band of characters that you encounter along the way create a window with answers on how to bring that back.<br /><br />Written in a cascading, engaging manner, and never boring, Christopher McDougall has created one of my favorite books of at least the past year or two. Read it for your interest. Read it for your health. Read it for your mind. Whatever the reason, just read it.
B0001KL5DA|4.0|The more I watch this show the less I care about these people.  There's no doubt that it's extremely well made, well written and well acted.  But I wonder if there are viewers out there who actually like any of these characters.  My first thought was about Brenda, who isn't exactly a bad person but doesn't have much in the way of redeeming qualities.  As the series unfolded I began to feel the same way about each of the main characters in turn.  What's interesting is that the dad, who everyone blames for their problems, doesn't seem to be the reason at all--it's the rest of them who are effed up and completely self-involved.  If anyone ever talked to me the way they talk to each other, I would be out the door in a heartbeat.  Of course, there are people in the world like this--I've known many--who are pointedly malicious to each other, and they all take it and spew it out over and over again.  It used to be that every story, any story, had to create some kind of empathy for its characters.  Even if they were mean, rotten people, there had to be something we could relate to, some grain of humanity we could latch onto, even if we hated them.  In essence, we had to care about them on some level for the story to work.  Amazingly, though, the end of the 20th century saw the overturning of this age-old rule and began to create stories in which we feel nothing for the characters and could care less what happens to them but still somehow engages us.  Six Feet Under didn't start out that way for me, but after season two I find that it has carried on this newly-created tradition, and still I want to watch it.
1401310400|1.0|This is hands down the worse book I've ever read, and I've only made it to page 50.  Whoever edited this book should be fired, and the author should not quit their day job at the perfume counter at Macy's.  What is with the perfume ad references?   I want to know what they blackmailed James Patterson with to get him to give a positive review for this book.  I do not profess to be a writer, but I do know there are plenty of starving writers who could have done a better job.   Spoilers, but I would recommend not reading the book unless you're twisted and enjoy awful books.      There are so many things wrong with this book that it is hard to find a place to start.      Editing:  I have found multiple sentences stating the same thing.  I have also found multiple sentences stating the same thing.  Yes that was on purpose.  There are paragraphs that have been added that do not further the story line.        Characters:  The characters have no dimension.  The back and forth banter between the Rook and Heat is unbelievable.   The author makes it obvious Heat is attracted to Rook, but you're not sure what she sees in him.  Subtle is also not a word the author understands.  Heat takes time out to wonder about what her life could have been, which is completely out of character.  Did the author ever watch the tv show before writing this book?  The victim has every vice you can think of, which makes you question how he became successful in the first place.        Plot:  The author did not do any research.  The reader is expected to accept red ink lines pointing down on charts are sufficient detail to describe the downfall of a once successful corporation.   I must have missed the fact that the suspect's pet peeve and cologne are more important to the plot than how the victim bankrupted the corporation.    I could go on, but what's the point.
0061726826|5.0|Imagine a world without love... a world where your partner in life is chosen for you, where you don't have strong nor deep feelings for anything (family, friends, even something as meaningless as food or even music).  Your children are just that, your children.  You don't necessarily love them.  This was such a seductive concept for me that from the moment I first heard of Ms. Oliver's Delirium I just knew I had to read it.<br /><br />Lena was a great heroine.  She tried so hard to be perfect, to follow the rules.  She had been counting down till the day of her cure for months.  Obviously falling in love threw a wrench in her well laid out plans.  Alex the boy she falls for is quite the charmer.  I think I may have fallen in love with him along with her.  Their love was sweet and innocent and the way that it came to be was charming.  Their relationship as well as that of Lena and her BFF Hana were very well done.  I loved their discussions, the push and pull between the characters... the emotions.  It was all very creative - yet believable.  I also liked the quotes at the beginning of each chapter and how they came into play with what was going on in the story.  It was almost like a foreshadowing or warning of what was to come .<br /><br />I truly became emotionally invested in these characters - I could not help myself.  I found that I needed for everything to work out for Lena and Alex, that a society really couldn't be this jaded.  I was literally on a roller-coaster of emotions throughout.  Ms. Oliver's writing is fluid and fresh and something that you become a part of from the moment you read those first pages.  I really liked her debut novel, Before I Fall, but I absolutely loved Delirium.  I, not only read it in one sitting (oh yea, and it's 400+ pages long), but once I was done with it I could not get it out of my head.  I still think about it (and it's been a few weeks since I read it).<br /><br />All in all,  Delirium is riddled with engaging characters, heartbreaking emotional conflict,  fast-paced action and a realism that is only enhanced by its dystopian setting.  I cannot recommend this one enough.  It will haunt you.l conflict,  fast-paced action and a realism that is only enhanced by its dystopian setting.  I cannot recommend this one enough.  It will haunt you.
B003WG3222|5.0|Renegade is a very musically diverse album from the borderline metal Angel Of Death with it's eerie keyboard intro solo, to the jazzy track Fats. Some Thin Lizzy classics to come from this album in my opinion include Angel Of Death, Renegade, The Pressure Will Blow, and Hollywood. Those tracks alone should have been enough to gather at least a 3 star review from the \\"professional critics\\". If you read the review on AllMusisGuide, you will see a \\"critic\\" stating how the title track fails to \\"tug on the heart strings\\". That struck me as rather odd, as Renegade was as heavy as Lizzy could get before Thunder and Lightning. If any track on this album is meant to tug on the heart strings, it's It's Getting Dangerous. Here's some lyrics from the song.<br /><br />\\"I remember him when we were friends, when we were young, way back then<br />But now we're all grown up and we're strangers<br />You see, bit by bit, part by part, we slipped and slipped<br />Till we'd grown apart and now we're strangers.\\"<br /><br />This was the second Thin Lizzy album I've ever listened to in full, and loved it. Fats and Mexican Blood are the only real detours if you're looking for straight up hard rock. Fats as I said above, is a jazzy track, with a great flow that is  Would have been great on one of Phils solo albums as well as Mexican Blood, a more Spanish sounding ballad then Mexican, but I really don't care as I enjoy the song. Brian Downey, one of rocks most underrated drummers is as solid as ever, and truly shines on Angel of Death and the title track. Give Renegade a few listens and and judge for yourself. Don't listen to critics.  Who cares if it's not the classic \\"Thin Lizzy sound\\", it's still a great album. 5/5 from me.<br /><br />If you get this on CD, DO NOT GET THE WOUNDED BIRD REISSUE. Some of the worst crap I've heard in my life. Muddy sound with lost dynamics.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|As always, 24 has come through with another winner.  Sure, there was a season or two that was a bit less than super stellar, however, still engaging and totally all Jack!  It is sad the series must end, but it was a good enough ending for the 24 followers to accept.  It also leaves opportunity in the event the makers of 24 want to follow it up with a movie or two (as speculated and discussed by Kiefer in January).  Good stuff!
0393061310|5.0|I have heard enough about Diamond's theories throughout this book that I decided to break down and read it. I have to admit that I am very happy I did. Diamond did an excellent job in summarizing (in just over 400 pages) the path of civilization leading up to life as we know it today. His arguments are not only interesting but also concrete. Although I would have liked to have more of the book focused on the future outcomes of the world, I do believe that this book accomplished what Diamond had wanted it to achieve. It's a great read, which I look forward to passing along to family members and friends!
0307272702|5.0|I was a fat kid. One of my goals has always been to get lean. I have done calorie restriction which did lower my waist size. The problem is I did have extremely low energy. And I have said to myself in my head many times that I don't do good on carbs.    Even if I eat black beans or plain oats I gain fat.     Gary does a great job of explaining why low carb works.    I would add:  Don't eat anything marketed as \\"low-carb\\" friendly, if you look at the ingredients it's usually a crazy Frankenstein food.   Take pride in learning how to cook, you don't have to be a chef, but it is a joy to be able to make good food for yourself and loved ones.    I recommend Gary's book to all my friends, it's really great.
B0007KTBIU|5.0|Great movie with a ton of bonus features. Classic movie in an updated DVD format. A lot of interactive bonus features that kids of all ages would love. Great picture quality as well. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys the classic Disney movies.
0312430000|2.0|Like some other reviewers I felt this could have been summarized well in an article in Harvard Business Review, BusinessWeek, Fortune or some other related periodical.  I skimmed the book then tried to read it and could not get more than a couple of chapters in.  I agree the subject is worth exploring, but a whole book is not necessary on writing about checklists.  In the end I ended up selling the book on Amazon a couple of weeks later.    Certainly checklists can (and arguably have) saved lives, but based on job and profession one can create and tailor their own specific checklists.  I have been using the methodology for years, but a checklist I use may be different than the person next to me.  I am not downplaying the necessity of checklists, but reminders to use them and maybe some tips on how to make one is all that is needed in most scenarios.      In sum the book was OK to me as a quick review.  Go to your library, sit down, read what you need and take some notes (maybe make a checklist about making checklists). The idea is true and has some serious implications (I think of someone prepping for surgery and asking a list of questions or as noted in the book, a pilot preparing for takeoff).  Certainly before negotiating with someone or even going for a mortgage a checklist has its place and would be recommended, but a whole book was unnecessary.
0061684384|4.0|This is a great read for fans of Kat Von D. Gives you a good background on her history and how she came to be a tattooist. My absolute favorite thing about the book is her personal tattoo directory that shows all of Kat's tattoos, where they are, who did them and why she has them. I found the book quite engaging but in the later part of the book I wish there had been a few more photos of the tattoos that she talks about doing. There is also a section at the end of her heroes that she has interviewed which was great. Worth adding to your collection for the price.
B002ZG980U|1.0|i watched only 5 minutes of this trash and got bored with it. I dont have time for getting my mind confused with this crap
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I first heard Little Lion Man and White Blank page on Xm radio, So i previewed some of the other songs. Its only a 30 sec blurb, but I was fairly convinced that I would enjoy the Album.  It Rocks, its on my mp3, on my computer at work and home, and in my cd player in my truck! Awesome, awesome, awesome!
B0041KKYEM|4.0|Black Swan unfolds in a feverish,lurid dream space that we can only assume to be a representation of the heroine's subjective experience.The film takes place in a swirl of melodrama and in the disturbed psychological state of Portman's superb,neurotic prima ballerina.From the moment we see her at home with her overprotective, intense mother(Hershey),whose own career was displaced to have Nina,we appear to be in a world akin to Rosemary's Baby, with some of the same psychodrama at work.Thomas(Vincent Cassell),her Director of Swan Lake,is predatory, suggestive,making dancers compete with each other to win his approval.Beth(Ryder),his former chief dancer,is just retiring, setting up one resentful demonic presence in Nina's mind. Another is Lilly(Mila Kunis),the relaxed,sexy new dancer who becomes Nina's rival for the role.Thomas states Nina is perfect as the White Swan,but has not the charged sexuality of the Black Swan role.Nina is poised fearfully on the edge of an abyss of self-doubt, brittle, bulimic,tense like a coiled spring,facing up to her nightmares when she lands the dream role.She is befriended by Lilly,is told to learn to relax,use sex and a drug to unwind before she's able to give the twin-roled performance. Is Lilly usurping her place and affections in Thomas's eyes?She is gradually overtaken by paranoia.     All the time there is mounting hysteria,single-minded perfectionism,she scratches herself,pulls off her skin, drives herself through punishing routines.She experiences doppelgangers who dog her every move in the outside world or in mirrors of the dance studio.She hallucinates about what she's been doing or who she's been with. Aronofsky utilises a whirling,moving camera,playing loud the soundtrack of Swan Lake throughout,with lots of snapping,stretching noises on the soundtrack and her own heavy breathing.He cleverly uses imagery(as in The Fly) of her body metamorphosing into that of a swan.There is a nod to The Red Shoes,of the obsessive pursuit ofa vocation to the point of self-destruction.Portman plays the role as if born to it.I felt a curious lack of character development(as if taking place in a vacuum)or even the impression of ensemble acting dynamics.The dancing of Portman is minimal,mainly from the shoulders up,or with blurred body doubles.There is no sense in Nina's character of the joy of art,just the gut-wrenching self discipline.However the film really comes alive when Nina becomes the Black Swan,when the full-blewn horror thriller comes finally into its own,and she seems to take wing.However the film as a film did not succeed to take wing despite brilliant moments,good casting.
1594202842|5.0|What a joy to read this book. It is intense, funny and inspiring.      Although her method of raising children is extreme, I really have to admire her driven spirit.  I can not do even half of what she did for the musical practice alone.  (I do practice/instruct my daughter piano 30 minutes a day, almost everyday for the last 6 years.  But that is no comparison to what she did.)    Besides mastering musical instruments, her daughters are also exposed to the elites of the society (judges, professors and medical doctor family) and most talented and skilled musician that the world has to offer.  They also see so much of the world by traveling as a family.  What Amy and Jed has offered to their children is so wonderful!  I think Sophia an Lulu are very lucky to have a mother like that.    My 10 years old daughter read a couple pages of that book and is now really appreciating our piano schedule now.
B0006AOD4I|5.0|I've had this edition since I was little and wanted to get the same one for my daughter, now interested in being a Dickens scholar.  Such great illustrations!
B004D7GU3C|4.0|I think this is a very good comeback album. Most of the songs are upbeat and you can tell this is a different Ricky. These 10 new tracks don't talk about love or interest towards women, instead, he keeps it neutral... which is something extremely intelligent to do considering everybody now knows he is gay. Most songs talks about being true to yourself, naturally, accepting others the way they are, of course, and enjoying life as much as you can. There is a little bit of electronic sounds in the album, but it still mostly pop and two or three ballads. My favorite songs are: \\"Ms\\", \\"Te Vas\\", and \\"No Te Miento\\". I give the album 8/10. Thanks, Ricky, for another great album!
B000JIHP88|4.0|this is a great mobile, my only critique is that the song ends too quickly. my son loves it. almost 3 months old and he stares at it and falls asleep to the music.
B002ZG981E|4.0|This film is very impressive! I'm not usually a fan of Leonardo Dicaprio but he gave a good performance. I've seen this movie several times now and each time I notice something new.
B003CNQPNS|4.0|You can tell this is a low budget collection of the original series, but so what. It is still fun to watch and the quality is as good as it was back then. Don't expect a digitally remastered set of TV, but the quality is good enough to enjoy and have fun with it. What do you expect? The show didn't even make a full season though it should have.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|I saw this movie when it was in theaters and as soon as it came out I knew I had to have it. Everyone I have watched this with has loved it. This was a great purchase!!
B001EN71CW|5.0|Firefly has a small legion of insanely dedicated fans and there's a reason.  The reason why it's a *small* legion is that Fox stupidly cancelled the show mid-first season, not even showing all the filmed episodes.  They messed with creator Joss Whedon's vision by not allowing the original series opener which introduced the characters to be shown until the end.  And they were wrong as evidenced by the fact that when I was looking up info on another Fox show a few months ago, one of the \\"you might be interested in\\" searches that popped up was \\"most popular shows on this network\\" showing Firefly, a show cancelled midseason EIGHT years ago, as the #4 most popular show on Fox.<br /><br />Every character in this series is fully rounded, intriguing and fascinating.  Most you will fall in love with--even some of the villians.  The created world is astounding.  In the Firefly \\"verse,\\" the two superpowers (US & China) and our lack of self-control have left their mark with humanity having left a destroyed \\"Earth that was\\" hundreds of years ago to spread across the 'verse.  The prevailing culture is a combo of American and Chinese with almost everyone speaking (and often cursing creatively) in Mandarin as well as English and clothing and decor mixing the cultures.  And while the central planets are excessively civilized and run by the corporate like Alliance, \\"the black\\" is a frontier of settlers getting by on almost nothing and needing everything including the medicines, food and cattle that our hero smugglers evade the Alliance to provide in exchange for a (dis)honest wage.  Earning an honest living is radiant Registered Companion (think geisha) Inara who travels with Serenity (the ship) and is accorded extreme respect wherever she goes.  Then you have Captain Mal and his first mate Zoe, Browncoat (resistance) veterans of the revolution, Zoe's husband and Firefly's talented pilot but less handy in a fist/gun fight Wash, adorable mechanical genius/boycrazy Kaylee in the engine room and mercenary (and very funny) Jayne Cobb who despite the first name is all boy.  Add passengers Simon & River Tam (Alliance fugitives) and intriguingly good with guns pastor Shepherd Booke and you have a unfailingly interesting group of people to explore space with.<br /><br />This show is insanely well written, the characters of the sort that you feel live in the real world alonside you, the performances are such that honestly I suspect the actors would still 8 years on automatically answer to their character names they so embodied them.  The ship is a fascinating character in herself--built on two soundstages (one for the lower deck and one for the upper) with corridors and catwalks that actually take you to the next part of the ship, Serenity also comes alive.  The special effects are astounding in how they take you into a \\"real\\" world--there are no engine noises in space and Serenity flies in the daylight.<br /><br />Fan devotion managed to lead to a superb but again not widely enough seen to be appreciated feature film called Serenity and to annual fan created and organized events called Can't Stop The Serenity where local \\"Browncoat\\" groups arrange theatrical showings of the film--often these days accompanied by Joss Whedon's superb web musical Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog--to benefit charities particularly Equality Now to the tune of over half a MILLION dollars in five years.<br /><br />Not bad for a show you may never have heard of, huh?  Or a mid-first season cancellation?<br /><br />I cannot recommend this show more highly.  I have spoken with too many people who were forced to watch it by a loved one and who don't consider themselves scifi fans who fell in love with this series.  I think it had a broad appeal which would would have appealed to a wider audience had Fox given the show the time and Joss the freedom to find that audience.  I've never met anyone who watched it and didn't like it.<br /><br />If you haven't seen it, at least rent it from Netflix and see what you're missing!
B004HUAYMS|5.0|I know.  The title sounds like a cheap shot.  It's absolutely not.  As a guy with a conflicted head and angry heart, Social Distortion has never let me down.  They have always had this uncanny ability to capture what I'm feeling.  Agitation.  Frustration.  Heartache and loss.  Sure, everyone's pedaling that stuff, but they've always nailed my brand for me.  This album is no exception.  The guys have aged well and the music talks to a wider audience.<br /><br />Something else I've always noticed about the band's songs.  Every track is filled with cliches.  They're everywhere here.  From \\"Can't Take It With You,\\" to \\"Diamond In the Rough.\\"  It's embedded in the tracks.  Mike talks about how \\"When you love someone let them go...\\"  What's amazing about all of this is how the band is able to take cliches and make them seem brand new or, even better, make them feel like they know the deeper truth behind them.  It's quite remarkable.  It's an awesome album and all I've been listening to for days on end.<br /><br />Chris Bowen<br />Author of, \\"[[ASIN:1432724533 Our Kids: Building Relationships in the Classroom]]\\"
B002ZG980U|5.0|Inception is a highly addicting movie; once you see it, you'll want to watch it again. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys thinking; you must pay attention to understand everything that is going on in order to maximize your enjoyment.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|The bag has good design, good material and good construction. It is very flexible to rearrange the room inside to fit your needs.
0802130208|5.0|Very happy with this purchase.  I bought this book for myself on Amazon after buying it for a friend at Barnes & Nobel for 3x the cost.  The one I got from Amazon was in better condition than the new one I bought off the shelf there.  I was very impressed, so impressed i felt compelled to write a review for this.  Thanks for a great service!
0596805888|5.0|this book really gets into the fun geeky parts of cooking, really explaining not just the components of the dish, but the actual logic behind each part and how it is prepared
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Great show.  Lots of fun, great music.  I got it for $15 on Amazon in Dec 2010, but now the price is higher, which is weird.
B00275EHJG|3.0|The third installment of Toy Story was a decent movie in general, but nothing groundbreaking on any front. All in all, it was a clean close to a great franchise. The most note worthy thing I have to say is stay away from the 3D version. There is absolutely nothing worthwhile in the 3D version that would call for the extra cost.
B004EJ14V2|1.0|If they spent any more than 12 dollars making this movie, it would have better been spent flushing it down the toilet. The movie also gave my wife the runs. Stay away.
1423134206|5.0|Not very many years ago, a slew of well produced, high quality, large format books appeared to laud and illustrate the Disney animated features appearing at that time.  Titles included, \\"The Art of the Lion King\\", \\"The Art of Mulan\\" and \\"The Art of The Hunchback of Notre Dame\\". These books were indeed 'coffee table' in format and were all the better for it.  The information and art work fully utilised the large format and in so doing paid due tribute to the artistry of all involved in the making of those movies.  In more recent years the production values have noticeable dropped and more recent animated features, among them such excellent examples as Bolt and Tangled, have been accorded a much reduced \\"Art of\\" format for the authors and illustrators to work within.  In addition to the reduced size of the book, the weight of the paper and the quality of the printing has never quite seemed as good as it used to be.  With this Archive Series however, the publishers have obviously recognised that aficionados of 'the art of the art' will expect higher production values and, even though the size of the books is still smaller than the illustrations deserve, the other values seem to have been observed, at last.  I look forward to seeing further titles in this excellent series.
B004HWYTP4|5.0|This movie will blow your socks off.  It is HILARIOUS.  My wife peed the bed she was laughing so hard. It was out of control! Ashton Kutchers dad was so funny.
B0018LMZOE|5.0|While Every Good Boy Deserves Favour may be debated to be the best of the Moody Blues musical epics, it cannot be dismissed as anything less then one of the best they ever produced.  this remastered version only adds a bit more depth and musical excellence to this recording.  Anyone who has not bought remastered versions of the 1st 7 albums by the Moody Blues are missing a treat, since I have to redo these recordings to make them play as 1 long song (as I remember the original albums) I can still sit back and listen and remember the first time I heard these recordings back in the early 70s in Germany.  Good times to be had by all, music at some of its best moments.<br /><br />NOTE:  After 30+ years I have just realized that the name of this CD is NOT \\"Every Good Boy Deserves a Favor\\", maybe I am getting smarter.
B003V4AK8E|4.0|This controller is Basically a XBOX Controller for the Playstation and I Love it, I have only one complaint. Its Signal is easily blocked. I have to make sure that it is in Direct line with the Playstation. It has a very comfortable feel and works great.
1401923127|4.0|I love a good road trip.  I live in Washington state and my musician son had an audition down in LA.  He plays the upright bass, which costs a fortune to ship.  We found it cheaper if I just drive the bass to his audiitons.  One of my favorite things to do during a road trip is to listen to audiobooks.  I like scientific ones, for I usually stick with fiction when I read for enjoyment.  I got \\"The Biology of Belief\\" from the library, along with others, and set out on my journey.    I cannot begin to tell you- I was so blown away by this book!!  He takes you on a short journey through the history of science and philosophy and then starts building his case, citing experiments he himself has conducted, along with other experiments and the findings from those.  For those people who said it was boring, well, bless your hearts!!  I had to remind myself to shut my mouth, for my jaw kept dropping as he pointed out more facts and findings.  I found myself trying to take notes as I drove, for cryin' out loud!!    I returned the audiobook to the library when I got home but have come online to purchase one for my collection. This is good stuff, folks.  I urge you to either listen to or read this wonderful book.  If I had any complaint it came at the end, the final CD.  I got the impression he was almost dismissive with Buddhist mindfulness training.  He cited it as one way to go about altering your perception of things- I think it deserved a brighter light being shone on it, personally.
0553805371|4.0|I always appreciated Hawking's ideas and works, this book is an amazing berief conclusion of the last discoveries and theories of science, a better way to know our universe and a good base for people almost with any degree od knowledge to take over the ignorance and false beliefs.    I truly recommend this book to creationists, strong reasoning and the smooth, simple and clear text let everybody to gain knowledge without any pre-judgement.
B001Q9J4PG|2.0|Like all of Clancy's books, it's a good read when you don't want to have to use your mind much. I own the hardback, and the Kindle version leaves stuff out, mainly the prologue. What's up with that, Amazon?
0743298039|5.0|I LOVED this book.<br /><br />Margaret Lea is called upon by famous reclusive novelist Vida Winter to write Ms. Winter's life story.<br /><br />To say anything more would be a spoiler.<br /><br />This is a book about secrets. Everyone in this book is paralyzed in some way by their secrets...until they find out the truth.<br /><br />Not everyone will love this book the way I did. This book is \\"my style\\" - one of my styles, anyway. If you love gothic books, try this one. If you enjoyed books like Jane Eyre, Lady Audley's Secret, The Moonstone, The Woman in White, etc...this book is for you.<br /><br />I can't say that this book is as 'good' as Jane Eyre, but this book will stay in my mind the way that Jane Eyre does.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|The product description says Aspect ratio: 1.33:1.    No widescreen? The release should be 1.78:1 (16x9), like Avatar (way to go Spielberg!).    And I hope they didn't release it in 2.35:1 either?    This pan & scan ratio (1.33:1) can't be correct. Can it?    George would not do that to his loyal following. Would he?    Must be an Amazon mis-print. Is it?    On another related subject, it really upsets me visually when I have to stretch my screen vertically for every movie that is released in 2.35:1. Everyone looks way too skinny.    When will hollywood learn that all the TVs nowadays are 16x9, not 24x9, or whatever. I am sure that no one likes loosing almost half their screen because the studios that release the movies can't do simple math.
1400052173|4.0|Henrietta Lacks died a painful death from cervical cancer. Before she died, her doctor took a sample of some of her cancer cells, without her permission. Those cells never died. They grew and grew, like no cells had ever done in laboratories before. They came to be called HeLa and have helped scientists all over the world in various research projects.<br /><br />It took more than twenty years for her children to find out that their mother's cells were still alive. They received no money from the sale of their mother's cells. Finally, however, they know the whole truth. This book tells the world about HeLa, Henrietta Lacks and her family.<br /><br />I found it difficult to read about Henrietta's cancer and her pain, and the injustices she and her children faced. But I'm glad I read it. I think this book is important reading for all of us.
B00479SVBU|4.0|I purchased this FM transmitting MP3 player when I got tired of the bad programming on XM/Sirius for which they were going to charge some serious money and the tedious local FM stations.  What I now have is streaming media without interruption and at least when a bad piece of music comes up it can be fixed with the quick press of a button.  It's currently playing from an 8 Gig memory chip which holds enough music for my hours commute to not be repetitious for about a month or so.  And it takes about 30 minutes to load it when I decide to change things.    The device itself has several options for playing, including a aux jack input.  Plus the usual MP3 type things like Random shuffle and play it all thru.   The Random shuffle doesn't work very well and I have yet to figure out the bookmarking function.  But it is working well enough to keep me humming along the hiway.  It is powered by the auxilary power plug on my console and just hangs there.  There is no back up battery so when i jiggle it a bit it will sometimes go off and come back on.  All and all it was a valuable purchase and I will never go back to commercial radio again.
1402210795|4.0|Lord Sheringham needs to marry in order to be in control of his money. He's been competing for the hand of Isabella, but she rejects him soundly and he vows to marry the first woman he sees. It turns out to be a poor plain orphan named Hero whom he knew since childhood. She has always loved him. He cares for her, but only as he would care for a beloved pet. They marry, and one disaster after another follows because Sheringham is immature, and Hero knows nothing about how a lady is supposed to act.<br /><br />For a while, I was having trouble finishing this book. I made myself finish it today, and I rather enjoyed the ending. This book is clever and funny, and well done. I simply lost patience in the middle of the book. The characters kept getting in to one scrape after another, and the plot did not move forward. I think if there were a few less shenanigans in the middle it would have held my interest more - the end of the book picked up speed and I liked it.<br /><br />It was satisfying to see some of the characters grow up, learn their lessons, and change.  There is good character development in this book - and some amusing secondary characters to make the reader laugh.<br /><br />Recommended for fans of old fashioned romances, and for those who like clever dialog and historical accuracy.  Georgette Heyer is the best at what she does.
B001LF347E|5.0|I Love this Merlin Series, it is so well acted and filmed, The characters are totally believable. I wish the U.S. networks could make a t.v. drama as good as this one!!!
0142000655|5.0|All I can say this is the best book I ever read in my life. \\"Gone with the Wind\\" used to be my favorite, but \\"East of Eden\\" is now my new favorite. It's a long book, but it is well worth the time. Fantastic!
B003Z2LAAO|1.0|I will not spend hrs to write why you shouldn't buy this film. Just take my word, i returned the film after watching 15 minutes. This is an old converted film. relay bad quality and bad 3D. Cant be much worse.
B001NXBRJG|5.0|I've gotten used to expecting extra deleted scenes every time a movie is re-released, but this one didn't have any of that.  Still, it was the same great movie I remember with all of the quality of Blu-Ray.
B00005214X|4.0|The Beatles are what they are, or best saying, were what they were. Many people loved them and many people hated them. But one thing surprised us all, nobody expected that after the dissolution of the band, George Harrison could surprise us all with this record (triple vinil,if i'm not wrong, at the time). I didn't buy it, for the simple reason I could't afford it, it was expensive! But now, three decades are gone, and I decided to review this album and buy it, and I don't regret it, classics will be classics and no matter music can change, George Harrison will remain forever. Try something different!
B00000IQW5|5.0|I've always considered this among Spielberg's best work, its a perfect film. There is not a wasted moment in the whole thing. Its not a Space Opera, an adventure yarn or social commentary...its just a great, well-crafted movie that deserves to be re-examined as one of his classics.
B004HO6HWK|1.0|WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD.<br /><br />I entered and left the movie with the same thought: \\"If only James Frain were in this...\\"<br /><br />1. For a movie that tries to make you root for Steve, the killings... oh dear. West was clearly going for shock value, but I somehow felt sorry for the people being killed. So depressing and grotesque.<br /><br />2. The pair go around and into other's places, and they don't wear gloves, leave plenty of fingerprints, and yet they aren't once suspected of murder.<br /><br />3. Honestly, if Bishop knew that he'd get into pickle with his boss, why did he even bother with Steve at all. A good assassin would be professional and not go out of his way to train some drunkard douche and kill him later.<br /><br />4. What was the point of the O'hare bus fight??? I know Bishop wanted him out of the way quick, but why bother putting his work aside for the sake of killing some random guy??<br /><br />5. On that note, how did no one notice a fight on a bus, but just a guy getting hit with a car after being tossed out a window?<br /><br />6. The ending. Steve is like 20 KM from the gas station and this is a wireless detonator. How is that even possible????? There HAS to be some distance limit. That was such bullcrap.<br /><br />7. The acting is terrible. Statham, an actor I usually love, was limited to 2 emotions (if you can call them that): 1. \\"Don't bother me, I'm trying to figure out who this target is\\" and 2. \\"Don't bother me, I'm trying to make sure the job is done correctly\\" Ben Foster mumbles his way through the film, I literally could not understand WTF he was saying. You thought Ray Winstone's mumbling in Edge of Darkness was bad? Ben is FAR worse. His lines needed English subtitles.<br /><br />8. Better than 80% of the film was reaction shots with no dialog, of people standing around looking shocked. The rest of the film is jargon-filled exposition heavy dialogue and about 5 minutes of actual action.<br /><br />9. LAZY ACTION SCENES. I'm tired of going to action films and getting sick because the director has a problem with people being able to see what's going on. Shaky camera and quick cutting must die, I'm tired of it.<br /><br />10. When I walked out, I felt depressed and sick, like I just ran 4 miles and ran face first into a brick wall. I was excited, but this was just bleak, boring and lame, and I am a Jason Statham fan.<br /><br />I have not seen the original, and I must say I CERTAINLY don't plan on it any time soon. Avoid.lem with people being able to see what's going on. Shaky camera and quick cutting must die, I'm tired of it.    10. When I walked out, I felt depressed and sick, like I just ran 4 miles and ran face first into a brick wall. I was excited, but this was just bleak, boring and lame, and I am a Jason Statham fan.    I have not seen the original, and I must say I CERTAINLY don't plan on it any time soon. Avoid.
B003539QKO|1.0|Lil wayne is another sellout. He was only good before 2007. He is now a trash talking punk wannabe who should hope eminem or a real rapper asks to battle him live, he would get destroyed.
0061122416|5.0|I recieved the book in the same way it was written and the book is changing my life in so many ways. i find myself thinking of countless situations i could fix and countless ways to look at a new opportunity. I have to say this book is just something that i feel most people in this world should read because of intricateness. I love the book and it's done so much for me and i received the book yesterday and i've only read 45 pages. SMH ILOVEIT!lol A MUST READ BOOK!
0525948023|5.0|The seller made a mistake and listed a used book as new on accident. Said they had just started selling and this was an oversight. They completely refunded my order! Thank You, and i hope you earn that business back tenfold:)
B004132HZS|5.0|Coming from a true blue Sherlock Holmes fan, I can honestly say this is one of the best interpretations of the famous consulting detective we have yet to see. If you're worried that throwing the famous London duo into our modern world will cheapen the series, believe me it does anything but cheapen them. Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat have done a brilliant job of incorporating all the famous Holmes quotes, parts of the most well known stories, and then adding in pieces from lesser known Holmes novels. The chemistry between Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman is organic and just fun to watch. I highly recommend this series for anyone who loves the books. These two young men have made a name for themselves up there with Basil Rathbone, Jeremy Brett, and another recent take, Robert Downey Jr.     Enjoy!
B003ZSH606|5.0|I think I might like this Album best out of all of his albums except \\"A Funk Odyssey\\". There are some very definite '70s guitar riffs taken to the next level. Just buy it you'll love it if you love Jamiroquai.
0471603864|1.0|When I purchased this book I thought I was going to be getting the 2nd edition, which was what I needed for my class, but I was unpleasantly surprised to find that it was the first edition. Looking back, there isn't anywhere that even said the edition on amazon, so that should definitely be looked at.
185984054X|3.0|this is not a very good book. its extremely short. it can be read in about 1 hr., however, the story that it tells is amazing. this woman was a terrible human being. if you can get this book for cheap, get it.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This is a most mesmerising and captivating DVD.  The film footage is incredible and leaves you wondering how do they possible get these wonderful pictures.  Some of the wilderness shots just take your breath away.  If you haven't got a blu-ray system yet do yourself a favour, buy one and make this DVD the first one you view.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|This story could have gone so wrong. The plot could have been laughably fantastical; the child narrator's voice could have been silly; the plight of the characters could have been dramatically milked and conspicuously terrifying and sadistic (a la the novel Push on which the movie Precious was based). Instead we get an equally endearing and frustrating five year old narrator struggling to  understand he and his mother's circumstances that are beyond his full comprehension but completely apparent to us. It's hearbreaking and riveting as you begin to realize exactly what is going on, the tiny world they live in and the ways in which the mother has tried to make their reality as happy as she can for her son who is maturing in age and comprehension, making her ability to protect him that much harder. The author strikes the perfect balance in presenting this story, and the result is beautifully done and highly evocative. You will want to recommend this book to everyone. The different feelings you experience while reading make this a good book club read too.
1400052173|4.0|I started reading this book and was thinking that, based on the reviews, it was going to play the race card a lot but it didn't do that. In fact it was a thorough and well-researched story that I enjoyed reading.<br /><br />Many reviewers on Amazon think that Henrietta and her family were taken advantage of, but that wasn't the feeling that I came away with. The family certainly feels they should get some money, but the ethical standards of the day, the legal stance of the government, and the fact that this was the first immortal cell line disagrees with them. I also think it is worthwhile to note that the hospital, John Hopkins, provided free medical care that met the same standards for Henrietta and her assorted relatives as it did for white patients, and they also gave away the cultured cell samples for free to researchers. In fact, it wasn't until many years later that it was ruled that cell lines could be patented and people realized how much money they were worth. But that's just my point of view, people are entitled to their own.<br /><br />Anyway, this book is certainly an interesting read and not really skewed too badly in any direction.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|Well i loved about 95 percent of this book but so far hated the ending it turned into to much drama for me, the whole book was about action and how she couldnt live without him then \\"ah it was a fun joke in the face of death\\" overall i loved the book and would give it 4 and a half stars if i could but its just not worthy of five stars.
B004D7GU3C|1.0|Was forced to choose a star - if allowed, I would have given no stars.  So the guy is good looking - he recently came out and I guess he's trying to monopolize now to jump-start his stalled career.  The latino gay dance album highlights the fact that Mr. Martin has very little vocal ability.  Sex appeal sells anything and anybody these days. I'm sure he is a really nice guy...I'm sure he could stick with the latino soaps - music however is a chapter that he should consider closing in his life.
0679735909|2.0|This series of stories/ prose was simple prattle written for women primarily. This book was a waste of time and money. Perhaps Ms Byatt was ovulating while penning this worthless and disappointing scramble of verbiage.  Mostly a  \\" chic \\"  time for the brood.
B004BLJQOK|4.0|The past few years the vampire film has changed from what began as a horrifying creature to a seductive animal, followed by more creatures and finally with the TWILIGHT films a vampire more interested in seduction than say draining blood. All that changed with a well received Swedish film called LET THE RIGHT ONE IN.<br /><br />As with most movies that have success that come from foreign markets, Hollywood made the decision to remake it as an English language film in the hopes of attracting a wider audience. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. For me, this one works and works well. And for viewers who would rather not follow subtitles this movie should do the trick.<br /><br />Directed by CLOVERFIELD director Matt Reeves it's not so much a remake of the movie as it in an interpretation of the book. Reeves has gone on to say that he spoke with the author and found that his take on the book was what the author was attempting to discuss which was going through the awkward teen years set in a vampire story. It clicks here and Reeves does a great job.<br /><br />Set in Los Alamos, New Mexico, we find ourselves in the midst of winter. Young Owen (Kodi Smit-McPhee) is a small boy prone to being bullied while at school. Living with his mother (a woman trapped in her own problems with a failed marriage, devout religious follower and alcoholic in training) Owen leads a lonely life. There are no other kids in their apartment complex and he spends most of his time sitting on the frozen playground outside in the snow. Until a new neighbor shows up.<br /><br />Rarely seen this new neighbor moves into the apartment next door and at times Owen can hear conversations through the walls. The only person he sees is an older man (Richard Jenkins) who goes in and out of the apartment. Then one night Owen meets Abby (Chloe Moretz) who lets him know up front that they can't be friends. But friends they do become.<br /><br />Owen confides in her about the bullying at school. She advises him to just take the bully on up front, that he'll back down once Owen lets himself stop being pushed around. She also lets him know that if need be she'll be there to back him up.<br /><br />What Owen doesn't know is that Abby is a vampire. The man she lives with isn't really her father but the man who takes care of her, supplying her with fresh blood that he extracts from victims he kills and then drains. When a draining goes wrong, Owen can hear two voices arguing, neither of which sounds like a child. Due to this accident, Abby is forced to go out and feed on her own.<br /><br />Owen and Abby become close friends. Both lead lonely lives but find comfort in one another's company. Each is the companion the other thought they'd never have. But would this be the case if Owen truly knew what Abby was?<br /><br />While this story unfolds the police are searching for the savage killer on the streets. The bullies continue to give Owen a hard time as we wait to see if he calls their bluff. And the time draws near where we discover if Abby will reveal herself to Owen or not. And if she does, what will be his response?<br /><br />The surface of this movie is a horror film with a few gory moments tossed in for those fans but a more horrifying tale that smolders beneath. It's less about the attacks and bloodshed of the vampire and more about what it takes to survive, especially while being 12 years old for so long. Gone is the romantic adolescent version of vampirism and in its place a deeper story of what it's like to be lonely in the middle of a world full of people.<br /><br />Each actor does a fantastic job, most importantly the two young leads. For either of them to carry the weight and depth of their characters is something worth watching, for both of them to do so is amazing. Jenkins does a good job but is relegated to little in this film. And Elias Koteas as the detective searching for a killer does a tremendous job.<br /><br />It seems that many horror fans havetaken a liking to blood drenched horror that offers multiple mutilations these days. For those that like something to think about, that plays as much with your mind as it does your stomach, this is a movie that will whet your appetite. The pacing may be slow, but there's a reason for that. This is a story that unfolds rather than slaps you in the face. And a good story at that.r those that like something to think about, that plays as much with your mind as it does your stomach, this is a movie that will whet your appetite. The pacing may be slow, but there's a reason for that. This is a story that unfolds rather than slaps you in the face. And a good story at that.
0312600844|5.0|I really liked it.  I recommended it to my daughter and she can't put it down either.  We both have different impressions of the characters.  Might have to do with the generational difference. I saw some of them as hollow or petty; always real. She gets a totally different feel.  She thought Walter is virtuous and Richard is detestable; I saw them completely differently.  Franzens ability to develope character complexity is fun to read.  Nevertheless, I enjoyed the prose and did not want the story to come to an end.  When it did, the fact it ended how I wanted it to was a big bonus.
1599218011|5.0|I give her 5 stars just because you can tell a tremendous amount of fun and loving care was put into this book. Ok, I'm biased. I know this lady, Kris Carr, made a documentary, 3 books, and a website all in 3 years. While battling a rare cancer. My thinking is \\"Whatever this girl is doing must be working!\\"<br /><br />First, I just want to talk about the quality of the appearance of this book. It is actually worth your 20 dollars. It is eye catching and appealing. It makes learning about this stuff fun!<br /><br />I'd give 4 stars for the content. The content is a great starting place to learn all about these weird \\"alternative health\\" and diet things you may have overheard lately. She explains these in a bit of detail, but certainly enough for you to do your own research if you want to learn more. She backs up her information (usually...) with generally agreed facts and sources.<br /><br />One thing I like about this is that she is trying really hard to not exclude people. She tried, in this book, to really not make you feel bad for eating meat, even though you can tell she thinks its the worst thing in the world (or one of them). You can tell she tries really hard to never make any kind of claim that any of this stuff is a \\"cure\\". She doesn't go near that word! She talks about how these things \\"help\\" a lot and she gives some data to prove it.<br /><br />DISLIKE!<br />One thing I dislike is that she wants you to take B12 vitamins because she's hoping you'll go vegan.<br />Well, why not this, Kris?? Instead of taking vitamins which are unnatural and made with questionable ingredients (unless you pay top dollar for your vitamins), why not just eat humanely-raised eggs and meat every once in a while?<br /><br />I also dislike how she implies that the skin absorbs all that goes on it. No, it doesn't. The skin is a membrane. Membranes do not absorb everything that go on it! Membranes absorb only want that membrane can absorb! I recommend you do your own research on this and learn exactly what and how much the skin absorbs. Granted, there are plenty of toxins we are absorbing, but we're not absorbing them all.<br /><br />She also doesn't provide a good argument for someone to do enemas or colon-therapy (water up your behind). She should have taken more care here. Knowing that her book is targeting a general population, she should have worked harder to make this weird action make sense to do. It doesn't. Its another thing that can help a little if you do it well (I always have terrible experience with it) and consistently.<br /><br />In the end, I give her 5 stars because it is an all-encompassing book. Her voice and diction is so much fun, as well as the colours and graphics. I admire Kris's effort!sorbs. Granted, there are plenty of toxins we are absorbing, but we're not absorbing them all.    She also doesn't provide a good argument for someone to do enemas or colon-therapy (water up your behind). She should have taken more care here. Knowing that her book is targeting a general population, she should have worked harder to make this weird action make sense to do. It doesn't. Its another thing that can help a little if you do it well (I always have terrible experience with it) and consistently.    In the end, I give her 5 stars because it is an all-encompassing book. Her voice and diction is so much fun, as well as the colours and graphics. I admire Kris's effort!
1593072937|5.0|So far I have read the first 4 of this series.  Frank Miller is a genuis!  This is one of my favorite series ever!  Marv is a character that you cannot forget and would never want to.  Masterfully written!  Buy this book!  You need this book!
B00127RAJY|5.0|If you are dedicated, this is perfect. As with any of Jillian Michael's programs, you won't get the results if you are not dedicated. This is just what I needed - I am completely satisfied. This isn't hype - her programs really do work!
014241543X|5.0|Life is full of difficult decisions. But for Mia, she's faced with the hardest decision of them all. After a devastating car accident Mia learns that her cool, quirky, punk rock parents have died instantly. She's the only one left until she finds what appears to be her younger brother Teddy's hand sticking out in the nearby ditch. Upon closer examination, Mia finds its her hand - and her body blood soaked and sprawled out in the ditch. Teddy's nowhere to be found. But wait - if her body's there, how is she seeing this? How is she seeing her mother being zipped up in a body bag? How is she searching for poor Teddy? How can she hear the paramedics diagnosis?    Mia's spirit has seemed to detach itself from her body, allowing her to see, to hear, to almost feel the chaos that's going on around her. What started out as a normal family drive turned out to be life changing. Not only did it leave her nearly dead, but it left her orphaned. No mom or dad, and she's quickly facing the possibility that there may be no more Teddy either.    Following her body wherever it is taken, Mia has the chance to see, from the outside in, what's going on with her. She has the chance to see her family, Gram and Gramps, and how they are all waiting, coping, grieving, praying for her. She can see her best friend Kim curse out her own mother, she can see Adam, her boyfriend crumble to his knees. She can see all of this, but she's physically in a coma - she shouldn't be seeing, hearing, almost feeling anything.    Not sure of what's really happening, or why it is happening Mia relived various key moments in her life: her first date with Adam, the day she and best friend Kim duke it out in the school yard, her trip to the Julliard audition with Gramps instead of Gram, her father's punk rock song, her mother being a bitch as if it were a bad thing. She relived these moments and more all  while struggling with the reality that she has to make a decision.  This is a decision only she could make...Will she stay? Or will she leave?    Gayle Forman has done the unthinkable. As heartbreaking and tragic as If I Stay is, Forman has managed to smuggle in wit, charm, and humor - things readers will never suspect.     The driving force isn't just the storyline or the writing, it's Mia. Mia has such a strong voice that when you're reading If I Stay you can hear her voice resonating in your ear. Even though she's in a life threatening position, she can't help but be honest and full of raw emotion.     Short and concise, If I Stay will engage any reader. Forman has created a situation that even though we as readers would never hope to find ourselves in,  we cannot seem to stop thinking about what would we do if we were in Mia's shoes.     If I Stay is a powerful eye opener that doesn't only show the tragedies that often take place in life, but shows us how human we really are, and no matter what our age is we aren't invincible.
1573228737|4.0|A gay Victorian novel about the spiritualist cult, the psychology of desperation, and an in depth look at prison life for women of the era, Affinity innitially took some work for me because of Waters' endeavor to be authentic. Lots of commas and fog. The novel does get pretty Gothic and while there is stuff of interest throughout (enough to keep me going) I did almost put it aside. Murky atmospheres oppress me - which is interesting in that this novel is about varieties of oppression. Something told me to keep going and it was well worth it. I have to say the last 50 pages are magnificent! I won't say more because I don't want to ruin it. TRULY great ending, which is a rare thing.<br /><br />Most interesting to me is that I recognized the name of another terrific gay author hidden in the writing. Added another dimension.
0446672653|5.0|Couldn't put the book down... Once you start.. You gotta finish it... Great book, opened up a whole new perspective for me... If you are interested in reincarnation, and soulmates, you should grab... there's not an easier book to read..
B003EY7IRC|5.0|Well, oh wow. I have to center myself first. Today I finished the last book of this great series. And I don't know where I should start. I don't want to tell you something about the story in detail. It's too much and too complex and complicatet. It was a roller coaster of emotions the whole time. Especially the relationship between Mac and Jericho is very crazy and sometimes went me angry and crazy, too. The dialogues between them and how they handle with each other was sometimes very curious. The story have many surprising effects.    Sometimes it was a little bit too much of informations and sometimes it was very difficult to follow the idea of the author. Why V'lane, Mac, Jericho and all the others do and act in their very special way was not always easy to understand.    The character Mac growth in personal strength a lot. Mac turn in a self-confident woman who think she loose everone she loved. And this experience make her very strong. She get more informations about what and who she is and what Barrons is. Dani, Rowan, Kat, Macs parents, V'lane, the Unseelie King and a lot of other beings play a big role in this book. Because, the secret behind the book and the Unseelie King is disclosed and you get the solution of all the problems in the books before.    It's a great book and a must for all Fever Fans. Because it's the ending.... well, is it really? There is a little sentence at the end of the story. Maybe sometimes, somedays there will be a Fever 6? I don't know. And I don't know what should I do without Mac and Jericho.    Fasten your seatbelt because this book is one of the fastest I have ever read!
B000F4RHB6|5.0|I use this cd in my car, and I crank up the volume!  They were the first group I saw in concert back 1984.  I love these guys, and listening to their music brings back wonderful memories of my high school days.
B0036OS3OM|4.0|The boots are very lightweight and comfortable, but I should not have listened to other reviewers who said the boots should be ordered a size up. I usually wear a size 6 1/2 or 7, but most people recommended ordering the next size up since the boots do not come in half sizes. I think a size 7 would have been sufficient for me. Even with 2 pairs of socks the size 8 are pretty big, especially in width.
B001992NUQ|3.0|Now I bought this for the movie great as always, but I would have loved for it to have some extra content being the 10th anniversary edition.<br /><br />How about some interviews from say the director or the cast after 10 years. What they think of the movie after all these years and how it's affected them and their careers. Stuff like that.<br /><br />**Spoiler (Kinda)**<br /><br />That menu trick at the beginning was good for a laugh the first time around, but it gets annoying because I have to wait through it to start the movie.
B0047WJ12K|5.0|I thought this was a good movie. The twists and turns are great. It keeps you guessing well after the end. It was well acted. Leo is awesome!!! as always. All in all a very fun and thought provoking film. It leaves you wondering if this could really happen in real life.
1556438850|5.0|I just got this book and was hesitant... I was a little afraid it might be another one of those \\"pseudo-informative how to teach Yoga and what is Yoga\\" ones...   So far, I did not regret this purchase at all! It might not hold new insights to the VERY experienced teacher - but it provides a thoroughly researched and very accurate overview of actual facts and offers super nice exapmles for teaching, learning, understanding, and simply \\"putting it all together\\". It sums a lot of the stuff you can find out there up into one fine structured read.   As for \\"too much Sanskrit\\" as one criticized... well, I think Yoga simply comes with/in Sanskrit... so, it can't really be \\"too much\\"...
B0000AQS0F|5.0|The dialogue is fantastic, but you have to really listen or you will miss it. The good thing about that is it means you can watch the (far too few) episodes more than once, and still find new things to laugh about.     One caveat: the pilot episode doesn't ease you into the large cast or the background of their situation. You are plunged into a fast-moving story, and a complex cast who mumble quick dialogue (interspersed with technical details about spaceship engines, plus some comments in other languages). I was so confused through most of the pilot that I hesitated about continuing to episode 2. But I am glad I did. Once I figured out who everyone was, and what the world they live in was all about, I was hooked.     The show is clean enough that teens or pre-teens could watch it, but it would go way over their heads. So watch the first episode twice until you have figured it all out, and then enjoy the ride!
B003VANOFY|5.0|Upgrading from a Fatality non USB headset, these are a huge improvement.  While there are a few cons, the pros greatly outweigh them.      Pros:  Auto Mute when the boom goes up   Isolate noise to the point where people have to yell at me to get my attention  Microphone is decent  G Keys to skip music while away from the computer (or other things)  Surround Sound (needs tweaking out of box though)    Cons:  Battery life is kinda short   Uncomfortable(After an hour or so)    Neutral:  Range of headset is ok(My Sennheissers get much better range)        Overall if you have the money to spend and want a quality gaming headset, pick these up.  You won't be disappointed.
B000003BF1|5.0|First off let me start by saying that I am not a Stones expert or even much of a fan.  To me they are pretty much a standard classic rock band from the 60s/70s.  You know, an FM radio, \\"greatest hits\\" type of band.  In other words, if you want a CD, just buy the greatest hits and that's all you need.  In fact, I've listened to a lot of their stuff and honestly I do not like most of their music.      However, this album is the exception.  From the first time I heard it I thought it was pretty special.  The album contains classics like 'Gimme Shelter', 'Let it Bleed', 'Midnight Rambler', 'You Can't Always Get What You Want', 'Country Honk', & 'You Got the Silver'.    If you own only one Stones album, then this is the one....
B000002H97|3.0|Unlike a lot of the old-school 80s Metallica fans who absolutely hated this record, I found it to be just average.  Yeah, they \\"sold out\\" and went out and got Bon Jovi's producer.  But, it made them rich.  The album's production really isn't that bad - the songs are just slower and more commercial than anything they had done previously.  That's not really a crime against humanity.  I like this album more now than I did when it first came out in 1991.      The only song that is really weak is \\"Nothing Else Matters\\".  I am not saying I do not like mellow acoustical songs.  I just don't think James pulled it off.  Writing songs like that is not his area of expertise...    The other singles are the songs everyone knows:  Enter Sandman; Sad But True; The Unforgiven; Wherever I May Roam.  Enter Sandman has a good riff and good drumming and is the best of the lot.  Beyond the singles, I think the last 2 songs, \\"My Friend of Misery\\" and \\"The Struggle Within\\" have some good moments.  These last 2 songs are underrated.    The 90s were not kind to Metallica in terms of their musical progression.  This album started the decline....however, as a long time fan of the band, I can recommend it as a starting point for the new listener because it's the most accessible for the general public...
B000002U8G|5.0|Floyd is my favorite band.  Owning every disc in the Floyd canon, I have to say that this is their first truly good album.  In fact, much of their pre-Meddle work was highly experimental and frankly was not that great or even that listenable.    The album's centerpiece is obviously the 23 1/2 minute \\"Echoes\\" which has a lot of nice effects and guitar, bass & keyboard work.  I like the vocals on the song too.  It's clearly a bit indulgent; they probably could have edited 10 minutes out of it and we'd be none the wiser....but still, great song.    The opening track, \\"One of These Days\\", is a fantastic song from the opening bass effect to the end; the song's single line lyric, the industrial sounding \\"One of these days I'm going to cut you into little pieces\\", is just awesome!    \\"Fearless\\" is a quality, chilled out piece.  \\"A Pillow of Winds\\" is actually quite similar to \\"Fearless\\" in its moods and adds some great guitar work from Gilmour.    The upbeat \\"San Tropez\\" and the silly bluesy spoof \\"Seamus\\" often get panned by critics.  I'm fine with both songs; they fit the lighter mood of the middle part of the album.  And, based on what I remember from the Live at Pompeii video, I don't think the band members themselves took these two tracks that seriously...    5 Stars for this PF release, and 5 stars for every subsequent album (including \\"Obscured By Clouds\\") thru \\"The Wall\\".  This album kicks off an amazing decade of creativity by the Floyd!
B0000024JN|4.0|Never have been much of a rap or hip hop fan, but I loved this thing when it first came out when I was in high school way back in '86...when rap was still somewhat new.  I liked the harder edge and how it married guitars and rap, especially in songs like \\"Rhymin and Stealin\\" and the hits \\"Fight For Your Right\\" and \\"No Sleep to Brooklyn\\".  Kerry King even threw in some guitar work on 'No Sleep to Brooklyn'.  Thanks to Rick Rubin's production.    Other great songs are \\"She's Crafty\\", \\"Girls\\", \\"Paul Revere\\", \\"Brass Monkey\\", and \\"Slow and Low\\". There is a fair amount of variety in these songs, and that's why it's less of a traditional rap album as compared to their later stuff.    Yeah, the lyrics are adolescent at times, but in the end License to Ill is a fun album with fun lyrics and music.  And isn't that what it's all about?
B000002H33|5.0|I remember when this album was first released in 1986, for the first few months I don't think the cassette left my tape player except maybe from when I carried it between my car stereo and my stereo in my bedroom.  I listened to it end-to-end, non-stop, for months.    Even though we are approaching the 25th anniversary of this album, and in this time extreme metal has gotten more extreme, and production techniques have improved drastically, I still think Master holds up very well.  Metallica was just so precise and together in this period - no band of the era could compare.  Metallica was at their best in the 80s and has yet to top this.  They need to go back to Denmark and get with Flemming Rasmussen and produce another album!    From the acoustic strumming at the opening of \\"Battery\\" to the abrupt end of \\"Damage Inc\\", there is hardly a dull moment on here.  If I had to choose my favorite songs, I'd say it's a toss up between the 8+ minute title track and the 8+ minute instrumental 'Orion'.  However, the speedy bookends (Battery and Damage) as well as \\"Sanitarium\\" and the riff-heavy \\"Disposable Heroes\\" are impressive as well.   \\"Leper Messiah\\" has a raw, almost \\"Garage Days\\" type of sound.  The weakest link, both musically and lyrically, is probably \\"The Thing that Should Not Be\\", although Lars' drumming is quite good on this track.    Still my favorite Met album.  Any fan of metal, or music in general, should own this iconic album...
B000001FY9|5.0|Highly recommended if you are new to Bob Marley and Reggae.  This album represents Bob's best - the title says it all.  Every song is perfect.  Just buy it and play it and you won't be disappointed.    If you have all of Bob's solo releases, then this album really isn't necessary, unless you want a pre-made playlist for your ipod.    Reggae surely misses Bob.  After his passing reggae lost its way.  Listening to this collection makes one think what else could have been....    Thanks Bob for all the Great Tunes!
B004KPQK2S|5.0|I loved this movie.  It was well done with no sex or swearing!  The acting was great and the horses were beautiful.  We call this one a \\"keeper.\\"  Which means we will soon own it to watch again.
B002I9Z8I0|5.0|If you love Star Trek, you might as well pick up the entire set of original movies. I purchased the collection, and consider it to be worth the DVD quality. Owned the VHS versions, and they have since been filed into the garbage. Live long and Prosper.
0061726826|3.0|The last thing Lena wants to catch is amor deleria nervosa, the disease known as love. Since scientists have come up with a procedure that cures the evil that is love it's only a matter of turning eighteen and she'll be safe. Before the cure there was chaos in the world and now there is peace, even if America has cut itself off from the rest of the world. Electrified fences guard the peaceful town of Portland from the Wilds and the rumored Invalids who dwell out there. All Lena has to worry about now is doing well at her evaluation so she can be paired with a suitable spouse and counting down the days until the danger of love is a thing of the past.<br /><br />But she hides a big secret. Her mother, despite multiple procedures, was never cured. She was willing to die after the last one rather than give up on love. Tainted by this stain on the family name the last thing Lena should do is find herself doing--just weeks before she will be paired with another--is falling in love.<br /><br />Conceptually I am loving this book. I am a huge fan of dystopian plots where emotion has become an enemy. I absolutely LOVE the film Equlibrium and thought this story would be much in the same vein. Consider this a much tamer and far less actiony spin on that basic story. Oliver has created a world where love is essentially the root of all evil. Until they are cured at a safe age of eighteen girls and boys are seperated from one another to prevent contraction. But still it sometimes happens.<br /><br />Lena is a character I liked but didn't love. Some of her reactions and choices didn't make sense to me considering the world building. The world building was also an issue for me. I had a hard time believing that America and Portland (etc.) were so completely isolated. Many things like cell phones and internet didn't seem really workable with the world building and kept making me pick apart the world when I should have been absorbing and enjoying the story itself. If you're a reader who does this frequently you might find it makes the whole thing unravel. Even so if you can suspend disbelief the heart of the story, censorship, the many facets and types of love, sacrifice, control, fear... it's all very good.<br /><br />I can't lie. I had a hard time finishing Delirium after a certain point. It was the picking apart the world and the many questions it aroused (ie. if these communities are so isolated where do their food/movies/clothing come from?) that did me in. I wish I could have gotten past it because the final chapter was amazing. The final paragraph especially resonated with me and left me sad that I didn't enjoy the whole book. If you're a fan of romance and young adult dystopian novels looking for a somewhat less dark (as in starving, fighting, zombies, wars) read than most this worth reading.<br />***Notes: I received this as an unsolicited ARC from the publisher.ou might find it makes the whole thing unravel. Even so if you can suspend disbelief the heart of the story, censorship, the many facets and types of love, sacrifice, control, fear... it's all very good.    I can't lie. I had a hard time finishing Delirium after a certain point. It was the picking apart the world and the many questions it aroused (ie. if these communities are so isolated where do their food/movies/clothing come from?) that did me in. I wish I could have gotten past it because the final chapter was amazing. The final paragraph especially resonated with me and left me sad that I didn't enjoy the whole book. If you're a fan of romance and young adult dystopian novels looking for a somewhat less dark (as in starving, fighting, zombies, wars) read than most this worth reading.  ***Notes: I received this as an unsolicited ARC from the publisher.
030726999X|4.0|Ordinarily, I would say that lots of detail in a book is a good thing, but here I think it's a little excessive.  I don't need to know the timing of a character's action to the exact minute or the brand of coffee maker they use, unless it actually furthers the plot, which it generally doesn't here.  That and astonishingly large cast of characters that I had trouble keeping track of are the only reasons this book didn't get all 5 stars.
B004D7GU3C|2.0|Ok, much props to Ricky Martin for finally acknowledging publicly his truth.    But I honestly feel this record could've been much much better and could've had a stronger punch. Yes, this could've been his \\"coming out\\" record and I don't mean that as a gay dance record but a record that would truly establish his status as an artist who's going for something more...real. Probably the problem was Desmond Child producing it? Who knows.    I only found 3 strong tracks on this one: lo mejor de mi vida eres tu, sera sera and Cantame Tu Vida.    Maybe next time Ricky.
0345472322|4.0|\\"Mindset\\" presents the interesting concept of how our mindset affects our approach to almost anything. Dr. Dweck believes that we approach each situation in our lives with either a \\"fixed mindset\\" or a \\"growth mindset\\". In the fixed mindset outcome is predetermined (ie. \\"I am bad at math, I've always been bad at math\\"). In the growth mindset you view new experiences as challenges (I don't know how to do this but I'm anxious to learn). I found these concepts intriguing. However, Dr. Dweck tends to be a bit redundent. I also would have like a few more practical applications for helping people alter their fixed mindsets. Interesting read.
185984054X|5.0|A forceful and convincing (if somewhat strident) destruction of the myth of Mother Teresa. Christopher Hitchens takes on quite a few angles of the `sacredness of Mother Teresa'.<br /><br />One of the most convincing is the squalor of the hospices in Calcutta and elsewhere. Very little of the donated money (and this is in the millions) goes into improving the facilities. Aspirins are the only anaesthetics provided to terminally ill patients. Needles are recycled on different patients. Unremitting suffering is seen as ennobling and medical care is not a priority. In these hospices the attendants are not to question their roles - they are part of the Mother Teresa cult.<br /><br />Despite the frugality of her hospices Mother Teresa cavorts with the rich and famous - the English monarchy and the Duvalier's of Haiti. She espouses the most rigid doctrines of the Catholic Church (as in her Nobel Prize winning speech) - she is against any form of contraceptive use and lashes out that abortion is the worst sin.<br /><br />Perhaps Hitchens' goes too far in attacking her contacts with world leaders. What has Mother Teresa done to empower the people of Calcutta, to educate them and to prevent them from dying in the streets? She is treating the end effect. Where has all the money gone from the donations?
B002KSPKRS|5.0|When I heard of the x41 and all the things they said it does, I didn't really pay much attention because I have been through many headsets and I figured nothing would be different with this one. I decided to purchase this headset despite the price. Let me tell you that it is true what they say about if you buy cheap, you will buy over and over but if you pay for quality, you will only pay once. The surround sound on this set was amazing the moment I hooked it up. The hook up is so easy, a monkey can do it. Playing halo reach and left 4 dead 2, I actually heard many sound I never had. The design is great and very light. The ear prices are big enough for my ears (considering how I have big ears) and very conferrable. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is looking for the best gaming experience out there. The price is a little expensive, but you will quickly forget about that once you try them out.
B0025KVLTM|5.0|As a kid I never liked the Beatles, but I had never listen to them.  As I got older I still didn't like them but respected them.  Then came the day when I heard A Hard Days Night and I released I had to give these guys a chance.  I continued to listen to the greatest hits collection until my dad came home with every sing Beatles' album.  I was excited but only downloaded a few songs.  But then one day I heard the song Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band playing over the radio.  It blew my mind, I was stunned at what I had been missing out on all these years.  Excited to hear the rest of the album I grabbed the CD and downloaded the rest of the album.  I then listened to the rest of the album and fully discovered the full experience of the Beatles.  From the opening song telling you what is head, the complex Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, the sadness of She's Leaving Home, and the haunting closer of A Day In the Life, this album is packed.  It's no wonder so many people call this the best album ever.  From the different styles of music and sound effects make this album revolutionary.  I later went on to download all the Beatles albums and became a fanatic.  This album is recommend for any music lover
B0035JNRYY|4.0|Good Movie. Yes, there is sex but not anything that would hardcore. There is brief nudity...lil nip slips here and there.  A couple in need of money get's offered money from a billionare to spend a night with the man's wife. At first they flat out reject the offer and tell him \\"to go to hell\\" than later that night not being able to sleep start having second thoughts...yea that's all i'm goin to say about it.
0679720200|5.0|The Stranger by Albert Camus<br /><br />The novel was published in 1942 and it was Camus' first novel. It won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1957.<br /><br />The setting of the novel is in French Algeria. Camus begins the story with Meursault, the narrator, stating: \\"Mother died today.\\" It is a terrific opening line; a great line to get the reader's attention.<br /><br />The plot is simple. Meursault, the main character who is also the narrator, is a Frenchman living in French Algiers. He attends his mother's funeral but he does not exhibit grief over the death of his mother. His actions and behavior show that he seemed unaffected by his mother's death, which of course was very disturbing to me as the reader. He carries on with his life as though nothing had happened. He narrates the uninteresting events in his daily life culminating in his senseless murder of an Arab man. The book is divided into Part One (before the murder) and Part Two (after the murder). Part One ends with a description of the murder, which to me, was the climax of the story. Part two deals with the trial. He is condemned to die by guillotine.<br /><br />After reading the novel, the interest, at least for me, is not so much the details of the plot but the personality of Meursault, the literary devices used by Camus to dramatize highpoints or turning points in the story, and of course Camus' philosophy that the world and society are essentially absurd and indifferent; life is meaningless; the randomness of violence and death. We are like ships tossed about in a stormy sea. Society does not care about you as a person and therefore, it is up to you as an individual to find meaning in life. But in the end what is the use? Does it really matter? Thinkers and philosophers refer to this way of thinking as existentialism. The novel is perceived a classic example of existentialism. Camus used the thoughts and the personality of the main character, Meursault, to illustrate and underline his existentialist philosophy.<br /><br />Meursault is emotionally impoverished; he has no passion in life. He is dispassionate and detached. He works as a clerk or secretary and the characteristic attribute of his life is dullness: sleeping, going to work. He exhibits neither excitement nor enthusiasm for living. One day is pretty much like another day.<br /><br />Meursault attributes his killing of the Arab man as \\"chance.\\" Meursault expresses neither guilt nor regret. It was just chance and the heat of the day; as if he was not at all responsible for the crime. The incident occurs on a beach in Algiers, when Meursault, his girlfriend Marie, and his friend Raymond spend a weekend at the beach. There was no motive to the killing. It was a reflex reaction to a self-perceived threat. What he felt, what his emotions were during that crucial and fatal encounter, Meursault does not tell us. During that fatal moment, Meursault focused more on describing the heat at the beach where the murder occurred and how the heat affected his senses. It would seem as though the extreme heat and glare of the sun caused him to kill the Arab. The best passage in the book occurs in this section, the conclusion of Part One. In this passage, we can appreciate Camus' brilliance as a writer by his use of word imagery to move the story. I consider the passage one of the finest examples of descriptive writing.<br /><br />The book is a great read but I did not like the personality of the main character and I do not agree with the author's philosophy that the world and society are indifferent, that life is meaningless. We give meaning and direction to our life. The world is what we make it. The book raises timeless questions about ethics, the meaning and direction of life and social justice.t is emotionally impoverished; he has no passion in life. He is dispassionate and detached. He works as a clerk or secretary and the characteristic attribute of his life is dullness: sleeping, going to work. He exhibits neither excitement nor enthusiasm for living. One day is pretty much like another day.     Meursault attributes his killing of the Arab man as \\"chance.\\" Meursault expresses neither guilt nor regret. It was just chance and the heat of the day; as if he was not at all responsible for the crime. The incident occurs on a beach in Algiers, when Meursault, his girlfriend Marie, and his friend Raymond spend a weekend at the beach. There was no motive to the killing. It was a reflex reaction to a self-perceived threat. What he felt, what his emotions were during that crucial and fatal encounter, Meursault does not tell us. During that fatal moment, Meursault focused more on describing the heat at the beach where the murder occurred and how the heat affected his senses. It would seem as though the extreme heat and glare of the sun caused him to kill the Arab. The best passage in the book occurs in this section, the conclusion of Part One. In this passage, we can appreciate Camus' brilliance as a writer by his use of word imagery to move the story. I consider the passage one of the finest examples of descriptive writing.     The book is a great read but I did not like the personality of the main character and I do not agree with the author's philosophy that the world and society are indifferent, that life is meaningless. We give meaning and direction to our life. The world is what we make it. The book raises timeless questions about ethics, the meaning and direction of life and social justice.
B001PB3RU8|5.0|I absolutely love love love this CD. First and foremost, the band is awesome, the album is awesome.  Great organization, each track is brilliant. I bought the discounted price from Amazon but the CD was in tip-top shape. Fantastic.
B0036S4CTS|5.0|I purchased this book after I a friend was reading it at my house.  I absolutely fell in love as soon as I started reading.  The characters were so real and the writing so vivid that I haven't been able to stop thinking about it.  At first I wondered how the dots could be connected by just 1 day a year over a 20 year span but it worked.  The story of Dex and Emma is incredibly complete and is told in such a way that it seems like the reader is actually watching the lives of these 2 people develop in front if their eyes.  Definitely one of those books that stays with you long after you put it down.
1594202842|1.0|be aware, there have probably been Hundreds of negative reviews omitted by Amazon about this book as others have noted (but i don't think it can be noted enough); i will keep this short, since this one will be taken down soon enough - people who have abused and tortured their children really like this book, they feel justified in their actions, now it's just a \\"style\\" of parenting to get the most from your kids. this lady is a criminal and belongs in prison with a bunch of other psychopaths. destroying your children's spirit, being a slavemaster to them, threatening and torturing them?!? That's not parenting, that is Pure Evil. you get the most out of people by loving and encouraging them, it's so unfortunate that a monster like this has been able to get ahead in life - i hope there is a day of reckoning awaiting people like this.
B00005221M|5.0|But this movie while taking liberties with the original work, is a beautiful and sweeping epic; substantially aided by breathtaking scenery, masterful cinimatography and moving scoring.  This edition does not include the Clanad orginal song.  Not suitable for students trying to avoid reading the difficult original work, but is a great period piece with enough action for the boys and smoldering romance for the girls.
B002ZG98CS|1.0|Even if this movie were NOT terrible, I would Still HATE it solely for the ANTI-AMERICA / PRO-PROGRESSIVE agenda pushed throughout the ENTIRETY of the film, from Start To Finish. ___ I've been a Rodriquez fan for a long time... I live in Texas, as he does... but apparently, he's hid his true feelings about His / Out Country very well.... at least.... up until now (as has most of the cast).  I WILL NEVER WATCH ANOTHER FILM MADE, OR PRODUCED, BY THIS MAN.... NOR WILL I WATCH ANY FILM FROM THOSE STUPID ENOUGH TO BE INVOLVED WITH THIS TRASH:  ie: ROBERT DE NIRO... DANNY TREJO... MICHELLE RODRIQUEZ.... AND SO ON.  (in hindsight, what can you really expect from a film that has Lindsay Lohan in it!!!!? --- who, fittingly, plays a drugged-out-whore.) ____ Also, he (Rodriquez) apparently didn't get the \\"Grindhouse\\" style out of his system w/ the last movie, because this is done in the exact same way, grain & scratches, etc. etc.  While I DID like the Grindhouse feature (more than I liked it's companion \\"Death Proof\\").... it does NOT work for this movie.... then again, NOTHING works for this movie --- except that it makes you want to track down & burn every copy you can find, just to stop the spread of the REAL PARASITE... the Progressive Agenda  (which in the film, the \\"Parasites\\" are the \\"undocumented workers\\", according to the DeNiro played Republican Senator) _______ That said... It makes you WANT TO... but I'm NOT advocating burning it, or anything else.... see, unlike people on the LEFT, I believe in FREE SPEECH... EVEN IF I DON'T LIKE IT... where as the LEFT believes in \\"free speech\\" so long as it's \\"in-step\\" with what THEY believe... and anything else should be shut-down &/or controlled/censured (note: \\"Fairness Doctrine\\", \\"Net Neutrality\\", etc.) Seeing as this, for the moment, is still a FREE-MARKET SOCIETY... I will do something More Effective (and Peaceful) than destroying copies of this trash... I'll simply NOT SUPPORT THEM, MONETARILY, FROM NOW ON... a Good Old-Fashion Boycott; but NOT one organized by George Sorros or his goons of course, haha. ____ ANYWAY, THIS IS FILTH, IN EVERY SENSE.... And again, even IF this were NOT Ant-American / Leftist Propaganda.... the Movie itself, was just TERRIBLE. ___ I gave it chance after chance... and held my tongue throughout... because again, I've been a BIG fan of his past work (And MANY of the actual Cast as well)... but in the end... It is what it is... & it's terrible, on every level.... but especially so regarding it's Political B.S. ____ SEVERELY DISAPPOINTED... & I WILL NEVER, EVER, SUPPORT ANY OF THE CAST OR CREW IN FUTURE ENDEAVORS BECAUSE OF THIS \\"MOVIE\\".... so I hope the cast especially, truly believes the B.S. they just represented, otherwise, they've alienated a LARGE portion of their fan-base.  (But hey, they probably don't care... cause we're all just dummies & they know better... and we should just listen to & do/believe, everything they say, because they're \\"famous\\" &/or \\"compassionate\\" Progressives who only have \\"our\\" best interest at heart. cough, cough... RIGHT... NO THANK YOU!)
B0012GVKW8|5.0|This review is for the \\"grainy\\" release of Predator on blu-ray.  It looks great to me.  Yes the grain is quite noticeable on the studio's logo at the beginning of the film and in some night scenes, yet the movie is outstanding.  No regrets here!
B001U88814|4.0|I purchased these for my Dad.    They are very well made and he loves them.    Only thing I have to say is that the manufaturer webside says that if you wear a 1/2 size to order the lower of the two sizes because they don't come in 1/2 sizes.  I would have to dis-agree... He normally wears 10 1/2 so following the manufaturer instructions I purchased my Dad a size 10 and I should have gotten him an 11.  They fit on his foot, but is a tad too tight in length.  He didn't want me to return them, as he says they will \\"break\\" in. but I would advise not to follow the manufatuer suggestion on this.
B002PEP4SC|4.0|I love the TV show and wondered about the title Castle, which is the author's name -- different than in the book.  The characters in this novel are well-drawn and interesting.  The police procedure is just sketchy enough to be convincing.  The plot of the mystery kept me going, and I read a lot of mysteries.  This is a good one.  Try it, you'll like it.
B0034G4P7Q|4.0|It's all good, but the bonus stuff with Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is the ONLY reason I got the Blu-ray.  I don't buy Blu-rays for dramas, and this movie would mormally be no exception.
0061726826|5.0|I loved this book. I deliberately read slowly to savor every word. It needed to simmer in my brain for a while before I could write this review. I laughed at the preface of each chapter especially the sayings from the Book of Shhh, the Safety and Health and Happiness Handbook. Then I braced myself for what follows. Lena, almost 18 lives in a dystopian society where love is a sickness that must be \\"cured.\\" The disease known as amor deliria nervosa is prevented by operating on teens when they reach 18 years-old. When the book begins Lena is looking forward to the surgery although she knows she will forget about her relationships and feelings for her best friend and cousin. About three months before her surgery the unspeakable happens and Lena falls in love. His name is Alex and he is beautiful and romantic and he introduces a whole other world to Lena. Lauren Oliver has another great book (first one was BEFORE I FALL see my review) and teens will be drawn to it. The writing is wonderful and the characters are believable and likable.
143350393X|5.0|This Bible has great commentary in it and will help you get a better depth for scripture that you are reading.  If you get hung up on something or what to deepen your understanding of a text it is all right there for you.  The ESV also has seemed to be more true to the original Greek in my studies as well.  I  recommend it to everyone and actually got this as a Christmas present for family :-)
0553381407|5.0|I am a survivor of verbal, physical and incest sexual abuse who had alcoholic parents.  What an amazing book.  I should have read this book years ago, along with my current councelling this book is helping me heal my wounds.  I have no contact with my family, but this book made me see all the energy I put into the anger I feel towards them.  I am learning to let go.    The Letters I have written have helped me shift that anger out and back to where it belongs.    I continue to heal, but thank you for writing such a wonderful book, validating my feelings and experiences, and helping me take charge of my life.
0385341679|2.0|Shadowfever was really too long (600 pages) that seemed to constantly repeat the same facts from previous books in the series. This book would have been about 250 pages without the repetitiveness. Overall, I didn't care for this novel. I found it boring and couldn't wait until it finally said \\"THE END\\".
0142410373|4.0|Matilda  By: Roald Dahl  Matilda's dream is to live with her lovely teacher called Miss Honey, that's because her parents hate her. Probably if you had bad parents you will also want to live with your teacher. This is a story with lots of miracles in it. It is a fiction story but also an adventure story.  Matilda is an extraordinary child because she has power in her eyes. She can drop thing with her eyes, and write things. This child loves to read, but not the books we red when we were five. She read books for adults like some eight hundred pages or more here is a list of some of the books she has read:  * Nicholas Nickleby  * Oliver Twist  * Jane Eyre  * Pride and Prejudice  * Gone to Earth  * Kim  And more, this demonstrated that she is a very clever girl. The supporting characters are Mrs. Phelps she is the gentle librarian, Miss Honey is the lovely teacher, \\"She had a lovely pale oval madonna face with blue eyes and her hair was so slim and fragile one got the feeling that if she fell over she would smash into a thousand pieces, like a porcelain figure.\\" Finally the horrendous Trunchbull that was the Headmistress and hated children.  I liked this book because it has very funny parts. \\"Fiona has the same beauty as an iceberg, but unlike the iceberg she has absolutely nothing below the surface.\\" Also because the ending is good, \\"Matilda leapt into Miss Honey's arms and hugged her, and Miss Honey hugged her back, and the mother and the father and brother were inside the car and the car was pulling away with the tyres screaming.\\"  I also liked this book because it had a lot of descriptive words like the one of Miss Honey, describing here how she was in the external part.  I will recommend this book because you will love how Roald Dahl exaggerates the character and make them his best friends. Read it!!!!
B003EYVXUU|4.0|Let Me In comes from Matt Reeves...the Director that gave us 2008's Cloverfield? Wow...Reeves goes from a shaky camera to a steady hand at a solid film! Let Me In is the best vampire movie that I've seen in a very, very long time.<br /><br />Granted, Reeves didn't have much work to do other than transpose what was already done in Sweeden in 2008 by Director Tomas Alfredson with [[ASIN:B001MYIXAW Let the Right One In]]. Let Me In is basically a redo of the former albeit Americanized. But unless a redo is done \\"Right\\", it can easily flop. But flop Let Me In does not with some class acting by kid actors Chlo Grace Moretz and Kodi Smit-McPhee.<br /><br />And they call it...puppy love. A bullied recluse of a boy with a single parent goes gaga when a young girl moves into his neighborhood seemingly with the same reclusive traits and a single parent. But when the girl turns out to be a vampire (oh, am I really giving anything away there to anyone reading this?), does it freak him out or draw him in?<br /><br />A vampire that does not have human \\"familiars\\"--people who assist vampires by night and more importantly watch over the vampire \\"nest\\" by day--is at great risk to being hunted and killed while the sun shines. Dracula's Renfield was a familiar but not referred to as one in [[ASIN:0199564094 the novel]]. In fact, I can think only of two modern day Hollywood creations that use the term familiar, those being the excellent [[ASIN:B002HFWAYU Blade Collection]] of films and the TV series [[ASIN:B001ECQ4AS Supernatural]].<br /><br />Let Me In is a terrific tale that intertwines a love story, everyday childhood bullying, vampires and their \\"familiar\\" relationships. It's one of the most unique takes on the genre that I've ever seen; it is done with gruesomeness, grace and compassion. Move Let Me In to your Cart and add it to your collection. Great movie.
0142410314|5.0|Charlie and the chocolate factory  Charlie Bucket is a poor boy that eats cabage soup all of the days. Charlie has 2 grandpas and 2 grandmas their names are:  Grandpa Joe, Grandpa George, Grandma Josephine, grandma Georgina .one day the anouns that Wonka is opening his factory for the last time! Five lucky children are going to enter their names are:                                                                               Augustus Gloop, Veruca Salt, Violet Beauregarde, Mike Teavee and Charlie Bucket. Each room is more fascinated than the other!    All the characters are fantastic   Augustus Goloop a fat boy whose hobby is eating  Veruca Salt a spoiled girl (her mom and dad's made that)  Violet Beauregarde the chew gummer winner  Mike Teavee our T.V watcher   Charlie Bucket our hero   Grandpa Joe a tall cute grandpa  Mr. Wonka the most incredible candie maker  And      The Oompaloompas the wonderful singers  I like this book because I really love how Roald Dahl writes. I enjoy and laugh with this book. The funny thing is that Roald Dahl goes to extreme with his characters, to the extreme of bad or mean or crazy or whatever .I really tell you read this boooooooooooooooooooook
B000M3452Y|5.0|this album was recommended to me by a friend and i really liked it. its different from what i usually listen to but its fun and definitely worth checking out
1582406723|5.0|The Walking Dead graphic novel is just as exciting and captivating as the hit AMC TV series. Great characters and suspense make you yearn for more!
B0034JKZ8G|5.0|About thirty years ago , i lived in greater New Orleans (Kenner , near Jefferson Downs horse race track) and delivered food products all over the state . Simply put , i love everything about Louisiana and it's people , food , music , history , culture , cities , towns , traditions and so on . I really like films set in and around the state as well . This film is not exempt . I think time will be very kind to this wonderful film and all its various facets and participants . A beautiful picture for young and old . Not even the melting pot that is New york could be as diverse and interesting as \\"The Planet Of New Orleans\\" as Mark Knopfler might suggest in said tune .
0439023521|5.0|My students started after me about this series last year. Of course, I had it in my ever-growing pile but when I got my hands on the audiobook it became even harder for me to resist... not that I purposely was! I spend over an hour in the car a day traveling to and from work and I have found that audiobooks are a God-send!<br /><br />These books truly are \\"the next Harry Potter\\" for a multitude of reasons. I loved Katniss as a narrator and the complete view we get of her. Collins has written her so well and I felt like I was right with her throughout her journey. Stress, fatigue, emotional outbursts, loss and just plain ole confusion were felt through Katniss as she was learning to be the citizen representing her district. Many times female authors are thought to only be able to write romance (or \\"the mushy stuff\\" as my boys say), but Collins has proved them all wrong. Yes, there is a \\"love story\\" woven throughout but it is in no way mushy.<br /><br />As I was listening to Katniss' survival in the Hunger Games I was brought back to my eleventh grade English class when we read The Lord of the Flies. That book amazed me because of the raw nature of the boys and what they did to survive and Katniss reminds me of that. She did what she had to do to survive and surprised herself most of all throughout her trials and tribulations. I am glad that I don't have to wait for Catching Fire or even Mockingjay because I have them both on my shelf and on audiobook.<br /><br />For those of you wondering... I am TEAM PEETA all the way!
6305510016|5.0|it was awsome movie so romantic it reminds me of my charlie and I we have so much love for each other
B003OFHMKO|2.0|I have Esperanza Spalding's debut album and it is wonderful.  She's a VERY talented musician, bass player, and singer. I was really looking forward to Spalding developing modern jazz for years to come and I still have hope.  However, while there is a lot of interesting and complex composition and playing on Chamber Music, this particular CD struck me as that \\"experimental\\" album that many newly-minted, successful musicians feel compelled to record. It struck me as a forced attempt to blend elements of Classical discord with elements of Jazz improvisation. Like Miles Davis said regarding Ornette Coleman - \\"you've got to have some melody.\\"      There's very little here, musically, other than escoteric, intelletual experimentation and musically, she is brilliant. Such experimentation is vital to creating compelling beautiful music.  However, as with any finished product, the mark of a great artist is the judgment to know what should be left on the floor.  Much of what should have been left on the floor was recorded.  I wish her well and hope she's gotten the experimental itch out of her system.  Regarding her Grammy Nominee, yes, I hope she beats Justin Beiber - this CD is far superior to anything Justin Beiber's hair and mixers can put out, but that ain't sayin' much. On this CD, the emporer has no clothes.
0316098337|1.0|It has been years since I picked up a book and didn't finish it, even if I didn't care for it. This was one of the worst books I have ever tried to read. The writing was sophmoric and ridiculous. Even if a child was stuck in a room growing up as I suppose this one was (I didn't get that far) I seriously doubt that he would think of inanimate objects as something he would call by name, such as \\"door\\". or \\"Melty Spoon\\". I'll give you one sentence as an example,\\"Wardrobe is wood, so I have to push the pins in extra hard\\". Like I said, I didn't read the entire book. It was just too ridiculous.
B0000C5RQF|4.0|This was actually a gift and they tell me it's amazing but the only problem is the english subs are rather badly done.
B0002Z0EYK|5.0|This movie is one of my ALL TIME FAVORITES. It actually inspired the names of 2 of my pets. Achilles and Apollo. In this movie Achilles actually chops off the statue of Apollo's head... but..yeah. I LOVE action and ESPECIALLY Greek war movies. Brad Pitt plays a demi-god in this movie! When I heard he was 40!!! When he filmed this I FREAKED out! HOTTIE!! He is shirtless for like half of the movie!! =) Just another reason to love it! Yeah well, its really a good movie for teenage girls (Brad Pitt) and teenage guys (all the fighting). Once again one of my favorites!! Zombieland is tied with this one!!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|When I first picked up this book I thought it was going to be so boring.... Turns out I couldnt stop reading... Peeta and Katniss were the best chracters ever... I have one piece of advice.... GET THE BOOK!!!!!
B000006SGT|3.0|The music is exactly what you expect and I give it high marks. The physical disc only plays in some of my CD players, all of which work with all of my other discs. For this, I am only giving three stars.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|Hunger Games is a fun easy read, definitely a page turner.  I am interested to see how the characters will evolve in the next segment of the trilogy.
0446195529|5.0|Although the actual Camel Club was not involved as to the degree it usually is, I thought this book was one that kept my attention the entire way through it.  I usually take four or five days to read a book, but I finished this in one day because I just couldn't put it down.  The plot was full of twists and turns, which I thought is what everyone wanted, but apparently people don't like to use their brain.  Also, to rate a book only one star because of the e reader prices dictated by the publisher and not the author, doesn't make any sense to me.  I hope that the author continues to write books for the Camel Club, because I for one will continue to read them.  As a side note, I also believe that the publisher's are going to kill the golden goose by overcharging for e books, when anyone can buy a hardbook copy at Costco or BJ's for only a dollar more.  Or like someone said, wait until the book has been around for awhile and you can order a used copy on line for $.99, plus $3.99 postage.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This dvd is not to bad for a quick work out at home. The combo of strength training, cardio and abs in a 20 min workout does maximize your results. There are 3 workouts all different levels which is nice. The intro into this dvd is annoying because it is long and you can't skip it to get to the menu - for long term use this gets old. The work outs are pretty good. THe abs could be more challenging and she could mix up the cardio a bit more. The only downside to this workout is that she does not focus on form all that much. Not the best for beginners because some of the moves are more advanced and she doesn't take the time to teach it that great. For someone who works out often this video should be challenging for you.
0894803123|5.0|I bought myself another ice cream book based on reviews. Meanwhile, my husband bought this book for me, as a surprise. This book is soooooo much better. I didn't buy it for myself, mostly because of a couple of iffy reviews. But, I prefer this one over the other book I purchased.     Cherry Garcia is pretty close to the one that we all know and love. But . . . there are subtle differences. Ben's Chocolate is super yummy, especially paired with peanut butter cups.     Big Hit!
B0000048V8|5.0|This item was sent to New York city and was received satisfactorily even though it was a christmas time rush. I'm happy.I sent it to my grandson because I beleive it's a classic in it's field. The graphic work is very imaginative and the backgound music heightens the imagery.
B000C20VPA|2.0|This film marks the beginning of Scorsese's decline as a filmmaker. While there are some fine moments (mainly in the scenes in which DeNiro is called upon to smolder with rage), this film feels too much like a cash-in on the wild popularity of Goodfellas. Here are just a few of the annoying things about this film that led me to the conclusion that it is highly overrated here.    1) The soundtrack. We get treated to generous helpings of Marty's favorite Stones songs and deep cuts from the 70s, but this is the film in which it begins to distract from the narrative instead of supporting it. As the film moves into the 1980s, suddenly Las Vegas casinos are groovin' to the sound of Devo. But wait... is that the music playing in the casino, or just the soundtrack music for the film? By the time the 80's rolled around I no longer cared.    2a) The main casting. Joe Pesci as a tough guy again? And in a ratty looking wig again? Am I watching a Saturday Night Live skit? I thought I was, in the scene in which Pesci hits a man who is over 6 feet tall on the head with a payphone receiver. Pesci is a fine actor, but he plays one character. Joe Pesci. Then there's Sharon Stone, who does a fine job of throwing tantrums and acting drunk and drugged, but that's the only note she can play with even a shred of believability.    2b) The secondary casting. The endless, gratuitous quirky celebrity appearances. Don Rickles, Joe Bob Briggs, Alan King, and so on. Scorsese is so busy winking at the hipster viewer from behind the camera lens, figuratively speaking, that neither he nor the viewer can stay focused on what should matter most, which is the telling of a coherent and believable narrative.       3) The ending. The long, slow decline of an ending that can be seen coming from miles away. The \\"everything goes haywire, everyone goes nuts, everything gets blowed up real good\\" ending, where have I seen it before? Oh that's right, Goodfellas. Yes, it's far more believable than a typical phony Hollywood happy ending might be, but you've done it before, Marty.    I'm a big fan of most of Scorsese's work that preceded this film, and some of what followed. But I think this is the point in his career where the director should have begun to consider semi-retirement, instead of stepping on the gas and going for quantity over quality in the twilight years of his filmmaking life.
B0033B5XCS|5.0|A must for all Nightmare on Elm Street fans.  These are all the movies in one package at a great price.
B003FNWR6Y|5.0|Our kids love this and we love it too. Traditional monopoly game but with your favorite Nintendo characters. Pieces seem well made. No complaints here!
B004DK49DW|5.0|I listened to this cd five times and it grows on me when I am not listening to it.   Mike Ness has been able to tell stories and tell of experiences that always seem to strike close to home and he has done it again.  He has continued to grow as an artist, but he takes his sweet ol time putting out music.  Mike... can you try to go back in the studio in less than eight years?  How about one year?  I guess we were spoiled when both solo albums came out in a single year.      The great thing with Ness and Social Distortion is that it is timeless in that he draws from a rich musical history and tells the human story. California (Hustle and Flow), Gimme the Sweet Lowdown, Diamond in the Rough, Alone and Forsaken, Writing on the Wall and Still Alive are standouts that stay with you long after turning off the music.     I purchased the bonus tunes and they really should have been on the album or an extended album should have been offered for fans to purchase. They are phenomenal.
1423121708|4.0|I just read the first book in Rick Riordan's epic series; \\"Percy Jackson and the Olympians.\\"  Although the book was geared towards a younger crowd, I really enjoyed it. It was easy and quick to read, but still entertaining.    This book belongs in the fantasy genre and draws heavily on Greek mythology.In Percy Jackson's world Gods and Goddesses are real, and still rule the world. Occasionally these deities take up with humans and produce children. These 'half-bloods' are in danger from mythical monsters and beasts and can find refuge at Camp Half-Blood.  Percy Jackson is one such half-blood who makes his way to the camp. While there he is given a quest; if he fails it could very well mean the end of civilization as we know it.    This book is very appropriate for late-elementary/middle school age kids all the way through adulthood.  There is a small amount of violence, but it isn't excessive or detailed. However, there is a scene that occurs in the Underworld that may prompt questions from children regarding the afterlife, so be prepared for that possibility.    This book was well written and entertaining. It didn't draw me in quite as much as the 'Harry Potter' series does, but is a fun read nonetheless.    [...]
B003WFKJRE|5.0|There is now a plethora of recordings of the Ring Cycle, all of them 'live', from the 1950s: Krauss, Kempe, Keilberth and Knappertsbusch to name a few.  And , of course, it was towards the end of that decade that John Culshaw and Georg Solti changed the rules of the game by starting to record the complete Ring in the studio, after EMI had failed to complete a Furtwangler studio Cycle.  Many of the 'live' recordings feature the same artists, with Hotter, Neidlinger, Greindl, Nilsson, Varnay, Vinay, Uhde, Windgassen et al turning up in any combination in any one of the sets.  And then there is the stereo recording of the Keilberth Ring to top them all - or does it?  Of all the recordings from that era and of all the versions of this Krauss cycle that are currently in the catalogue, the Orfeo set is far and away the best recorded of what is, in the final analysis, the best set of them all.  The cast is more or less faultless, the orchestra the same, and Krauss has complete command of the entire work as no other.  The Bayreuth authorities have sanctioned this remastering of the Bavarian Radio tapes and very fine the finished product is - superior to all others, in terms of sound, except the Keilberth stereo version.  To get anywhere near the quality of this 'live' Bayreuth recording, one should go to the Bohm set from more than a decade later - and for many that is still the first choice among all the Ring Cycle recordings.  But this Orfeo issue will not disappoint.
1936041847|3.0|Anyone looking to purchase the Meditations of Marcus Aurelius most likely wants a nice, tangible edition to add to their collection.  I say this because you can access his Meditations, for free (and legally of course) on a variety of educational websites.  With that said, the publication itself is very plain Jane.  The formatting leaves MUCH to be desired.  My main complaint is that the words flow quite deep into the binding where the outer margin would have had plenty of room.  Whoever designed this for S&B Publishing did a very poor job.  Especially considering the book (new) costs 8.50+ shipping.  Simply put, it's not worth the money.      My recommendation?  Look for another edition.
031603438X|4.0|One can review the book as a literary product but for an autobiography, one has to include the author as part of the review.  Critically important is the question: is the author honest with himself and with his readers?  For a similar treatment and some similar weaknesses, look at George W. Bush's book \\"Decision Points.\\"  Both have some lapses in this area - Richards with drugs and personal relationships - Bush with alcohol and some of his politics.<br /><br />As a book, I admit I enjoyed it greatly and for most of the many pages, found it difficult to put down.  There were a few slow spots, as in real life, and one chapter looked like a reprinted collection of quips and tall tales.  I'm no celebrity hound nor a fan boy and haven't followed the Rolling Stones beyond enjoying their bigger hits so gossip is not something I relish.  There are some great lines and amusing situations in the book.<br /><br />But as a person, Keith Richards comes across in the book as a man I would avoid, even exclude, in my life even now.  I've known a few junkies in my younger years and he shares many of the typical character flaws. Add in the typical musician's self-centeredness, hunger for attention, and lack of impulse control, and you've got a person I don't trust. (Not that all musicians are like that, certainly!)  Worst, he's a Saggitarius and an only child! The folks were right - this guy was and remains a bad influence.  People can't live like that nor can society tolerate it if they could.<br /><br />For example, later in his career, he and a buddy go into a bar with a DJ.  When the DJ persists in playing Rolling Stones hits, Richards flashes a knife at the DJ!  His retelling of his frequent run-ins with the Law over his terrible drug habits is supposed to draw our sympathy - or disgust us with what special \\"justice\\" can be bought with money and fame?  Even few libertarians advocate legal heroin.<br /><br />His greatest strength is his dedication to his craft. The book is at its best describing his playing and his musical influences.  He has worked hard at being the best guitar player and song-writer he could be and he has certainly excelled.  People with some guitar or general musical knowledge might really appreciate these sections.<br /><br />Of course there are moments of true revelation in the book but Keith Richards' life remains a moral morass.  Many will get off on vicariously living as a rascal who survived and prospered in spite of a severely faulted character. But that is a temptation I suggest we all avoid.<br /><br />However, I will allow myself some Anita Pallenberg fantasies.his musical influences.  He has worked hard at being the best guitar player and song-writer he could be and he has certainly excelled.  People with some guitar or general musical knowledge might really appreciate these sections.    Of course there are moments of true revelation in the book but Keith Richards' life remains a moral morass.  Many will get off on vicariously living as a rascal who survived and prospered in spite of a severely faulted character. But that is a temptation I suggest we all avoid.      However, I will allow myself some Anita Pallenberg fantasies.
B0010X8NF0|3.0|The movie has a disjointed narrative. In parts when the narrative seems continuous, the point of the story is unclear. It could have a special appeal for those who romanticize long train journeys (like The Palace on Wheels?).<br /><br />There is nothing in it for an Indian living in India. But, it gives good glimpses of the country to those foreigners who are visiting.<br /><br />Wonder why the name of the movie, when there are no scenes of Darjeeling or the journey to it? The train seems to travel through the desert of Rajasthan. At least, it is in a village there that Irfan Khan makes a brief but satisfying appearance.<br /><br />This is a must see for foreigners traveling to India for the first time, as it zeroes on several aspects of the daily life in its train stations, bazaars, temples, village and so on.
B003YWUTJI|5.0|I found this while traveling in Ohio at a coffee shop. Norah Jones has her own style, one that I love enough to look for any music she creates. So her name sold the CD right away. What I found amazing about this album is how she can make even music styles I'm not so enamored with (I always think of baying beagles when I hear Willie Nelson--sorry can't help it) that seductive. So I enjoyed her duet with Willie again and again too.  This is a side of Norah Jones I'd never experienced. It seems she can do anything musical and make it work. Such awesome talent must have come from a lot of hard work. This CD with colleagues is a real prize.
1416583432|3.0|I bought this book with the express expectation of loving it.  What I got instead was a boring, horribly uninteresting look at the behavior of dogs.  This subject, which surprisingly has never been explored this deep would have been a much more interesting read had the writer not been locked into her own world.  She doesn't really bother relating the subject to the average reader, but more so to the reader with a PhD in doggie.. or psychology.<br /><br />I find the interaction between dogs and other dogs to be somewhat fascinating and wanted to know more.  From a dog lovers perspective, perhaps a different way of looking at dogs instead of the \\"pack mentality\\" or \\"I'm dominant, here, let me show you.\\"  Nope.. sorry, I couldn't even finish the book.. it just didn't hold my interest.<br /><br />Me and the dogs are taking a nap on the bed instead.  Maybe I was just spoiled by \\"The Art of Racing In The Rain\\".  Reading a book in third person from the mind of a dog was much more interesting.
0788859544|5.0|I first saw this movie in 2007, I've only heard about this from my cousins who lived in the US for a long time and now that I've seen it. I understood why it was so good. I've always loved Disney movies and this is my number one movie that I love. Its a classic story that everyone lovea to tell about, and that is about mermaid. A mermaid in love with a human and wanting to be a part of his world, and the sacrifices she has to make to get the love of her life. Its both heart warming and does truly touch you. Disney cracked the code and truly made it there own story. They've presented it in a way that truly is heart warming and worth watching. The princess in this film \\"Ariel\\" is truly one of the most unique princesses that we've seen and is truly special.   One of the best things about this movie is the songs. Howard Ashman truly put all his heart in producing the music in this movie and it has some of the most memorable music that can never be forgotten like the music \\"Part of your world\\" which is truly is beautiful, and for some people it can relate to others in human life, another like \\"kiss the girl\\" is also a favorite. But the movie is also about a father and daughter relationship as well. It is a movie that made me realize how special daughters can be, and when they get married, how much love and pain it takes to give your daughter away; it has that kind of warmth as well.  As an adult with times things have changed, and with the way stories these days are made or told; stories like these are being made irrelevant in our kids lives which is not fair. It is a classic that shouldn't be forgotten and be shown to our kids again   However there are some downside to this movie. With todays animation, it feels outdated and you can't blame them because it was made in the late 80's, but the Disney crew has done a great job at restoring the film's color. Another downside is that with the kids these days, it is more suited towards older kids, kids younger than 10 won't seem to enjoy it because kids want something spontaneous and funny, not a love story, Sadly! Kids won't be patient enough to watch and understand these movies. Also, one of the biggest controversy that people have made about this movie is about Ariel being 16 years old in this move. For me that is not a problem but todays parents won't want to influence there kids to run off at the age of 16 looking for there prince charming. To me this point is understandable but because it was made in the 80's and in the 80's there were kids that got married at that age, heck even my mother was 16 when she got married to my father and they've been happily married for 29 years, so you can't exactly blame them for not presenting something that isn't with the current times; but that is one issue that parents have made towards this,. But for me it is still something I love to watch with my daughter and she loves it as well because Ariel has also been shown as someone who seeks her dream, and wants to dream as well.   The story is greatly told and I don't think there would be anyone out there who would have told it better than this. It is a classic that must never be forgotten, and a must have item for a fan of Disney, and its great classics. Its a great family movie and a must have item.
0811875555|5.0|I own almost all of the The Art of (insert animated feature) titles, and this is one of the very best. My main interest in these art books are the character and background sketches and visual treatments, storyboards and insight into the decision-making and creative process. I'm not a fan of books filled with movie stills...I can watch the movie again if I really want to see that. The Art of Tangled exceeded my expectations and what you'll find is a beautifully designed art book.<br /><br />One additional note: I have to applaud and thank Parka for uploading video reviews of most of The Art of titles. The \\"Look Inside\\" feature on Amazon many times does not reproduce images, and being able to see a video of someone flipping through the book is immensely helpful when deciding to purchase (especially an expensive out of print title). His video reviews more than once were the deciding factor in my purchase. And I have the empty wallet to show for it. :-)<br /><br />If you are a fan of The Art of titles I suggest you pick this up as soon as you can. I don't know if it is out of print already, or if there will be a 2nd printing.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|I was very hesitant at first to pick this one up at the store.<br />I had discovered the original swedish version \\"Let The Right One In\\" a few years back and really enjoyed the atmosphere and acting.<br />Now comes \\"Let Me In\\" the american version of the same story.<br />It's a very good adaption that really stays true to the original story without really messing it up.<br /><br />It's really hard to choose my favorite one over the other because both are good.
B003NHRIVQ|2.0|Mark my words- the *only* reason people are talking about the Last Song is because the main character is Miley Cyrus.     Obviously this film was made with the intention of finding out whether her acting skills can stand in the same league as her successful music career, and the answer is... yes, her acting performance is pretty good for the most part. She's convincing whenever she's upset with her father, and her stubbornness to accept a guy who constantly tries hitting on her is strikingly good too.     It's the fact she stars in a movie with bland, predictable, mediocre writing that makes the Last Song lose serious points in a hurry.     Folks, this storyline is *horrible*. You will know exactly what's coming, and when it's coming. Miley's character goes to visit her father (along with her younger brother) and right away it's obvious she doesn't get along with her father, so she goes out and makes friends that eventually end up ditching her, and she even develops feelings for a guy after a long-winded and predictably written chunk of the storyline goes by, and well, that's pretty much it. Totally bland writing the entire way through.  You will be able to properly guess each segment of storytelling.    I highly recommend avoiding the Last Song. An obvious attempt to make some money because the lead actress is a popular music singer. The worst part is that the film hardly takes advantage of her singing. That's how we know the Last Song was an obvious test to see whether she'd make it in Hollywood. Please, writers, next time give Miley a storyline that's actually compelling.
B00006J3WH|5.0|i got this cd about a month ago it was in great condition i listen to it every day if you know any musical and or buffy lovers this is the perfect gift
B0034G4OVS|5.0|Frozen is a surprisingly exciting suspense about three teenagers who insist on taking just *one more* trip across the ski lifts.  Of course on this final occasion, it's growing increasingly dark and windy outside as a snowstorm is about to move in, but the teens ignore the obvious dangers and take the trip anyway... and what happens, rather predictably, is that they are totally screwed and become stuck.    The storyline really had me totally glued to the TV screen.  Of course a question you're probably asking yourself \\"How can you base an entire plot around three people being stuck on a ski lift?\\"  Well, before the movie came on, I asked myself the same question.  Oh trust me faithful readers, I DID ask myself the same thing!  The answer?  By dragging out a few scenes for an extended period of time, such as when they sit and discuss childhood school memories and whatnot.  These segments take up quite a bit of time, though never enough to make me lose interest in what's taking place, however.    Some segments seemed totally unbelievable to me.  Would the wolves really catch up to the location so soon?  And would they attack when there's three people in distance?  The answer is...  I don't know.  I don't know enough about wolves to really confirm that one.  From an animals point of view, you'd think three people being around would send off a signal to back off and leave everybody alone, but I can't really say for sure that's entirely accurate.    I have to say the best performance goes to the teenage girl who's always feeling worried, concerned, and regretful.  The other two boys were kind of acting like total clueless idiots the whole time.    What in the HECK happened to the guy controlling the ski lifts?  Did he just completely forget about the teens?  Instead of making certain nobody was riding on the lifts, apparently he forgot all about them and instead turns his focus on another completely different segment.  Weird!    Overall, for a great piece of gripping suspense, perhaps Frozen borders on the cheesy side because the ski lift really isn't THAT high off the ground, but who knows- I've never actually been on a ski lift myself so perhaps there is quite a bit of danger.  Er... this isn't what I originally intended to say.    Oh right, for a gripping slice of potentially-fictional suspense, you really can't go wrong with Frozen.  And how appropriate I'm writing a review for this movie RIGHT in the middle of a severe icestorm in southeast Pennsylvania (where I live).  The odds of that are... hard to believe, haha.
6305090564|5.0|Deep Rising was a great movie. It had alot of action and kept you on the edge of your seat not knowing what was going to happen next. A cruise ship that stops mysterously and the passengers all vanishing makes for a great horror movie. Definitely one to add to the collection.
0736092269|5.0|My son has been going to the gym, and has been coming home with pulled muscles, aches etc.  After reading this book, which is so detailed, pictures too, he has been having a better understanding of his body, muscles, and what movements affect what parts. No more injuries!  I wholeheartedly recommend this book to anyone who is working out.
B00005JKZV|5.0|I loved the Lord of the Rings set. The Two Towers was my favorite because it had the most action and seemly the best special effects.
B000EGDB10|4.0|If you're looking for the perfect 'brain-candy' movie, this is it.  A thrill-ride from start to finish, with Tom Cruise well-cast as Ethan, the key player on the MI team (aside from Jon Voight).  The cast is quite strong, and I only wish Reno had more lines (he's a great actor).  No, there is very little logic and you have to suspend disbelief most of the time, but if you're willing to accept everything on the screen as plausible (including the ridiculous finale on the train/helicopter), you're really in for a treat.<br /><br />My only major complaint is the female lead (Beart) -- she is the only case of miscasting here.  Yes, she's extremely attractive and an experienced actor, but her perpetual pout and vulnerability take away from the toughness and grit that the character 'should' have.  But I digress...<br /><br />Regarding other DVD features, not much to speak of -- depending on the version you buy.  The special collector's edition contains some additional scenes and shorts, but nothing to really warrant a higher price.<br /><br />All-in-all, a great movie-going experience.  Cruise at his cocky best.
B0042U94UQ|2.0|Mostly sight gags that got a few giggles.  The story wasn't very engaging.  My daughter got bored and didn't want to watch the whole movie.  First time that has ever happened.  Skip this one.
1400052173|4.0|Rebecca Skloot tells the story of the family of Henrietta Lacks whose cancer cells were the first human cells to be grown and reproduced in a culture medium.  The Lacks family is terribly poor partly as a result of segregation and discrimination against African Americans. However, their poverty is partly a result of their own conduct.  Henrietta had her first child at 14 by her first cousin.  She and her husband were an attractive couple.  The family has much white blood as well.  There was a great deal of inbreeding.  As a result many of them suffered a genetic hearing loss and mental illness.  They did not appear particularly bright.  Henrietta knew something was wrong when she first felt a \\"knot\\" on her cervix.  Still she got pregnant again with Zakariya.  By the time she sought medical treatment the lump had really grown.  While she received the standard treatment for the age from John's Hopkins, her pain and discomfort were not treated as agressively as the pain and discomfort experienced by white patients.  Her caretakers were often flippant about her pain.  While she had a surgical proceedure to pack her cervix with radium bars, the doctor took a sample of her tumor and sent part of the tissue to a Hopkins researcher, Dr. Gey, who was trying to culture human cells. Henrietta paid nothing for her medical care.  Dr. Gey was wildly successful with her cells and dubbed them Hela cells.  He sent them gratis to any researcher who asked for them.  He did not patent his discovery or any of the lab equipment he invented that is still used today.  Money was unimportant to Dr. Gey, and he often used his own money to fund research equipment and supplies to the detriment of his family.  His family lived in a  modest house with a modest life style.  The cells had no value until Dr. Gey and his assisstant grew them.  All their value came from their efforts.    Deborah, who was Henrietta's daughter was Skloot's source for much of the background information.  She was an unpredictable demanding woman who had a hard life.  Her mother, Henrietta, died when she was a little more than a year old.  Her brother Zakiariya was an infant. Their father, David, in need of a wife married a woman who badly abused Henrietta's children.  She kept Zakariya chained to a post in the basement.  He was so damaged that he could not function in society.  He was in and out of jails, on disability, and living in subsidized housing.  The author appears to make the case that Henrietta's family should have been compensated, because many of the discoveries that arose from culturing the Lacks' cells made researchers and pharmeceutical companies rich.  I don't agree with her tone.  These cells had no value until some experts' efforts gave them value. I have had many pieces of tissue removed, and I neither expected nor received any compensation.  Jonas Salk used the Hela cells to develop the Salk vaccine.  He never patented it nor made money from it.  He did it for the good of mankind and for the pure science of it.  Should the Lacks family receive some of the money made by drug companies who produced it or still do?    One must ask oneself: If the Lacks family were white and wealthy, would you want them to be paid for their cells?  For society to work properly, the law must be the same for rich & poor, sophisticated & naive, etc.  While I may believe that there should be a change in the law, the law must be equally applied.  Today one cannot sell body parts which includes blood and tissue.  Mr. Moore who discovered that his cells were being used to enrich his physican, sued in the U.S. courts for part of the profits created by the doctor's research.  The court said \\"...if you give a person property rights in their tissues, it would slow down research because people might withhold access for money....it will slow research... and ... interfere with health-care delivery.\\"  Since that is the law, it must be applied evenly.  A Mr. Slavin who was informed by his physicianabout the value of his cells did arrange to sell them before donating them.  He became rich as a result.  Whatever contract he had required him to give regular access, and he was able to profit without technically charging for his blood.    Also one must look at the law and the customs which existed at the time of harvesting.  No one was being paid for tissues and there was no evidence of commercial viability.  No law at the time of harvesting was broken.  No custom was breeched.     What is more troubling in this story is the Tuskegee syphiliss study and the epilepsy study probably perpetrated on Deborah's retarded sister, Elsie. Most people don't realize that Tuskegee is a black medical school.  So African Americans willingly perpetrated this horror on their own people.  It is true that white doctors designed the study and participated in it, but the patients came from Tuskegee's black patient population.  More upsetting was the epilepsy study perpetrated on mentally defective black people in a public hospital called Crownsville.  There they drilled holes in patients skulls, poured out all their spinal fluid and took clear films of their brain tissue. For months afterward the patients suffered severe pain, headaches, nausea etc until the body replaced the fluid.  If the reader has ever had a spinal tap where just a small amount of fluid is removed for testing, one knows about the intolerable headache pain that follows for days.  This experiment was done into the 1970's.  Those doctors and researchers should be hung by their toes.  It smacks of the Nazi medical experiments and was just monstrous.  The family should receive damage payments for that wrongful conduct.  But so should all Crownsville patients and their families who were so treated.    I personally think that if we paid people for donating their loved ones' useable organs, we would not have an organ shortage.  The amount and kind of payment would have to discourage people from killing their relatives inorder to sell their organs.  We could pay for a medium level funeral, service, or cremation for anyone who died and donated their organs.  Payment could be made directly to the funeral home, casket seller, cemetary etc.  Skloot offers a solution.  She suggests a payment scheme similar to oil royalty payments.  The payments would be geared to productivity if and when the researcher using the cells made them commercially viable.  However, the payment would have to be a very small percentage.  Usually when one sells the mineral rights to property, one has greater disturbances and inconveniences.  The surface of the property is partly occupied by a well, oil drilling equipment and workers.  There is also the chance of a destructive blowout which would make oil property uninhabitable.  But that sort of scheme with a very small percentage of the profits going to the donor would be feasible.  In oil leases the property owner usually receives 1/8 th of the earnings. A smaller percentage would be doable for tissues.    The Lacks family including Deborah bore children they could not adequately care for because of their own personal deficits as well as poverty.  The anger the Lacks family felt was because they did not receive any money while others did.  The money really didn't come until the 1970's or so when biochemical inventions became truly marketable. Because of all the inbreeding the Lacks descendants should have few children and use amniocentisis to determine the health of the fetus with an eye toward pregnancy termination if hearing loss or mental illness are genetically evident.  Deborah used her value as a source for Ms. Skloot to run her ragged over the years.  Deborah wanted respect and control which she never had. Ms. Skloot had to jump through many hoops to get the story from Zakeriya, Gary and others. Deborah was unpredictable and demanding. She wanted to be paid for her information from time to time.  Ms. Skloot had no money to pay her because she was financing her research herself.  Deborah died before the book was published. Still I believe that those enriched by the Hela cells should pay for a monument to mark Henrietta's grave.
B001CTDH4Y|5.0|I have to admit, I love chihuahuas before the film came out.  And they are not bad little dogs, for the fact that I have a female speckled chihuahua.  You truly have to be a dog lover to enjoy the aspects of this movie, and realize that dogs have emotions that we as humans often overlook, and misjudge. Although I to say that the only thing that the movie could do without is the popping of puppies at the end because there are so many dogs out there without homes, and puppy mills are filled with chihuahua puppies.  Yet, now the ending makes sense because the new BHC 2 movie, Chloe and Papi have five little babies.<br /><br />Also, my chi loves to watch this with me, because she loves seeing her kind on the screen.<br /><br />Do not get any kind of creature unless you are prepared to take care of a child.
0525421580|5.0|This book became my Christmas present and I loved it so much that I read it in 3 days, tops. I think if you've dealt with being an outcast, dealing with depression at a young age(or even at an older age), or friend issues then you probably will really like this book. It makes the characters much more relate-able so you want to continue reading to find out the outcome of the character's situation. Like a review previously said, the story goes from one Will Grayson to the other Will Grayson in alternating chapters. The well written chapter is the straight Will Grayson and the \\"poorly\\" written chapter is the gay Will Grayson. One of my friends believed that the entire story was just in the straight Will Grayson's POV but that every alternating chapter he was having some mood swings or something so she didn't understand much of the book(but she still enjoyed it).     All in all, I HIGHLY recommend this book especially if you're a teenager, which I'm not but I definitely would have liked this especially if I were in my teenage years.
B000ICL3KG|1.0|I think now that most people realize that this movie was a joke.    Al Gore and his cast of characters did not tell the truth in many areas and much was made up of...just made up stuff.    ------    Al Gore's award-winning climate change documentary was littered with nine inconvenient untruths, a judge ruled yesterday.    An Inconvenient Truth won plaudits from the environmental lobby and an Oscar from the film industry but was found wanting when it was scrutinized in the High Court in London.    Mr Justice Burton identified nine significant errors within the former presidential candidate's documentary as he assessed whether it should be shown to school children. He agreed that Mr Gore's film was \\"broadly accurate\\" in its presentation of the causes and likely effects of climate change but said that some of the claims were wrong and had arisen in \\"the context of alarmism and exaggeration\\".    In what is a rare judicial ruling on what children can see in the class-room, Mr Justice Barton was at pains to point out that the \\"apocalyptic vision\\" presented in the film was politically partisan and not an impartial analysis of the science of climate change.    \\"It is plainly, as witnessed by the fact that it received an Oscar this year for best documentary film, a powerful, dramatically presented and highly professionally produced film,\\" he said in his ruling. \\"It is built around the charismatic presence of the ex-Vice-President, Al Gore, whose crusade it now is to persuade the world of the dangers of climate change caused by global warming.    \\"It is now common ground that it is not simply a science film - although it is clear that it is based substantially on scientific research and opinion - but that it is a political film.\\"    From The Times  Lewis Smith, Environment Reporter  October 11, 2007
B001VNB54A|1.0|What a truly awful presentation.  The depths to which the left will sink (Hanks/Spielberg) are on full display in their denegration of our cherished and revered troops and veterans.  You may recall Hanks making the rounds all over TV during the release of this series, attempting to convince us the war in the pacific was a \\"war of racism\\".  What a shallow, silly, stupid man Hanks appears to now be.  Oh, and it's completely historically inaccurate...such as the embelished version of Basilone's demise.  Basilone, a recipient of the Medal of Honor, certainly deserves at the least to be portrayed accurately, or not at all.
B003Q6D2BE|4.0|RED is an excellent movie, as most other reviews will tell you.  I am mainly leaving this review to let everyone know that the special edition extras are not worth paying for.     - The deleted and extended scenes are mostly just slightly longer versions of what is already in the movie and are not very interesting or funny.     - The trivia track is a major let down.  Instead of fun behind the scenes trivia about the movie, you get some random facts that are remotely related to what is going on onscreen.  It's almost like at the last minute they decided they needed a trivia track and so they had some high school kid grab words from the movie and google them.  Seriously, here's one of the first ones -\\" the color red supposedly makes people hungry.\\"  Very lame.    - There is a section that interviews some of the talent, but they pretty much just gush about how great it was to work with the other cast members.  There is no cool info about how they filmed anything or where, or how any of the special effects were done.      - The inside the CIA feature is also very basic last minute stuff.  They detail several things from leaked CIA documents.      The bottom line is that the movie is excellent and worth buying, but the extras are very poorly conceived and executed.   Either they forgot about extras until the last minute and decided they could get a few more dollars by adding some or they are planning on coming out with a super special edition that actually has some decent content.  Save your money and skip the special edition.
B002NT3B52|2.0|I was really disappointed in this book.  The author seem to go on and on.  Giving to much information about other animals.  I really didn't learn anything new.
1558216847|1.0|The book is fiction not fact. In 2006, BBC released a report based on former Soviet records, including statements allegedly written by Rawicz himself, showing that Rawicz had been released as part of the 1942 general amnesty of Poles in the USSR and subsequently transported across the Caspian Sea to a refugee camp in Iran and that his escape to India never occurred.
1402726899|3.0|I bought this book because it allows for practice through all three trimesters of pregnancy. I am an experienced yoga practitioner so I figured it would be fine. However, the Iyengar style of yoga uses so many props and stuff that I can't do many of the poses in this book. It basically was a waste of my money - simply from a props perspective. However, if you are a practitioner of Iyengar Yoga, you will love it. The pictures are beautiful and it has good routines, I just wish I could apply it to my own yoga practice.
B0000012Y1|2.0|The entire cast, chorus, orchestra and conductor on this great recording is fine except for Gwyneth Jones.  In from 1968 to 1971 she managed to convert herself from a wonderful lyric-spinto soprano into a brutally horrible dramatic soprano...a model which seems to carried on by the present crop (i.e. Gasteen and Watson).  I don't care how loud she was or how great some think her acting was.  Hell, the only time she could act was when she wasn't singing.  Take a look at her face when she sings.  She looks like her eyes were about to pop out her head and a body appeared to be under great strain and tension...a sure sign of faulty vocal technique.  To me, she was just a loud, wobbly ugly voice with no redeeming musical qualities.  How she managed to sustain a career for so long.  Why did companies hire her?  What on earth and heaven did they LIKE about her.  I've seen her interviewed and she was obviously an intelligent woman who understood the roles better than most,but who cares, when she sounded like THAT.  I've always avoided her like a fatal disease.  I'd never spend the gas or time required for ANY performance of hers.  She should have been paying the audience for submitting to the torturous ordeal.  I only keep some recordings of hers to around to trace her rapid decline and to demonstrate all of the above.  Heavens to Betsy, does she SUCK!!!
0385732554|2.0|I had high expectations for this book, because Lois Lowry's Number the Stars was phenomenal, but these expectations were just not met. Jonas is an interesting enough character, and the giver/receiver concept of inheriting memories is interesting, but the ending of the book fizzled out, and I was very disappointed.
0790737345|5.0|Interesting concept  A very stunning and emotional beginning  A different retelling of the \\"gift of the Magi\\" concept, Cage's character becomes human only to loose what he wanted to be human for.
0790737345|1.0|dvd was in good condition, arrived quickly.    subject matter not what expected.  was to be gifted - most inappropriate.   My angels do not act that way.  Was eager for it to end.  Needed better subject description  Was only going to get just $2 back after all the deductions.  Would have loved to been able to swap for another. I said  I'll donate it.    Never have had a problem before & will be certain we do not again.  Thank u,  Marion G
B0042U94UQ|4.0|Pretty funny for kids w/ some adult humor mixed in. Not as funny as other cartoon movies or it would have gotten 5 * s . Oh well, still good but a tad predictable. Cool characters
0060005688|5.0|I really liked this book, finished it in less than three days   It is well written and the research presented seems profund. The conclusions of the author seem reasonable and the book offers good advice.
B0015DROBO|1.0|I can't believe I paid money for yet another highly reviewed piece of contempo-trash.  Yeah, it was suspenseful, descriptive and slow moving - with some trash and smut scattered about and then I hit the kicker.... I will not be finishing this piece of trash and I will not be reading the others.  What a disappointment.  I'll go back to the classics - many of which are FREE.
B003UESJH4|5.0|I am not going to bore you with a lot of needless words.  This movie is superb with outstanding acting in all roles.  Colin Firth is wonderful in his performance to the point you can see the emotions he goes through in his eyes.  I can't think of anyone who would not appreciate this wonderful movie and performances. Please do not miss this.  It was wonderful to watch a movie without crash, bang, boom and sex.  This appeals to those who have intelligence and may educate those who don't.
B00416D7A4|4.0|Love the skins RY 400. I find them more comfortable then the skins sport-- which I have been using for a few months now. I do find the compression to be tight, but not as tight as my 2xu elite.  Both tights fit me well, however I feel that the skins are more comfortable to wear-- which means I can, and do wear them longer and more often then the 2xu.     Both tights are good and do what they are designed for. I highly recommend the Skins.
B003EY7IRC|5.0|So, I've read the negative reviews.... and I was really shocked!  This was the final installment to a pretty long series, if you hated it so much why would you keep reading it?  I LOVED THIS BOOK!  The only thing I would change about this series is for all the huge surprises that were in this book- to be spread out a little more evenly over the series.  However, it was an amazing ending to an amazing series.  I can't even begin to tell you how much I enjoyed it! Yes, there were a few things left hanging- but I like when authors leave a little bit unsaid, it lets the reader use their imagination too!  I also like that through atleast half of the book you are totally convienced of a few things that turn out not to be true in the end.  I like being surprised and I like the shock of finding out that even though you didn't want something to be true, you finally accepted it, and then you find out it isn't true!  Woohoo!  I can't say enough about this book.  Well done Ms. Moning!
B003XCVQ3C|5.0|This adapter works great i would highly recommend this to anyone however the displayport on my mac does not support sound!
B000HWZ4CA|1.0|defective DVD, portions cannot be seen and skipped. I lost the receipt and  do not know how or if I  can get a replacement. I don't know if I will purchase from Amazon again and risk another defective DVD
B004E547D8|1.0|I love all the actors/actresses in this movie, but it disappointed.  If the movie was a little more in depth and had more acting it would have been alright.  The characters look like they are just talking not acting.  I dont do movie reviews unless it was awesome or terrible.  Well this one was pretty darn bad.  Glad I didnt waste a bunch of money on it.
B004FEFZU2|4.0|Saw VII/Saw 3D/Saw The final Chapter.....Whatever name it goes by is an 'alright' movie. I've always enjoyed (since pt. IV) how they bring Jigsaw back into the film. And of course they don't fail in that in this one. And each film has that 'gotcha' moment, that 'aha factor'. This one comes at the very beginning of the film as a character not seen since the 1st film makes a return appearance. It seems like everyone else has mentioned who this is, but I won't for those who like to keep secrets. But once this person returns you realize who has really been masterminding things from behind the scenes so to speak. You realize who has been Jigsaw's right hand man this whole time. And it isn't Det. Hoffman. And a lot of people (myself included) would say that pt. VI was a good/great ending to the series, and it was, or would have been. But this one serves as a great end-game as well. All the players are dispatched, or, if not, you know where they stand. And c'mon, the giant roasting pig is a classic.<br />Oh one more thing, for those who bought this just 'cause it's in 3D....what are ya, dumb or something. You bitch about the film b/c the 3D sucks? Lame. Very lame. Judge the film, not the crappy technology that's not even up to par yet. If you want 3D go see it in the theatre. Don't try to be the cool guy who bought the 1st generation 3D set up, only to complain about how bad it sucks. Of course it sucks. It's 3D AT HOME! Morons. Yer the guy that still has the 50 lb., top loading VCR hooked up because it's \\"so retro it's cool again\\". No it's not dude. No it's not.
B0007XT87G|5.0|Deadwing is another fantastic album from Steven Wilson.  Everything this guy is involved with is just awesome.  He is most definitely a perfectionist when making records.  I own everything he has ever done, including all 10 studio albums and DVD's by PT, his solo album \\"Insurgentes\\", and his 2 albums with Blackfied.  Here is my top 5 favorite Steven Wilson albums:<br />1.) Voyage 34 (Porcupine Tree)<br />2.) Deadwing (Porcupine Tree)<br />3.) Insurgentes (Steven's solo album)<br />4.) Fear of a Blank Planet (Porcupine Tree)<br />5.) Blackfield II (Blackfield)<br /><br />I  recommend that you order everything that Steven Wilson has ever done.  His music saved my life. Listening to his music with some nice headphones is better than getting high.
0486278077|5.0|I first read The Picture of Dorian Gray in my senior year of High School. I was pretty sure I would hate it, because I've been forced to read all manner of \\"classic\\" books that were just ho hum dreary.<br /><br />However, Wilde did an amazing job! I just think its sad that he got such harsh reviews in his time. The book is full of mystery, and asks a question that is still valid in today's society. \\"What are you willing to sell for eternal beauty?\\"<br /><br />So, ask yourself that as you read this book. How far will you go for beauty?<br /><br />(The reviewer was compensated for posting this review. However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)
B001G8NW6Y|5.0|I know it sounds stupid. I know it sounds extreme. I know it sounds ridiculous.    But this book REALLY DID change my life.    I used to be a bleeding-heart liberal: \\"the government has to do X, Y and Z\\".    This book showed me how wrong I was. How so VERY wrong I was.    This book should be mandated reading in all schools.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I started this DVD Ten Days ago. The first day, I did it twice because my roommate wanted to join in with me, and I figured it couldn't hurt. This was both a very bad, and a very good decision. It most certainly CAN hurt! LOL. I woke up the next morning and I could not get down the stairs without cringing. I am a theatre student, and in every class we do basic stretches---THOSE KILLED ME TOO.    But did I stop doing it? Hell. No. I even had a bit of a hissy fit on Day 7, because the workout is pretty brutal for me (157 lbs, 5'2\\", 20-y/o). I did it anyway. I am on Day 11, weigh in at 151 lbs, and start Workout 2 today. 20 more days to see how far my weight loss can go with this dvd!     If you are not a fan of pushups and jumping jacks, watch out! Workout 1 is full of them--but just DO IT. Smile. It helps. Smile, and SCREAM all you want. Anything you have to do to get through it! The first day, I could only do a few push ups. Today, I can do ALL of them in the workout video and MORE. In fact, I can do the entire workout without fudging it. It makes you stronger--and it makes you feel great about yourself! It's hard to get that motivation on the days you really don't want to do it. But remember! It's twenty minutes a day. That's IT. FIND the motivation. DO IT. You HAVE to do it EVERY day. Don't make ANY excuses, or it will NOT work.     My success was combined with the video, and a restricted calorie diet. I am SERIOUS about losing weight, and if you are, too, you have to play both cards. :)    GOOD LUCK!!!!
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Spartacus : Blood and Sand     Two thumbs way up!  Finally; the bad guys get whats coming to them.    Could have done without so much sex it cheapens the effect.
B004GGM444|5.0|In the past year, Skrillex has definitely redefined electronic music. His crazy beats and insane dance tunes are guaranteed to make you go crazy. By touring with Deadmau5 he established himself as a game changer in the electronic world. His music combines so many different things that you never know whats coming next. From crazy techno into dubstep he always keeps you guessing. I strongly suggest anyone who loves his music see him live at Wakarusa Music Festival this summer in Ozark, AK. He is no doubt even better in concert than simply on an MP3.
B004LRZ2YC|5.0|This a wonderful movie. Everything about this movie is superb. The movie has a pretty cool yet scary monster.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|This processor is so much faster than my prior build, a Core i7-920, it's amazing.  This puppy is almost as fast as the fastest $1,000 Gulf Town processor, for 1/3rd the price!  It's performing flawlessly for me so far.  I'm still playing with the overclocking, but some of my friends have gotten this chip up to 5.2 Ghz and beyond using just air cooling on the same motherboard I have, the Asus Maximus IV Extreme.  I'm still playing around in the high 4s.<br /><br />The design of the Sandy Bridge CPUs appear flawless.  I'm just bummed that they wasted all those transistors on a useless (for many of us), mediocre video processor.<br /><br />The \\"Cougar Point\\" P67/H67 Chipset problem is easily avoided.  Just don't use the Intel SATA II ports on your Motherboard!  No big deal if you have a good quality Motherboard with ample SATA III and non-Intel SATA II ports.  How many people have more than 4 Optical and HDDs in their system anyway?  The fellow who blamed the problem on the Sandy Bridge CPUs is entirely off base and unjustified...
B000NU2CY4|3.0|I purchased this in January and the copy I received seems to check out as the remastered edition (no coupon or rebate for the new copy on the cover, no \\"2-disc set\\" over the paramount logo, and I have the lettering on the disc itself that one of the reviewers said indicated it was the new version).  However, even with the remastering, the film is quite grainy and is not quite the quality I would have expected for so recent a film.  Maybe I was expecting too much, but I was definitely not blown away.
0385341679|2.0|Although I am a KMM fan and totaly loved her Fever series, this final book just left me hanging in nothing more then air.     She promised us a HEA, well Sex over 20 pages and \\"I need to f*** you, Mac\\" just isn't the same as \\"I love you\\". Not for me. And surely not after more then 5 years and 2000-3000 pages turned. The most romantic story was that of the Unseelie King and his concubine. She promised us to get the answers, and still major answers are not being delivered. We still don't exactly know why JZB is a beast, we really don't know what Mac is.     I have to agree with others here, who have written that this hole first person view of Mac is just frustrating and boring. I flipped over many many pages thinking \\"Oh girl, do it finaly, don't think about it!\\" This insight in one character's personality is overdone after 5 books. And really there is not much happening.     One of the best things in this book I think was the introduction of K'vruck, he most certainly is funny. And for that I give KMM a star. Another because this is the end of the fever.     I had the impression, as if KMM didn't like very much writing it. It repeats itself a lot (like JZB dying a few times, like the journeys through the mirrors to the white mansion, like the trust issues Mac and JZB have). Some characters didn't make sense to me: The Kelters and Adam. Why bring them into the story, if they have nothing to stay?     I am happy the series is over, I am sad this book was a disappointment for me.
B0009V971S|5.0|My cell phone battery was down to lasting about 5 minutes.  I heard the phone was discontinued because of the poor battery life, but I love my phone.  Didn't want to replace it.  Got my new battery in very fast time and now my charge lasts 3 days again.  Love it.  As long as I can keep replacing the batteries, I'll probably be keeping my phone.  Happy customer! :)
B000N0WCLC|4.0|'Blood Diamond' is one of DiCaprios better films and one that leaves you thinking about the issues it explores long after the credits have rolled. All the actors play their roles well and the locations make for some stunning scenery. The storyline is pretty shocking at times and it feels like it is half action movie and half political commentary. The issues around blood diamonds are explained pretty well and it'll make you think twice about those innocuous sparkly stones that we see everywhere. As other reviewers have noted, the film is excellent, but the sanitised, saccharine Hollywood ending spoils what is a powerful film, with an important message. Overall though, I'd say this film is well worth watching, it will keep you engaged the whole way through and is well shot and acted. A directors cut without the last five minutes would be great!<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
1936594366|1.0|Hermann Hesse tries to find in this controversial novel the essence of the universe in a sort of pantheism. His protagonist chooses to live successively in two totally opposite ways of escapism out of the socially relevant world: as a monk (a shramana) and as a rake.<br /><br />Pantheism, time and evil<br />For Siddhartha, `every wind, cloud, bird or beetle is divine.' `The river is god.'<br />In this pantheism, time is not real, but an illusion: `In this timeless world, everything is the way of the Perfect One.'<br />But pantheism has a big problem: evil. But, for Siddhartha there is no problem. God is also evil: `If time is not real, then the gap that seems to exist between the world and eternity, between suffering and bliss, between good and evil is also an illusion. Every sin already contains grace within it.'<br /><br />Anti-reason<br />Siddhartha utterly detests reason. Besides such nonsense as `the opposite of every truth is also just true', he warns: `but beware, you who are greedy of knowledge. Beware of excessive cleverness. It was a certainty that the body was not the self, but also not thinking, not the reasoning mind.'<br />In the face of the butchery of World War I, Siddhartha could love people `who wage war'.<br /><br />The Unity, Buddhism<br />For Siddhartha (Hegel?), `in the depths of meditation lies the possibility of cutting through time, of being the simultaneity of past, present and future life and that within that everything is good, all is perfect ... the eternal perfection of the world's unity.' (!)<br />The Perfect One lives on alms. But, if everybody would live on alms, mankind would be rapidly extinct. Therefore, the Perfect One needed a gift from `a wealthy merchant'.<br /><br />Words, literature, art<br />But the truly most amazing aspect of this novel is its view on literature: `Words do not justice to the hidden meaning.' `But the words I cannot love.' `Teachings have nothing but words.' And then, what about H. Hesse's words and ideas in this novel?<br />These statements are nothing less than a virulent rejection of the author's own profession (writing), of literature and of art. Mind-boggling.<br /><br />I cannot recommend this illusory, nonsensical and self-defeating `words'.t rejection of the author's own profession (writing), of literature and of art. Mind-boggling.    I cannot recommend this illusory, nonsensical and self-defeating `words'.
0060786523|4.0|I found 'A Suitable Boy' to be a slow starter, but once you get going you'll be hooked. I found the first 300 hundred, or so, pages quite frustrating as I was waiting for something to happen, but then I settled into the story and realised that this was a meandering tale of family dynamics and the bonds of society. Once you realise that this book will not have huge shocks and intrigue the whole way through, but rather the gentle telling of lives and how they are intertwined with the odd moment of suspense or excitement, then you will become completely engrossed and compelled to return to this book at every given moment. The writing isn't stunningly beautiful (like In Arundhati Roys 'God Of Small Things', which I highly recommend if you enjoyed this) , but it's simplicity keeps you hooked to the story told, which may be more important in a book of this length. This is a big book and it will take some time to get through, but every moment is worthwhile and the journey is more important than the ending, so take your time and enjoy it. Well worth a read.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0385341679|5.0|I stumbled upon KMM last summer and have devoured the fever and highlander series. I normally wouldn't pay for a hardback, but couldn't wait to read the rest of Mac's saga. Great storytelling, great twists, lots of fun.
B0013FBS20|3.0|This film is 'I Am Legend' in name only, it bears very little relation to the book of the same name. This aside, it is a fairly good movie with post apocalyptic themes and a storyline that will keep you interested for the 96 minutes duration. Will Smith plays the role of the relationship starved army medical researcher well. You really feel for him when he talks to mannequins and at his relationship with his dog. The action is pretty good, although the computer graphics left a lot to be desired, both the various animals and the 'dark seekers' seemed very dated compared to other computer graphics films. This is an OK film, that should keep you watching until the end. As long as you don't expect a faithful rendering of the book you should be fine. Watch it with an open mind and you'll get what it sets out to be, an action film that shows another side of Will's acting and how one copes on his own in a world where everyone else is dead! The extras on the second disc are OK, but nowhere near as extensive as other films out there. A solid three star film.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
031237593X|5.0|The Sunne in Splendour was given to me by a friend who knows I love history as well as fiction based on historical events.  I finished this book a couple of weeks ago and only realized it was written in 1982 while looking for other books written by Penman.  I had my own views of Richard III, based on the Tudor writings and Shakespeare.  Though fiction, Penman's book is filled with history and her painstaking research is evident.  I absolutely loved this story and believe that what most of us have read and been taught of Richard III is more inaccurate than accurate.  Almost 30 years after it's writing, this book is still a must read and I will now read Penman's other books in this series.
B0020TS5LU|5.0|'Gosford Park' is an atmospheric period drama set in 1930's England. It looks at the relationships between upstairs and downstairs in a country manor, combined with a murder mystery story. The murder is the least important aspect of this film and it is excellent as a social piece looking at the hierarchy and social conventions of aristocracy at that time. There is an amazing cast who all perform superbly, Maggie Smith is especially good, but they all act with skill and draw you in to their various characters. The costumes and sets add to the overall feel of the film and it is directed perfectly. It is quite slow paced, which I liked, but those expecting a fast paced thriller will be disappointed, this is one that builds in layers. 'Gosford Park' deserves all the accolades it received and is well worth a viewing.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000EJ9MTW|5.0|I love this cd!  Wolfmother has a great sound.  They've got some really great tunes-that will get ya fired up!  Sorta remind me of Zepp.
B0025VLEM0|4.0|'Shaun of the Dead' is a funny spoof Zombie movie that will have you chuckling out loud at times and with a few huge belly laughs chucked in for good measure. Simon Pegg is great to watch, as is Nick Frost, and the supporting cast are pretty good as well. This DVD is packed with extras and bonus material, which for the often good price you can snap this up for, makes for great value for money. The ending is a touch abrupt and the storyline is a bit thin, but for a 90 minute zombie comedy film you can't expect too much. It's a great little film, that doesn't take itself too seriously and is good for some light hearted entertainment. Give it a go.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003XQG0JI|5.0|Simply beautiful...I love it! I'm so thrilled to have purchased this long awaited for debut CD by Sharon Corr...thanks Amazon.com! :)
B002HR1W1K|4.0|'Hot Fuzz' is basically the story of a big time policeman who is transferred to a sleepy country village and tries to settle in there. He starts to notice some unusual accidents around village life and starts to investigate them with both hilarious and chilling (as far as the film is concerned) consequences. Simon Pegg and Nick Frost are both excellent in this film and I found it to have a lot more laugh out loud moments in it than 'Shaun of the Dead'. Pegg is his funniest when he is being frustrated and pedantic when not utilizing his top policing skills in this sleepy, laid back village. Frost reminds you of a big soppy dog, as he eagerly learns from Peggs character and tries to emulate him, often to hilarious effect. Overall this is a fun film, with many hilarious scenes and gags, and although some of the violent scenes are pretty gross, they take a back seat to the humour in this film. Well worth a viewing.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000JCEVK4|3.0|There is just something infinitely appealing about a heavy-metal swing band.  The big crescendos and fast rhythms typical of swing are so well blended with the metal grind guitar by this band it's hard not to love it.  The combination is really just plain fun to listen too; then why only three stars? Unfortunately, I heard their most recent release first.  It really shows what this band is capable of and takes metal swing to a whole new, five star level.  This album is good and worth the purchase price, but not nearly as good as \\"Sing-Along Songs for the Damned and Delirious\\" which is why I gave this three stars.
B000002GOZ|4.0|A great many of the Unplugged series albums have been hit and miss and it is a relief to hear this one from Bryan Adams ending up firmly in the hit section. He manages to rework his songs just enough to fit the acoustic format and yet they retain their original feel throughout. Tracks such as 'Summer of 69' and 'Run to You' are staggeringly good played acoustic and the upbeat 'Back to You' and 'I Think About You' never fail to get my toes tapping every time I hear them. 'When You Love Someone' has a beautiful Celtic feel to it that elevates it above the ordinary on this album as well. As far as Bryan Adams and Unplugged albums goes this one rates pretty highly and is well worth a try.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0441013597|5.0|I love this classic and was going to buy it for my new kindle.  But the digital price costs more than the paperback (2/2/2011).  Does anyone else see something wrong with this?    The book deserves 5 stars.  Amazon's pricing policy 1.
B00164GDD2|4.0|'Ghostbusters' is an ironic, tongue in cheek comedy from the eighties and although the effects look dated, the humour and fun has not. Bill Murray has some great lines and performs them in his usual dead pan way and Rick Moranis is as gawky and geeky as he is in all his films. The plot is pretty silly, but considering it's not trying to be too serious it's best to suspend disbelief and sit back and enjoy the fun. This film spawned many spin offs, from a cartoon, a sequel and a host of toys (which I loved playing with as a kid!) and you can see why, some of the characters are iconic looking back (The Stay Paft marshmallow man and slimer to name two). A good, fun film that should keep you watching and entertained and makes you want to watch the slightly darker Ghostbusters 2. Worth a viewing if you haven't seen it before and a trip down memory lane for those of us that have.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0307454541|3.0|Didnt really find this book suspenseful, not sure what the hype was all about... but will definitely read the 2nd and 3rd parts to this book :)
B000005J56|5.0|'Buena Vista Social Club' is the Ry Cooder produced album of such melodic, harmonious, relaxed Cuban beauty. Each track transports you to another time and place and you honestly feel your cares drifting away as you listen to each song. From the wonderful album opener 'Chan Chan' to the infectious 'El Cuarto de Tula' and the delightfully mournful 'Dos Gardenias' and more, this album throws up delight after delight. Ry Cooder may have brought this amazing music to a wider audience, but it is the talent and passion of the musicians that shines through. A beautiful album that deserves a place in any music collection. Well worth a try.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0399536108|5.0|Was kinda skeptical about the book after first chapter, but then it got great, definitely motivating, simple easy read, really enjoyed he definitely deserves 5 stars for this book, I am currently in process of startng a bussiness thanks to the idea i got after reading this books, ever though its a fast and short read, reading about other peoples stories and journeys different ideas came to my mind about how to be more pro-active in my life... as well as great money making opportunities... i just finished this book today, and already in the works of starting on my business plan, thanks Chris, hopefully it works out. I would recomend anyone who is interested in enriching their lives to pick up this book, Chris will take u on a few adventures and u may learn alot about urself along the way... Enjoy !!!
B00004SYZ8|4.0|'Tourist' is the defining album for St Germain and the one they are most well known for; and with good reason. It is a great blend of modern musical influences, augmented with some great Jazz beats and melodies. It is very chilled out and perfect to kick back to late at night with a glass of red. It is equally good as back ground music at a dinner party, although it seems a shame to relegate it to this alone. Released on the Blue Note label, this shows how they are still at the forefront of Jazz music producing and what feels fresh and innovative now will become a classic of the genre in years to come, if it hasn't already!!! Well worth a try if you're interested in modern jazz or just want a supremely chilled out and captivating album.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003N5VOUO|5.0|It's not subtle. A 13 year old can appreciate the film's black and white morality just fine. Nor is it particularly realistic. Instead, it reminds me of Capra's classics that some have derided as too \\"Capra-corny\\": It's a Wonderful Life, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Mr. Deeds Goes to Town, etc.     But in spite of these drawbacks, it may end up being the most life-changing movie I've seen in decades. I haven't known what to do, or even what to say to a couple of friends who have just lost their teenage child. What can you say when their grief is so deep? After seeing this, I may get them a copy of this movie, since it handles such monumental losses with a perfect touch.     I'm a Christian, and I've had many direct experiences of Christ's power and love. But like many Christians, my faith has grown a little stale. I sense that I'm no longer the Christian I once was, especially when I look at my actions. To paraphrase Sister Helen Prejean, \\"I discover what I REALLY believe by carefully observing what I actually do.\\"     Nobody is really as saintly as Khan is in this movie. Still, I was convicted by what God was trying to tell me through this movie: that He'd be happier with me if I were a Muslim, as long as I were that kind of Muslim, than He is now pleased with me as a Christian. What a wake up call!     Realistically, there are no good people or bad people, as even the worst people have plenty of good in them, and even the most saintly are deeply flawed. But even if the film's morality is more appropriate for children, it is still very helpful to me.     I'm no racist, but I still struggle against my human tendencies toward racism, xenophobia, and other forms of prejudice. Now I have this film to help me in my struggle. Whenever I start thinking, \\"All women...\\", or \\"All Japanese...\\", etc.,  then all I have to do is to remember the lesson of the film -- that good people and bad people are found in ALL groups.     We Christians ought to be shining examples to inspire the world. Instead, it's secular movies like [[ASIN:B00005B4BI Pay It Forward]] and secular books like [[ASIN:0143038257 Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace . . . One School at a Time]] that shine light into the darkness. If we ever hope that the rest of the world will be inspired by our Christian lives, if we ever hope that the rest of the world will learn from us, then we must first humble ourselves and be willing to listen to them and learn from them.     I am a little surprised (yet pleasantly surprised) that it's taken a pro-Muslim movie to show me how to be a better Christian.
0007256531|4.0|'Predictably Irrational' looks at our behaviour from a consumers point of view and explores why we behave the way we do. It looks at ideas as varied as decoy selling, procrastination, arousal, the allure of free items, suggestion, honesty and more. It may sound a touch dry, but I was immensely surprised at just how fascinating and readable this book was. The authors style is easy to read and the experiments used to illustrate the various points really add to the clarity. A lot of this book has concepts you may have considered or heard before, and others that are plain common sense, but where this book excels is in making them clear to the reader and allowing you to relate them back to your own behaviour. You will never look at a shopping trip in the same way again, and that may not be a bad thing at all. A clear, fascinating read with some interesting ideas to explore. Well worth a read.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0380973839|4.0|Imaginative and Sociologically relevant because the book started initially as short stories and then was compiled to be a novel. The book started out as a bunch of short stories about regular people in contemporary America then it evolved into a story about people of Mars with common everyday lives. This book did a nice job crossing sci-fi and contemporary issues about real life. Some of the character names were hard to pronounce because they were supposed to be aliens.  Finding a name with no heritage connected to it is difficult, the name would actually be Arabic or something because of the double letters.
B000MXPE7Y|3.0|'The Good Shepherd' is one of those films that could have offered so much more, and sadly didn't. The cast was good, the direction was good, the story was good and yet nothing seemed to gel and you're left feeling strangely dissatisfied with everything. The story is very slow paced and although I can normally enjoy films of this type, I found this to be quite a laboured affair. Set against the backdrop of WW2 and the bay of pigs fiasco this story has some great historical touches and added some authenticity to the plot-line. I found it very strange how Matt Damon and Angelina Jolie seemed to age very little as the film progressed, especially with Damon looking the same at the start as at the end which is supposed to be 22 years later! At least they gave Jolie bags under her eyes, but that was about it. There were some excellent cameo appearances from the likes of Joe Pesci and the few scenes with De Niro were very good. Overall, if you like espionage type films, but without the thrills and action, then this is the film for you, otherwise you can safely give this a miss and not worry in the slightest.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030726999X|3.0|This is an adult book, with complex suspense and thriller plot twists.  The book talks about conspiracies and dangerous situations.  There is complex sexuality and many layers of betrayal and espionage.
B000002G87|5.0|This is one of the few albums that can be classed as a masterpiece. From the perfectly crafted album opener 'I Looked Away' to the evocative 'Bell Bottom Blues', the powerful blues of 'Nobody Knows You When You're Down And Out' to the great riff on 'Why Does Love Got To Be So Sad', the masterly Hendrix cover 'Little Wing' and of course the song that never loses it's power 'Layla', this album has so many gems and brilliant tracks it is hard to know where to begin. 'Layla' sounds so powerful, especially sitting amidst the other tracks on this album, and on reflection it really does adhere to the 'timeless' label heaped on lesser songs. This songs till ignites after all these years. This albums shows EC playing at his height and most creative and although he has played as well since, this album stands out as a highlight of his career. One not to be missed and highly recommended.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0449227421|4.0|This is a book about twins. The subject matter is based on sociology and biomedical science about twins and the nurture vs. nature. Are people conditioned by their environment to behave the way they act or are they born with certain genes that cause them to act a certain way as a response to their environment?
B000VNMMQG|4.0|'Amazing Grace' is the story of William Wilberforce and his fight to abolish slavery in Britain. The first part of the film is told via flashback and then after shows how he finally managed to pass his abolition act. Ioan Gruffudd acts the role of Wilberforce supremely and very soon into the film you are completely gripped and are following the story intently. The excellent costumes and scenery really add to the overall feel of the film and help immerse you in the period. The politics of the time are explored reasonably well and the details of the act and Wilberforce's struggle are recounted in enough depth, but without becoming too dry. At just under two hours, this film manages to keep you interested for the whole duration and yet makes you feel you have a good understanding of the issues. This is well worth a viewing, it's not your fast paced action film (nor does it try to be), but a slow, steady builder and all the better for it.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002NPCTJK|3.0|This book was the forerunner and the predecessor of the moder sci-fi novel. The whole biomedical technology revolution was partially inspired by classic literature such as this.  This book was so imaginative and scientifically oriented in the time it was written.  The book does a nice job combining science and fantasy and does not neglect relationships between men and women.
B001U0HAZM|5.0|This is a good film with a twist in the end that was reminiscent of Fight Club for some reason, although the films are completely different. Bale's performance is incredible and his method acting is to be highly commended. The story is different and unfolds at an easy pace. The various relationships (Bale and prostitute, Bale and waitress) are tender and yet slightly edgy, which keeps you engrossed. This film was slightly too slow paced for my liking, but had a disjointed, dreamy quality to it that mirrored the insomnia theme very well. Well worth a look.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0307454541|3.0|This book is a rebirth and resurgence of adult fiction.  It includes your regular actions: sexy, suspense, thriller, with violence and mayhem.  This is a book that attempts to make adults read.  The original title was not in English of course, it was translated.  The title used to be something like, a book for men who don't like women.  Well, the book is full of dangerous women and people trying to kill each other with modern guns and explosions.  This is what adult readers may have found in Ken Follet's books or Dean Koontz now the action comes from Europe.  I think the book glorifies violence too much and depends of bad events to drive the plot instead of good events that enrich the character of the people in the book.
B000002GJS|5.0|'Waking Up the Neighbours' is the excellent album from Bryan Adams that first turned me onto his music. It has a great rock sound and whenever I listen to this album it takes me right back to my childhood. Due to being produced by Robert 'Mutt' Lange this album has a feel very reminiscent of Def leppard from the same time (also produced by Mutt) with similar backing vocals and guitar sound, no bad thing though. There are plenty of stand out tracks, from the softer 'Can't stop this thing we've started' to slightly rockier 'touch the hand', and of course the now anthemic (and slightly overplayed) '(Everything I do) I do it for you'. But all the tracks on this album sit together very well and provide a great overall sound. For a first try of Bryan Adams' albums you can't go far wrong in starting here and then once you're hooked explore his other top albums. At a great price on amazon at time of writing, you can't really go wrong in giving this a try.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
1400052173|3.0|This is an interesting topic about biomedical technology.  The cells that are used to do scientific experiments all come from this woman who was said to die from cancer.  I thought that attention was given to this type of book because of the recent advances made in technology such as human cloning and a man having a baby.  This has been going on a while hasn't it.  Finally, the truth can be told about this experiment when the other advances were made making this look a lot less mind blowing but still very interesting.
B001JNNDDI|4.0|Let me start by saying 'Little Miss Sunshine' is a quirky, yet delightful gem. I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I did but this is one of those films that keeps you engrossed throughout and leaves you feeling good at the end. The story is pretty original and all the actors do an amazing job, especially the young girl who plays Olive and Steve Carell in a more serious role for him, rather than the usual slapstick he does. At just over 90 minutes this film is perfect for those lazy afternoons and although there are many laugh out loud moments, there are also some warm and touching moments as well. A great little film that is well worth a viewing.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
006074815X|4.0|Follet writes a lot of novels about spys and the WWII theme.  This was a novel I read several years ago and it was interesting enough to hold my attention.  It was told through the eyes of the spy, which would normally be the bad guy, sometimes it's hard to tell who's bad and who's good and who you should root for.
B000N0W9WO|3.0|At first glance this film seemed to be your typical chick flick with a distinctly 'Bridget Jones' feel about it. But as soon as the house swap occurred it very quickly picked up and becomes quite an endearing story. It isn't too heavy, has some fun performances and is an easy way to spend an afternoon. Kate Winslet is great as a heartbroken journalist who befriends an old school Hollywood script writer and Diaz is good as the highly stressed new era Hollywood type who falls in love in low key English surrey. This is a fairly heart warming, innocuous afternoons viewing and although not brilliant, it is a good enough film for those lighter moments. Worth a look as long as you don't expect too much.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0743277708|3.0|This book was too long in my opinion.  When I read it I was in the fifth grade and recall that the book was a contemporary of Tolkien from England. The book was about the affairs of a rabbit warren and the small wars they fought among each other.  The animals took on human characteristics, anthropomorphic characteristics, this aspect of the book was good but I think it should have been cut in half.
B000660UN0|4.0|After the too slick and uninspiring 'Me and Mr Johnson' this album is what we were actually after. EC playing Johnson tracks with a bit of passion and verve. He performs each song to perfection and the live recording suits these songs much better than the flat, over-produced 'Me and Mr Johnson'. If I had the choice of these album I'd go for this one every time and I rarely listen to the former album now. The fact that this comes with a 'making of' DVD only adds to the package and it is great to see EC and his band perform these songs live and trace some of Johnson's history. A much better album and more what we expected from an EC Robert Johnson album.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|We quickly fell in love with the situational acting and the plotline(s).  Always filled with multiple chaotic situations.  Samcro imparts a fierce force among Charming authorities and others over 4 west coast states and even the charter in Ireland.  They have negotiating skills and just simply 'take care of things themselves' skills.  They struggle like the other opposing forces (Mayans, Black 9er's, White Power and venture capitalists) and they find resolution in a variety of refreshing action.  We look forward to each new episode.
B0001HAHXW|3.0|'Me and Mr Johnson' has some solid playing from EC and his love and mastery of Robert Johnson's musics is pretty evident on this album. I think the reason why this album gets slated as much as it does is because the terrible Simon Climie production relegates it to the 'elevator' music described by other reviewers. The music and playing are pretty good (although without the fire and passion of 'From the Cradle') but the production is yet again flat and uninspiring. When will EC learn everyone hates this style of production and it does nothing for his music? This album is very polished and slick, which detracts from the rawness of the blues played, but there are some good tracks here and it's a good homage from EC of Johnson's amazing playing and song writing. A solid 3 stars, but it could've delivered so much more.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I am inexperienced in the art of sharpening. There. I said it. In fact, all immodesty aside, I have never sharpened a blade in my life. And yet, somehow, following the instructions that came with this black little tool, I turned the most awful knife in my mothers possession into a razor edged beast of a knife. I bet if I blew on the edge, the blade would cut air molecules in half. This sharpener is intuitive to use, simple and effective. As said in other reviews, it is not outstandingly awesome compared to expensive sharpeners that practically seize the knife out of your hand, sharpen it to perfection and spit it back out handle first. But! Take a gander at the price, and you will be astounded at the quality. A diamond grit sharpening rod for that low of a price? Get out of here Amazon, you silly bear, that can't be good quality. Well wake up and smell the iron shavings, because it is great quality. However, as I always say, because I am a paranoid person, do not get caught carrying this by police, or you might be arrested for concealed weaponry, or something like that, (I am not interested in the finer details of law enforcement yet, so I do not know much about it). The diamond rod would qualify as a very effective, though brittle and expensive, shank, so keep this one at home or get a license for it and anything else that might set off red flags with police, for your convenience and much more. I definitely recommend it, good quality, low price, if you are nuts for knives and their razor sharp edges, cough up some dough and acquire this beauty.
B00005JLR8|4.0|'In America' is a poignant film about an Irish family trying to survive in new york after the death of their young baby boy. The cast play their roles to perfection and Sam Morton excels as a mother trying to hold her family together. Paddy Considine is completely authentic as the father who fights to support his family, whilst fighting his own grief at the same time. The two delightful actresses who play his daughters (sisters in real life) are a joy to watch and are incredibly natural and unaffected in front of the camera. This film follows the family as they rebuild their lives and make friends with their artist neighbour who lives downstairs (played excellently by Djimon Hounsou) and it is wonderful to see the young siblings playing joyfully amidst the turmoil of their homelife, seemingly oblivious to the struggles the family has to endure. This is a touching film and one that will stay with you after you've watched it and it can easily be viewed again and again. Well worth a look.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002ZG98UA|5.0|The writers of the movie outdid themselves again. The stunts are fantastic and the plotline is again plausible. There is one scene near the end of the movie to indicate another story can be added to the series. Well worth the price and a great story for fans of the series.
0872860175|4.0|'Howl' is a short book of poetry, but each poem enclosed hits you with full force and intensity. They open you up to feeling and for that brief moment in time you are completely immersed in the world Ginsberg creates. I'm unaware of the controversy surrounding these poems, but all I can say is that these are some great poems that deserve to be read by a much wider audience. Poetry is a unique and powerful experience (both reading and writing) and this collection is no different. Well worth a look.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B004LRZ2YC|5.0|A great movie, it has more to do with adolesent relationships than a typical Vampire movie. i can remember being in some of the same situations as the young boy in the movie, it is a awkward time of life not knowing what to do,to embarassed to ask someone on what to do? In order to fully appreciate this movie you must be truthful to your self whether you were the bully or the victim.The movie was well paced. Having survied those awkward years i am glad this movie became available to see on Amazon Video on Demand, because i have limted mobility, plus they always give me a reminder what videos they have to offer. A great movie, great service.  firefox
B000MGB6M8|3.0|'Mr and Mrs Smith' is a light hearted action/comedy. OK the plot is pretty bad, it has a rubbish ending and it may be a touch too long (all reasons for my 3 stars), but it wasn't trying to win any Oscars and is a fun, fairly innocuous, way to spend an afternoon. There are some funny moments, loads of action scenes and plenty of eye candy for the boys and girls. Some people seem to rate this film based against all others ever made, in that contest it will never win. But as an example of light entertainment it doesn't do too badly. Not brilliant, but not terrible either. Worth spending an afternoon watching when you don't want to think too hard.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B001TI9468|1.0|Needed this book for a class, however, it was not the same version that is pictured and would have left me clueless to which page the rest of the class was on. But took so long to ship that I ended up buying the correct copy. At least change your photo to the book version that you will be sending. Wouldn't have wasted my time otherwise.
B000F4LPJ6|5.0|I must start by saying I don't fully understand why there is such controversy around this film. There are far worse films for graphic violence churned out of Hollywood each year, just think of 'Saw' or 'Hostel', and this is quite tame in comparison. The premise of this film is superb and is where it really shines and the acting is pretty good as well. I like the way it explore the various options that may be taken in such a situation, from those refusing to fight, those who try to outwit the system, the lone killers and those who band together. There is a lot more to this film than the violent depictions and I agree that it is a very potent piece of social commentary. I also agree with those reviews that liken this film to 'Lord of the Flies', it really does to seem to be a modern equivalent. This is well shot, well acted and has a good premise and script, I'd ignore the overly hyped controversy of this film and highly recommend a viewing. Great world cinema.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0880793082|5.0|Both the THOTH Tarot Deck and the Angeles Arien companion book are brilliant! The artwork on the cards and the very detailed information about the meanings of each of the cards makes for a much deeper understanding and reading of the information the cards reveal. This deck draws on ancient and modern wisdom, many cultures and religions, and astrological influences. I have used this deck for many years, and wanted to have an extra deck for travel.
B000063DI9|5.0|'Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son' is the first Iron Maiden album I ever bought (quickly followed by everything before or since!) and I have to say it is one I still love after all these years. From the racing album opener 'Moonchild' to storming tracks such as 'Evil That Men Do', 'Clairvoyant' and 'Infinite Dreams' and more besides, this album produces one amazing song after another. In fact I'd go so far to say that this is one of those rare albums where every track is worthy of inclusion and adds to the overall feel of the album. This was initially snubbed by some Maiden fans for it's use of keyboards, but is often recognised as the classic it always was now hindsight can be applied. A great first port of call for new maiden fans, but be warned, like me, you will want to get their back catalogue and see what else they have to offer. A classic album from a British rock institution.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0385341679|5.0|A Fitting end to the 'FEVER' series - it was worth every minute of the wait.  I will truly, truly miss the characters from this series, but it speaks to how strong of a character writer this author is.  Thank you, Karen Marie Moning, from the bottom of my heart. I am an avid fiction reader, and your FEVER series is the handsdown reason you are my favorite author.
0307455874|4.0|'Audacity Of Hope' looks at some ideas in American politics and Obamas own take on them. It looks at things such as Democrat and Republican relations, Race, Faith, Americas relationship internationally and general politics. Obama comes across as someone with a great deal of integrity and common sense. He seems to want to work across political ideological lines for the benefit of America in general. I guess any self penned book will be slightly biased, but for an idea of what Obama believes in and a look at some of his ideas to remedy a selection of Americas ills, you can't go much wrong in starting with this book. Considering he may be the next President, and after reading this lets hope with all of our fibre that he is, it is well worth reading about the beliefs of who could be the worlds most influential man. Clear, eloquent, well reasoned and argued and insightful into his character and ideals. Well worth a read.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B00008QSA5|3.0|I realize that it's all a matter of taste, and I hate to disagree with nearly EVERYONE here, BUT. Whenever I listen to the Bloomfield half, I have to wonder whether this is the same man who contributed so much fire and imagination to \\"East-West\\" -- clearly, due to his blooming drug-habit, it wasn't. And when I compare this stuff to anything recorded by Roy Buchanan, Jeff Beck, or the impossibly-great Rory Galllagher, I have to shake my head and wonder whether it wasn't a good thing after all that Bloomfield died when he did. That way he never had to be humiliated by listening to that stuff either.    The Stills cuts, on the other hand, are a joy after all these years. What should have happened is this. Kooper should have listened to the tapes and said \\"Gee -- this kid Stills is doing what Danny Kalb used to do -- he's listening as well as playing ... Matter of fact, he even LOOKS a bit like Danny ... Maybe my guardian angel is sending me a message ... Maybe it's time to get The Country and Blues Project going ... \\"     The resulting band -- call it Kooper, Stills and Young -- might have been capable of ANYTHING. And we wouldn't have had to listen to \\"Our House.\\"
B001BMKOZW|4.0|'Scars on Broadway' is the excellent album from Daron Malakian and John Dolmayan, which they've recorded while SOAD are on hiatus. Although it is a shame to compare this to SOAD, it is almost inevitable that this will occur. This album has some great tracks that show a flavour of SOAD's previous work, but with Daron and Johns own particular influence on things. It almost has the feeling of a SOAD album, but without the politics or quirky vocals that Serj brings to that group. This is in no way a bad thing as this album has an brilliant feel and sound and with a completely fun feel the whole way through. Album opener 'Serious' is a particular favourite of mine and 'Chemicals' has the habit of sticking in my head for hours after hearing it. Since buying this album it has rarely been off my stereo or MP3 and it is great to finally hear some rock music from some musicians that have sadly been missing from the music scene for far too long. If you're a fan of SOAD or just of good music in general, then this is the place for you. Well worth a try.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0000E6I1J|5.0|Very happy with my new CD been looking for it everywhere and Amazon was the only place I was able to purchase it thanks
B003UESJHE|4.0|THE KING'S SPEECH<br /><br />STARRING: Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush, Helena Bonham Carter, Guy Pearce, Derek Jacobi, Michael Gambon and Timothy Spall<br /><br />WRITTEN BY: David Seidler<br /><br />DIRECTED BY: Tom Hooper<br /><br />Rated: R<br />Genre: Drama / Comedy<br />Release Date: 10 December 2010<br />Review Date: 07 January 2011<br /><br />It would be a great feat to make a good movie centered on something as trivial as someone who can't speak in public; so making an amazing film based on this concept, is an exceptional accomplishment. The King's Speech is precisely that, and it tackles its difficult task with memorable performances from its cast, breathtaking cinematography, and monumental costume and set designs; sure to be a heavy contender at the Oscars.<br /><br />Colin Firth is rumored to be up for the lead actor category for his portrayal of King George VI, and while I was fonder of his Oscar nominated performance in A Single Man last year; his King George isn't shabby either. He plays a man plagued with the curse of stammering and the dread of being required to speak not only publicly but to several nations at a given time, in more than convincing fashion.<br /><br />Our story is the true one of King George VI as he is to be elected the King after the death of his father, just as England is about to find itself in the hellish midst of World War II. With the support of his wife and children and a single friend, God willing, he will have what it takes to win the hearts of his countrymen when he is to address them via a radio broadcast. This is not a large cinematic plot; but I assure you the filmmakers and actors make it every bit as entertaining and suspenseful as the climax in any sports film or courtroom drama.<br /><br />The single friend George has is a speech therapist named Lionel Logue. Geoffrey Rush plays him, and was the center of my attention throughout the entire film. He's next in line for the supporting Oscar after Christian Bale for The Fighter. Lionel is an Australian man trying to support his family by assisting those with speech impediments, while working on his true passion on the side: stage acting. The future King George VI is his newest client.<br /><br />Lionel's first method of attack at defeating the beast of stammering is to befriend the snooty man of royalty. He attempts to begin this by merely suggesting that he and his client be on a first name basis with one another. So he calls the soon to be King by his common name, Bertie.<br /><br />The meat of this film is comprised of these two fine actors preparing the Bertie character for his speech. Boring as that may sound; these scenes are both hilarious and dramatically compelling and are shot with cinematography that showcases large and elaborate locations similar to those found in classic films. The Shining comes to mind.port his family by assisting those with speech impediments, while working on his true passion on the side: stage acting. The future King George VI is his newest client.      Lionel's first method of attack at defeating the beast of stammering is to befriend the snooty man of royalty. He attempts to begin this by merely suggesting that he and his client be on a first name basis with one another. So he calls the soon to be King by his common name, Bertie.     The meat of this film is comprised of these two fine actors preparing the Bertie character for his speech. Boring as that may sound; these scenes are both hilarious and dramatically compelling and are shot with cinematography that showcases large and elaborate locations similar to those found in classic films. The Shining comes to mind.
0807014273|5.0|Frankl words touched my soul.  I could only read a few pages at a time and had to put the book down to reflect.  This is a must read and should be required for all college students.  Excellent work - I highly recommend it.
0060989157|5.0|This is a great book. I have been a Crue fan for 25 years or so and I didn't know all this stuff about them. I see now why they are the World's Most Notorious Rock Band.
B000A7DVRC|4.0|Great cult type movie.Had some dark humor and overt uncommon humor.One every bowler should have,as well as people who enjoy offbeat type of humor.Great characters
0736092269|5.0|This is an outstanding book, the illustrations and explanations are very well done and first rate. I am using this as a guide in creating a workout for me and one for my son. Back 25 years ago I would lift using various moves but this explains what is going on with the how, why and what not to do. Very helpful. I recomend this book to anyone interested in lifting weights for what ever reason.
B003AXS51A|5.0|I love this book - wonderful story, told from the dog's point of view. I smile just thinking about the book!
B004CFAWK2|5.0|I love this story! I laughed, I cried, and I hated to see it end. I'd highly recommend this book to anyone.
B004KPQK2S|5.0|This story is based on a legend horse.  WOW!  I had no idea an animal could move like that for that long.  He really had the racing heart and drive.  Such a heartwarming story of a house wife throwing herself into the man's world of horse racing.  It's about faith, strength, and dedication.  This is a must see film.  What a great family movie.
B002GTZSZU|3.0|The original theater version of Amadeus was very entertaining, as was its release on DVD.  Many times so-called \\"director's cuts\\" do add something worthwhile (Blade Runner comes to mind).  However, in my opinion, this Amadeus director's cut is simply an exercise in bloat and gratuitous, boring excess; to use an apropos phrase, \\"too many notes\\".  The original released on Blu-Ray would have been much more enjoyable.
0439023521|5.0|Enders Game in a post apocalyptic world.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|this was one of the best musicals ive ever seen! great acting! great songs! and so much fun! a must have for a lover of comedy, musicals and just really great movies! i also got the soundtrack... note: should be gotten together!
0439023491|3.0|Okay.
B004GGM444|5.0|what happens when you mix the traditional beats of electro and house music, and twist them up with all of the filth and ingenuity of dubstep?  you find Skrillex.  Skrillex is constant body-moving music that is never boring.  I have loved every track i've ever heard by skrillex, and I can't wait to see him this year at Wakarusa on june 2-5.  Nothings better than a raging electric concert except a raging electric concert at a music festival like wakarusa.    [...]
030746363X|2.0|If you read this book as a bio, I'llgive it 3 stars.  Tim F is a entertaining writer, making it interesting to read of his body-hack quest.  But it is terrible as a actual guide to hacking your body. Tim F talks about what works for him alone.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|I have bought 5 of this CD for me as well as for gifts. I will be purchesing one more for myself. Every person I gave it to loves it. Cry me a river is by far my favorit song on the album, but the whole thing is great. I work in my Church's Rectory, and I think my preast is ready to boot me out, because I play his CD's over and over. You can totaly escape listening to him. He has a way to make you feel the music, not just hear it. I am waiting for three other CD's from him. I expect them any day now, Amazon is great with shipping very fast. I totaly love Michael Buble and Amazon. They make a great pair. Oh, if you have never been to a Michael Buble concert, you have no idea what your missing. You get two shows in one, a concert and a comedy act, he's fabulous. I love him.
0307272702|4.0|I had attempted to read Gary's previous book, \\"Good Calories, Bad Calories\\", but didn't make it through it.  The author acknowledges the density of that work and \\"Why we get fat\\" was designed to be readible by the masses.  The author truly takes his work VERY seriously and has been a strong voice / proponent of \\"low-carb\\" diets.  This book is definitely easier to read that his previous book, however you will need to be focused (and perhaps like me, read it twice to absorb the material).  This is a book that everyone should read.
B000FC2PKG|5.0|Got the Kindle for Christmas-and honestly got this book because of the price ! But I will be reading more by this author!Could not put this down!She hooks you from the beginning and keeps it going thru the end! Well worth the read!
1400032717|5.0|I did not know what to expect when I picked up this novel and I think that was the best way to experience it. Haddon captures the mind of his lead character with precision and care that I have not experienced before. I love this book.
B0045U9WPU|5.0|my heart lept. my heart fell. my heart broke into little pieces. and when i found out there was to be another in this series... my heart found a little something called hope. wonderful book..i love lauren oliver. her books leave you thinking hours and days after finishing them. must read!
B001IF252C|1.0|An extremely unimpressive product.    First time I plugged it in, I got 'snowing' across my entire screen. This was, however, fixed by just unplugging & replugging the cable. From then on, 50% of the time when I would unplug & replug this cable, I would get the 'snowing'. Always, again, fixed by unplugging & replugging in the cable. For a $100 product, this is pretty lame.    Secondly, a lot of the time my display (Dell U2711) would not wake up from display sleep (I'm using the 'lid closed' mode where only the external display is powered & I operate the computer with an external keyboard/mouse). The only way I could get it to work would be to unplug the display, forcing the display back onto my internal monitor, then putting it to sleep, then reconnecting the monitor. Sometimes I actually had to restart.    Unacceptable.    All my problems were fixed by just buying a $15 mini-DisplayPort to DisplayPort cable from 'Circuit Assembly eStore'. No snowing, no sleep problems for 2 weeks of use now, perfect image quality at 2560x1440 resolution.    Avoid this product at all costs.
B003EYVXUU|5.0|Matt Reeves, director of Cloverfield, surprisingly does a great job at remaking a movie that has just come out a year ago on dvd. I truly enjoyed the film even though I saw original. I really like both of these little actors. I can see great things in both of their futures, especially Chloe =) Anyway I saw someone say if you haven't seen original then your not missing anything and that this one suffice. I agree with that person and would surprisingly say just watch this one. I enjoyed it a little more than the original to be quite honest. I will definitely be adding this to the collection soon. A good eerie, slow, wonderfully composed, thriller with a different outlook on vampires and children who get bullied. I suggest this to many. I hope I've been helpful..<br /><br />-Cam
B000XUOLNY|3.0|Umm for anyone who is wondering what Vinyl is that means a Record my son wanted this and I thought the name of the album was Riot Vinyl so when we got it I was Shocked and wondering why they still made Records I don't even own a record player but it will be a collectors item so I will keep it
B000O8OTNC|5.0|It's light and the ceramic sharpener gets any blade razor sharp the fold out part isn't great for serrated sharpening, but what is. Very light and tough enough for any backpacking pack.
B003WTE886|5.0|This Album is So Amazing Taylor Swift Has once again done a great job with her vocal and lyrics its filled with songs that I would think alot of people will find some relation to. I give this album a A++++++++++ and will be waiting for the next album
159448385X|4.0|As troubling and heart-wrenching as it is, I liked peeking in on a woman's life in Afghanistan. This book affected me deeply and on more than one occasion I thought I couldn't finish. The author created such amazing, strong women, I loved reading their stories.
1594202842|1.0|Although our world is full of unimagined depth and beauty in all corners, not everyone's life is worthy of a memoir--as Amy Chua demonstrates with vicious clarity.  What, exactly, are readers meant to glean from this book?  That an abysmal lack of critical thought (not to mention self-reflection) characterize not only  underacheivers, but often overachievers as well?  Or that racist stereotypes are sometimes most effectively perpetuated by members of the race in question?    If you're interested in a worthy memoir, you'd be hard pressed to make a worse choice than Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother.  If you're looking for parenting advice, try asking a random person on the street.  Their response will almost certainly be more valuable (and kind) than anything Chua has to say.
B003UESJH4|5.0|\\"The King's Speech\\" succeeds in spite of some challenges. First of all, it's not hard to guess how the film ends, as we have never heard of a blown speech of historic proportions. Second, for Americans anyway, the story of King George VI (Liz's Dad), is all but unknown. Then too, the pre-war world, in which the words of kings and queens mattered, is a bit out of reach for most modern viewers Yet in spite of these formidable hurdles, \\"The King's Speech\\" conveys the mindset of the age and makes the audience feel it as well. All it takes are small actions -- Helena Bonham Carter as Queen Mary recoiling just slightly when approached by a commoner; the King's irrational rage at being called by his nickname. The movie also avoids the urge to tart up its subject with gratuitous action. The film is taut and plays close to the vest - taking place as a battle of one man's will against another's and of a man's battle against his own deep-seated fears.<br /><br />At times, the film veered dangerously close to the realm of psychodrama, nearly suggesting that the poor king had only to spill his guts about his miserable childhood in order to be freed from his speech defect. And I don't think that a few shots of bombs and flying aircraft would have hurt. But these are niggling complaints.<br /><br />Colin Firth gave a controlled and intense performance as the king. His relationship with his speech therapist, Lionel Logue, played movingly and brilliantly by Geoffrey Rush, was alternatively tentative and warm. A brilliant film, surely worthy of several Oscars.
B0028MBKVG|5.0|This book is about much more than running.  It is about who we are as human beings.  Born to Run is not only entertaining but thought provoking as well.
B000JIHP88|2.0|My 6 week old likes this mobile. I like the rain forest sounds and adjustable volume (although it only has 2 levels), the remote is convenient, the animals are cute (parrot, tree frog, monkey, and dragonfly). It was relatively easy to install (you will need a small screwdriver to open the battery compartments on the mobile and the remote). It does NOT come with batteries (needs 3 D batteries for the mobile and 2 AA for the remote). Unfortunately, it makes squeaking noises as it rotates and sometimes when I switch it on it will not start rotating, I have to push/pull on the leaves to make it start. If it weren't for these faults I would love this product.
0307408833|5.0|As a health conscious vegan, I don't make baked goods a regular part of my diet. But when I do feel like something sweet and scrumptious, I like to try out new recipes, and though I am new to baking, I truly enjoy the baking process. Though I would never consider pastries a nutrient-dense food, I do appreciate the ability to make healthier substitutions wherever possible in my baking without having the end product taste like I did exactly that. For all that, this cookbook is exactly what I am looking for.    The recipes are unique and fun to make, the cookbook is nicely designed with lots of great pictures, and most importantly, the final product is DELICIOUS! Though I have never been to the author's bakery, I can see why it is so loved. Every recipe I have made has tasted like I bought it in a professional bakery.    The recipes do call for a variety of ingredients, some pricier and more exotic than others, but the author provides some acceptable alternatives in the beginning of the cookbook. I have been able to substitute canola oil for coconut oil in all of my recipes that have called for it so far, and still came out with a great tasting pastry.    Overall, I love that this cookbook gives me easy access to some really fabulous recipes, and I get to impress all kinds of people (vegan or not) with my delicious baking.
B001R4CKGU|3.0|I think this book could be wonderful if you are in the right state of mind for it--which I don't think I was, so instead I was just impatient to finish it.
B000QUEQBS|5.0|This is raw action and real suspense.  I found myself on the edge of my seat and, more importantly, I did not find myself asking why.  If you want phony action, watch Armageddon because you will feel suspense but then ask if what just happened in the movie truly merits your reaction.  In Shooter, you will root for the good guy, laugh at the jokes, and your eyes will not leave the screen.
B0034JKZ86|1.0|I saw preview after preview of this at the D23 expo. I was initially excited as I thought it meant the return of good Disney movies (before Pixar joined) like Lion King, Little Mermaid, Pocahontas, etc. There was so much hype. After watching all the previews there I knew the film sucked.    I saw the film twice. Second time was just because I kept falling asleep while watching it, due to how dull it was, the first time. I thought it might have been just me at the time so I gave it another go. Wish I hadn't.    The characters are really hard to fall in love with. I was annoyed by how one dimensional they were. The film is predictable, The singing was nothing special-- and in fact, I often wonder what happened to the gorgeous singing/orchestra they used to have for the early 90's films. I don't see how kids would enjoy this. There's nothing flashy in there and in this day and age, you really need that. Don't waste your money.
B000SXLL8O|4.0|Mellow mood music at it's finest.  coldplay's Parachutes is haunting, melodic, and dreamy.   here's my run down:      Don't Panic: 4.5/5  short, but never really seems to get old to me. lyrics are thought-provoking and it is a chill song overall.  Shiver: 3/5  gets kind of annoying after a while. i heard this one initially on guitar hero and liked it a lot, but it seems repetitive and long. still a good song for the first few listens.  Spies: 2.5/5  never really got into this song. i think it is a little slow (even for coldplay). i just don't really get it.  Sparks: 5/5  best song on the album, best coldplay song ever, and arguably the best soft rock song of the 21st century in my opinion. a chillingly beautiful masterpiece. i remember hearing this song a couple of times randomly over the past couple years of my life and liking it, but not really paying attention to it. i heard it on Pandora,House (I think), and Wedding Crashers (great movie btw). when i finally found out about this song officially, it became a constant replay. i always feel this unapologetic romantic energy when i hear this song. it is kind of indescribable.  Yellow: 3/5  people need to hop off this song. it's a decent song, but it is way over played.  Trouble: 4.5/5  the whole spider web thing is a little corny to me, but this is a great song regardless. a successful emotional piano ballad.  Parachutes: 4/5  there's always this funny thing about title tracks? do they actually have a purpose? you will have an enjoyable 40 seconds to figure it out.  High Speed: 3/5  i can't really get into this song that much and it sounds a little out of place. i still think it is ok though.  We Never Change: 3.5/5  honestly not sure what to say about this song. i think i respect it more than i like it.  Everything's Not Lost (whatever the hidden tracks name is, forgot it) 4.5/5  song with a good message and got better over time for me. at first i kind of disregarded it because sparks, trouble, and don't panic wereon replay, but after a while i grew to really like this song. it is a great song to listen to when you are sad. especially the hidden track. i listened to this song a ton the day before i moved from the city i had been living in for 16 years of my life, and it was quite the experience.     so to sum things up, get this album, but make sure to be patient. some songs are sluggishly slow, and others are beautiful, but too short.
B004HAG40O|5.0|This is a brilliant and unique album from The Decemberists.  They mix folk and alt. rock with some country flares coming through.  The lyrics are brilliant as always, but the mixture of music is what really does.  There are also some beautiful harmonies where a female country singer is added to wonderful complimentary effect.  Its not the same as their previous, which is what I love about it.  Bands can't stay the same, otherwise you might as well just listen to their old CDs and stop buying the new ones.  The Decemberists add a gem to their great collection of work and I recommend this to anyone.
1400079144|1.0|Seriously.... Either I'm getting more discerning in my reading tastes or Brown is getting lazy.<br /><br />A better, nay, far superior mystery/thriller series:  the Millennium series by Stieg Larsson.  The Millennium books are much better than Brown's Robert Langdon trilogy at building tension, teasing the reader and dropping subtle hints to challenge the reader to anticipate the final confrontation and decipher the whole story ahead of the protagonists. A truly delightful reading experience. Near the end of each Millennium book, I read voraciously, faster and faster, even as I mourned its approach.<br /><br />Reading both series, I dog-eared, underlined and scratched notes in the margin  (but now with Kindle, I just highlight the hell out of the text - LOVE IT).  I soon found with The Lost Symbol, it was more of a chore: \\"ye gads! another Latin phrase, old painting or architectural detail to mark down.\\"  Oh, and still another false cliffhanger!\\" Very soon, reading the Lost Symbol felt like it was a long drawn out slough to the finish.  I kept checking my % read bar at the bottom of the page... argh!  only 65% finished?!<br /><br />Lastly, Brown needs to find alternative descriptions in his next book for:<br /><br />men held powerful stations in life<br />his powerful chest was emblazoned<br />whose quiet manner belied his powerful heritage<br />powerful minds who adorned their new capital with Masonic...<br />concealed powerful secrets<br />Masonry is a powerful organization<br />not sure how powerful the Masons really were<br />the powerfully built blond man<br />symbolized a powerful call to action<br />Langdon felt powerful arms pulling him up<br />a powerful urge to turn and run away<br />powerful people want to steal it from me<br />instantly a powerful arm was wrapped around her torso, pinning her<br />his powerful hands clasped her head tighter<br />but the powerful hands did not budge<br /><br />All the above are direct quotes appearing before the 32% mark in the novel.  I am not exaggerating.  There are more... too many more to list - 224 variations of \\"power\\" to be exact (according to my Kindle text/word search results).  Perhaps I'm not being fair. The book I read just before Lost Symbol was another Dan Brown novel - Deception Point. After about 101 similar hackneyed uses of \\"power\\" or its derivatives, (I don't use that word lightly here!) I was already feeling testy. The paper edition of Lost Symbol is 656 pages; that's one \\"power\\" or a derivative every 2.9 pages.  That there's some powerful imagery!<br /><br />Nevertheless I read the whole thing.  Like the characters in the old TV advertizements; I need an Alka Seltzer.ariations of \\"power\\" to be exact (according to my Kindle text/word search results).  Perhaps I'm not being fair. The book I read just before Lost Symbol was another Dan Brown novel - Deception Point. After about 101 similar hackneyed uses of \\"power\\" or its derivatives, (I don't use that word lightly here!) I was already feeling testy. The paper edition of Lost Symbol is 656 pages; that's one \\"power\\" or a derivative every 2.9 pages.  That there's some powerful imagery!    Nevertheless I read the whole thing.  Like the characters in the old TV advertizements; I need an Alka Seltzer.
B001TWT0AE|4.0|I am trying to put together a collection of classic western films and this one came to my attention, even though it is not on the usual list of greatest westerns. John Wayne will not disappoint, as he plays as expected. He gets his man as usual, but in this film loses the girl to James Stewart, who plays the the role of the easterner who comes west (which he will play again in other movies).  In fact, his role is the central story of the film, and he plays it with gusto -- a pleasure to watch him.  Andy Devine is there for comedy, but who really needs it? But you will not forget Lee Marvin as the town bully, Liberty Valance. He is as mean as they get and looks the part. One interesting touch is the role of Wayne's sidekick (manservant?), a black actor whose name is not mentioned on the DVD that I have.  Subordinate (very) but there is a nice scene where Wayne insists that he be served in the saloon. The time period is probably post civil war era. The film gets my vote for including in a best western film collection.
B003VANOFY|4.0|I've had the G930 for a week. Here's my impressions:    - I'm using it on a Mac and the side buttons control iTunes forward, back, and play/pause buttons. No driver install required (or even offered).  - Mic quality in TF2 is good.  - Build quality is top-notch.  - Audio quality for gaming or music is excellent. Better than my wireless Sennheisers. There's no static at all, and they don't time-out like my wireless Sennheisers did that caused ear-blasting static after two minutes of inactivity.  - The G930 fits VERY tightly. I don't have a large head. I have an average to small sized head and these things gave me a headache because it's squeezing my head like a vice and it really hurts after about an hour of gaming.  - With the tight fitment issue being said, you can \\"stretch out\\" the headset for a more relaxed fit by placing it over something wider than your head when you're not using it. I left it like this for about 24 hours and the fitment is still tight but not painful anymore.    All in all it's a great headset but I wish Logitech had included a way to adjust the width because it's made for very narrow heads. Fortunately, it's nothing that can't be helped by the method I posted above.
B001DJ7PR8|2.0|Being a writer myself, I'm constantly told to \\"show, don't tell\\" when I write. And then I see a film like this, narrated head to toe, and I wonder if there are 2 sets of advice.<br /><br />It it like having a short story read to you.
B002KT3XH6|4.0|Of all the books I've read on this topic, this is my favorite.  I really enjoyed the chronological presentation and appreciated the depth of research aimed at getting at the truth.    I was surprised to learn that Henry VIII had doubts about his marriage to Katherine of Aragon even before he married her.  I had always given short shrift to Henry's concerns over the succession.  Put in a historical context, given what the country had been through for the years prior to Henry VII, his son's fears seem less like a pretext to rid himself of the old queen and get himself a new one. I appreciated the author clarifying these things.  I appreciated her willingness to go where the evidence led and not allow popular misconceptions to stand.  I really, REALLY highly recommend this book for anyone interested in the Tudors.    I took a star away for the feminist preaching about the treatment of women in the 16th century.  Women have been treated unfairly throughout history - we all get it.  Must we continue to gnash out teeth over it?  Having said that, it was interesting to note that women were actually seen as morally weaker than men.  Hmmm.      Congratulations to the author on this great work.  I know its not a new book, but it was new to me.  Well done.
0307450570|3.0|This book immediately caught my attention by its bright colors and Martha's ability to make a craft out of everything. Although it's a little pricey, I'm excited to have this in my collection.
0525423273|3.0|Doesn't this book have the gorgeous cover ever? I think it is pretty. Besides reading tons of good reviews, the cover was the other reason why I picked this book. I thought the book would be extraordinary--beautiful writing, heartwarming story, and awesome characters. BUT... it wasn't that great. It was good but not great. After all that raving, I expected a story that can shake me to the core. That wasn't the case! But, I can totally relate to Anna in many ways but I expected the story to be more than that.<br /><br />The story becomes boring in the middle. There was nothing that I could laugh out loud about--no witty comebacks between characters, for instance--or anything that I can feel pity for. The book was simply CASUAL--nothing was different from most YA fictions.  I couldn't point out a single thing about Anna that made me hold my breath; or any of the interaction she had with St. Claire, or any of her friends. On the other hand, it had a great setting and the characters were well-developed. And, yes, amazing book cover!<br /><br />On the whole, I expected more from this book, but it was a bummer. But I won't give up on Perkins.
B002ZG999U|4.0|Great movie with lots of action scenes. Great guy movie with all the best action stars in it!! Bought for my dad for christmas. My husband and him both loved it!!
B004H83IG4|3.0|This pains me, since there is something within this film that is so amazing I feel it needs to be regarded as such, but three stars, while not awful, is certainly telling to the quality of this film as a whole.<br /><br />Does that make sense?<br /><br />First, the movie.  The film follows the true story (as much can be true in a film `inspired' by real events) of David Marks, a troubled young man looking for ways to rebel against a family that controls his every move (subconsciously, which is the best way).  When David meets and falls for Katie, it seems as though his life may start to iron out.  He walks away from his father `real estate' clutches and ventures off into a life all his own with Katie, but darkness erodes all happiness when David allows his father's manipulations to reel him back to New York, back into life in the Marks' family.  All tumbles downhill, rather rapidly, when familial tendencies begin to separate David and Katie until, one day, Katie disappears.<br /><br />For me, it is this point of the film where things start to just derail.  I understand the whole `inspired by real events' angle, and so I encourage even the bizarre, but the `made for TV' way in which the films later scenes are shot take away from the terror one should feel and actually gives this film a `Lifetime' movie feeling.<br /><br />The film does a 180, from decently engrossing thriller to complete disaster.<br /><br />So, this leaves one thing to be discussed...the very reason for which the films first half is so stellar; Kirsten Dunst.  I recently wrote an entry for my blog about the amazingness that was Kirsten Dunst in this film, and so I'm just going to quote that here (slightly doctored to reflect this review and not the article I initially wrote).<br /><br />\\"Then we have Kirsten Dunst, who just marvels with all sorts of layered emotional relevance in `All Good Things'.  Talk about a brilliant performance in a really bad film.  Kirsten plays Katie Marks, a real person (come on Oscar, why aren't you biting) who disappeared, `allegedly' at the hands of her deranged husband.  The one thing that Dunst's character, and performance, has (in spades) is serious emotional collapse.  One blogger mentioned that you could see Kirsten visibly age as she uncovers the truth about her husband.  I totally concur with this explanation of her devastatingly real performance.  As she slowly uncovers realities surrounding the family she's married into, you can see a hollowness erode her beautiful features.  She remains human despite the dramatic overtones (she never resorts to Hollywood's overtly obvious understanding of melodramatic `emoting') and delivers a quietly natural performance.  When she does unleash her suffering, it is with haunting desperation.  She completely collapses within her character's knowledge.  It's just a shame the film collapses the moment she leaves it.\\"<br /><br />Yeah, that pretty much sums it all up.  She acts circles around the rest of the cast, including Ryan Gosling, who suffers from poor character development (the script seems to skeletal when all is said and done) and really bad makeup.  I wish I could say skip the film, but you need to at least watch the films first half.  The moment Dunst leaves the scene though, you can take your exit as well.  The film just can't recover from such a tragic loss.peared, `allegedly' at the hands of her deranged husband.  The one thing that Dunst's character, and performance, has (in spades) is serious emotional collapse.  One blogger mentioned that you could see Kirsten visibly age as she uncovers the truth about her husband.  I totally concur with this explanation of her devastatingly real performance.  As she slowly uncovers realities surrounding the family she's married into, you can see a hollowness erode her beautiful features.  She remains human despite the dramatic overtones (she never resorts to Hollywood's overtly obvious understanding of melodramatic `emoting') and delivers a quietly natural performance.  When she does unleash her suffering, it is with haunting desperation.  She completely collapses within her character's knowledge.  It's just a shame the film collapses the moment she leaves it.\\"    Yeah, that pretty much sums it all up.  She acts circles around the rest of the cast, including Ryan Gosling, who suffers from poor character development (the script seems to skeletal when all is said and done) and really bad makeup.  I wish I could say skip the film, but you need to at least watch the films first half.  The moment Dunst leaves the scene though, you can take your exit as well.  The film just can't recover from such a tragic loss.
0805209999|3.0|\\"Someone must have slandered Josef K., for one morning, without having done anything wrong, he was arrested.\\" So begins the Trial. This book for its opening line would get five stars, for story - five stars, for the depictions of scenes - five stars, for every piece in and among itself this book should get five stars.  I love the feeling I get when I read it. The totalitarian government, the bureaucratic and surreal nature of the situation, the helplessness of the the protagonist, I love it all. Everything the five star rating crowd on this forum said is absolutely true, and even understated. I had never any Kafka before this and went to get the Metamorphosis after watching District 9, and for whatever reason I got this one instead.<br /><br />By the time you get to this review, you have probably read most of the others. As somebody who liked this book, the one thing the five star crowd does not tell you is this is a hard read. The story proper is 231, pages not lengthy by any stretch, the language is about as simple as I could ask for, you could finish this in six or so hours. I took it in two chunks of four hours each night. But looking back, it felt a bit like playing World of Warcraft: the beginning was a breeze - even fun, then around level 25 (or page 50, here) you get to the journey and the meat of the story, then at some point it becomes work. Not fun anymore, you just want to get to the end and see what happens. At more than one point, I actually felt like the 60-70 level grind through the Burning Crusade and like when I just about gave up Warcraft, this was literally the hardest book I have actually finished. One other minor thing, such as one other night over the one I chose to read this, I would have given up.<br /><br />Who would I recommend this to? Actually a lot of people, as i said in the beginning, this is a book that in all aspects is great: its just there is something missing in the sum of all the parts. Literally, I loved everything about it, except reading it. It may be the translation that sucks. So let's start with who I would not recommend it to, that list is shorter. The casual reader probably should skip this. If you like weird mind screws like two men getting flogged in a vault, it is a great scene early on, then you would like this, it only gets better from there, as Josef starts to descend into the plot.<br /><br />It is strange to say, this is the only book I would that I am proud that I finished, and will definitely pick up some more of his work especially Metamorphosis, and the Castle. I have I feeling that it will be well worth it, like Wrath of the Lich King made all the work of Burning Crusade worth it. Send my regards to Cataclysm.cept reading it. It may be the translation that sucks. So let's start with who I would not recommend it to, that list is shorter. The casual reader probably should skip this. If you like weird mind screws like two men getting flogged in a vault, it is a great scene early on, then you would like this, it only gets better from there, as Josef starts to descend into the plot.<br /><br />It is strange to say, this is the only book I would that I am proud that I finished, and will definitely pick up some more of his work especially Metamorphosis, and the Castle. I have I feeling that it will be well worth it, like Wrath of the Lich King made all the work of Burning Crusade worth it. Send my regards to Cataclysm.
B00488I8O0|1.0|Just received this and it is going back for a full refund.    Despite the clearly stated description, this was a simple digipak of just the CD (still posted as such as of this writing, 2/2/11): \\"UK Classic Rock Magazine exclusively features the British Hard Rock band's 2010 album The World is Yours. The 'Motorhead Pack' features the album in exclusive format and comes with a collectors edition 132 page deluxe magazine + A1 poster and metal pin badge! Motorhead, the legendary British Rock band formed in 1975 are this year celebrating their 35th anniversary and the 65th birthday of their iconic founding member Ian `Lemmy_EKilmister by releasing their 20th studio album. The supporting magazine is the official companion to the album featuring exclusive interviews with the band and charts the history of one of the world's most iconic rock bands whilst also providing the definitive liner notes on the recording of their new masterpiece.\\"    This is not a knock on Motorhead, this is about truth in advertising in what is being offered here.
0439023521|5.0|An AMAZING book!  I had to make it through the first chapter or two before I knew I loved it (although the first two chapters were decent).  The book is simply amazing!  I couldn't put it down.  I read the 375 pages in 4 days, which is REALLY fast for me compared to the last 375 page book I read in 4 months!   Collins does a great job describing the characters and really makes you care about them.  HIGHLY recommended!!
0446677450|5.0|Some books don't keep my attention but with me starting a business I heard this was a great motivational book. I could not put this book down and I learned a lot. If you are thinking about getting this book do it and you will be glad you did.
0316286869|5.0|Wonderful book! A must have in your library! Seller responds quickly and ships FAST!!!  Thanks for all your help!<br />Jen G
B003UESJH4|5.0|Understated. Gripping. Powerful. In other words, royal in the best sense of this term. \\"The King's Speech\\" is nominated for 12 Oscars and, judging by the Golden Globes and the Screen Actors Guild Awards, appears well on its way to winning most of those. Bully, I say.   \\"The King's Speech\\" is a great story because it's a true story. Colin Firth plays the verbally challenged King George VI, father of Great Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, the world's longest reigning monarch (1952-present).  Helena Bonham Carter plays George VI's wife known to those of us born after 1952 as the lovable Queen Mum.   Geoffrey Rush is the deadpan glue of the film. His portrayal of Lionel Logue is magnificent, showing us that this Australian \\"nobody\\" was the glue of the British Empire during a critical period, performing a vital secret service for His Majesty.   Logue comes off as a masterful psychiatrist (and one without a license or any government-controlled schooling in the subject. Wow, imagine that, President Obama). Logue knew that George VI couldn't be cured by anybody but a friend, somebody the king related to as an equal.  The friendship of \\"Bertie\\" and Lionel was the secret behind the British people's stout-hearted fight against Nazism during World War II (Churchill helped a bit, too).   Another great dig at the culture of \\"experts\\" - Non-doctor Lionel says the doctors are idiots for recommending smoking to George VI. King: \\"But they're all knighted.\\" Logue: \\"Well, that makes it official then.\\"   Considering the elitist societies that Western countries are degenerating into, the king's reaction to learning of Logue's lack of credentials can't be overemphasized. King George makes a decision that shows him to be a great statesman and loyal friend. An elected politician, especially one of today, likely wouldn't have been as brave.   King Edward VIII's relationship with American Wallis Simpson is handled well. Lionel (delivering a wonderful deadpan line about the inadequacy of \\"QueenWallis of Baltimore, Maryland\\") and Bertie make a vital point about how public admissions of sexuality yield bitter harvests in the lives of nations. Edward VIII's \\"honesty\\" and \\"love\\" nearly unhinged the UK.   Lionel: \\"Can't they just carry on in private?\\"   Bertie (King George): \\"If only they'd do that.\\"   Queen Elizabeth II's moral uprightness and long reign of peace and tranquility (including the worthwhile end of empire) go hand and hand. Prince Charles and his sons also seem to be following the fine example set by King George VI. As the British people and the world think about succession, we should be inspired by the king's courage in dealing with the past and future as both of them came flying at him all at once. We should also recall (see Book of Genesis) that G-d's greatest gift to mankind and the thing that sets us apart from the animal world is the power of speech. \\"The King's Speech\\" is a forever vehicle for learning and relearning these vital truths.
1592402038|5.0|Lynne Truss sets you straight on using punctuation correctly while making you laugh your butt off. Her basic point of the book is to show the reader (and writer) that the incorrect use of puntuation is all around us - and at an alarming rate. And she teaches it in a way that is both easy to read and comprehend. Not only does she cover much on the use of the apostraphe and comma, but also on the use of the colon, semicolon, dash, hyphen, question mark, quotation mark, ellipsis, parentheses, brackets, (sic), and anything else I missed.<br /><br />The book not only tightens up - If you need it - your use of punctuation in writing, but also shows you WHY you should use punctuation. And she teaches it by sometimes using stories. Such as: a man who avoided being hanged by proving he was being unjustly convicted by a law in the way it was literally written (Hanged by a comma). Also, for the historian, she teaches you where punctuation marks come from and how they evolved.<br /><br />Keeping with the times, she touches on emoticons and their use in e-mails and such. But, she also gives you something very profound to think about, and that is the use of punctuation is necessary because it forces you to think, read, and write critically and not to do so would basically be doing yourself an intellectual injustice. At least, that is how I interpreted her final chapter.<br /><br />In conclusion, this books answered very clearly all of my questions on the proper use of punctuation; questions that I felt every writer some how magically knew and that I didn't. This is one of those books (at least for me) that I said to myself how glad I was to have read it.
B000002LRX|1.0|Why are we still reviewing this? For that matter, why are you even selling this, Amazon? \\"Angel Dust\\" was years ago exposed as a mere corporate stunt and, even if you've been stuck under a rock, comes off as an awkward exercise nearly 20 years later. An exercise that, frankly, Suzanne Somers wouldn't even try with a Thighmaster.<br /><br />So, if somehow you didn't already know, I'll give you the Cliff Notes of the \\"Angel Dust\\" debacle: The year was 1992 and Geffen Records pimp David Geffen had just broken up with Warner Bros. Records chief Mo Ostin, after catching him fooling around with Lorne Michaels and the Artist Who I Think Is Currently Known As Prince in the \\"crystal baths\\" at the Burbank YMCA. After Ostin learned that Geffen was \\"on the rebound\\" with then-Disney boss Michael Ovitz, he set out to deflect the \\"grunge\\" movement by signing Body Count and (you guessed it) Faith No More, pumped methamphetamine vapor into the studio and dressed them in Run-D.M.C. outfits for photo shoots. However, Geffen countered with Guns N' Roses' \\"The Spaghetti Incident?\\" and won the round through the sheer WTF factor alone.<br /><br />And I gotta hand it to Mike Patton, boy does he try on this Jason Voorhees version of suburban soul -- what with his ever-earnest aural gymnastics (see the militant, Tone Loc-flecked \\"A Small Victory\\") -- but it's like Bill Bixby channeling Constantin Stanislavski in \\"The Incredible Hulk,\\" the rest of the cast molesting the proceedings like a nun wearing a confederate smock to an Al Sharpton barbecue.<br /><br />If I may, I'd like to sum up some of the \\"stoner critiques\\" that have come before mine so you don't have to go through the torture of reading them yourself. You're welcome.<br /><br />A closet opera freak by the name of S. Janowski ambled out of hibernation a mere 15 days ago to chisel out an ode to this inspiration for screamo, in which he basically states \\"Angel Dust\\" is one of the best albums since music began because the songs are great. A genuine genius analysis, sir! Ranger92175 admits he is such a pothead that he can never make it past the first three songs before losing consciousness, although he still gives it the requisite 5 stars. N. Hall shares a term paper he wrote in community college with us which made my head hurt. Christopher Roche \\"real gone\\" shares how listening to the album made him so psychotic that he thought Mike Patton should have been the one with an amusement park in his backyard and a detachable nose, always hanging out with homeless kids in Bangladesh. Et cetera.sir! Ranger92175 admits he is such a pothead that he can never make it past the first three songs before losing consciousness, although he still gives it the requisite 5 stars. N. Hall shares a term paper he wrote in community college with us which made my head hurt. Christopher Roche \\"real gone\\" shares how listening to the album made him so psychotic that he thought Mike Patton should have been the one with an amusement park in his backyard and a detachable nose, always hanging out with homeless kids in Bangladesh. Et cetera.
B002W5UVSM|5.0|A truly great satire in the tradition of Tom Jones And Huck Finn. The tragedy of Toole's suicide robbbed the world of a great writer and commentator on the human condition.  Favorite character: Myrna The Minx.  Favorite Scene: the short lived hot dog cart job
0241141125|3.0|I ordered this item with the book and plush toy and what was sent was only the board book.  I received an e-mail from the supplier on my satisfaction and notified them immediately of the error. The correct set was never sent nor was I credited on my account for the item.  This is very poor business on the part of the supplier.  I am going to try again to get this item resolved.
B002Q9MZF6|5.0|Anyone who believes that opera cannot successfully be translated to the screen needs to see this film. It is an absolutely gorgeous presentation, well sung, well acted and beautifully photographed. Unlike a Broadway musical transferred to film, nothing here has been expanded or changed. Scene locales remain the same with just enough added shots to cover musical transitions. And being a film, it has the advantage of close ups. We can see Mimi gradually become ill and know when she comes in the door of that final scene that she is near death just by looking at her. I rarely cry at the end of operas, but this brought me to tears. We are able to see grief on the faces of the entire cast and Rodolfo's reaction is real and genuine, not overdone. The widescreen presentation makes full use of the sets, picture quality is great and the sound crystal clear. See this film!
B00275EHJG|5.0|I am a huge fan of the Toy Story, and this does not disappoint.  The whole gang is in there and it is such a wonderful family movie.  Although this Grandma does not need her grandchildren to be present to watch and fully enjoy!  To infinite fun and beyond...
B0037UUZQY|3.0|Although she is easier to find than the Disney Store doll, this Rapunzel is more like a Barbie than the character. While her hair is long, it falls out pretty easily, and you should be prepared to have a handful of it after the first brushing. Her dress, even after some play time, still has indents from the packaging. It also isn't as nice as the Disney Store one. Overall, it is a cute doll, and if it's the only one you can get and you need a Tangled Rapunzel Movie doll, go ahead. But she is a lot cheaper at the local Walmart.
B00002N9ER|5.0|Handy clips to mount a D sized Mag-light.  I use them in the side saddle of my truck and it keeps the flashlight handy!
B000BYCAJE|5.0|This first recording of the Woodstock Trio really defines the mid 60's Love & Peace music era. Musically speaking, everything on this album was done brilliantly! The harmonies of these three magical musicians are what transcends the entire album. Every song is composed differently however the theme of the album remains constant, which is the coming together of individuals to create & share an experience. Great lyrics, harmonies and excellent musicianship makes this an album that can be listened to forever. Time transcending!   My favorite on this album is \\"Guinnevere\\".   I like this album better then the sequel with Young.
0312600844|2.0|Most of the critics have praised \\"Freedom\\", a novel by Jonathan Franzen, and the book is on the best sellers list. Moreover, Oprah Book Club has also chosen it as a selection.  All this information impressed me so much that I thought I must read Freedom, but after reading the first half of the book, my impulse was that either I am crazy or the critics are crazy. The disappointment and the shock were too much for me.  However, I managed to read on and found there were some good passages in it.  Overall, the novel has no plot, is too long, and very seldom rouses the reader's curiosity.  Mr. Franzen sketches a picture of the life in a white upper middle class dysfunctional family, and I must concede does so with keen observation providing some realistic details in portraying the various characters. Unfortunately, nearly all the characters he depicts, lead their lives in a chaotic and confused way, without any structure, purpose or goal, any moral values, any discipline or commitments. There is a never ending, search for love and sexual pleasure. Patty, the mother is always restless, and hankers after something very vague.  She experiences a vacuum in her life, but does not know why it is there or with what or how should she fill it.  She runs after a successful, famous musician, who does not respect women and who just wants to use them for the momentary sexual thrill. The characters think infidelity and telling lies are the norms and they very seldom experience any qualms of conscience. They are weak willed and selfish to the core, though I may add, none of them acts in any villainous manner.    Mr. Franzen has taken a freehand describing the sexual activity of various kinds leaving nothing to the imagination.  Too many pages are devoted to explicit detail about the sexual act, which does not enhance or contribute to the narrative or appeal of the novel.  The author obviously does not believe the readers can use their imagination and fill in the blanks themselves not needing such explicit description of every sexual act.  Despite all the negative aspects, I may add, there are also some redeeming moments in this novel.  Walter Berglund, a lawyer and the head of his dysfunctional family, exhibits good behavior in some very trying situations.  He is given the task of educating the public regarding certain world problems such as overpopulation, global warming, eco system, disappearance of cerulean birds and other species, and industrial pollution.  Mr. Franzen has committed many pages discussing Walter's struggle to solve these problems, and does so in an interesting manner and I find the discussions rather educational.  I applaud the writer for discussing such matters in his book.  Walter loves his wife and his children dearly but gives them too much freedom with very little guidance.  Loving without disciplining the children leads to failure and that is what we read in this book.  Overall, I have mixed feelings about this book. It has disappointed me at most places but a few passages have also riveted me and I wish the author had cut down the size of the novel by at least some 200 pages.
0061726826|5.0|The Short of It:<br />Lauren Oliver's second novel is stunning. A high-concept dystopia, but through the lens of her quiet pacing and luscious prose, somehow less dark, but just as profound and disturbing. It's [[ASIN:0452284236 Nineteen Eighty-Four]], but entwined and eclipsed by [[ASIN:073642198X Sleeping Beauty]] and [[ASIN:1936041332 Romeo and Juliet]]. Oliver gives us remarkably true characters, a languid, feel-it-on-your-skin final summer of innocence wrapped in a bewitchingly uncomplicated plot. More than that, she gives us every inch the experience of falling in love. This is the book you won't want to put down, but it's also the one you'll find yourself slowing and stalling to try to draw the experience out and avoid the inevitable \\"The End\\".<br /><br />Rating:<br />\\"Do not miss out on this experience!\\" Especially Recommended for fans of [[ASIN:0525423648 Matched]], [[ASIN:0439023491 Catching Fire]], and [[ASIN:0689865384 Uglies]].  You might also like the upcoming [[ASIN:1442421258 Possession]].<br /><br />The Review:<br />I was positively enchanted by this book. If I thought it was enough to motivate you, I'd leave it at that. That would be my review, and you would all run out and get it so you could experience that sense of enchantment for yourselves. I'd much prefer to just let the book work it's magic on you. But, since I know the world doesn't really work that way, I've been sitting with it for a couple of weeks now trying to figure out how to convey just how much I adored this book without either a) cheapening it or b) telling you too many details about what I loved about the book and therefore spoiling the surprise of it.  Because I think one of the things I enjoyed most about Delirium was how much it managed to surprise me.  The surprise came in many forms. It would be pretty simple to chalk it up to the dystopian factor.  Yes, I happen to love dystopian fiction, I always have.  Except, as a dystopian story the base plot itself, is actually pretty standard fare;  but, layered on top of that base plot is so much poetry.  The characters, the language, the descriptions, the little quiet moments, the subtle but game-changing twists and an ending that will pull the breath from your lungs. I dare you to not fall in love with this book.<br /><br />The Concept:<br />Imagine a world where love is considered a disease.  With a cure.  Not only is the concept fresh, Oliver manages to draw on so many of our modern-day fears and assumptions to make this into an eerily plausible dystopia.<br /><br />\\"It's hard not to be afraid while I'm still uncured, though so far the deliria hasn't touched me yet. Still, I worry. They say that in the old days, love drove people to madness. The deadliest of all deadly things: It kills you both when you have it and when you don't.\\"<br /><br />The roots of this particular dystopia are omnipresent.  We as a species have always been pretty inventive at finding ways to not have to deal with pain. There is something appealing to the idea of knowing you'll never have to hurt again.  Never have to feel emotional pain.  Never know the ache of longing or loneliness or regret.  There are days I think, for each of us, when a cure sounds pretty freakin' good. The cure technology may be different today, less permanent: drugs, alcohol, work, exercise, the internet - anything to keep from feeling...human enough to be hurt. Throw in a dash of our ever-increasing tendency to pathologize and you can see people buying into this, if even just a little bit.<br /><br />The Story:<br />The heart of the story though, really takes place amongst this contrast between the madness of being in love and the apathy and dissociation that these people experience after the procedure.  This is another place where Oliver gets things dead right I think. If love is madness, the cure is the ultimate drug.<br /><br />But, the dystopian story, at least for me, took a bit of a back-seat to the love story in this one. This is Lena'sstory.  It's about pain, and loss, and family and perception, but overwhelmingly, it's a book about first love. About the experience of it, the look of it, the meaning of it, the taste of it, the consequences of it, the language of it, and, yes - the madness of it.  The book paces a little slowly at first, giving an appropriate distinction to the feeling of everything speeding up once Alex and Lena start to fall for one another. And also, I think, to the complacency that is all around Lena as the story starts.  I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of the story.  And where it broke out and surprised me, it did so in big, grand, earth-shattering ways.<br /><br />The Characters:<br />Nearly all of Delirium's character's were intriguing in some way.  Even those who have been \\"cured\\" and whose emotions have been stripped away manage to have a story to tell.  Mostly I felt sorry for them, which is again a tribute to Oliver's writing.  These characters could have so easily come across as dead and flat, but they don't.  The book teems with a host of other minor characters that are worth getting to know for yourself.  I have a feeling several will have larger roles to play as the series progresses.<br /><br />As for the three main characters in this book, Lena, our heroine is so innocent at the beginning of this book, and I instantly loved her for it.  This innocence (even in a 17 yr old) was so real, so right because of the closed and monitored environment in which she was raised.  She's also highly relatable because she's not only awkward and damaged, she has this spark of intelligence and a deep instinct to question what she sees.  Traits we might take for granted as simply human, but which in Lena's world are a product of the unique circumstances that have occurred in her life before the story begins.  She's also admirable as a character who manages to take action, despite her overwhelming fears.<br /><br />Alex and Hana manage to be remarkable for other reasons.  Alex, as the love interest is pretty much the perfect guy. This would be annoying if he didn't have such an interesting story to tell himself and if I didn't come away feeling that Lena both needed and deserved a guy like that.  And ok, admittedly I think I fell in love with him just a bit myself.  There's that part of me that's still holding out for her Prince Charming and feeds on characters like Alex that make me think that maybe there really are a few good guys like that out there. But honestly, the story doesn't have as much of an emotional payoff if you don't fall in love with Alex just a bit.  Hana, gorgeous and privileged is the best friend we all wish we had.  She's not perfect however, and that was what I liked most about her character.  I'm very curious to see where she ends up in book two.<br /><br />The Series:<br />Can I just say bravo to Ms. Oliver for writing a series starter the way a series should be written. Yes, there are some huge things that happen at the end of the story that leave you wondering what happens next, but this story is also completely capable of standing on it's own. I didn't feel ripped off at the end.  I didn't feel like I had wasted hours reading a book just to get a rewarded with something akin to,  \\"just kidding, the good stuff all happens in the next book...or the one after that\\". I was left  in tears at the perfection of the ending, satisfied, but still hungry for more. The second book in the series, Pandemonium will be out in 2012, with the final installment, Requiem due in 2013.  You can bet I'll be first in line to pick up the sequel's to this one.<br /><br />Cover Story: A<br />Can we say we love it, adore it, worship it, or would that be a bit clich&eacute;d in this case? Clich&eacute;s be damned. I'm in love. This book goes on sale today, and I haven't held the finished product in my hands but peeps -  did you know that this is a cutaway cover?  Yep, you get to peel away the blue to actually see the model underneath. I reallylike the cover just as we've been seeing it (above), just giving us a glimpse of what might be hidden there.  But, I was pleasantly surprised with the image of the cover model as well, while she's not exactly how I had pictured Lena, I love that she's not the typical Abercrombette either. And the whole idea of the cover itself, very much a finding the beauty hiding within motif.  It's pretty damn perfect.<br /><br />*Review copy courtesy of Harper Teen did not affect my opinion on this book in any way.<br />**This review originally appeared on Aurelia 2/1/2011eresting story to tell himself and if I didn't come away feeling that Lena both needed and deserved a guy like that.  And ok, admittedly I think I fell in love with him just a bit myself.  There's that part of me that's still holding out for her Prince Charming and feeds on characters like Alex that make me think that maybe there really are a few good guys like that out there. But honestly, the story doesn't have as much of an emotional payoff if you don't fall in love with Alex just a bit.  Hana, gorgeous and privileged is the best friend we all wish we had.  She's not perfect however, and that was what I liked most about her character.  I'm very curious to see where she ends up in book two.    The Series:  Can I just say bravo to Ms. Oliver for writing a series starter the way a series should be written. Yes, there are some huge things that happen at the end of the story that leave you wondering what happens next, but this story is also completely capable of standing on it's own. I didn't feel ripped off at the end.  I didn't feel like I had wasted hours reading a book just to get a rewarded with something akin to,  \\"just kidding, the good stuff all happens in the next book...or the one after that\\". I was left  in tears at the perfection of the ending, satisfied, but still hungry for more. The second book in the series, Pandemonium will be out in 2012, with the final installment, Requiem due in 2013.  You can bet I'll be first in line to pick up the sequel's to this one.    Cover Story: A  Can we say we love it, adore it, worship it, or would that be a bit clichd in this case? Clichs be damned. I'm in love. This book goes on sale today, and I haven't held the finished product in my hands but peeps -  did you know that this is a cutaway cover?  Yep, you get to peel away the blue to actually see the model underneath. I really like the cover just as we've been seeing it (above), just giving us a glimpse of what might be hidden there.  But, I was pleasantly surprised with the image of the cover model as well, while she's not exactly how I had pictured Lena, I love that she's not the typical Abercrombette either. And the whole idea of the cover itself, very much a finding the beauty hiding within motif.  It's pretty damn perfect.    *Review copy courtesy of Harper Teen did not affect my opinion on this book in any way.  **This review originally appeared on Aurelia 2/1/2011
B000AJIF4E|4.0|These headphones sound incredible.  i've discovered layers to songs that i'd been hearing for years that i didn't know were there.  I've only minor complaints about these headphones -- 1) i experienced ear fatigue after about 30 mins with this set of headphones; but i think maybe my head is big. ha. no really.  2) i just do not like the curly cord; sure wish it would have been a regular cord and slightly shorter.  Soundwise, however, this is a great buy -- and i would buy them again.  Sony rules.
B002RI9PKO|5.0|I found \\"Outliers\\" by Malcolm Gladwell to be an outstanding read, so much so that I am now going to read the rest of his publications.
0375842209|5.0|I stumbled upon this book simply by exploring the amazon e-books top 100 lists and was, prior to this purchase, unfamiliar with the author.  I am so so so glad I purchased this book.  It was an absolutely wonderful, beautiful story and so well told.  I love the narration--it added a bit of a twist to the book.  It's definitely a bit sad but given the subject matter and time frame, fittingly so.  I believe it provides an interesting insight into this period of history.  I will definitely be purchasing this author's other books and recommending this one to my friends!
0879309210|5.0|Trully a bible for the ones who want mantaine ou repair their guitars at home !!   It really worth the money ...
B0049GYXDG|5.0|The movie and sound quality are great. My only issue is that I can now purchase this same Blu-ray Title on Disney.com or at Target for only $9.99
1416562605|5.0|A fascinating insight into the desperate survival choices that impoverished Indians make behind the affluence of India's rising stars. We must of course remind ourselves that \\"The plural of anecdote is not data.\\" (Roger Brinner) and explicitly imaginary anecdotes at that.  Nevertheless, we find it hard to resist the power of the story to stand as an explanation for what we then subsequently read in the news.  Novels are indeed one of the powerful shaping forces behind our world view and philosophy.<br />A passionate and exiciting read.
1597801585|5.0|This novel is so good that you will take the 6 train instead of the 4/5 to work just to read more of it.  Then you will stop before proceeding to a next chapter just so you can leave some novel left to read the next day.  I am an on again off again fan of sci-fi.  Often times I don't find that the writers meet up to the current expectations of great fiction (e.g., White Tiger or Oscar Wao, among others).  This novel, however, will not disappoint you.  Does it have some resemblance to other sci-fi? Yes, but what great novel doesn't beg borrow or steal from the great novels before its time?  You will not regret this purchase.  And with it, you will get new words for your vocabulary, including, Calorie Man, Gi-bu-sen, Heechy Keechy, blister rust, anchor pad, and of course the \\"Wind Up\\".  The concepts laid out here in an extremely entertaining way will keep you awake thinking and coming back for more.  Jump on the 6 train, but don't read too many chapters at one.
B00005RDCA|5.0|Great cd of a fantastic set of music. The inclusion of the single (mono) recordings is an added bonus. Some great licks from Marty Balin, who has a great voice and could write some awsome lyrics.
020530902X|5.0|After many years of private school, four years of college, and three years of law school, this book did more for my writing style than I had achieved in the many previous years.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book to anyone who has a few minutes a day to put towards enhancing the essential skill of writing. People who know how to write well notice when others do not. Poor writing style is distracting and harmful to the writer's impact on his or her audience. This book will help you avoid these issues.<br /><br />Pick up a copy or two. I leave one at home and one in my office. I have also given a couple away to interns who are gifted individuals, but just needed the extra push to break into excellence.
1401322336|5.0|Jamie is known for using simple ingredients and making mouthwatering meals.  Have just tried the fish in pancetta recipe.  It is absolutely delicious and so simple to make.  I am delighted that I bought this book.  I do not consider myself in any way a knowledgable cook and really appreciate the guidance on purchasing good fish, meats and so forth.  Jamie writes clearly and treats everybody as a potentially capable chef.  I am very happy with the results so far.
0143116177|5.0|A very readable introduction to the \\"dismal science\\" of economics.  The book is full of fascinating anecdotes explaining how innovations in the use of money influenced social or political history. It ends with an explicit and extended analogy between the \\"ascent of money\\" and evolutionary processes which leaves open the question of whether money is prosthetic enhancement or a cancer....
B003EI2EH2|4.0|\\"Avoid all methods with a high failure rate.\\" ~Timothy Ferriss<br /><br />When I bought the Kindle version of this book I was not thinking that anyone could get the perfect body in four hours. I was however curious as to why this book was a bestseller. It turns out that Timothy Ferriss writes in a very entertaining way and has some interesting methods for losing weight and gaining muscle. There are also chapters on swimming and baseball.<br /><br />Yes this book does seem designed mostly for men and the chapter on sex focuses mainly on giving females pleasure. Unlike other people I did not find this section offensive. I guess I just thought Timothy Ferriss' method of learning about women was a little controversial.<br /><br />The section of the book I found most intriguing was the diet section. To be honest it sounds a lot like the Atkins diet. I wish there had been more information and more food choices. Timothy Ferriss keeps it really simple. You basically eat vegetables, beans, meats and fish. You can't eat white carbs, fruits, sugary drinks, oats or dairy. You can however have cream in your coffee or tea. He then encourages you to have one cheat day. On this day you can eat whatever you want. This of course may cause you to gain weight again especially if you binge. One woman described in this book gained a ton of water weight after her binge day. So maybe go light on your cheat day?<br /><br />Timothy Ferriss talks a lot about supplements. While he gives brief descriptions and instruction on how much to take I'd still research this further and maybe talk to a doctor. His extra section on Vitamin D is enlightening.<br /><br />After reading this book you may start eating almonds to increase your sex drive or put cinnamon and vanilla in your coffee instead of sugar.<br /><br />There are only a few recipes in this book and that is a pity because including a lot of recipes for the prescribed slow-carb diet would have been really useful to the reader.<br /><br />For some people this book is going to be a bit confusing. The reason is because each chapter is dedicated to a certain goal. In one chapter being a vegetarian is encouraged but if you want to sleep better you should eat a ribeye steak.<br /><br />With the Kindle book you might think you have finished the book when you come to \\"Closing Thoughts.\\" However there are a bunch of bonus chapters at the very end of the book after the Appendices and Extras.<br /><br />As far as exercises go there are pictures and instructions. Just, the exercises are spread out throughout the book so you can pick and choose what you want to do to get various results.<br /><br />This book did make me rethink what I'm eating and made me interested in doing kettlebell workouts. The author advises you not to read this book from start to finish but that is easiest when reading the Kindle version. While reading this book some of my suspicions were confirmed and I did learn quite a few new things. There really is something for everyone and you are sure to discover something new.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Reviewing. The reason is because each chapter is dedicated to a certain goal. In one chapter being a vegetarian is encouraged but if you want to sleep better you should eat a ribeye steak.     With the Kindle book you might think you have finished the book when you come to \\"Closing Thoughts.\\" However there are a bunch of bonus chapters at the very end of the book after the Appendices and Extras.     As far as exercises go there are pictures and instructions. Just, the exercises are spread out throughout the book so you can pick and choose what you want to do to get various results.     This book did make me rethink what I'm eating and made me interested in doing kettlebell workouts. The author advises you not to read this book from start to finish but that is easiest when reading the Kindle version. While reading this book some of my suspicions were confirmed and I did learn quite a few new things. There really is something for everyone and you are sure to discover something new.     ~The Rebecca Review
B0019N8P2W|5.0|My only real critique, despite the lack of trademarked songs (which is forgivable, I suppose) is there is no paper or card listing which episodes are on which DVD. The package includes a letter from the creator of Daria. Surely they could have put said list on the back of the letter.
0307595579|5.0|I bought this for me and my girl and we love it. It came in speedy and in perfect condition. And for the price, I got 2 sets for less than the list price on 1 set. Thanks!
B003AXS51A|4.0|If you don't have a dog before reading this book, you will when you're done.<br /><br />I started out feeling weepy in the first couple chapters. The story unfolded lovingly and compassionately. Then, about 1/2 to 2/3 through, it got dark. And depressing. I hung with it, but my wife couldn't. I've encouraged her to pick it up again but it ends sweetly. In fact, I loved the second to last chapter, where the story should  have ended. Skip the very last chapter.<br /><br />Stein clearly knows his racing. His metaphors compare racing to life in illuminating fashion. Many left me with the book in my lap, pondering. I felt so much more appreciation for the sport of racing.<br /><br />After I finished the book, I immediately hugged my dog.
044654146X|1.0|I was very excited when I got thia book, as it's been on my reading list for some time. Having read the book now, I find that it falls short in a number of categories. The book itself is highly, highly disorganized. It's like the frazzled writing of a bunch of college students who piece together anecdotes for their end of term thesis. Completely unfocused. The book has no central thesis, and I was not very impressed with the writing. I also questioned the juxtaposition of some of the statements in this book as evidence. There was horribly liberal misuse of quotes to prove points, upon which further points were pinned. Definitely not a scholarly work, not that I quite expected that, but for a book that is so highly evidence based, I expected more. The very careless writing, research and editing made me question the journalistic and research level of the authors.     Parts of this book also sounded to me like I was reading an organization's promotional literature.     Despite the the dizzying lack of focus of this book and it's lack of context and storytelling, I do like the subject matter, and I think it's an important one for nations looking to emulate part of Israel's growth, albeit according to the authors that might not quite be possible. Perhaps other writers can do a better job and put together a more fitting book on the subject matter, until then, save your money.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Deathly Hallows more than blew me way...Rupert Grint and Emma Watson completely stole the show-their chemistry with each other as the bickering, falling completely in love with each other Ron and Hermione was funny, sweet, and at one time sad to watch (because you see how much Ron and Hermione love each other but are afraid to show it yet). Their performances really blew me away-watch Emma's performance when Ron gets splinched or her torture scene; watch Rupert's performance when he is all jealous of Harry and Hermione or his \\"speech\\". But the best is when Ron returns and Hermione is not exactly \\"welcoming back with open arms\\" ;) Their relationship was just fun to watch throughout the entire film and will be even more incredible to watch in part 2 as their relationship evolves further :) As for Dan Radcliffe-his highlighted moment was def 7 Potters!!! He was AMAZING there. Dan also does a great job of showing the emotional rollercoaster he is feeling about putting his best friends' lives in danger. As for the movie itself-the scenery was breathtaking, the writing incredible (*very true to the book), the acting superb-the trio, the older adult actors. I saw DH 8 times and would pay to see it another 8 times. I even have friends who dont see movies over again and they have even seen it more than once now! Buy DH!! Wont be disappointed. Also, Part 2 is only months away!!!!!
B004HV64V2|5.0|Easy to hear why Brian Eno decided to produce Anna Calvi's debut album after falling in love with the demos she recorded in an attic.     A lot of the buzz about this album plays up Calvi's PJ Harvey ferocity and Elvis crooning mixed with how her virtuosa guitar work nods to Debussy, Ravel, and Messiaen as much as it does to Hendrix.    Which is all there in abundance: Elvis on \\"Morning Light,\\" Debussy on the opening to the epic \\"Blackout,\\" John Dowland on the first bars of \\"The Devil,\\" and Wind-Cries-Mary Hendrix on the opening dust-and-tumbleweeds \\"Rider to the Sea\\" - which really has to be played as an overture straight through to the end of \\"No More Words,\\" ideally at full blast driving the PCH with the top down... or emerging from the Tube into the slush of a Brixton street.    But it's how much it feels like her music is at home in *and* able to transform such completely different contexts that makes it so epic for me. It keeps surprising me with its richness.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|This addition to the Twilight series is outstanding!! It stay pretty true to the book, it also includes more of a back story to the newborns. I loved the entire movie!
B001ACH4DS|4.0|I'll get this out of the way: I love David Cook.  I love his pre-American Idol albums (much of which he wrote himself), many of his Idol performances, his charitable work, his tour shows and performances.  I believe he's got one of the best voices I've ever heard; simply an amazing singer (Listen to his performance on utube of 9-inch Nails' \\"Creep\\").    But this album? This was his rush first album post-Idol and for me it is over-produced and has such a wall of sound that you can't hear his voice as well as I'd like to.  Some of it, especially some of the singles, go too much in a pop direction for my taste per the usual Idol focus(they didn't use his own work though he has co-writes here); his earlier work was more rock/grunge and I preferred it). There are a couple of great rock songs though on this record that unfortunately were not promoted by the label: Kiss on the Neck and Barbasol).  He improved greatly upon the performance of all the album's songs when he performed them live on his own tour.  (Again, see utube for many videos.)      He's about to come out with a new album this year, and I'm hoping it solves some of the problems of this record. I also hope his own excellent songwriting work is given top billing, and that we can hear, above all, his phenomenal voice.
B000USU944|5.0|\\"Warriors- Director's Cut\\", what more can I say? This film fits perfectly in its genre. But, even if you don't like the actors, storyline or music, you will appreciate the imagery and directing. This is a film you can put on mute and still enjoy looking at.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|The best of the Batman movies to date and while Christian Bales Batman is not as good as Keaton's or Kilmer's it was better than Cloonies Heath Ledger was good as the Joker he was semi spot on I say that because there's no way to really do the Joker faithfully without getting an R ratting although they really pushed it with a PG13.
B000ETQR3Q|5.0|I have had this nerf gun for about a year, and i love it! The range is great, even with chewed up darts.(most of the time) the bipod is sturdy, as is the adjustable stock. the pistol attachment is useless, but used as a barrel, it slightly brings down range, but improves accuracy, plus it looks cool. The scope, if used as it says, is a piece of junk, but if you put it o the rail atop the rails on the barrels of the recon or raider, it works pretty well. (not magnification, just accuracy) It does occasionaly jam up, but only if you try to fire in quick succession. It IS a sniper rifle, after all. All in all, this gun is a must-have for any nerf arsenal.
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|every single cut is fantastic.  hope the next cd will be just as great.  i like when an artist makes every song exciting.  worth the money
B002N5N5LG|5.0|I got into this show because I'm a fan of the comedy group Derrick Comedy.  Donald Glover is fabulous and I love his sense of humor.  I was hoping to see it in this show, and I am very happy to say that he shines!<br /><br />The writing is laugh-out-loud funny, and the extras included on the DVD are great!  (I really suggest you watch the outtakes, by the way!)  As first seasons go, Community had a great one.  To me the show didn't get too stale (though a bit simplistic), and it's very easy to laugh along with.  Chevy Chase has a fantastic role that he pulls off without a hitch--probably my favorite character on the show after Donald.<br /><br />Some of my friends like to really criticize Community for having a simple plot.  My answer is always that it doesn't need to be serious.  It's meant to be light-hearted, and I love it for that reason.  I will definitely pick up the second season.  I would recommend this to anyone.  It's good to laugh, and this show will definitely give you a case of the chuckles.
B0000560X0|5.0|This is wonderful way to stay home and being entertained.  Everything is so clear.  And the music is awesome indeed!    Sincerely yours,    Frances Priester
B003R0MF1W|5.0|A nice gentle, enjoyable, tongue-in-cheek series. Simon Baker is a real find as Payrick Jayne and makes a refreshing change from the usual macho gun-toting roles in law and order (not that I am objecting to the likes of Chuck Norris as Walker, Texas Ranger). I have the first two series now and am waiting for no. 3
B0002F7I9Y|5.0|I love, love, love - this album.<br /><br />It shipped quickly even though I didn't select any fancy shipping methods, and I felt like it was Christmas when I opened it.<br /><br />No scratches, skipping or wear.<br /><br />Ray Charles makes me simmer.<br /><br />Would totally buy this again!
0765326353|1.0|I loved the book up to page 320.  Then the awful publishing became apparent when the next 33 pages were missing and i had to pick up reading on page 353.  Really ruined the whole thing for me.  I have read a lot of books and never had anything this pathetic happen.
B003YCIE68|5.0|Have yet to watch the DVD but love this movie from my childhood and can't wait to pop it in our DVD next Christmas, if not sooner. Received the item very quickly, seems to be in perfectly new condition, and was a great price. Thumbs up!
B003ZJJFKE|5.0|Evolution Happens, and it has happened here.  I've been with Satriani from the beginning and have witnessed his changes and progression throughout his albums. I've seen where changes go with the expansion of the mind and being musically dedicated. To live and breath the guitar, to own it is truely a gift from God. Joe owns the guitar and does it in his own Satriani humble way and style.   I will admit that I was feeling a little business as usual with the Professor CD. Even to the point that I was a little gunshy to pick this one up. But after a couple of months I couldn't stand it and pulled the string. GOOD MOVE.  What a great new CD. The wall that has been created behind his guitar work is exceptional. Adding keyboard and having more give and take really sets off his playing even more to me. This CD has a great feel and these are great new tunes. I really like the Eastern feel I get from this. Anyway.  EVOLUTION HAPPENS, and it has happened here. Thanks Joe. Highly Recommended.
1853104825|2.0|The book contains many facts about many crashes but I would say there is very little careful analysis.  If you are intertested mainly in 3-sentence descriptions of significant crashes, then this may satisfy you, but already being familar with many of these crashes I woas looking for a deeper ananlysis of the human factor involved in them.    The author describes for example, the 1990 Avianca crash with these 2 lines: \\"The South American pilot reported being short of fuel, but did not use standard R/T phraseology and did not declare an emergency.  Eventually cleared he missed his approach, went round again, ran out of fuel and crashed\\".  This was a wholly disatisfying description to me and involved almost no analysts of the exact nature of the failure in communication-- oddly absent since this was in a chapter entiteld \\"Communication\\".  This kind of incomplete analystis persists throughout the book.    Having read the transcript of the conversation preceding that crash, it is actually extremely interesting that the first officer and captain seemed to be aware they were in danger but struggled with being \\"impolite\\" and emphasizing that fact to the air traffic controller.  An examination of the difference in culture and language that caused them to use such restrained language under such dire circumstances, in my opinon, was warranted and would have made for a much more interesting and meaningful read.    If, however, you just want a few basic facts about many fatal crashes, then you wont be disappointed.
B003O86FMW|5.0|This is an awesome book it hold the susepense through out the book i also like the way Suesan Collans writes the book she is gifted with word and she showes is in a wonderfull way along with the rest of her series
0385341679|2.0|Having weathered the first four books of the series I suppose I didn't know what to expect with the final book. The entire series was a mess of mixed emotions. During book one I wanted so badly for Mac to slide off of a cliff or drown. When she survived to make it to book two I actually had hope for her. By the end of book three I was so depressed I wasn't sure I wanted to continue. Book four was a filler, there was alot of note worthy moments and general blandness. But with book five where I expected an awe moment, of all of the books this one was really really hard to read.     The first part dragged on. It was as if we were back in book one and all I could think of was let Mac fall off a cliff or drown. When part two hit there was a sense of back to basics. The hostile verbal banter and threats just kept coming! You kept waiting for some great change to come over the main characters that never seemed to come. And just like book one Mac seemed to almost regress. She was mouthy, asked alot of questions that she knew would not get answered. AND WHEN THEY DIDN'T GET ANSWERED SHE WAS BACK TO ACCEPTING THIS. Everyone knew what was going on but her. She didn't trust Barrons but stuck with him. Blah blah blah...    Another reason the story dragged was that I felt as if I was in the mind of a woman in a very abusive relationship. Mac was always in a mental place that was pathetic and sad; beaten and defeated. Don't get me wrong I liked Barrons some of the time, but for the most part his entire \\"beat them to make them stronger\\" rationalization was scary and very very damaging. Mac needed to grow up (sure) but was all that she got really necessary? And did she really deserve it? Would a kind word really hurt? The way that Mac just kept making excuses or coming up for a reason for his behaviors was in itself madness. Oh and when she wasn't being figuratively and sometimes literally stepped on by everyone and everything she was fixated on sex! It's almost laughable but duringthe first four books I kept waiting for the sexual tension. In Shadowfever whenever Mac thought of a bed I cringed. And when she thought of Barrons in the same sentence with a bed (or almost anything else) I just wanted to skip to the end of the book. Her head was a punching bag full of sex and violence.     Shadowfever was for the most part filled with characters that were hard to like. I tried to like Mac, but even in the end I just couldn't. Dani no. Christian yes.    I agree with those that say the series could have been completed in three books. Shadowfever was an emotional roller coaster and for the most part I'm really glad it's over. (My two cents)
B00433TO52|4.0|I recommend it to people looking for a good Shakespeare collection, one that is easy to navigate through and easy to read. I found the way the poetry like language was formatted to be easy on the eye and to me that is a big plus. I also found the Table of Contents to be simple and straightforward, another plus for me. Of course, all the plays (and these extra special ones) are there with all of Shakespeare's wonderful poetry.  So I highly recommend it.
B000JLSLZQ|5.0|Musicals are not my favorite, but this one is high on my short list.  This young starlet was unknown to me before this came, but was very impressive both in acting and singing.  It is a beautiful movie, and in Blu-Ray ever better!
B0000027DJ|5.0|this has some great solid rockers on it like the title track. Has ANYONE ever said it better about taking yourself out? Hey stoopid,  you lose they win!  if you notice there are only two one star reviews for this and those guys are out to lunch probably. Everything on here rocks and even the ballads are good ALICE ballads. This was another great one for alice. He was on a role for sure. He'd hit his weak point with 'dada' but had come roaring back and kept getting better too.  It was during this era that 'waynes world' came out and alice made a cameo on that. WE are not worthy! that was a classic comedy scene and alice played it straight too. So get worthy! grab some great 90's metal that's melodic and better put together than most of the then popular but depressing grunge sludge. Don't be stoopid get some great alice rockin.
B003ZHQVJO|5.0|Every song on this is good, you won't be disappointed. While some may miss the hip hop and hard rock sounds Kid has brought forth in the past, the lyrics and melodies in this collection are plenty to keep you listening beginning to end. The collaborations with Zac Brown, Sheryl Crow, Martina and Seger are masterful. I always wondered why he and Seger never got together musically (both from Detroit!), and now they have... Kid Rock is maturing, and this collection shows how much he has grown as a musician and a song writer. A big thumbs up for this!
030758660X|5.0|I was really excited when I saw this book, and the patterns contained have not disappointed me. I have made one project so far and have plans for more! I really like not only the patterns, but all the vampire trivia scattered throughout the book. There's even a page with tips for removing blood stains from garments. And for all you werewolf fans, there's a section for you too.
0307577589|5.0|Although I had listened to both subsequent audiobooks in this series and had seen the Swedish motion picture of Dragon Tattoo, I couldn't wait to plunge into this.  There is so much more in the way of detail and subplots in this unabridged audiobook that the movie was just a sketchy prelude.  Knowing how everything turned out in this trilogy seemed to dimish the excitement not a whit.  A special note regarding the narrator, Simon Vance: the perfect choice for these books and an incredible voice actor.  Listening to audiobooks like this one has made me wary of any motion picture based on a novel.  It is not that the Swedish motion pictures are bad--in fact, they are very well done--but they have to rush through the complexities of character development and plot in such a cursory manner that I would not know what was really happening were I not recently exposed to the unabridged version.  Even if you've seen the movies, get these audiobooks if you really want to enjoy this series.  Also, I had noticed that this audiobook actually has two editions with apparently identical packaging, one with a different narrator (who I haven't heard).
B000006XSD|3.0|This one alienated alot of alice cooper fans because for one thing it even has a disco song on it. But it is a good disco song 'no more love at your convience', it  is a great dancible song but alice fans at the time were not amused. However there are three very songs on here. \\"you and me' , 'it's hot tonight' one of alices best songs ever imo,<br />and the ultra cool 'road rats', a different version of that one appears on the 'roadie\\" soundtrack from 1980. Which has never been on cd yet though. :(  Other songs have some charm to them like 'ubangi stomp' but at this time alice was lost in a bottle; he'd thankfully go to rehab and like most of us who once thought substances were the answer would find freedom away from the soul killing crap. He'd document that nicely in his next release.  There are four ultra cool songs on here imo that make this worth having. But metal fans might want to skip this one , alice fans will want it to complete their collections and may find with repeated listenings that this is not a total loss.
B00005JLEU|5.0|This is my first Miyazaki film I have seen, and as a result, I have come to love all his works.  Truly one of the best animated films I have ever seen.  The animation is fluid and colorful, and the story line has a definite purpose, lesson.  I highly recommend this film to anyone who appreciates animated films.
B002ZG98UA|1.0|Don't bother guys !!! This was a terrible follow up to the earlier Evil movies. Acting was very poor and two heroines was a big big mistake no 2 was a real ham actress !!! As for the special effects Ha! Ha! Ha! the dogs were a joke, they were really fearsome until they split down the middle \\"stupid\\" and the Zombies with Octopus type mouths (looks like a Blade copy)were also stupid. Please don't insult the Horror fans out here with anymore of this sort of Rubbish. Second worst movie of late for us !! (The Road gets 1st place)
B001C4AFOY|5.0|A new favorite of mine. This film is so well done with superb acting. If you are a fan of British Literature or the BBC and Masterpiece Theater, you will thoroughly enjoy this film.
B0028MBKVG|3.0|I enjoyed this book.  The stories of the Tarahumara were interesting and insightful.  I also enjoyed learning more about the culture of ultrarunners.  However, the book had too many chapters on shameless plugs for barefoot running and anti-Nike slams.  Many of the arguements are one sided and show an obvious bias to the author's true employer.  Easily ignored is not the fact shoe manufactures cause injury, but the fact that we weigh almost 40 pounds more than our ancestors, then try to go from the couch to a marathon in 4 months.    The book uses the all too common method of alternating chapters. Every other chapter would just take away from the flow of the story. A quarter of the book talking about the theory that our ancestors chased antelopes seemed a bit too much considering there is no credibility or proof.
B002ZG993Q|5.0|I really liked \\"the American.\\" I wish Hollywood made at least a few more movies like this. The American\\" is about suspense and uncertainty, beautiful scenery, love scenes, and all the personal and moral collateral damage that comes from living the life of an assassin.    The typical Hollwood action hero is fast, loud, drives powerful cars, and draws lots of attention to themself. If there's any time for romance, the only real challenge is usually to clear the bad guys out of the way first so they can ride off into the sunset. If those who get killed even have a real personality and a face, Hollywood quickly provides convenient excuses for why the hero and you can feel justified to kill them. Who is a  bad guy and who you can trust and all the plotlines are neatly tied up by the end. Usually everything's a caricature - the backdrop either looks everything was all built in the last two years or else it's someone's stereotype of an urban ghetto. This is not that movie.     \\"The American\\" is a glimpse of what anyone who actually lived the secret agent lifestyle would miss out on in life. Here the hero can't be brash and damn-the-consequences - quite the opposite - his life totally depends on being quiet and staying out of the light. Boring you say? Well, your typical action hero who talks and acts like they can do anything wouldn't last more than two or three weeks as an assassin in the world of \\"The American.\\"     Unlike so many action/adventure movies, \\"the American\\" doesn't glamorize guns, technology, power, or violence. Here there are as many motor scooters and trains as there are fast sportscars. Not an indie film, but I would call it something of an anti-Hollywood film. If it doesn't neatly fit the standard categories for what you expect in a movie, I say that's a pretty good critique of the standard categories. Look through the list of movies on redbox, netflix or Blockbuster and count 'em up and tell me we really need one more mindless angry shoot-em-up movie just like all the others instead of one movie like \\"the American.\\"     Yeah, if you watch this movie expecting an adrenaline rush of shoot-em-up scenes and vengeance you'll probably be disappointed. You will find enouh movies in this category to watch a different one every day all year long. If on the other hand you'd really like to see something a little different from the stock formula Hollywood usually serves up, enjoy this as a rare treat.
B003E6K1VK|5.0|bought this specifically for DAC with my laptop,I could go on and on about the audio equipment I have owned for the last 40 yrs.macs,carvers,etc....no junk, you can scrutinize this little marvel all you would like,listening to this as I write with my Beyerdynamics DXT 900's...my only words,you want something that does what it claims? JUST BUY IT and ENJOY!!
030746363X|5.0|Author: @tferriss<br />My Twitter: @21tigermike<br /><br />I roll out of bed at 5am, and make my way to the kitchen. After a few years living in Mainland China, and ordering super cheap delivery, I'm finally cooking. I crack a few eggs, and get out the sausages. After breakfast, I'll down a protein shake before doing my morning workout. I make sure to grab a few almonds while I'm at it. My fridge is full of actual food (not Pizza boxes), lots of meats and Caesar salad with chicken and tenderloin steaks. Last night I had Garbanzo beans and Salsa. Needless to say, I've never felt or looked better. It's only been a couple weeks since I cracked open the 4 Hour Body, but so far, I'm a believer. I got this for my brother, who dabbles in Thai boxing, and he hasn't shut up about it since.<br /><br />Ferriss, of 4 Hour Workweek fame, had converted his San Francisco home into a full-scale laboratory of human experimentation: fat machines, blood samples, and personally been `tested' on every body-ray scanner under the sun. He'd packed on muscle in very short amounts of time, and had a million testimonials from friends and relatives on amazing fat loss and heart rate regulation. He'd figured something out, and with this book, he was putting his name on the line. Big time.<br /><br />After getting the book, and delving into it, I found it: he's saying what millions have been `hinting' at when it comes to dieting, for years. Tim knows what doctors (including my father) have known, but could never articulate. The stuff you know you shouldn't eat (namely, white carbs) is why you're fat, and why a 100,000 crunches later, you still have a mini-keg down there. That's it. Change that, and eat enough so you're not hungry all the time (the major reason we love that greasy stuff is the caloric density) and you'll lose weight. That's it. No Rice. No Pizza Hut. No Mashed Potates with melted cheese. Stop eating white carbs. This is going to mean revisiting the kitchen and learning how to cook actual food. Ever heard of lentils? Legumes? No.. They have massive amounts of protein.. Hook it up. No milk. No fruit. Some of this stuff is just too crazy to believe. But it's true. Tim goes into detail on what to eat, when to eat, and how to have fun doing it.<br /><br />With this book, and the recently released `Why we get fat,' people are starting to get this amazing message: losing weight is simple and easy. That's the most powerful part of this book. It's not just the old mindset of \\"hit the gym, run 10 miles, stop eating so much, and you'll lose weight.\\" In much the same way he breaks down languages, Tim breaks down the human body and gives us the ultimate secret: losing weight, and getting ripped on the absolute minimal gym time.<br /><br />It's not just that we're lazy (we are), but that we're putting ourselves though torture chambers and hamster wheels with abysmal results. The current workout routines and aerobics classes don't work, and they waste time. Consider the Minimum Effective Dose (MED) concept: if it takes 15 minutes lying under the sun for your skin to be stimulated, what's the point of the 16th, 17th (and 45th) minute lying there? Exactly. Burning. Pain. You're actually not doing anything productive after the 15th minute, and those burns will basically screw you over, keeping you aching and indoors, while your friends get to play outside.<br /><br />Same goes for lifting weights. Doing 1000 reps is not cool, when 25 reps done right will do the same, and prevent injury. You only need to rip the muscle once. Using these principles, Tim packed on an astonishing 28lbs of muscle (Bruce Banner/Incredible Hulk pictures in the book, of course) in one month.<br /><br />Personally, I've always been `skinny'. I was just like every other skinny guy you've ever met. Ate everything he could get his hands on when he was in high school, and `filled out' as he entered his mid-20's, but that's not the point. `Filling out' just means you're putting on fat, and look a little better in a suit; but, you're not actually improving, because you're not improving your diet. And you're not improving the way you feel, you're just getting fatter. And the first time some girl snickers about your `double chin' you'll have a whole thing to be `shy' about.<br /><br />Another concept is the Body Recomp. Most of the ways we describe our bodies (eg. gaining and losing weight) is meaningless. Rather than focusing on pounds lost (which can be done by starvation, anorexia, death etc), Tim introduces the 20-lb recomposition (or recomp for short). Gaining 10 lbs of muscle mass and losing 10 lbs of fat, for most people, would reflect a massive change in the way they look and feel. And ultimately, that's the point.<br /><br />Of course, what self-respecting health and fitness book wouldn't have a few dozen pages dedicated to sex, sex drive, and the almighty G-spot. More importantly, I think, Tim notes a fascinating reason why most men nowadays are going Metrosexual (not his words, mine). Something that seems to have come along in the last 10 years, may have less to do with San Francisco and more to do with Silicon Valley.<br /><br />So with looking better, getting stronger, improving your sex life, getting a good nights sleep, this is effectively the user manual for the human body. Have you ever wondered why you look or feel the way you do? Of course you have. Wanna change something? We all do. Not because we're egomaniacs but because most of us eat garbage, and feel/look like it.<br /><br />You are an animal, a hairless chimp. You can go on eating cardboard, or you can be King Kong (or the beautiful blonde). Your choice.<br /><br />See more reviews like this at<br /><br />21tiger.com<br />books.biz.asiamproving, because you're not improving your diet. And you're not improving the way you feel, you're just getting fatter. And the first time some girl snickers about your `double chin' you'll have a whole thing to be `shy' about.    Another concept is the Body Recomp. Most of the ways we describe our bodies (eg. gaining and losing weight) is meaningless. Rather than focusing on pounds lost (which can be done by starvation, anorexia, death etc), Tim introduces the 20-lb recomposition (or recomp for short). Gaining 10 lbs of muscle mass and losing 10 lbs of fat, for most people, would reflect a massive change in the way they look and feel. And ultimately, that's the point.    Of course, what self-respecting health and fitness book wouldn't have a few dozen pages dedicated to sex, sex drive, and the almighty G-spot. More importantly, I think, Tim notes a fascinating reason why most men nowadays are going Metrosexual (not his words, mine). Something that seems to have come along in the last 10 years, may have less to do with San Francisco and more to do with Silicon Valley.    So with looking better, getting stronger, improving your sex life, getting a good nights sleep, this is effectively the user manual for the human body. Have you ever wondered why you look or feel the way you do? Of course you have. Wanna change something? We all do. Not because we're egomaniacs but because most of us eat garbage, and feel/look like it.    You are an animal, a hairless chimp. You can go on eating cardboard, or you can be King Kong (or the beautiful blonde). Your choice.    See more reviews like this at     21tiger.com     books.biz.asia
B002KLAL4W|5.0|This album makes me wonder on how much more amazing music does Pearl Jam have to offer their fans. INCREDIBLE ALBUM: 10 out of 10. \\"Just Breath\\" - The ultimate love song with such strong and meaningful lyrics that just give you the goose bumps.   \\"Unthought known\\": Shocking reefs and lyrics... \\"The Fixer\\": strong and powerful keys gives birth to a true rock n roll song. \\"Amongst the waves\\", \\"Speed of Sound\\"...just Top quality music. Thank you Pearl Jam for 20 years of uninterrupted amazingness
B00364K6YW|5.0|I just want to add my five stars to the best movie production of Jane Austen's novel. I owned it for many years and still watch it once in a while.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|The Starz production of Spartacus: Blood and Sand displays the most brutal violent side of ancient Rome. Human life is all about grasping for power and of survival of the fittest. This show is all about the basic drives of the human beast. It is not for the squeamish! Andy Whitfield plays the title character, a man who dares to commit to his personal values over those of the all-conquering Romans. He and his wife are trapped in the slave cast and Spartacus is given the chance to lift himself up one notch to that of gladiator and entertain the crowds by slaughtering opponents in the arena. He never loosens his commitment to the love of his wife and of freedom. He allows his owner to think he's really in charge but all along Spartacus is learning how to work the system somehow to his advantage. Starz is to be commended for this brave production. Nothing is hidden from view. We witness the full spectrum of the life of a gladiator and their owners, from the baths to the bedroom. This is very good adult entertainment.
B0025KVLT2|5.0|OKAY, this is sad: a friend recently gave me the entire Beatles collection on generic home-made disc, but i had to have this anyway - mostly for the album cover art. Dig that groovy lettering.      SGT PEPPER'S seems to be the Beatles album which people most generally say changed their lives, etc. I was too young for that particular epiphany--these were all a little before my time. But now, decades later, RUBBER SOUL and REVOLVER seem more innovative, exciting and revolutionary than SGT PEPPER'S to me! Maybe because I really grew up hearing a much harder, more high-tech, truly acid-washed psychedelic studio sound via San Francisco, etc., and RUBBER SOUL is just pure Mersey Beat pop. The song progression/selection on this album just kills. I was all a-twitter over the rerelease of EXILE ON MAIN STREET earlier this year b/c i've always considered myself much more of a Stones girl than a Fabber. But EXILE did not stand up for me, just in terms of sheer listening experience. EXILE sounds self-important, wasted and hollow in some ways.  RUBBER SOUL still sounds fresh-- not just in terms of the remaster, but the content. It's innocent and corny, formulaic, yet self-mocking. Melodically speaking, from someone who loves to sing in the shower (see my post on American Crew CITRUS MINT shampoo), really, Paul rules.
B002VPE1OS|5.0|This is the BEST PRODUCT EVER MADE FOR the iPhone. I love the anti-glare screen protectors more than the mirror or the clear ones.
0345528581|4.0|A good reference for workouts you can do at home if you can't get to the gym or are looking  for a different workout series.
B000X1Z0BU|3.0|With nearly 300 very enthusiastic reviews already on Amazon, normally I wouldn't bother adding just one more, but in this case I am.    I received the soundtrack for the movie and played it over and over again.  I listened to the melodies, the lyrics, and absolutely enjoyed it every time it was played. An easy five star rating for the music.  So, I then almost anxiously got a copy of the DVD and was ready to be carried away by a modern day \\"musical\\".    As the movie unfolded ....  it was obvious that the movie was a vehicle for the music and not the other way around.  Normally, this would be fine if a) the script was good, b) the acting was fair, or c) if the production was such that it created the charm of the music.  If you watch the Extra Features, the director proudly says that he started with a sixty page script and he didn't want to overcomplicate the project with the pressure of overinvestment.  I can certainly appreciate why someone might feel that way, but the overall story just missed.  First, the songs don't tell the story of the characters very well and in some cases they down right contradict what's presented in the movie.  This is what happens when a script is thrown together using some extremely talented musicians without any acting experience.  I certainly don't fault the main characters, but they simply didn't pull off their parts with many lines being choppy and unconvincing.  There was no real flow or continuity just pronouncements about what was coming next and the reaction of the actors to those pronouncements.  So, all in all, the soundtrack set a bar for the movie that was so high that it was not going to work unless they really attempted to mold the movie more closely to the lyrics of the songs.    I can see why this won awards at Sundance ...  if you never heard the music and just sat back and treated it like a very rough indy movie, you'd be carried away by the music missing that the acting was both forgivable and forgetable.  But unfortunately, the movie, the direction, the many occurences when a scene didn't work and when they should have reshot (assuming the director knew to reshoot ... maybe he didn't) just made the movie clumsy and awkward ... something like the main characters.  Perhaps there's some beauty in that, but it is clearly a case of lost potential with such a beautiful soundtrack primarily written by Glen Hansard.    In case you're interested in the story ...  it's a boy meets girl in Dublin, he plays music, she plays music, they play music together.  Reality and history ulitmately set in and the rest you can find out by watching the movie (or reading another review that has a spoiler in it).    So I highly recommend ...  buying the CD ... listening to it a million times ... borrow the video and watch it Once (no pun intended) ... and if you really think that it rivals Brief Encounters or has the charm of similar movies (non-musical) like Before Sunrise, maybe even purchase it.
B002L5R75S|5.0|Our radio in the US is so horrible, but there is a station in my area that every once in a while will play something new and exciting. The new this time was Little Lion Man.  I was hooked immediately.  Then The Cave was played, and I couldn't wait to get this album.  For two or three weeks I was anxious to buy the album.  I bought it from Amazon tonight.  It is awesome.  Winter Winds has got the bluegrass that intrigued me all along and the rock and...HORNS.  Yes horns!  What a way to cross musical genres. I cannot wait to listen to the whole album to fall in love with all the songs one at a time. You have to appreciate a little bluegrass and a little folk and maybe even a little Dave Matthews (cuz there is a hint of him) to enjoy this album.  This is right up my alley.  If its not yours I won't blame you, but I still think you should check it out.  And I haven't even heard the whole thing yet.
0765326353|5.0|Awesome book.  Better than Jordan or Salvatore and I would of never thought that possible.  Brandon ties in the pieces better, leaves hints in dialog, puts Nobility on a new level and of course does not lack for action.  Has soliloquy's or philosophies that are outstanding.  Main character (Kal)is much like Elizabeth Moon's \\"Pak\\" in \\"Deeds of Paksenarron\\". I enjoyed it the second time as much as first time, picking up missed clues  is like finding small treasures...GREAT BOOK!
B000AAF1U4|5.0|Disney puts out quite a deal of movies every year and it is often that a few get overlooked for more popular ones over the course of the year. The Emperor's New Groove is one such movie. It's a hilarious comedy that focuses on Emperor Kuzco and Pacha. The Emperor is a selfish man who wants Pacha off a particular mountain so that he can build a resort just for himself. Yzma, coupled with the lovable Kronk, wishes for Kuzco to die so that she might replace him in his place of power. Unfortunately for Yzma the drought that should have killed Kuzco turns him into a llama and through an odd string of events he is accidentally brought back to Pacha's home where he awakes and demands to be returned to the palace, unknowing of Yzma's desires.<br /><br />What follows is a string of events that will change Kuzco's outlook on life and on the peasant community he is responsible for. This is nor your typical Disney movie which is normally riddled with songs. Instead it is just a story that is borderline gut-bursting hysterical and has great messages for kids and adults alike.
B000VYX8PE|5.0|The first on the series, this book is a fantastic read. I love it. It is very good for young reader because it teaches vocabulary and is a fun story.
B002ZG98UK|4.0|The film is on par with the rest of the series as far as storytelling quality goes.Still a good bit of cheese to the whole affair but i find it to be some highly entertaining silliness. The 3d on bluray is some of the best i've seen yet so if you're into the whole 3d thing (and zombies) check this one out.
B002ZG98C8|1.0|OK WOW!...Just for the record, I have hispanic family, so this has nothing to do with race bashing, and I know, it wasn't exactly meant to be taken seriously...it's more like a LAME COMEDY! So YIPES!...can I have back the Hour and 45 minutes of my life please? I mean...come on...medical staff in the hospital who look barely 18 in TINY little dresses flirting with patients...then amulance staff jumping out in high heels with uzi's!...the believability \\"Astounds\\" me!  Oh, not to mention AWEFUL acting:(  My HUSBAND only made it through MAYBE the first 20 minutes, then walked out shaking his head in disbelief!  To me, this is an embarrassment to the latino people....again I say...WOW
B0000C3I6U|5.0|Great classic movie about weightlifting back in the day when nobody understood it or the people that did it. See Arnold during his prime and meet the guys that surrounded him at the beginning of the competitive show era
B0041KKYDI|5.0|Didn't really know what this one was about going in and was very impressed. Great story and the acting was really good too. This movie makes you want to work harder at whatever it is you are struggling with.
B003PBB4ME|5.0|I love this thing. It's much more than just a handle for low-angle skater shots. I use mine with a Canon Vixia HF-10, and I like that I can mount the camera forward, as you see in most of the product shots, or 90 degrees left so that the curved handle serves as more of a left-hand support for regular shooting... like a flash bracket that still photographers use. That's going to be my default setup. Since the camera mounting screw is in a little track that extends the length of the flat rubber area, the camera can be slid forward or backwards within the X-Grip before tightening. In my case, I slide it all the way forward, rotate it 90 degrees counter-clockwise, and the camera's video monitor has plenty of room to swing all the way out to the left without hitting the handle curve. The accessory bracket on top also rotates 360 degrees so the light/microphone can match the camera direction.<br /><br />My only complaint is related to the mounting knob below. I'm thrilled that it also has a female thread for mounting to a tripod or other standard-thread item. But the X-Grip's feet, the little skid things that it sits on, get in the way of my tripod head a little. I use a Manfrotto 501 pro tripod head with the large quick-release plate. If that plate is mounted directly underneath the X-Grip, then I can't slide the plate/X-Grip combo onto the tripod head without some serious force - too much to be practical. Fortunately, the solution was to disassemble the whole thing and add a single metal washer between the camera mount knob and the underside of the X-Grip, which caused the knob to hang just a fraction of an inch lower when the camera was fully tightened in place. This lowered the female tripod threads in relation to the skids just a bit, so that the \\"skids\\" were raised off of my tripod head just enough to be able to slide the release plate in place without much effort. Your mileage may vary with other tripods. If you try this, be careful not to use too thick a washer, since you're sacrificing the amount of threads that actually screw into your camera. This rig does not have the \\"two knob\\" type of camera mounting screw where you can set the screw depth with one knob and then tighten down with the other. On this, the depth you see is all you get. It's just right for my camera, but if your camera has an exceptionally shallow tripod-mounting hole, you may need to do the washer trick. Or if your rig is so heavy that you need more than 3/16\\"-1/4\\" or so of mounting thread to feel safe and secure, then the X-Grip may not be for you.<br /><br />The rubber platform that the camera sits on is great. It's actually about 1/4\\" thick, and good rubber - not just the cheesy little thin layer of neoprene left over from the mousepad factory. So if you need to crank down on the camera mounting knob, the camera settles into the rubber pretty securely.<br /><br />About the strength of the handle: more than enough. It's not totally rigid plastic. It's got a slight flex, so a heavy accessory on top might bounce up and down ever so slightly. I have a Rode NTG-2 mic up there on a shock mount, and I have no concerns about the flex. In fact, I prefer it. The plastic seems strong enough to support a pretty hefty camera rig, and I'll gladly take the \\"flexy\\" plastic over the harder, more brittle plastic that is more likely to shatter if dropped.<br /><br />That's it so far!u're sacrificing the amount of threads that actually screw into your camera. This rig does not have the \\"two knob\\" type of camera mounting screw where you can set the screw depth with one knob and then tighten down with the other. On this, the depth you see is all you get. It's just right for my camera, but if your camera has an exceptionally shallow tripod-mounting hole, you may need to do the washer trick. Or if your rig is so heavy that you need more than 3/16\\"-1/4\\" or so of mounting thread to feel safe and secure, then the X-Grip may not be for you.    The rubber platform that the camera sits on is great. It's actually about 1/4\\" thick, and good rubber - not just the cheesy little thin layer of neoprene left over from the mousepad factory. So if you need to crank down on the camera mounting knob, the camera settles into the rubber pretty securely.     About the strength of the handle: more than enough. It's not totally rigid plastic. It's got a slight flex, so a heavy accessory on top might bounce up and down ever so slightly. I have a Rode NTG-2 mic up there on a shock mount, and I have no concerns about the flex. In fact, I prefer it. The plastic seems strong enough to support a pretty hefty camera rig, and I'll gladly take the \\"flexy\\" plastic over the harder, more brittle plastic that is more likely to shatter if dropped.     That's it so far!
B0031OCY2E|1.0|Normally, I love Matt Damon movies.  He is a very talented actor and picks amazing movies to star in.  But this movie was a complete waste of time.  It's about a guy who thinks that he's being a hero and saving the world but he actually shoots himself in the foot by pissing off what few friends he has.  Don't bother watching this movie.  I can't believe he passed on playing Kirk in Star Trek for this.
0399245030|5.0|Deep blue and beguiling, for starters. The boy in this story is the same as the one in Jeffers' The Way Back Home, he never seems to smile (in fact, he doesn't really have a mouth except when he gets excited, which is rare) and he's conspicuously small in the vast, lonely world, which he is nevertheless able to negotiate with a paddle boat, a map, and impressive equanimity. This is to return a penguin, by the way, who happens to show up at his door. The destination is the North Pole, and the epic expanses of ocean - whether placid or roiling or scattered with ice - contribute to a story so peacefully, effortlessly charming you're even tempted to be a little skeptical in the end. But forget it, because who can resist the spectacle of penguin floating around in an upside-down umbrella? The little surge of emotion at the end feels finally too earned not to share.
B00364K6YW|1.0|DON'T BUY THIS ONE!!!  If I could rate it less than one star, I would.  I bought this version of Pride & Prejudice because it SAYS digitally restored.  It was a HUGE mistake, as Amazon only allows replacement of the same item as far as refunds/returns go.  The \\"restored\\" version is grainy, segmented by episode, and the only evidence of any digital restoration is in the special features clips.  A friend of mine has the P&P Special Edition and it's picture quality is leaps and bounds better, and the episodes are separated by a fade to black, not the complete credits!  I am still kicking myself for wasting the money on this version, since Amazon won't let me exchange it and pay for a better copy of the movie.    Remember, do not buy this \\"RESTORED\\" Edition.  Pay a little extra for the Special Edition or the Anniversary Edition.  That, you won't regret.
B0044E9LW6|4.0|If you like Dio, this is pretty good. Definitely better than the more recent Heaven & Hell live recording....more energetic and dangerous.
0312370849|3.0|many people i work with raved about this book, so i figured i'd give it a shot.     i wasn't really a fan. my favorite parts of the book were learning more about sarah's life. julia's life was blah to me. i found myself wishing for to leave julia's portion of the story to return to sarah's.     i was left unsatisfied but i wouldn't say that i didn't like it. it was okay. i wouldn't recommend it with as much gusto as others.
B0015DROBO|3.0|This book is slow to start, but this is tolerable because character development must be allowed.  Then the book picks up and is very entertaining.  I would like to give it more stars, because I really enjoyed it.  The problem is the moral integrity of the characters.  Our villains are truly evil-murderers and rapists.  I can accept this because they are the villains.  Our heroes have no sexual integrity to speak of.  Sex is presented as a completely casual activity to be enjoyed by any two people regardless of any thing-marriage, love, gender.  The two people don't even need to know one another.  So is the author just portraying characters the way real people really behave?  Hardly.  Most men are not able to have sex with a married fellow worker any time they want with no jealousy from the husband or work related problems.  That same man is not likely to be seduced out of nowhere by two women, one mature and one young enough to be his daughter.  No, this is not like real life, but it might be a common fantasy.  Not everyone will have the same view of sex as I do, and so many people will be able to overlook these faults and even celebrate them.  I, on the other hand, will not read the other two books, although I am sure they contain great stories.  I don't want to fill my mind with ideas that I believe to be harmful to the human soul.
B0012GMVDK|5.0|I already knew that i liked this CD, as i used to have it on tape. The product was in perfect condition on arrival, a bargain of a price, and it arrived early enough for me to enjoy with my father, whom this was a gift for which was a treat in and of itself. I am thoroughly pleased.
1439102813|3.0|a friend of mine recommended this book to me. the portrayal of living with alzheimer's was spot on and my heart went out to alice and her family. also, unlike a few other reviewers, i didn't mind the more technical aspect of the book. i actually enjoyed it and as a grad student in the psych field, it was nice to understand what she was talking about.     overall, the book was okay for me. i didn't develop a strong connection with any of the characters. i had empathy for them, sure, but the writing wasn't strong enough to really make me feel for them.     i would recommend it to those interested in alzheimer's or those living with people who have alzheimer's.    it's definitely not a book that i would pick up for the pleasure of reading.
0385341679|4.0|I had mixed feelings about this series - I'm not particularly fond of Mac, found the action to be unweildy at times, and HATED the cliff-hangers.  That being said, I couldn't put the books down & anxiously awaited each new installment.  Shadowfever was going to be the deciding factor as to whether I continue to follow this author.  I will be reading everything she writes from here on.    Shadowfever delivered an extremely satisfying conclusion.  Barrons-Mac-V'Lane is solved, the book is dealt with, and we learn more about the Unseelie King, his concubine and intrigue in the Seelie & Unseelie courts.      Only four stars for a few reasons: 1) the book opens with some profound personal growth by Mac, then the first time her new outlook is tested, she reverts back to her old self - one thing that has bothered me in all the books is Mac's 2 steps forward, 1 step back progression; 2) I think so much time was spent on misdirection regarding who Mac is that it started to get frustrating & I still don't get why she's \\"epic;\\" 3) there were so many characters & factions introduced during the series, that at times when someone or some group was mentioned in this book, I was unable to recall who they were; 4) the Sidhe Seers seem to serve no purpose other than librarians & prison guards, so I felt too much time was spent on them; 5) *spoiler* if Darroc was going to be dispatched so easily, I wish I didn't have to waste a 1/3 of the novel reading about him *end spoiler*    Some reviewers were bothered by the treatment of the Keltars - although they seemed unnecessary to the story (other than Christian), that didn't bother me, perhaps b/c I never read the Highlander books.  Dani comes off as extremely annoying & her dialect is incredibly distracting. Since I love the potential of this character, I'm giving her a pass & hoping KMM rehabilitates her into the great heroine I think she can be.     Overall, this was an excellent conclusion to an entertaining, well-written series.  KMMmanaged to close many doors, while at the same time opening new ones. I'm looking forward to reading more in the Dani-Ryodan book.
0385342047|5.0|I couldn't wait until this book came out! I am a HUGE fan of the shopoholic series and Sophie Kinsella. This was an excellent continuation in the series. Becky and her antics are hilarious and Kinsella's writing is witty and entertaining as always. I have read the other shopoholic books multiple times and they are as entertaining as the first time I read them. So glad I added this to my collection. I can't wait to read the next installment in the series (and really, really, really hope there IS a next installment!!!!) :)
B001VLXNLU|2.0|Okay, let me start off with saying that this is my first review. I don't give reviews, if I do, well, it's rare.  Anyway, enough about me. \\"Marked\\" was a book I read when I was in ninth grade. Why did I read it? Because my mom was browsing good books in the teen section at Borders and picked it up, opened it to the first page, and thought the first line was attention-grabbing. Do I agree? Yes, even now, two years later with me as a junior. At the time, I needed good books. I mean, I was in desperate search for them. I had finished the Twilight series and was coming out of that and needing something to keep me going with vampires. \\"Marked\\" seemed fairly good.  However . . .  Zoey is what I call a cliche-all-in-one. She's smart, beautiful, misunderstood, has a uber-crappy family . . . and that's while she's human. Then becoming marked, she gets a cliched-super-annoying group of friends, an evil enemy (ooh, scary!) and a special kitty.   Her friends are very annoying. I liked Stevie -Rae, to a point, but then the country became too much that I would've loved to shove her cowboy boots down her throat. The Twins . . . yes, I did like them. But then their constant . . . I dunno, how they were, just got to be too much and it was like a vampire version of Gossip Girl. Damien's gay, and that was cool, showed some diversity, but the vocabulary usage, swooning over Erik, and crap made me want to beat him with a dictionary.   Never have I ever wanted to physically harm a cast of characters.   Yes, the book is interesting. It was a slightly different take on vampires, well, the vampires I was used to anyway. And the elemental thing was an attraction to me. But Zoey is so damn adored, for her awsomeness, her powers, her looks, it's infuriating! And the girl frowns upon everything. Zoey Redbird can do no wrong.  Now, I know other people like this book, i get that. Hell, I did, and do, kind of. But personally, I think it could be better.  So, again I say, to each his/her own
B001N1DPDE|5.0|I've always been told what a great knife this is and I was definitely not let down.  This blade is a strait-up beast.
B002BU0DPE|1.0|I bought this headset 3 months ago and its the 2nd turtle beach I've owend,I allways take good care of my things, and even though I made sure not to be rough or drop this item it still broke. It seems that the rotating piece that holds the headphones togather is made of cheap polastic and snaps easily.
B003Q6D1YW|2.0|Don't be like me and watch the trailer and not read the review.  Like many others, I was sucked in to the trailer!  The trailer ended with a quote pretending the last 40 minutes of the movie were going to be intense.  I got to the half way point of the movie and couldn't wait to see what happened, especially after he looks into the barn.  Then I waited and waited and waited for something to happen.  I was like a kid on Christmas morning opening up socks after socks, waiting for a toy!  This movie is not a thriller, barely a drama.  It is a made up story of some weird lady on the internet.  It would have probably been a great movie if it had been a thriller or action movie for the last 40 minutes.  Please save the 1.5 hours of your life and do not watch this.
B004DF3S7A|5.0|Rod Stewart has the ability to take classic songs and make them his own. My favorite track is \\"What A Wonderful World\\".  Rod is accompanied by Stevie Wonder on this track. Stevie lends his talents playing the harmonica on this song. It sounds very special.  \\"Bye Bye Blackbird\\" is another gem of a song.  It is an upbeat tune with excellent trumpet and clarinet playing. Rod sets a romantic tone with the song \\"I Can't Get Started\\". The trumpet playing and piano playing is so relaxing. \\"These Foolish Things\\" is another song I love on this disc.  This song has a groovy bass tone. The saxophone playing gives this tune a jazzy sounding quality. \\"Beyond The Sea\\" has a wistful romantic quality. This song is very pleasant to listen to.  The musical arrangements on this song are so good.  \\"You'll Never Know\\" is a new song to me. It is a song about a special person.  This is a song has good background vocals.  I love the ooh's ooh's in the background.  \\"They Can't Take That Away From Me\\" is another song about how the memory of a special someone can linger for a life time.  The saxophone sounds cool on this song.  I like the track \\"Time After Time\\".  Rod's vocals are so warm and inviting on this song  \\"Long Ago And Far Away\\" is a song about how a loved one can change a person's outlook on life.  I love the music on this disc. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys easy listening music.
B002ZG98Z0|5.0|I expected this movie to be terrible from all of the reviews I read and heard from friends.     I'm a new SATC fan. I just bought the entire series and the two movies last month to get over a break-up. It took me a season or two to get into the series, but once I did, it was amazing. I guess I don't find the concept of speaking frankly about sex to be novel, and that's why it took a little time to latch on to the genius of the show. Once I began getting to know the characters, I was hooked. It has been such a wonderful time to see them and their relationships grow, and I think that's a huge part of why I love the movies.     This movie was very funny and very touching. I laughed and I cried, and I was thoroughly surprised at how great it was. I highly recommend watching it if you're a fan of the series and if you have seen the first movie. It was incredible, really, and it satisfied me entirely with its storyline. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
B003B02OQ4|2.0|I just want to mention how disappointed I am with the Kindle prices on all of these John Grisham books.  It seems like they should be lower.  I could go to the bookstore and buy the paperback for this.  Or get it even cheaper at a used book store.  Just saying...
030746363X|1.0|I bought into the hype, despite the nagging voice telling me I was wasting my money. The voice was right, there are some things in here that are/might be useful, but most of it stuff you already know or can find elsewhere. If you want to read about swell the author is then this book is worth it. For example, he regales readers with an incident where after days of eating fatty, grass-fed beef scads of women at a restaurant can't take their eyes off him and the phermones he exudes drives his date, an otherwise intelligent woman, into a frenzied sex-crazed animal.<br />And, be advised, buying all the recommended gadgets and supplements would set you back a pretty penny.<br />Not the worst thing in the world, I'd give it an overall meh.<br />Caveat emptor.
B0028KCH5G|4.0|The third season of Dexter starts strong. Both the first and second seasons were very enjoyable. Dexter's development as a character is the main reason each season is worth watching. His character develops much further in season three. However, I didn't always enjoy the other characters in this season. If you liked season one and two, then you should watch this. Don't expect it to grab you as much as the previous seasons though.
B003PGNBO8|4.0|As far as I know, this series, like \\"The 4400\\" was summarily cancelled, as usual leaving viewers hanging.  It makes one wary of being loyal to ANY network series.  The TV people still haven't figured out that there can be ten and only ten \\"top 10\\" shows, instead rushing to cancel any new show that doesn't make the top 10 immediately.  Of course, this inevitably follows moving the broadcast to different times on different nights (a sure sign that the end is near), further confusing and losing viewers.  Fox pulled the same thing with \\"Firefly\\" some years ago; however, each episode in that series was more self-contained and a defined ending to the series was not as necessary. An earlier review of \\"FlashForward\\" referred to a 19th episode.  Because of the networks' slapdash \\"new episode-rerun-hiatus-rerun-new episode\\" start and stop tactics, one can not even be sure of catching all the episodes that were broadcast.  That said, this was a pretty decent series with a great cast.  I've rated it four stars only because I presume that it was an incomplete story and why would one invest in that?
0375703764|5.0|A serious book! And more evidence that a book doesn't have to be stupid to qualify as horror! What a shock!
076115678X|4.0|\\"Where there's a wave, there's a curl,\\" says Lorraine Massey.  And she should know.  Not only did she start a group of hair salons that cater to curly heads, but she was the author of the original Curly Girl handbook that began the \\"curly revolution\\" in our nation!    In the ten years since the original Curly Girl book came out, Lorraine has gathered even more curly know-how, which she shares in the newly-released, curlier-than-ever version of the Curly Girl: The Handbook. I learned a lot of new tips and facts in its pages.  Did you know that hair is 97% protein, thus the protein intake in your diet directly affects your hair's health?  The illustration of a hair's cuticles using pine cones was easy to understand (\\"smooth = moist cuticle, open = dry, frizzed cuticle\\").  And for the first time I realized why curly hair is never as glossy as straight hair (its shape doesn't reflect the light as well!).    I also noticed a lot of things that hadn't been in the first edition of the book, but that I'd learned along the way about my own curls.  Lorraine's \\"jet-set\\" method of putting in extra gel for travel and not shaking out her curls until she arrived is exactly what I do--and I well remember the days of cranking up my car heater to dry my curls on the way to work!  The expanded information on not only choosing a hair stylist but cutting your own curls proved very helpful for this girl who's always taking the scissors to her curls, too.    It was great to see real, live curly girl models gracing the pages of Curly Girl instead of just curly celebrity types.  Another thing I really appreciated is that even though Lorraine now owns her own DevaCurl product line, she didn't push it in the book.  She still shared with curly girls the good and bad ingredients to watch for, as well as a plethora of \\"recipes\\" for homemade hair care (including lots of new ones I can't wait to try--like a ginger rinse!).  There's even a chapter for curly guys that my curly husband had to check out (the fact that chemical-filled shampoo can cause hair loss has not yet convinced him to throw out his shampoo bottles, though).    I'd rather have seen the publisher keep the historical timeline of curls through the ages from the first edition of the book, over bringing back the curly astrology.  And there are a few stories I wish they'd have left out--moms might want to edit a page or two before sharing the book with their younger girls.  But the updated information in the book, along with the new how-to DVD, makes it a great addition to any curly girl's library--even if she already has the first edition!
0060090383|5.0|This book was a fantastic look at addiction and recovery and the underlying emotional issues behind addiction. Rachel's a likable character throughout- even when she's being horrible- and I think Ms. Keyes did a fantastic job with the material.    That being said- the marketing person who chose this cover art should be fired. A book about addiction recovery and the cover art you choose is a girl dancing around with a bottle of champagne looking happy and content with life?
B002N5N4M6|4.0|Explore the rise and fall of Penny and Leonard's romance, the evil of Wil Wheaton, and the beginning of the infamous Amy Farrah Fowler experiment.  It's all here in widescreen format.  No commercials, and some cute features.  Hilarious moments as the boys lose a bet and dress as female superheroes, and Raj finally gets laid.  Season 3 of TBBT has found its rhythm and voice.  It's well done.
B0013TXA5Y|4.0|I think everything's been said about this book. I liked the world building, I loved it was in New York, I liked the characters and the plot was good. There were things I could see from a mile away but I enjoyed it a lot nonetheless.     I wasn't much impressed with the heroine, Clary, even if she didn't do anything stupid. It was as if I couldn't really feel her worries and grief. Jace, on the other hand, was more memorable, even if we rarely had an insight of him and he did his best to keep his feelings under control. The armor he wears of a boy who doesn't have to depend on anyone, who doesn't need to grow attached to another human being, grows very thin by the end of the book. He is a rounded character with the attitude of a grown-up, but the struggles and insecurities of a teenager.     The other character I truly liked is Simon, Clary's best friend. He is the underdog between the Shadowhunters and the creatures of the Downworld, but he's smart and resourceful and it doesn't matter if things doesn't go as he's planned, he always keeps his dignity intact ***spoiler*** even when he's transformed in a rat ***end spoiler.*** He's probably my favorite in the book.     It's a very enjoyable read, which leaves a lot of situations open and I will certainly read the sequel.
B004BLJQOK|4.0|The cover of the DVD quotes Stephen King as saying this is \\"the best American horror film in the last 20 years.\\"  Too bad it's really an American remake of the Swedish film Let The Right One In.  If you haven't seen the original and don't like movies with subtitles, don't worry.  The American remake will suffice for you.  It's the eerily slow tempo and oddities of both films that really make you shiver.  It's the story of a lonely young boy, the victim of bullies at his school, who befriends a young female vampire who moves in next door in his apartment complex.  They both give each other a bit of confidence, despite the consequences a friendship between them could cause.<br /><br />The differences between the two films are probably numerous to some who have obsessed over them, but as far as the storyline goes, they are pretty much the same.  Obviously, there's a bit of emotion lost from having to read the subtitles which non-Swedish speaking Americans will get to enjoy in this film.  But it's not all about the dialogue.  There are long bouts of scary silence in both films where you don't always want to know what's happening (but you do), and you don't need someone talking to tell you. The two lonely friends sitting outside in the snow on a jungle gym beneath the yellow security light plays on our emotions just as much as seeing Owen, the young boy, get picked on by his bullies.<br /><br />Since I've seen both films, I'm going to tell you what I liked better about the Americanized version.  First, I didn't mind the lack of Owen's father in the movie.  His scenes are brief in the original, but not really needed for anything other than to establish is parents are separated but Owen still has a relationship with both.  The lack of a father figure in his life is not really the reason Owen is such a weak character that always gets picked on at school.  Again, dialogue quickly establishes that his parents are getting divorced.  There's only a phone call to his father in the remake, where he reaches out to him to ask if there is such a thing as evil.<br /><br />I also thought Abby's caregiver played much more of a part in this film and we really got to see his conflict play out.  There are differences in his \\"killing\\" scenes in both films, but the reason behind them is the same.  In the remake, however, we see that the victims live in the same apartment complex and Owen knows who they are by watching them through a telescope in his bedroom window.<br /><br />All in all, it's not a bad remake.  Like I said, if you haven't seen the Swedish version, you won't be missing anything.  The dynamic and sadness of both films is definitely there, even the bizarre ending which you'd never expect.  The one thing that I didn't like about the remake though was Owen asking Abby if she was a vampire.  I also didn't like the scenes where we got to see her face after she had fed and her appearance and eyes had become more monster-like.  NOT seeing this sort of teases your mind and increases the intensity, and while Abby doesn't answer Owen's question, there was no need to establish what she was.  What's more important is that Owen doesn't care about that.  He only cares about her friendship.<br /><br />Definitely worth a watch if you have not (or even have) seen the original, or if you enjoy a \\"good\\" vampire flick.  I agree with King that it's one of the best horror films lately.  Too bad it's not really ours.he reaches out to him to ask if there is such a thing as evil.    I also thought Abby's caregiver played much more of a part in this film and we really got to see his conflict play out.  There are differences in his \\"killing\\" scenes in both films, but the reason behind them is the same.  In the remake, however, we see that the victims live in the same apartment complex and Owen knows who they are by watching them through a telescope in his bedroom window.    All in all, it's not a bad remake.  Like I said, if you haven't seen the Swedish version, you won't be missing anything.  The dynamic and sadness of both films is definitely there, even the bizarre ending which you'd never expect.  The one thing that I didn't like about the remake though was Owen asking Abby if she was a vampire.  I also didn't like the scenes where we got to see her face after she had fed and her appearance and eyes had become more monster-like.  NOT seeing this sort of teases your mind and increases the intensity, and while Abby doesn't answer Owen's question, there was no need to establish what she was.  What's more important is that Owen doesn't care about that.  He only cares about her friendship.    Definitely worth a watch if you have not (or even have) seen the original, or if you enjoy a \\"good\\" vampire flick.  I agree with King that it's one of the best horror films lately.  Too bad it's not really ours.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Ok, first off, AMAZING book. Suzanne Collins is the my favorite author. Before my math teacher reccomended this book, I had heard great things about this author and book from my friends. (I am 11, but I am an advanced reader.) I stated to read this book, because my friends were giving it five stars. Now, I am desperatley searching for thw second book. I reccomend this book to anyone who loves action, adventure, and cliffhangers. I seriously just read for two-three hours to finish this book. (I was only about half way through it.) This is the best book EVER!
0071373586|3.0|If you are building a brand or a business you need to think about positioning and branding.  What is it that you want to stand for that is unique and different in the market place?  Positioning isn't just for big brands - it is for any brand (even your personal brand.<br /><br />I would definitely recommend this book - it is well worth the read, but I would probably only give it 3.5 stars out of 5.  The main reason is that the examples are WAY out of date (the book is 30 years old).  The principles still apply today, however it is tough to follow a book that is referencing examples from when I was 2 years old.<br /><br />I have also read another book by the same authors \\"The 22 Immutable Laws of Branding\\" and I liked this MUCH more.<br /><br />So, bottom line:  It is a good book, worth a read, solid principles, but out of date.  This book is especially relevant if you work for a big company (most of the examples are big company examples), but the principles can also be applied to any business, or your personal brand.<br />Key Points:<br /><br />  * The position of your brand or business is in the eyes of your prospect or customer.  It doesn't matter what you think your business or brand stands for or is about.  They key is the perception that your customers have.  \\"Positioning is how you differentiate yourself in the mind of the prospect.  That is, you position the product in the mind of the prospect.\\"<br />  * Our society is overcommunicated.  Even 30 years ago there were so many commercials that you had to really work to break through the noise.  \\"We have become the world's first overcommunicated society.  Each year we send more and receive less\\"<br />  * It is difficult to change minds If your positioning strategy involves changing that people already think you will have a difficult time.  The best strategies are congruent with what people already think and set to add or move existing perceptions, not totally change them.  Once a mind is made up it is almost impossible to change.  The mind accepts only that which matches prior knowledge or experience.<br />  * Create oversimplified messages. You are lucky if people can remember one message and associate it back to your product.  Less is more.  Oversimplify and stick to a single message.  Link one concept to one product.<br />  * Create a category you can win. Define the category differently so that you are the biggest/best/awesomest.  It is better to be a big fish in a little pond and then expand the pond.  Leadership matters.  You have to be #1 or #2.<br />  * Look for the hole.  Then fill it. Where is the positioning white space?  What are your competitors missing in how they are positioned.  What are the customer benefits that are not being addressed or exploited by competitors?  Don't fall in to the \\"everybody\\" trap.  You can't be all things to all people.  You will end up being nothing at all.<br />  * 80% of learning takes place through the eyes. Words matter.  Especially in the service business.  You need to own a phrase.  Visualize the words that you are using.  The goal is to drive verbal ideas into the mind.<br />  * Isolating a narrow target is usually the first step in finding an effective position. The narrower and better defined target the better.  This will help clarify your position.ly that which matches prior knowledge or experience.      * Create oversimplified messages. You are lucky if people can remember one message and associate it back to your product.  Less is more.  Oversimplify and stick to a single message.  Link one concept to one product.      * Create a category you can win. Define the category differently so that you are the biggest/best/awesomest.  It is better to be a big fish in a little pond and then expand the pond.  Leadership matters.  You have to be #1 or #2.      * Look for the hole.  Then fill it. Where is the positioning white space?  What are your competitors missing in how they are positioned.  What are the customer benefits that are not being addressed or exploited by competitors?  Don't fall in to the \\"everybody\\" trap.  You can't be all things to all people.  You will end up being nothing at all.      * 80% of learning takes place through the eyes. Words matter.  Especially in the service business.  You need to own a phrase.  Visualize the words that you are using.  The goal is to drive verbal ideas into the mind.      * Isolating a narrow target is usually the first step in finding an effective position. The narrower and better defined target the better.  This will help clarify your position.
0307595579|5.0|This is the best mystery series I have ever read. It ranks with the List of Adrian Messenger, for a multitude of interesting characters, and plot twists.  The title character is wonderful.    However, I do have two \\"bones to pick,\\" one with the stories, and one with the publisher.      In the stories, winter temperatures are mentioned in numbers, but summer temperatures are not.  For summer temperatures it is simply stated that the temperature were sweltering.  For those of us not living in Sweden, It would have been informative to know what a Swede considers to be a sweltering temperature.    Now for the publisher.  In the small book about Stieg Larsson, the publisher mentions that new maps were added when the titles were changed.  The map of southern Sweden, inside the back cover of all 3 books, contains a blank rectangle for an insert of the details of Stockholm.  The Stockholm details only apply to the third book. for which the details are provided inside the front cover.  The first story takes place in Hedestad, which is an hour north of Gavle, yet the map of Sweden which is provided shows neither Gavle nor Hedestad. The map only goes as far up the Norrland coast as Uppsala, although a detail map of Hedeby Island is provided, inside the front cover.      Why not provide a map showing Sweden as far north as Hedestan, and Hedeby Island?  We aren't dealing with Area 51 here.
0743270754|5.0|One reviewer said that this book is like hanging out with Lincoln, and I would have to agree. All the positive reviews are well deserved and I have little to add. It seems apparent, after reading this book, that Lincoln was the only one of the prominent political figures in this book that could have held the Union together. He did so   by his own strength, patience, conviction, and understanding of human behaviour. Many of the eventual cabinet members didn't hold Lincoln in high regard at the beginning of his presidency, and some had bitter rivalries with others. He succeeded in bringing the best minds in the country together and coaxing the best performances out of them.  One very successful businessman in my circle of acquaintances said this was \\"the best management book he has ever read\\". It's also excellent history.
0099496100|4.0|Great book with intriguing characters. Story flows nicely and can definitely be enjoyed by older children and adults alike. Nothing to confuse the readers as some sci-fi does with too much technical information or unpronounceable names. Card gets criticized for his simple writing and to me that's ridiculous. Not that his writing is simple but to be criticized for it. If any creative artist can make something truly enjoyable without feeling the need to add bells & whistles or bedazzle the cover, they have done something far greater than is given credit for. George Lucas may not have written the most incredible screenplay or actor dialogue but he created Star Wars. Kevin Costner has never been praised for his artistic complexity but he created Dances with Wolves. Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island-simple but great.
1400079144|2.0|I was honestly a little disappointed with this one. It was very violent, and focused a little too much on drowning for my taste. I also wasn't buying the Noetic science or the apotheosis. Katherine got on my nerves, and Mal'akh was way too evil for really no reason. That being said, it was very creative, and Dan Brown really did his homework. Langdon was brilliant, as usual. Worth the read if you're a Dan Brown or Robert Langdon fan, but otherwise, it isn't phenomenal.
0307346617|5.0|I have never read anything about zombies nor have I ever seen a serious film about the undead, so I have basically nothing to use as a frame of reference but, wow! I read the book solely on the reviews because the premise couldn't be further from the types of work I usually read, and I was never disappointed. Brooks made something so unrealistic and really made me feel like I was reading the minutes of interviews from people I live next to, work with, or have seen on the local news and how they felt about the zombie war. I never would have thought to be consumed by a book about the living dead but I couldn't stop reading it and have recommended it to every one I know that reads and to some that don't.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|And with the clear simplicity of the cover, I thought this book would be a simple, quick, and good read. Two out of three ain't bad though right? This book was anything but simple. It was very well written in that, I could feel the emotions of the characters. The author was very good and I can find very little that I didn't like about the book. The reason I didn't give it five stars was because like every book, there were some parts I found boring (the beginning) just because it's a slow start. but, other than that, it's a good INSIGHTFUL read and I liked it very much. I don't regret buying it.
B000MD9UJC|1.0|I purchased two of these to upgrade two AA Mag-Lite authentic flashlights with the normal bulb.  I tried both kits, one at a time, in each flashlight, and neither worked.  I tried parts from each together thinking maybe some of each kit was bad.  Nothing.  This is a terrible product, and I can understand now why several Mag-Lite statements indicate that this upgrade voids the warranty.  Look for better alternatives.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|I found this book as another succes frm Rick Riodian. I have always loved his books and have read all of them. I really thimk you should not read this book though if you have not read the Percy Jackson serious. You might get a little confused but you will most definetly catch on at some point...hopefully. I am almost finished with the book and I think it is really funny!!! Hope yo enjoy the book as much as I have!!! :-)
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am the mother of a 2 1/2 year old & an 8 month old. I really wanted to get back in shape however I don't have a lot of time. Jillian's workout delivers great results in 20 minutes!! After 3 weeks I notice more tone and less \\"flab\\" in those post baby trouble spots! I have lost about 8 lbs as well. This workout isn't easy nor does it claim to be, but it works!! Realistically I get to it about 4 days a week. I am currently on Level 2 and by the end I am sweating!! Since starting this workout I really feel better & stronger. I plan on adding more of Jillian's workout dvds to my collection.
B0019NB9A2|5.0|I was thrilled to finally own this sci-fi classic in the Blu-Ray format! It is a major upgrade over the old standard DVD , presenting the movie the way it was intended to be viewed on a modern HDTV. I mean the difference will blow you away! If you are a fan of Forbidden Planet - buy this Blu-Ray , you will not be disappointed!
B00004YX0R|2.0|This guys play Beethoven in a extremely relaxed, lyrical manner, very similar to how the Quartetto Italiano plays. Except that their touch is light and with barely any warmth, a complete opposite of the old school style of the Quartetto Italiano with lots of warmth and weight. The end result is that this is the most shallow, boring Beethoven quartet set I have ever heard; all the drama, fire and passion I expect from Beethoven's music is missing hear. The Quartetto Italiano plays relaxed but never without any fire in their music, and never boring. So I am not sure why some of the guys here rate this set so highly; perhaps they play this set by their bedside to accompany their sleep?
B0042JIL2E|5.0|I love her first album 'Love Tattoo' and this is an AWESOME follow up. You can not really nail down her sound since it goes from feel good rockabilly to jazz to blues. Her voice is so soulful that the little hairs stand up on my arm. She is truly talented and I cannot wait to hear more from her!!!
B00005KK4P|2.0|I do agree that the sets from the likes of Beecham and Abbado can be a bit too light and shallow, but Bohm is the complete opposite; he conducts not just at a snail's pace but with a weight of an elephant, and turns the delightful, charming and witty tunes of Schubert into a funeral march. There's a very big difference between adding more drama and depth into Schubert and changing the nature of his music although. His 9th is a very good one, but his other effort, especially his 5th, can be a chore to listen too. For a set that's heavier than Beecham's and Abbado's but not as heavy as Bohm's I highly recommend Wand's and Blomstedt's set, Blomstedt in particular conducts with broad tempos like Bohm but is much more lively and intelligent.
B003YBNREI|4.0|As a fan of the Doobie Brothers since the 70s I have to say that this CD is really good. I am partial to the original line up and this sounds like the old Doobies. Some may say it has nothing fantastic on it but so many bands after so many years do run out of steam and we realize that. This project however is very good for a band who has been doing it for so long. Too many people expect bands from 40 years ago to write and play like they did 40 years ago. I wouldn't expect ball players from the 70s to be as good as they were back then. But this project is well worth the money.
B003UYUQZW|4.0|This is another in the recent phenomenon of video games brought to life on the big screen. In most respects the translation is successful. The action sequences are top notch and the cinematography is gorgeous. Ben Kingsley makes a wonderful villain and Gemma Arterton is well cast as the strong willed and capable princess.<br /><br />However, the film has a number of flaws which drop it into the four star category. Jake Gyllenhall seems miscast as a prince here. He just doesn't look the part; he's more of an unkempt bad boy than a prince. He lacks the polish and nobility one usually associates with the hero of the Prince of Persia video games. I realize that a street smart brawler is what the screenplay was going for but it just didn't work for me.<br /><br />There are also annoying anachronisms. The Alfred Molina character was the worst offense; he sounded far too contemporary and takes one out of the fantasy world the film is trying to build up. Also, it is not clear exactly what Persia we're supposed to be seeing here. The Persian Empire of 2500 years ago? Persia of the Caliphate period? Both are hinted at. Or more likely, a Persia that never was?<br /><br />Worse by far is the plot. It involves a \\"do over\\" device - a dagger that can turn back time. This is more of a science fiction than fantasy element and completely robs the story of any suspense. Normally time travel stories get around this by emphasizing the clever uses of the paradoxes involved but there is little of that here. Only the scene where the prince deliberately kills himself to desperately make a point seems particularly well thought out.<br /><br />Summing up, this is an entertaining film but not a five star one.
B001GKJ2FM|5.0|I loved this movie when I saw it in theaters & recently saw the musical on stage. It definitely has you singing & dancing in your seat. I could watch it over & over.
B003EI2EH2|1.0|This book is more for men who want to lose weight and bulk up.  It is not for women who want to lose weight. Total wast of money.
B0042J6VUS|4.0|I have an otterbox, so it is larger than what fits, but I sorta broke the tripod a little so it works.  Otherwise works like a charm.
B0010358CG|5.0|Let me try to find the right words, and one thing to say that covers both Appleseed movies, Blu ray is the way to appreciate everything these films are. Quality on a whole other level. Almost an instant choice in my list of top three blu-ray. That would include these 2 and Avatar. Stand alone, exceptional, and one of a kind experience. These are the blu-ray that make blu-ray!!!<br /><br />After the original \\"Appleseed\\" gained popularity from maybe a cult level, the sequel was long-awaited. The film makers must have known the original was incredibly designed on every level. What was already made was put to the most cutting edge computer animation resources for this second film.<br /><br />As a sequel I will assume many will know about the story elements. I will simply say that that this is a well connected continuation. At the time of it's release a third was planned, apparently dropped but not absolutely sure. You can be sure this is good in every way.<br /><br />So the one point that makes the whole review is \\"Get the Appleseed movies, and get them on blu-ray!!!\\"
