0385495315|5.0|I have thoroughly enjoyed reading this, not only for its fascinating content, but also for the author's superb writing.  Additionally, I am having a great time working solutions for the problems he sets at the end!   I thoroughly recommend it!
B000002W5J|3.0|A masterpiece of music for its time,but the sound quality not so good,I agree with the duude before me r.c.a should up-grade the sound to this album,just like ELEKTRA did to the doors.I hope other rec/compnys do the  same to other classic timeless gems for the next generation to appreciate.
B000002BHE|5.0|ilove her. My song with my fiance is &quot;Because you loved me&quot;. It will be our weddign song and i just love all her songs. I can't wait to buy her new cd that came out today!  Great Job Celine! Keep it up!
B000023VR6|1.0|I got the cd and was WhAck and corny.The songs were all quik.The beats in the songs were so corny my great great grandmom can make better beats.No effort was put in this cd.Whoever bought this cd is wasting money and time.
6304466498|4.0|mel brooks is notorious for making spoofs and theis time is no different.  I love rick moranis's dark helmet character and i really love the battlescene ala luke versus darth vader at the end of the movie where they  hit a cameraman.
6301008960|5.0|I love this movie!  I have seen it so many times I've lost count.  This movie started the &quot;no bangs&quot; fad.  After I saw this movie I wanted hair just like Cindi's.  I also wanted a convertible Rabbit.
0964385619|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read in a long time
078322706X|5.0|I really enjoyed Brad in this movie. I cried and laughed. Anthony Hopkins was superb! You never think about death coming to get you and fall in love at the same time. And at the end of the movie when the daughter realized  what was happening was a crying moment. It is a movie for the whole family  to see.
0064400557|5.0|Charlotte's Web is a great book for all ages. I enjoyed this book the first time I read it when I was in grade school and I enjoyed it again in college. I think this is a wonderful story.
6302794331|5.0|Easily the best of the Muppet movies, I can only second the literature professor's comments. Dickens would very probably have liked this version of his story too.  Michael Caine plays the part straight and with an  intensity that suggests he had waited for the chance to play Scrooge for  some time. If Alistair Sim was a light hearted Scrooge and George C Scott  was bluff then Caine is deadly serious - which only gives the Muppets the  proper foil to work their humour from. As Jim Henson once said, the best  guests to have on the show are the ones that can treat the Muppets like  actors. The humour is great, the songs and storyline touching. Great for  kids of all ages and I am grateful to it for the line: 'You are SUCH an  idiot!' which I use often.
B000002L99|5.0|Back in '86, I was not excited that a new singer would be fronting my beloved Van Halen. Who could do better than the other guy? Answer: Sammy Hagar.  The band obviously had a great time with this recording and Hagar  brought new life into the music. This is a rock classic that no collection  would be complete without.
B00002R0MC|5.0|These CD's offer the listener hours of pure reggae music at its best. Bob Marley delivers powerful, thought provoking lyrics accompanied by The Wailers providing the ground breaking rhythm. These recordings are a  necessity for Reggae lovers everywhere.
B000002KCI|4.0|Zuma is without doubt some of Neil Young's and Crazy Horse's best work. It is a great mix of very heavy with some quieter stuff. The highlight of the album is a long mix of Cortez the Killer which shows the guitar geneous of  Neil Young. If you are a Neil Young fan this album is a must.
B000002G23|5.0|The Police were the closest thing the late 70s/early 80s had to the Beatles: smart songs with pop hooks and commercial appeal and plenty of juicy licks by great instrumentalists. And they were photogenic. A little  something for everyone. And by and large, all of their music is worth  hearing. Unlike Led Zeppelin, whose great box set is a little all over the  place, the Police were smart enough to keep it more or less in  chronological order. It works especially well for them since their albums  have distinct feels to them. And there are a bunch of tasty treats to boot,  such as the spooky &quot;I Burn for You.&quot; People who think of Sting as  a pompous blowhard should listen to tracks like &quot;Demolition Man&quot;  or &quot;Canary in a Coalmine&quot; and realize that there was a time when  his priority was rocking out, not yoga or 7/8 time signatures. At the same  time, the band had an extraordinary sense of space and never felt the need  to fill every possible bar with their prodigious instrumental abilities.  See &quot;Walking on the Moon&quot; or &quot;Voices inside my Head&quot;  for examples. And Stewart Copeland is one of rock's all-time premier  drummers. His crisp, fluent attack brings the music to an exaltant level, a  level which is rarely reached in Sting's often pretentiously self-aware  solo work.
0684833395|5.0|Yossarian doesn't want to fight and get killed.  For this reason, the army psychiatrists rule that he is sane.  If Yossarian were to want to fight and get killed, the Army would still not send him home because he is just the  kind of man they need....Get the picture?  Catch-22 is a moving novel about  the individual soul's continual despair at the neverending combat with the  absurd and unreasonable in life, particularly war.  The humor hurts and  enrages.  Yossarian's situation seems irremediable and, down to the last  pages, one wonders if it is sane to even go on.<br />If this book does not  awaken you to the insanity of those around you, then you are probably part  of the problem....
0375701427|1.0|This book's writing style was tedious--a very poorly written book as far as I'm concerned. The sentences were unnecessarily packed--often 10 and 12 lines long--and the 2- and 3-page wanderings between lines of dialog were  maddening. I had the feeling I was following someone who didn't really know  where he was going or why. The book club I go to gave it 9 thumbs down and  only 1 thumbs up. I read Portnoy's Complaint when it first came out years  ago and didn't like it either, and this current book reminded me of it  despite the almost 30 intervening years. It was my book club's consensus  that this would be our last Roth selection. I am dumbfounded as to how a  book like this could win a Pulitzer Prize. What do they use for criteria?  Surely not writing technique.
B000002KLQ|5.0|I have owned this album for many many years and never get sick of it.  I can listen to the last 3 minutes of &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; over and over again, all day long.  &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; never fails to move  me to tears.  I only wish there were a comparable musical journey out  there, as I just can't get enough!  It is easy to give credit to Mark  Knofpler's extreme talent, however, this album is a milestone of perfection  for the entire group.  Nothing can touch this (&quot;Love Over Gold&quot;  comes close though!).
0440219078|5.0|When you start reading the book you do not understand anything , but then more and more the fictual world is building up in your mind. The main character a boynamed Jonas is a little bit out of the ordinary . So for   example he csn see things others can't.He lives in a  &quot;preconditioned&quot; world where people are not supposed to do their  own decisions . Later he becoms the Receiver of his community . That means   he will be  after his training the leader of the Elders a committee that  leads the community . And last but not least there is a rule for everything  even for things like the age  when children get their bikes . All in all  &quot;The Giver&quot; is a very interesting novel that by the way was  awarded with the Newbery Medal and other important prizes . But I think you  have to make up your own opinion so buy it , read it , like it .
0440180295|5.0|A great metaphor of middle class america, world war two, and a fictional land of tralfamado. Billy Pilgrim the Optometrist will help you see the truth about world war two and the bombing of dresden. You follow his  pilgrimage as he is unstuck in time by plunjer shaped tralfamadorian  aliens.  War really is completely different world deadly to humans. Look  into the fourth dimension.
B000023VR6|5.0|------Dr. Dre has masturfully perfected the G-funk sound and has created a new sound... Chronic Funk; all while bringing intelligence and &quot;realness&quot; back to hip-hop. A great follow up to  Snoop's first  album...Doggystyle! Remember who the real trendsetter in hip-hop is!  One  Love.
6303942830|5.0|This movie was great. It is one of my all time top 10. I liked it a lot because it has a very big historical backround that makes the whole movie seem very real.<br />If you like movies about historical events, war, or  romance. This is a really good movie to get. And you never get tired of  watching it.
B00001QGPR|3.0|I must admit I was hoping for an album that would take Outside and Earthling a bit further and was very surprised to hear how mellow the album was. There's nothing wrong with mellow, but after listening to the album  several times, I just found it boring, with most of the songs just blending  into each other. I found the best song to be Track 6, &quot;What's Really  Happening&quot;, but other than that nothing really jumped out at me.
0784010501|5.0|I know that the world has had a LOVE/Hate relationship with Madonna from the beginning and she proved all of the hypocrisy when she became the most famous woman in the World, despite the vicious attacks on her morals and  character. Especially after &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, Madonna shows that  she is the ULTIMATE ICON and inspiration for women, that they really do  rule the world!  She is BEAUTIFUL, BRILLIANT, and fascinating as she  continues to reinvent herself as she pushes the envelope to explore the  deeper meaning of life beyond all the money and glitz. She has become even  more beautiful at 40!  You go, girl.  You are a great role model for all of  us to be our best.  THANK YOU, Madonna, for all that you have given us.   Kathy in CA  kfurtado2@aol.com
B000002C25|2.0|This album is the perfect example of what can happen when a band achieves too much success too early.<br />Definitely Maybe had a raw feeling of authenticity because the Gallaghers were hungry.  They wanted the rock and  roll stardom more than anyone else at the time and they deservedly received  it.  No matter what Noel claims, there is no way they could forecast their  surpassing of their heroes, The Stone Roses, in not only taking their  countrymen's votes, but also winning over the mainstream in America.<br />With  Morning Glory, Noel delivered the ballads, and MTV came calling.  While the  &quot;Supersonic&quot; clip was more exciting in terms of attitude, there  was a thrill to seeing the same girls who would now request the Backstreet  Boys calling in for &quot;Wonderwall&quot; and &quot;Champagne  Supernova.&quot;  Did either song really improve on &quot;Live  Forever?&quot;  Probably not, but the switch to acoustics translated into  more airplay.  Rock and roll fans could still get their power from the  underappreciated &quot;Some Might Say,&quot; possibly the strongest Oasis  rocker in the canon.<br />Too much too soon.  The third record, Be Here Now,  never hits the high points.  The rockers lack the intensity and the  credibility of Definitely Maybe and the ballads are practically identical  in structure to Morning Glory's.  The lack of freshness is dehabilitating.   &quot;It's Getting Better Man&quot; offers some hope, but is this band  done?<br />With the demise of Oasis popularity, what are we left with?   Mariah, Brittany, the Backstreet Boys, Ricky Martin, Jennifer Lopez, Kid  Rock, LimpBizkit, do I have to continue?<br />The answer is simple: Go to  Guided By Voices.  Start with &quot;Bee Thousand&quot; and work your way up  chronologically.  Drink beer and see them live.  Thank you for your  consideration.
0671578278|2.0|The book is a collection of love stories about Miles, Gregor, and the Koudelka sisters. The typical action sequences in other Bujold books do not start here until page 338 in the 405 page hardcover edition.
0061002860|4.0|First off, I was indeed surprised at the end. I had the unexpected displeasure of reading this book in bits and pieces over 3 weeks. So the subtle little clues alluded to at the end, in hindsight, I actually  questioned at the time, but the time between readings let any questions be  forgotten. So when the murderer was revealed I was a little ticked for not  remembering these things.<br />Oh, well. It was a very enjoyable read and I  suggest it be read over a day or two paying close attention to the night of  the murder.
B00000J631|5.0|I think this is a good cd but my favorite still stays at The offsprings Hand Grenades.  The Blink 182 song Family Reunion has curses every other word
B000021XR5|5.0|well , change is good , instead of doing core over and over stp have changed theyre sound a little and its still great ; the album starts with down which brings back the old stp sound , then theyre three good songs  (heaven and hot rods , pruno , and church on tuesday) but after that the  album starts to pick up , the rest of the songs (except mc5) are simply  magnificent , specially glide , I got you , no way out and sour girl.peace
B00000J7S8|5.0|This cd is the greatest. I really thought I would never hear those old songs again, sung the way they were intended to be sung. The band is great also. My kids even fell in love with it and bought their own! Now that's a  compliment! Thank you Ms. Krall.
0887308589|5.0|If you're going into the corporate world and want to know what to expect, or you are already there and want to &quot;get a second opinion&quot; about your situation, this is the book for you. Highly recommended
B00001OH1S|4.0|I liked it the first few songs are really great, I just wish they had included more of the instrumentals.  And it isn't nearly long enough.  But other than that it's a pretty good cd.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|This album is not nearly as good as the previous two albums.  There are no exceptional songs and the ones that they promote are simply samples of other previous songs.  If I had it do over again, I would definitely not  buy this album again!
0060273224|5.0|I first read this book as a Sophomore in high school and loved it. I bought it a few days after I finnished reading it. This is truly a great book. The imagery and characterization Nix uses to bring his characters and  the setting to life is truly brilliant. This is a book for all ages!
B00002DE2L|4.0|This CD is best listened in comparison with Mutter's earlier recording of the Four Seasons with von Karajan: one feels that the old recording was the  work of the dutiful protege, playing a technically perfect piece with the  maestro, while this new recording, on the other hand, casts away all stuffy  inhibitions. One can almost hear Mutter saying to Von Karajan, &quot;Well,  I did that textbook recording with you, but now let me do it MY WAY.&quot;  And what fun &quot;her way&quot; turns out to be, with the music pulsating  with energy and vibrancy at every twist. Sure, the pace sometimes seems  irregular and temperamental, but the sheer fun the musicians are having  simply shines through. The tones are rich, the turns of phrase unusual, and  every note is heartfelt. The fast movements are vintage Mutter, with all  the necessary devilry intact, while the slow passages are filled with an  emotion that did not seem present in the old recording with von Karajan. If  this is the new Mutter, I can't wait to hear more!
B0000214F3|5.0|This movie was one of the years best.It was very long but it didn't seem long at at!I loved the story and the actors were great! Brad Pitt as usual was awesome! The movie had wonderful points that you might not usually see  in other movies. I definitly recemend it to evetryone! Happy Birthday  Mindi!
0780619951|5.0|This movie was cool! The only thing I thought was a little much was the mouse men. They were admitedly a bit silly. Other than that, this movie rocked. Anything that starts with an atttack by a tiger shark can't be half  bad. The credits were an homage to David Finchers amazing work on Se7en.  David Thewlis, whom we only know from Dragoheart, was exceptional I  thought, as were the other cast. The animal characters were sooo cool, that  I wanted the film to go on forever. This is especially true with the  leopard man who dies almost as soon as he is introduced. He was showed so  prominantly in the previews that I thought he would have a bigger part. I  loved this movie from beginning to end and have seen it many times as I  have the LD. I wish someone would write about the interviews on the DVD so  I can decide if it's worth it to replace my LD. I also kind of have a  problem with the MPEG2 compression used on DVDs in that black areas get  really pixelly. Does anybody else have this problem?
B00002MZ4W|5.0|What can I say, Amazing Cd I'm listing to it right now. It may be short but it is a Masterpiece. It makes you wish for more. I love every song on here but if I had to pick a favorite it would be &quot;I Know&quot;. This  is the best Cd I have heard in a Long Long time!  Its like she is telling  one big story, its amazing how all the songs come together. Beautiful!
B000000WHX|2.0|Just saw &quot;The Insider&quot; directed by Michael Mann. The film ended with an inspired use of &quot;Safe from Harm&quot;. I immediately bought the soundtrack and was disappointed to learn that &quot;Safe from  Harm&quot; was not an instrumental. It did say that it was the  &quot;perfecto mix&quot;. Would appreciate any information concerning other  mixes of &quot;Safe from Harm&quot;.
B00001OH7O|5.0|I'm not sure why this isn't listed among Amazon's top Bowie albums. Bowie isn't exactly known for his consistency (which is part of what makes him interesting), but Hunky Dory is great from begining to end. Highly  recommended.
B000002UA5|5.0|Okay, so the studio disc isn't too hot.  But the live disc... it's the best CD you'll ever hear.  Nothing the Beatles or the Stones or the Dead (and I mean the Dead live, not their studio albums) did comes close.  All  four songs are unbelievably good, and Saucerful of Secrets... you'll just  have to listen to it yourself, I simply can't convey in words how beautiful  it is.<br />A few reviewers below gave the set 4 stars because of the second  disc.  Let me explain- on a scale of 1 to 5, the second disc is about a 1.   The first disc, on a scale of 1 to 5, is about 7.  They then averaged the  two to get a 4.  In other words, don't be misled; a lot of books/albums get  5 stars here at Amazon, but the first disc  is something special.
B00001ZULV|2.0|If you are a casual Genesis fan and don't understand why that is nuts, definitely stay away from this release.  &quot;The Way We Walk #1&quot; is much better if you want &quot;The Hits&quot; - Genesis sounds much better  live, and you get full versions of their best known songs.  For the  die-hard fan, buy this for &quot;The Carpet Crawlers&quot; only.  Excellent  vocals by Peter Gabriel and Phil Collins.  However, the rest of the album  will make you cry at the sorry state of this band.  &quot;The Hits&quot;  only includes awful edited versions - &quot;ABACAB&quot; and &quot;Tonight  X 3&quot; are cut in half, and gone are the incredible instrumentals that  made this band fantastic live.  For great NEW music, try Steve Hackett's  &quot;Darktown&quot; - an excellent release with 100 times more integrity  than &quot;The Hits&quot; total sellout, last minute ditch to try and  regain the band's popularity.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Bowing to the human tendency to label and rate, I'll call this Pink Floyd's second best album.  My favorite is Ummagumma (the live disc!), so perhaps it's unfair to compare, these two albums really being the creations  of two different Pink Floyds. This is probably Gilmour's best album- his  playing is phenomonal on all songs, and his work at the end of Sheep is  simply amazing.
B0000026WD|4.0|There are a few good songs.  Most of the time it's better to watch the songs' video than listen to them on this CD.
B000002U82|4.0|This is a good album, but the fourth best of the millenium?  It's not even Pink Floyd's fourth best album!  The only memorable songs from this album are the first four- Breathe, Run Like Hell, Time, and Great Gig in the Sky.   The rest just aren't very good; the music is poor (listen to Gilmour on  Animals for comparison), the lyrics have no emotional impact (compare  Animals, Wish You Were Here, &quot;Mother&quot; on the Wall), and the  energy and passion of their earlier efforts (Ummagumma, first disc) is  lacking.  <br />For Pink Floyd at their best, listen to 1) Ummagumma (live  disc, not that godawful studio disc) 2) Animals 3) Wish You Were Here 4)  The Wall
B00000269M|5.0|I think this is the best Michael's album. &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;Dirty Diana&quot;, &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; and &quot;Leave Me Alone&quot; are my favorites.
B00000JG41|4.0|So, it seems Bungle has changed styles again...well, what else is new?  They've been changing styles every 3 seconds - and this is why it's impossible to critisize anything they do because normal judging standards  fall apart.  Anyway, this record is a much easier listen than the previous  ones.  Granted, it's not as &quot;experemental&quot; as Disco Volante, and  it doesn't rock as hard as their self-titled, but it's still an amazing,  artsy, bungle-dropping.  By the way, these guys put on the most awesome  live show!  Go see 'em!  (oh, and buy California too)
0679412719|5.0|Here is a great book of meditations for both believers and atheists. Marcus Aurelius was emperor of Rome with an unfaithful wife, a worthless son, and the duties of leading an army for 13 years in what is now Germany.  Trying to cheer and console himself in the middle of a desolate area, he  wrote down what he remembered of the Stoic philosophy which he had studied.  His thoughts are inspiring and provoking. This is the book you want with  you when life becomes tough. As Marcus' view of god is a pantheistic one,  anyone can profit from his thoughts, whether atheist or believer. A book to  read ever few years. Highly recommended.
B00000IL1K|4.0|I love this CD !I,like one ofthe other people, used to never listen to, &quot;Highlights from the Phantom of the Opera! But know I do because I know that it has Sarah Brightman! ! !My most favroite singer in the wrold !  ! !  I also like Britney Spears Baby one more time . She's neet too .
B000006N61|4.0|&quot;Mad Max,&quot; the first film in a much-imitated but never equalled &quot;action&quot; tragedy/trilogy, perfectly sets up the following two movies. Together, they form an epic of one man's losses of all he loves, his ruthless revenge, and his eventual redemption, beginning in &quot;The Road Warrior,&quot; when he grudgingly assists a commune whose members repay him with treachery. Despite that, his metamorphosis comes to fruition in &quot;Thunderdome,&quot; in which Max regains his humanity to the fullest degree. <br />Side made several in Australia before this one, and the one to see is &quot;Tim,&quot; in which Mel gives an incredible performance that's about as opposite of an apocalyptic anti-hero as anyone could get. This man has amazing talents, to the &quot;Max.&quot;
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock comes of age in this slammin' cd whose beats and riffs keep the cd in the player for days on end.  Some say he is trying to be a black man but I disagree.  I think it is refreshing to see a white guy in the  mainstream sound of rap.  It is a sound whose time has come to be and  apparently many agree because it has gone platinum 4 times.  So to all you  haters - learn to live with it because Kid Rock is here to stay.  I just  hope Kid Rock can live up to my extremely high expectations for his next  album!
B00000IMYA|5.0|Diminuendo And Crescendo In Blue is one of the greatest jazz performances ever caught on tape.<br />Not to be missed.
0375707972|1.0|Perhaps it lost something in the translation?  This book could have been a decent short story but unfortunately it just dragged on and on.  The characters were flat and unpolished.  The message was merely whispered, and  almost lost entirely in the cliche romance.  This book failed to evoke any  emotion, and the ideas behind it seemed unfinished and confused.  The  holocaustic backdrop seems to be more of a commercial hype machine than  anything necessary for the progress of the story.  This is one of those  books you might pick up at the airport and finish only because your flight  is long.  Skip it.
B00002MZ4W|1.0|Someone needs to tell Fiona that she's a one-hit wonder.  That fact seems lost on her.  This album is poor and what's with the pretentious title?  She should go back to whatever hole it is she crawled out from.
6305127638|5.0|Star Trek : First Contact is, in my opinion, the best of the Star Wars - Next Genration movies.<br />It has great special effects, great sound effects, great story line, and the intro-music is my favourite of all the Star Trek  music I've heard!<br />Although the basic idea of the Borg was altered  significantly, it was a good change, so it doesn't lower my opinion at  all.<br />Summary, you ask ? WATCH IT!
B000000P17|3.0|Guns N Roses are one of the all time greatest bands.So why are they so schizophrenic ?I suppose they truly love the songs they covered here and set out to be faithfull to the originals. But it came up sounding a bit  flat. And if the hidden song had been &quot;Garbage Dump&quot; by the same  Mr. Manson would that have made this truly apprehensible ? Anyone who knows  the source of &quot;Look At Your Game Girl&quot; would know what I mean.
B000000WZ4|5.0|I loved this album, after feeling a little disapointed with the previous album - Songs of Faith and devotion (Which seemed the right way to go at the time), there was quite a wait for anything else from them. The first  single released - Barrel of a Gun was really something different and new,  and I was impressed. But when the album was released I was gobsmacked!  Songs like Useless, Freestate and Home really show you what they are  capable of.<br />For any DM fan, or otherwise, this album is a MUST BUY. I  only hope after the release of Only 'when I loose myself' that this won't  be their final album
B00000K3G8|5.0|While this is ceratainly a fantastic album and probabely the Talking Heads best overall collection it is not the exact sound track as advertised.  I own a VHS HIFI copy of the actual movie and have played it in the form of  an audio cassette at least 100 times.  The current new issue does not  contain all the songs in the movie and several of the included tracks are  not the ones in the movie.  For instance, the hypnotic guitar solo during  the introduction to Cross Eyed and Painless, perhaps the Talking Heads most  energetic song, has been dramatically shortened from the version in the  movie.  Despite these frustrating shortcomings the newly released Stop  Making Sense is far superior to the original release and should be  considered an essential for any Talking Heads fan!
067101756X|5.0|The truth, finally, is so refreshing. And obvious.  Every fact I can check about this book - checks.  Now what do we Earthlings do?
6302787564|1.0|Regardless of whether this film &quot;foreshadows&quot; numerous recent shooting sprees, it is still stupid and manipulative.  I've always been a fan of Michael Douglas, but this film wastes his talents, not to mention those of Barbara Hershey and Tuesday Weld, who spend all of their screen  time having overwrought phone conversations.  This film offers absolutely  no insight into what motivates the Michael Douglas character, because  Schumacher manipulates viewer reaction through a barrage of absurd  stereotypes that are a sure bet to threaten middle-class security: a surly  Korean convenience store owner, gun-toting Mexican hoodlums in a low-rider,  barely cognizant fast food workers, and a slimy Nazi leather shop owner.  I  stopped watching the film after this last, particularly heavy-handed  sequence.  Even worse than the director's much-maligned 8mm.
B0000024SI|5.0|What more is there to be said?  This is one of music's giants at the very peak of his powers, fusing the intimacy of folk with ballsy rock attitude and creating something entirely new and entirely brilliant.  It's scathing,  moving, and hilarious, and it has never been surpassed.  Even if that  weren't true, it's hard not to love an album with lyrics like, &quot;God  said to Abraham, 'Kill me a son'/Abe say, 'Man, you must be puttin' me  on'/God say, 'No'/Abe say, 'What?'/God say, 'You can do what you want, Abe  but, the next time you see me comin', you better run'/Abe say, 'Where you  want this killin' done?'/God said, 'Out on Highway 61'&quot;.
B000002UA0|5.0|Although this isn't the greatest Pink Floyd album of all time it rivals all the others best efforts when Barrett's mind just spewed with creativity. Barrett was everything at once and yet became a rock n' roll  tragedy. Just listen to the album and tell someone that this isn't beyond  the bounds (esspecially for 1967).
B00000K3UR|4.0|Adam Sandler shows that he can do more than just sight gags by adopting a little boy that should be his roomate's in order to both impress a woman and save his roomate from the responsiblity.  The film shows Sandler's  funny side as well as his soft side.  A good movie to take a date to see.
006109594X|5.0|I have read Clancy and now I have read Robinson.  I now know that Clancy has some competition.  There was not one moment in this book that I considered a &quot;snooze&quot;.  This is a work of fiction, praising the  naval prowess of the U.S. and the U.K.  If you are a red, white, and blue  blooded american, then you will enjoy this book thoroughly.  Works of  fiction like this are not textbooks, therefore they are not 100% accurate,  if they were then they would be so wrought with detail, they would be  boring.  I.E Larry Bond.
0694013889|3.0|This book is cute. And my 2&amp;1/2 year old daughter likes it. But she had a hard time with the illustraitons of the potty. The potty looks like a coffee mug or spitoon. She kept calling it a cup. It did not help that it  wasn't a potty in her mind. The other illustrations are a little tuff too.
0440213525|2.0|As having read J.Grisham's The Runaway Jury and The Rainmaker before this title, I can't say that this novel has given me the same excitement and thrill which author's other titles gave. I am still trying to come to the  end of the book just to have finished the book; not that I enjoy. It's not  enjoyable while knowing how the story is going to end. This knowledge comes  from my experience with other Grisham books I have read....  In short, READ  SOMETHING ELSE...
B00000254A|5.0|Wherever I travel, whichever CD shop I walk into, I always look to see if they have &quot;Classical Barbra.&quot;  Alas!  No idea why I didn't search on Amazon.com earlier!  I ordered multiple copies to give away as gifts.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have always been a fan of Carlos.  I remember all his hits and this CD is in that same style.  Of course you can see how his music has grown over the years.  Carlos really fits that old sayin, &quot;Your're not getting  older, you're getting better&quot;.  Way to go paisano, And all the tallent  that collaborated on this new CD is awsome.  I never thought in my wildest  dreams to hear Carlos and Eric on the same song. But, I'm happy it happened  in my lifetime.  I'm also glad that Mana is on this CD.  I think they're  one of, if not the number one rock band in Mexico.  Thanks again Carlos.  And Please, keep'em commin.
0446525537|4.0|I read Nicholas Sparks book &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot; on my flight from Maine to California last April and by the time I reached San Diego I was in tears. I just recently bought his two other books and decided to  read &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; first.  I felt that it was an  incredible story of young love with a touch of sadness.  Losing a love  you've just realized, how sad!  I wanted the story to continue (it was too  short!).  I must admit though, that I knew where the story was going rather  quickly and that was a major disappointment however the storyline was so  touching that it didn't matter.  I finished it in a few hours and was not  sorry I read it.  I can't wait to start &quot;The Notebook&quot; and see if  I'll cry to this one as well.  <br />P.S. I'm so disappointed that  &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot; was supposedly to have taken in place in  North Carolina.  It was filmed in Maine and the beauty of this place went  understated!
0767020308|1.0|I saw Gwyteth Paltrows version of Emma first, and this movie did not live up to it at all.  Kate Beckinsale was marvoulous as Hero in &quot;Much Ado About Nothing&quot;, but in this movie she makes Emma seem nasty.  Harriet  was a little waif, Frank Churchill was to flirty (Ewan McGregor did a much  better job), and Mr. Knightly was constantly angry with Emma.  You never  got a chance to fall in love with him like you can in Gwyneth Paltrows  version.  The costumes, sets and music are pretty bad, too.
B00002E224|5.0|I loved this movie on first viewing and it's stayed with me ever since.  The part when they are in that listening both is just so innocent and touching.  No words just them glancing.  Very good movie.  I've been  waiting for this DVD forever.
0553213105|5.0|I had always meant to read this book, but never got around to it until I saw the movie &quot;You've Got Mail.&quot; It was fun to see the how the movie plot follows the theme of the book Meg Ryan's character loved so  much.  I am a fan of the British classics and found Jane Austen much easier  to read than the Brontes, but not quite as passionate.  There is plenty of  humor as well.
B000021XS0|5.0|This was not what I expected of Dream Theater, but in no way does that mean I didn't like it.  In fact, I was thoroughly amazed by this album.  Not since Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot; has an album told such an  elaborate story.  In this album, Dream Theater shows how truly creative  they are, and their musical genius really shines through.<br />I have always  enjoyed the poetry of DT's lyrics, but this album takes it to a whole new  level.  The music tells an incredible story: When Nicholas is plagued by  nightmares and visions about a young woman he's never met, he attempts  hypnotherapy to regress into a past life to unlock her secrets, and his  own.  Through his session, a story of love, deceit and  murder unfolds, and  shows Nicholas how close he really is to the mystery woman. <br />The album,  although much different than what I expected, was incredible.  It makes me  wonder: when will this story hit Broadway?
031286504X|5.0|I found this book on Amazon after I read that it was the inspiration for the Movie 'Omega Man' with Charlton Heston, which is one of my favorite flicks.  I was summarily impressed to find out he is a favorite author of  the greats like King and Koontz.  I was not disappointed by it at all.  It  had a very thorough, yet concise writing style that is lacking in a lot of  today's horror writers (Anne Rice comes to mind) and I couldn't put it  down.  If you want to see where it all started, here you go.
B000009QPE|5.0|I've been a fan of metal for most of my life, and of all the bands I've heard, Slayer is my favorite, and this album is the best they have to offer.  It's a blistering collection of rage, speed, and darkness that  makes my soul cry out for more.  If you like your music hard, fast, and  furious, then I recommend this album. And before you're so quick to  criticize the rap/metal connection, remember the guys from Slayer were  probably the first to do it... Check out the Beastie Boys' &quot;License to  Ill&quot; album; you'll find Kerry King's name listed in the credits.
0425170349|1.0|Absolutely the last Clancy novel I read. Mr Clancy is getting lazy in his wealth. His research used to be maticulous in every detail. As an Air Force Special Ops pilot I can say this one is full of slip ups.<br />Another 900  page plodding novel that, typical of his books, takes the first 700 pages  to get it's act together. Then he cobbles together the last 100 pages. Too  bad, he used to write really good books.
B000023VR6|4.0|really good cd but not like old chronic, he has too many guests and too many of his lyrics talk bout him coming back to rapping and talking bout everyone forgtting him, still cool tho
B00001U0DP|5.0|A movie that can make you laugh and cry at the same time is simply almost impossible to find. Benigni finds a way into the recesses of our hardened modern-age soul to bring out powerful sensations. For foreign film lovers:  YOU CAN TAKE THE SUBTITLES OFF AND WATCH THE MOVIE IN ITS ORIGINAL ASPECT:  WELL DONE MIRAMAX!
B000020617|5.0|Foo fighters best album was the first, 2nd was okay, but this album is better. Its a GREAT 3rd album, If you like the foo fighters then this is the album for you! Songs like generator remind you of Everlong and such,  Stiches is a great foot thumping song. The album also has its share of  quieter songs also, wondefully ballanced. Headwires another example of  Awsome foo fighters power! Get your Foo now! Dont forget this CD also comes  with a nice little decal tatoo like on the front :) and has some goodies  for computers, like the video for learn to fly, as well as pictures and a  few little tidbits :) If your reading this not sure of the album and you've  only heard learn to fly, dont worry, its a GREAT album. No bs here.
068484267X|5.0|Grab your heart and hold on!   What a wonderful, wonderfulbook!  I have to find a way to receive a discount for a bulk buy.must give as a gift to  every person that I know!  PERFECTION!
B00000251N|5.0|I \\"borrowed\\" this album from my Mom when I was about 12 or so.  I loved it and still do.  Of course, as I got older and played in garage and punk bands, I was horribly ridiculed for my affection for this really  sweet work.  Now, I'm older, have children and a Yoga Teaching wife, so  nobody rags on me about this album (of course my kids are pre-school, I am  sure that when they reach their teen years, this will be the height of  foolishness to them).  What the music speaks to me NOW is a sort of  contentment.  This is, also, some really kitchy 70's stuff.  Fast Forward, kids are teens/tweens and yes, they groan mightily when I play this.......
B000023VR6|5.0|WOW! Dre is back with a vengence. The beats are more like his old stuff and with snoop dogg and eminem he has never souned more at home. However, he has leaned away from the str8 gangsta to the OG who is watching  everything around him change, but can still defend his turf. A very nouveau  perspective. Execellent.
B00001OH7P|5.0|what a glorious cartoon.  this is bowie at his most goofy/fake/brilliant.  the songs are ultra-catchy and the production is right in your face.  love on ya!
0880381736|5.0|I first read CHRONICLES when I was a freshman in college, that was 15 years ago.  I have read these glorious books at least six times through since!  My 10 year old son and I are reading them through now and he is  enchanted with the world of Krynn!  He is going solo with the second book  now that we've finished the first and, like me, he stays up too late  reading about the twins, the kender, the dwarf, the half-elf and co.!<br />I  promised him that when he finished the CHRONICLES that I would introduce  him to MIDDLE EARTH via &quot;The Hobbit&quot; and &quot;The Lord of the  Rings&quot; trilogy (which, by the way, is THE greatest fantasy epic of the  Millenium :-&gt;)!  CHRONICLES runs a close second though!
0385311400|3.0|The book was really draggy at the beginning but it picked up towards the middle when Brianna went through the stones. Roger wasn't much of a great character (kinda lame) but Jamie and Claire still had &quot;it&quot; and it  was such a thrill to read about their love for each other. Hopefully the  next book will be a lot better :)
B000002KAT|5.0|this is a work of great depth and mysterious beauty -- the adjective &quot;dreamlike&quot; gets thrown around way too often, but it really applies here.  wonderful stuff.
B0000042H4|5.0|First off, I must clarify something.  Those that call this set &quot;overblown&quot; do not really understand what the act of &quot;overblowing&quot; is.  &quot;Overblowing&quot; is not the fault of  the conductor- but rather it is the fault of one or more members of the  ensemble (orchestra). &quot;Overblowing&quot; occurs when one or more  members of the ensemble attempt to play louder than instructed by the  conductor.  Therefore, their often distorted and abrasive sound overpowers  the rest of the ensemble, thus ruining the desired effect.  To say this set  is &quot;overblown&quot; is to insult the greatest orchestra on Earth.  The  Vienna Philmarmonic is the premiere orchestra, and is unparalled.  <br />The  performance gets extremely loud on this set, as it should be.  However, it  is extremely loud with PERFECT control and TOTAL grace.  Wagner did not  write 'The Ring' to be the chamber music piece, shamefully performed on the  Karajan set.  'The Ring' was written as a massive drama that requires both  the gentlest of playing, and the most powerful- the Vienna Philharmonic led  by Solti is right on target.  For example, &quot;The Ride of the  Valkyries&quot; is supposed to played at a huge volume, and it is.  To  deprive yourself of hearing this mighty orchestra play this score is to  deprive yourself of something that is truly great. I often find myself  listening to the orchestral parts, because they are unbelievable and  unparalled on any other set.<br />Along with the orchestra some of operas  biggest names on are this set; George London, Kirsten Flagstad, Eberhard  Wachter, Christa Ludwig, Wolfgang Windgassen, Joan Sutherland, Lucia Popp,  and the incomparable Birgit Nilsson.  The roles are sung beautifully, and  the duet between Nilsson and Windgassen at the end of &quot;Siegfried&quot;  is georgeous.  <br />&quot;Gotterdammerung&quot; is my favorite part of 'The  Ring,' and perhaps the most beautiful- and this section of the set stands  alone...along with &quot;Das Rheingold.&quot;<br />Don't listen to people,  namely the Solti bashers, who think they no more than they do.  There is a  reason why Solti is regarded as one of the greats!<br />Plus, this set is  simply designed the best.  The packaging is very fancy, not cheap like the  other sets.<br />This is the ONLY set of 'The Ring.'<br />Enjoy
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona has such a unique sound and the groovy jazz sound will force you to tap your toe.  If you take away Criminal from her first album, then this one beats it hands down.
B000002UAU|5.0|I have read the reviews of this album and I have a few &quot;bones to pick&quot; with those we feel this album is overrated or have any negative views on this. One post stated that this album is far behind in the times  since other acts like Cream or Hendrix had far better stuff.  First of all  Sgt. Pepper is a piece that is innovative in several ways. It is the first  concept album (whether or not you think it is, it was still the first to be  called such), it is also the first to have lyrics, and be a package in  itself, among other things.  Also acts like those named admired Pepper, and  Hendrix even opened a show with it in Britain a mere two days after its  release. Another review said that Pepper wasn't even in the top ten of the  list of albums of the 60s. First, what I'd like to know is what list is  this? Top American albums perhaps? This person went on to say that Pet  Sounds was first and that was far better than Sgt. Pepper.  I have two  responses to this.  One is that Pet Sounds was inspired by Rubber Soul  another Beatles album.  Second is, that once Brian Wilson heard Pepper, he  was so knocked out by it he felt nothing he could do would measure up to  it.  Anyone who critices the Beatles should examine the facts. First, the  Beatles have been named the all time best sellers of rock and roll with 106  (or so) million sales. Next is Garth Brooks with 89 million and after last  is Elvis way in the dust with 69 million.  Where are Cream, Hendrix, Led  Zeppelin and the Beach Boys?  Second the Beatles are selling more albums  today, some 30 years after they broke up than they were when they were  together. Now that is longevity.  Last, the Beatles have been cited as the  greatest influence on rock and roll. Dismissing the Beatles can be an  aesthetic claim, and I respect that. Everyone is entitled to their own  likes and dislikes. But consider the facts, before you start citing  extraneous, meaningless opinions about the greatest group of all time (as  proven, this is not only my opinoin, but it is FACT).
B000002KNY|5.0|I never had a very large interest, other than curiosity, about the Talking Heads.  However, I love modern experimental music(They Might Be Giants,  Laurie Anderson, Captain Beefheart) and after seeing the soundtrack for  'Stop Making Sense' in the library and decided to check it out.  Apart from  'Psycho Killer' and 'Once in a Lifetime', the album left be a tad  disapointed.  While at the library again, I found the album 'Fear of  Music'.  I found it to be one of the finest cd's I have ever heard, matched  only by TMBG's 'Flood', and Philip Glass' 'Dancepieces'.  From the  pulsating joy of I Zimbra(actually a dada poem set to music) to the  fractured backbeat of 'Drugs', the album captured me.  The best song on  here hands down is 'Mind', a ghostly and sad song seemingly about a doomed  relationship.  The second is 'Animals', a terrific exercise in paranoia.   The final minute of that song one of the most interesting pieces of music I  have ever heard.  Those two songs are well worth the whole album.
0375707972|2.0|I am an English teacher and read constantly.  In the past I have thoroughly enjoyed all of Oprah's selections.  I was excited to see that this novel addressed the Holocaust.  Wrong!  The first 30 pages of text  dwell only on a licentious relationship between a woman and a boy half her  age.  There is little character development of either character, so I found  myself caring about neither.  The ending, while slightly shocking, is very  contrived and contains no closure.  I could not put this book down; not  because I couldn't wait to see what would happen next, but to get it over  with so I could move on to something more enjoyable.  A grave  disappointment.
B00000064G|5.0|There's music in the air and oh yeah, the music can be heard from across the waterway, the lagoon- It procrastinates out over the buffet table and the bar and the dessert table, through the lanai and over the gentle  undertow where the bridge crosses, over the rustling of the green swamp  water grass, the reminiscing of the beauty of the life of music lingers on.  It was early and people began to drift in at a slow and leisurely pace,  Freshly showered, perfumed, lazy days of life sustain without regret, White  linen pants and summer dresses all year round.  The employees came first,  then the aroma of mesquite grilled abundance which was professionally  marinated and cooked full moon for the party goers, smoked out over the  embankment. Slow cooking-a whole days process in homage to this very night.  Then came the young fresh energetics, more than ready and willing to  celebrate the beauty of their existence, their diversity, their lives on  this planet. The language of the music was not always their own but the  emotion of their music was universal. There was mingling, laughing, and  frivolous celebration of good things in life yet to come. Her real name is  Betty, but we call her June.  And when it was all said and done, couples  walked slowly away from there, hand in hand, stopping every once in a while  with their eyes glazed over, to make a point of remembering that particular  moment in time.  They had said, &quot;We should really do this more  often&quot; and meant it.   <br />Tristan Tom
0920668372|5.0|Where do I start?  I read the reviews of some people and I am just amazed that they could read something perverse into this.  I agree with one reviewer that if they put their stuffiness aside, they will see a simple  and pure love this mother had for her child.  Of course, no mother would  ever rock her teenage or adult child to sleep, but forever in their hearts  they would sing a sweet lullaby.  That child was a very special part of  her, and the love she instilled in every fiber of him carried over into his  adulthood.  He took care of his mother till her end, and that is why this  book had a profound impact on me.  I am not a mom yet, but I bought this  book for my nieces, and I will buy this book for my children.  It is a book  I will cherish till the very end of my existence.
1559409010|5.0|People who worry about concepts like &quot;blasphemy&quot; don't have enough functioning neurons to appreciate this movie.  Sad but true.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I heard someone on Public Radio say 'genius' when they discussed this CD, so I ran out to buy it.  I 'm glad I did!  Carlos' music is great (he sounds better than ever...) and the variety of styles and vocals really add  a lot the listening pleasure.
B000023VR6|5.0|the new album chronic 2001 have brought the west coast back in the hip hop music to the next milleneum but the album was banging with hot lyrics from begining to end but this is the best producer album to date since 1992  album the chronic.
B0000065O1|5.0|After trying several work out videos this one is by far the best. The exercises are plenty challenging for any level, the music is unobtrusive, and Cindy is far more real than any other supermodel I've seen in other  exercise videos. I highly recommend this video for anyone who wants an all  over workout.
B00000IFWE|3.0|I will confess to being a huge Tom Petty fan. As such, I couldn't wait to buy his new album from the first time I heard Free Girl Now on the radio. It sounded so much like an outtake from Hard Promises. But I have to  confess that Echo doesn't quite match up with Wildflowers or even She's The  One, both of which are great albums.<br /> I think the biggest problem with  Echo is the expanded format of the cd. Where, say back in 1982, TP would  have had to choose the best 10 tracks to go onto a record, with the longer  playing time available now, several songs were included here that would  have best been left off.  I Don't Wanna Fight? This is from the man who  wrote Boys of Summer? Rhino Skin could have easily been left for disc 5 of  Box Set II.  <br />Granted, the really good songs on Echo are great classic TP  material. Room at the Top, Swingin' (my favorite on here), Counting on You  deserve their places along side of Free Fallin' or Even the Losers.  What  Tom Petty needed here was a good editor. Rick Rubin's production is  flawless (a vast improvement over the Jeff Lynne years), but perhpas he  should have exercise a little more control.
0792156684|1.0|I thought the love story was really lame.  Leonardo de Caprio and Kate Winslett just can't act to save their lives.  ANd they really didn't seem to go well with each other.<br />I will say one thing though, the  cimemotography was beautiful.  For all of you who didn't care for the  dialogue and acting like myself, I recommend seeing this movie without any  volume...you'd be surprised how much better it is without listening to Leo  and Kate's obnoxious lines.,,
B000002UB6|5.0|If you don't like the Beatles, why are you here?, but if the Beatles music appeals to you, then don't overlook this disc. It happens to contain three number 1 singles: Get Back, Let It Be and Long and Winding Road (which,  despite all of the criticism it has received, is a beautiful epitaph to the  Beatles). Three #1s would qualify any album as a blockbuster, and this one  adds the beautiful Two of Us, with John &amp; Paul providing that  beautiful, undupclicatable duet harmony one last time; the rollicking One  After 909, resurrected from their Cavern days and played and sung with a  rowdy rooftop glee; John's cryptic Dig a Pony, with some great guitar; the  great rocking I Got a Feeling, John and Paul's last joint composition, on  which Billy Preston sparks the whole band with his funky keyboards.  Finally, Across the Universe, the exquisite John Lennon song that actually  gets a boost from Spector's meddling production.<br />This album takes a lot  of knocks, but that's only because of the conditions under which it was  recorded and that fact that it has incredible competition in the Beatles  catalog. What matters is the music, and, if you enjoy the Beatles, there is  more than enough great music on this album to justify the price of  admission. Just one caveat: as with other Beatles discs, the remastering is  very disappointing.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|Of course this album is good because it's RATM, but it just doesn't have what the first two do.  I think Tom gets a little too fancy with his guitar, he should play some more conventional power grooves instead of  those screechy solos all the time.  The lyrics on some of the songs, like  &quot;Mary&quot; are very good, and other songs are kinda lame.  I mean,  how many songs putting down the school system and &quot;the man&quot; do we  need?  Most of the tracks on this album have lame repetative choruses, and  it makes all the songs sound very similar.  I also noticed that they've  really cut down on the explicit lyrics, which shouldn't be necessary  anyway.  The best song is &quot;Born of a Broken Man&quot; which beats  &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot; by far.  It's the most like RATM songs of the  past.  Let me put it this way, if you are just getting into RATM, I suggest  getting Evil Empire first.
B000002UAO|5.0|Anyone with even a cursery knowledge of the music of the 60s knows that mid-period Beatles was truly a special time and place. They were maturing (not necessarily good or bad, just necessary) at an alarming rate, growing  in every way, yet still very tight as a group and working very well with  their producer, George Martin. What makes this album so remarkable is that  it was produced under great pressure to follow up the Help! album before  Christmas of '65. Not only did they write and record this, they also  released arguably one of the greatest double-sided singles of all time: We  Can Work It Out/Day Tripper. Keep in mind that they were still maintaining  a grueling touring schedule and had just made a movie. Absolutely amazing  that they could come up with music of such calibre. Could be argued that  they produced their best work under pressure. The album A Hard Day's Night  was also produced under tremendous pressure and, incidently, is the ONLY  Beatles album to feature all Lennon/McCartney songs. A Hard Day's Night is  often underrated; it is a tremendous album. <br />This album? Could be their  best.<br />p.s. Though I am glad that Capital decided to reissue the original  British albums on CD, as the Beatles originally wished them to be, I  confess that original U.S. release had a special place in my heart and an  undeniable coherence. The addition of the acoustic songs from Help! and the  holding back of Drive My Car and What Goes on, partiularly, gave that album  a very folky quality all the way through, and it really did jel well.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Rick Rubin works his magic again.  Frusciante now is more Clapton than Hendrix as the pain of the last few years shines through his axe.  A collection that truly captures the highs and lows, high hopes and shattered  dreams of the left coast.  Without a Pearl Jam disc this year, there was a  real void in intelligent music that rocks spin after spin.  Hell, I wasn't  even a big fan before this.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Listening to &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; for the very first time was one of the best discoveries I had ever made. Six years ago, when I first heard the album, I stayed up all night long, alone, listening to it over and over  again. I was so affected by the music.<br />I'd never heard anything with so  much heart in my life. It's not just the emotional experience that makes  &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; my favorite. I think it is the finest album ever  produced and arranged. It is quite a set of unpredictable and unorthodox  recordings. For me, Brian Wilson is the greatest musical mind of the  century.<br />I still listen to &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; a lot, and it affects  me the exact same way that it did when I first heard it. I buy copies of it  for all of my close friends and relatives.   For those of you who have  never heard &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; before and are about to buy it, I am  excited by the possibility that you will share the same experience that I  had. I hope that &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; inspires you.
1577311523|5.0|Quite by accident, I picked up this book and very skeptically began to read  ..... Boy was I surprised ... this book for me has very eloquently and accurately summed up much of what has been just beneath the surface of  my experience. When one comes upon the truth, one knows it ..... you will  find yourself saying again and again .... Yes that's right!  A must read  ... not only provides enlightenment but also provides practical ways of  putting it in practice. This book truly has the potential to transform your  life !
B00000K19E|5.0|Very simply put if you feel like you are in touch with &quot;reality&quot; you need to see this movie.  It is the best special effects movie of all time...no...it is the best movie of all time.  This movie should replace  your old favorite sci-fi movie easily...even if your favorite movie is Star  Wars.  George Lucas beware the future of sci-fi is here and their name is  Wachowski.
1573301183|5.0|JERRY CANTRELL CAN PULL ANYTHING OFF!   THIS SHOW IS JUST AMAZING... THE SAME GREAT SONGS WITH A DIFFERENT MEANING... TRUELY A KEEPER ON DVD FOR THE ALICE IN CHAINS FAN...
0446525537|5.0|I could not put this book down.  I read it in one day becasue it is so good. I enjoy reading this authors books and this could be the best one.  If you saw the movie Message in a Bottle and enjoyed it then go to the  library or buy this book.  It's that good.
B000031XCR|5.0|I wasn't going to get this album when I heard that Celine was releasing a greatest hits. I was like, well I don't need it. I have a lot of her stuff. Then I saw that the album contained seven new songs. What!  I had to get  it. I pre-ordered it on Thursday and received it yesterday (thanks Amazon,  y'all are quick), and I love it. That's the Way It Is is the bomb, If the  Walls Could Talk is incredible, everything is just great, old and new. The  only thing I didn't like was the inclusion of the radio edit for To Love  You More. I think the complete version of that song should've been included  on the album. It's a fantastic song and shouldn't be cut in any way, shape,  or form.  In addition, I think Celine is a great singer and a classy lady.  She relies on the sheer power of her voice and delivers a quality product  each time, and you can tell she would never sacrifice her image for  anything (unlike another trampy singer who will remain nameless). She looks  great! I wish her happiness, but must selfishly say that I hope she doesn't  take too long of a break. What are we going to do without that glorious  voice?
B0000025BL|5.0|I had virtually forgotten about this album, and it's title track, until a couple of days ago in an eatery in Las Vegas. Hearing the beginning of &quot;Bat Out of Hell&quot; brought back waves of wonderful memories from  my teenage rock-and-roll years that I can't do justice with words. It's  powerful. It's loud. It's intricate. It's emotional. It's eclectic. It's  what rock should be.
B00000JCOV|4.0|Why are these guys so sick in looks!  What is so sickening about the name &quot;Slipknot&quot;? Beats me, but I just want to see the true identity of these guys without their creepy costumes. Just once.
0380977281|4.0|My favorite tale from my favorite author.  his best work to date. buy Neil Gaiman's works. You'll thank yourselve.
B000021XS0|5.0|...during work on the first &quot;Liquid Tension Experiment&quot; album--he said no. Good thing he changed his mind, as this album proves. We've known since &quot;Change Of Seasons&quot; that guitarist John  Petrucci was capable of more than a Black Sabbath-style chug-a-chug, but I  always got the impression that both previous keyboardists only liked to  play synthesizer. Rudess gives the band a wider range of keyboard sounds  like piano, a more Hammond-y organ, even a sitar sample. One other thing  Rudess has contributed is to snap the band's whole sound back to the  progressive hard rock they do best--his predecessor Derek Sherinian had  turned the previous album &quot;Falling Into Infinity&quot; into an  alarming swerve towards a more mainstream sound (he had warned us in a  &quot;Keyboard&quot; interview that he was going to pull that stunt).This  album, unless I'm jumping to conclusions, also seems to herald a new  generation of the rock opera. Even the story line hasn't been done before  in this genre--a guy who's under hypnotherapy because he's being haunted by  visions of a 70-year-old murder case where a senator murders his unfaithful  wife and kills himself. But here's hoping that there isn't an epidemic of  the things like 25 years ago. The original wave of rock opera started  strong (&quot;Tommy&quot;, &quot;Jesus Christ: Superstar&quot;) and ended  the same way (&quot;The Wall&quot;, &quot;The Lamb Lies Down On  Broadway&quot;), but almost everything in between was so bad that even the  good stuff is viewed with a certain cynicism nowadays. Maybe that's because  rock'n'roll as a style doesn't lend itself well to the operatic--rock's  history and its underlying ideology have always made it more of a  collective expression of defiance than a music. But it is possible to mix  two things that don't seem to belong together--rock itself is a fusion of  blues and country. You just have to remember that the difference between  special and boring is quantity. For example--after this effort, Dream  Theater should go right back to song-oriented albums--I'll be  waiting....P.S. does anyone know where the hell I can get a D-T T-shirt?  I'm running into freakin' dead ends all over the place.r example--after this effort, Dream  Theater should go right back to song-oriented albums--I'll be  waiting....P.S. does anyone know where the hell I can get a D-T T-shirt?  I'm running into freakin' dead ends all over the place.
B000023VR6|5.0|Alright, I've gotta admit that I wasn't expecting that much from Chronic 2001. Still D-R-E the video seemed slow and sort of sad versus when Snoop and Dre were really tearing **it up back in the original Chronic days. But,  this CD is great. Dre definitely has some serious producing skills and is  still one of the best in the industry, and he flexes his mustle on this.  The CD flows from top to bottom, highlighted by Still D-R-E (for whatever  reason I think the video took away from my enjoyment of the song, which is  great) and What's The Difference, featuring Eminem at his best. You should  definitely not forget to check this out before the December bombardment  from Tupac, Biggie, Nas, DMX and Jay-Z.
0767812417|5.0|I first saw this movie at the show when I was 11 or 12.  I saw it over and over.  Those were the days when you could go to the show and stay till the theatre closed.  I also had a huge crush on Jack Wild (the Artful Dodger).   Now I look at him and think he was a cute enough kid, but where the mad  love came from I don't know.  There are too many great songs and moments in  this movie for me to name just one or two.  This one is for the whole  family.
B000002HEM|5.0|I have listened to this CD hundreds of times.  I am extraordiarily impressed with the band's ability to speak about subjects that are extremely important in a very moving way.  Nathalie's voice in the   &quot;Gold Rush Brides&quot;, when played at fairly high volume, could make  me cry the first 50 or so times I heard it.  It speaks so truthfully of the  suffering these women endured and the sad trace they left of their lives in  their letters to family members left behind in their trek west.  Every song  is good.  Some are amazing.  This album is &quot;emerald green like none I  have seen apart from dreams that escape me&quot;.
B000006YMP|5.0|From the time you start this album til the end, it's what you'd expect from Agnetha- Sweetness with a sexy voice. She knows what you want from a musical standpoint. Get it.
0440224764|4.0|This book is fantastic...it has everything that is needed to make a great novel.  But I hated the ending.  It was too quick and didn't fit well with the characters of the story.  Why could we just not have a story where  someone jilts the system and is the hero?  I wanted to know what happens to  Eva and when she had planned to leave Patrick or if something happened to  her.  Too many questions in the end.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|This album is enjoyable, but someone who wants real offspring should go for Smash or Ixnay.
B00001U03Q|3.0|A pretty good album.  Has some songs I've never heard before, but has many good ones.
0060977493|4.0|I was really excited to pick up a book that was willing to take a risk, but not so over the top that the risk became a cheap marketing ploy.  This book made me want to dance...
B000034CX0|5.0|The music industry is surely going to miss Celine Dion. She has taken her dream voice and added a incredible human quality to it, which has touched millions and millions all around the world. But before she says goodbye,  she releases &quot;All The Way&quot; a collection of her biggest hits and  seven new songs. The hits speak for themselves. Nine emotional songs that  have established Celine has the worlds greatest singer. Highlights include  &quot;To Love You More&quot; the song that set Japan on fire, the  epic-ballad My Heart Will Go On, which is one of radios biggest songs ever,  and the grand, over the top It's All Coming Back To Me Now, a masterpiece  produced by the legendary Jim Steinman. Listeners will note that superstar  songwriter Diane Warren penned 3 out of the 9 hits including If You Asked  Me To, and Because You Loved Me, which features one of the most incredible  lyrics of all time. However it's the new songs that represent some of  Celine's most amazing and creative work ever. On the first single  &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot;, produced by Max Martin (Backstreet Boys,  Britney Spears) Celine sounds fresh, and full of energy as she delivers a  rare up-tempo ditty. The song is already receiving rave reviews at Top 40  radio, where Celine has sometimes be turned away for being too mature (what  does that mean) and is sure to appeal to the people who are buying all the  records these days, the young people. On &quot;If Walls Could Talk&quot;  Celine works with Robert.&quot;Mutt&quot; Lange (Shania Twain's husband and  producer). The song is a laid back track that allows Celine to expand her  style instead of reaching for those high notes (like most of her songs are  built). If you listen very closely, you can hear Shania whispering in the  background. Much has been made of her &quot;virtual duet&quot; with Frank  Sinatra on the title track, but it really is just an average track that  weaves two of music's most treasured voices together as one. &quot;The  First Time I Saw Your Face&quot; is a very intimate song that Celine sings  with a very delicate yet passionate voice. Accompanied by a warm,  arrangement of instruments thanks to the great David Foster, this is the  albums most personal track and a song that obviously means a lot to Celine.  &quot;Then You Look At Me&quot; is quite possibly the best song on the  entire album. Written By Academy Award winners James Horner and Will  Jennings (My Heart Will Go On Fame!), the song is from Robin Williams  upcoming movie &quot;Bicentennial Man&quot;. Much like My Heart Will Go On  the song is built around a very big orchestra that adds to the dramatic  sound of the song. The songs very simple, enchanting lyric and an  unforgettable melody coupled with a theatrical performance by Celine make  this song momentous and certainly one of Celine's most phenomenal studio  performances ever!   Celine is all out on another Diane Warren penned  songs &quot;I Want You To Need Me&quot;. Produced by Matt Serletic, (who  has produced such other Diane Warren classics like I Don't Wanna Miss A  Thing &amp; I Could Not ask For More), the song is full of drama starting  out very soft and jumping very quicky into a emotional, commanding  performance that is crafted beautifully by a grand orchestra and a  beautiful piano. Celine attacks this song with an edge, something we  haven't heard in her voice since her english career began in 1990. This  song represents an artistic high point in her career and proves that her  leave of absence for the industry is way too soon. Perhaps the most  appropriate track on the album is the last song simply titled  &quot;Live&quot;. Written For the Notre-Dame de Paris musical, which is  huge in France, the song expresses what Celine wants to do with her time  off. She wants to live away from the media, and the spotlight, and just be  with the one who she is obviously deeply in love with, her husband and  manager Rene Angelli. The song is an overwhelming ballad that is  masterfully produced again by Foster and long time associate Humberto  Gatica, and is a beautiful ending to an album that is a collection of some  of the decades most compelling songs. I hope that Celine isn't gone too  long as she has so much left to do in this industry. While she's gone, the   music industry  will most defiantly not be the same!
B000002U8G|5.0|Excellent stoner album from the masters of illusion, the inimitable Pink Floyd.  Explore this album as you would unexplored territory and...well, whatever.  What was I talking about?  What was the original intent of my  post?  Oh yeah,Meddle comes highly recommended.
0792839218|3.0|I had vague memories of this movie from when I was little, and remember being fascinated by it.  So I was dying to get my hands on it as an adult, and reaquaint myself with the story.  Well, naturally I was disappointed  ... I can see how a little kid would be riveted to it, while an adult would  be more critical.  The family, in all their closeness, was hard to stomach.   Ivy was indeed irritating, as others have proclaimed.  (Anthony Hopkins  was as great as always.)  But it was the ending that let me down the most;  it was so anticlimactic.  I walked away from the whole thing with a  bewildered, unsettled feeling.
B0000028RR|5.0|Two reasons why I like Rage: they don't use synthesizers, and they're good for blasting in a car.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion is perhaps the greatest female vocalist. Her ability to conform to the changing musical times, yet never abandon her faithful fan base, is a true talent in itself. This is best ex-emplified by the single  &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot;. It is an uptempo Euro-pop beat,  capitalizing on the Backstreet Boys sound. Not surprisingly, this song was  written by Max Martin, Swedish super-writer for BSB, Britney Spears, 'N  Sync, among other pop groups. The rest of the new tracks on this album are  much more low-key, but equally as spectacular. Thanks, Celine, for giving  us a &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; with more than just a couple new songs!
0788811355|5.0|To the critics of this spectacular film: please consider its context -wartime,WWII to be exact. More than anything, the main characters share the pain of something they have lost - Hanna has lost previous patients,  Kip has lost his partner, Carravagio has lost his fingers, and the Count  has lost his lover.  How they deal with their loss and the stories that  surround them are fascinating. This is a multi-dimensional film that should  not be dismissed as simply another &quot;war romance&quot;.  Was it  predictable ? Hardly, if anything, it kept me in total suspense and  admiration.  When it was over, I spent a long time thinking about those  characters. Wonderful movie - also this was a Miramax effort that no major  Hollywood studio would touch.  Thank goodness for that.
B000002KM6|4.0|Sunday afternoon in the Park was the first time EVH experimented with a synth.  It sounds extremely weird, but it was the beginning of VH's experimention and maturity that would show up on &quot;Diver Down&quot; and  &quot;1984&quot; (Their last 2 records with DLR).
0453007902|5.0|I read this book back in school and liked it, so when I came across it again I decided to buy the audiocassette version for my husband.  Well, he hasn't listened to it yet because I haven't given him a chance!<br />Gary  Sinise is incredible.  Because of his fine acting, you can tell exactly who  is speaking at any given time without having to have it spelled out for  you. I have listened to many audio books where I'm constantly rewinding to  find out who said what.<br />After listening to this recording, I would  honestly consider purchasing an audio book just because it had been read by  G.Sinise.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr. Dre's &quot;The Chronic&quot; paved the way for gangsta rap in the 90s, and even the decade's best rap titles sound are little more than blatant imitations of Dre's meticulously constructed, multi-layered  grooves.  AFter eight years of waiting, Dre has finally released his  official follow-up album &quot;Chronic 2001.&quot; Thankfully, the result  is worth the wait.  Dre's beats are as catchy as ever, and the vast array  of musical resources he draws from on this album will have lesser DJs  scrambling to catch up.  Most of the young talent employed on the album  performs well and longtime collaborators like Snoop Dogg and Eminem make  multiple appearances.  Dre himself now plays the role of the self-assured  veteran, his raps are no longer as much about boasting as they are his  honest views about the state of affairs in hip-hop.  This title is a  neccessity for fans of rap.
080011194X|2.0|Clearly, the world needs more cynics. Did, or does, Larry Flynt really care about the First Amendment? You bet, but only because it lets him make a livelihood selling pornographic magazines that also attack minorities and  gays. I can't wait for the Hollywood movie that portrays Charles Manson as  a kind-hearted performance artist who only wanted to use human blood and  entrails as a medium.
B000002KYB|5.0|Before Mark Knopfler and Co. was &quot;Calling Elvis&quot; and getting doing the &quot;Walk of Life&quot; and getting &quot;Money For Nothing&quot;, he put out a masterpiece album.  I bought this album in 1983  after I heard  &quot;Industrial Disease&quot; on the radio (Which happened  to be the first Straits song on the radio since  Lady Writer or Making  Movies). Mark Knopfler is a great storyteller, probably better than  Springsteen (Telegraph Road creates vibrant images of a town built from  scratch to the recession of Reagan's first term). Private Investigations  probably builds more suspense than most of today's movies.  Knopfler's  guitar work is stellar, although Telegraph Road could be cut to about 10  minutes (half of it is guitar, anyway).  This album is like fine wine: It  gets better with age and should be opened at the right occasion.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Baby Boomers, check it out! Santana is kickin' it. I've read a few negative reviews and I realize that everyone has his/her own preferences. However, I don't know what the man could do to make this a better album.  The intricacies of his playing give me chills! It's HOT!
B0000029LG|5.0|I have an unflappable distaste for most 'pop' music. My favorite stuff is classical from the romantic period (eg Tchaikovsky) and electronica (primarily ambient, eg Brian Eno). But for whatever reason I really like  Michael Jackson's music. I don't think it's quite as lyrically 'deep' as  some others, but it makes me happy and that in and of itself is enough I  believe. I encourage you to take a listen to any of his records, which  although consistently evolving, maintain the same quality. He's a genuinely  nice guy too, which is a plus in this world.
0446525537|5.0|A very splendid book once again by nicholas sparks. you must buy his previous 2 and they are very bound to make you cry boxes of tissue away. this story is a bit different from the other 2 as this sounds more close to  your heart.
B00000IGGA|5.0|This is one of the best works by one of the best songwriters alive. It is both epic and stripped down.If you have not yet become a Tom Waits fan, this is the cd to start with. No one writes lyrics with this much heart.  Don't miss this work.
B000002NAK|4.0|I love it ! My favroite song is the 2nd one in disk two called,&quot; Don't Cry for me Argentina!&quot; I think It's the best recodings ever.
078311513X|5.0|The work of the director is five stars, but the  way Hauer plays is simply for an anthology of the cold face movies. A very meticulosly done movie.
0930289455|5.0|Everything in this book is great, the history, the pictures, everything, and the final joke of The Joker is one of my moments of comic history. A great book in everything
B000000OYQ|4.0|First off, a question. Can this be considered a re-hash of past glories and styles?  The answer is yes. Led Zeppelin were a great band, but now are defunct.  Page originally had a concept of a double album with sides of  blues, rock, folk and other (similar to Stephen Stills 'Manasas'). But when  demos were stolen he opted for the blues/rock format he was accustomed to.  <br />I say all of this because I like to judge things on their own merits,  not because some icon from the past came out with something and oh, wow, we  must compare to what he did in the past. The album was very enjoyable (as  was the subsequent tour). When this came out, everyone was very excited  about it and I knew a lot of people who had it. It isn't daring or anything  else. It just is. It's a hard rock album that came at a point in the pop  metal keyboard craze of the 80's. Where are all they now? So if you want  shades of Zep or just plain good 'ole hard rock, here's your answer.
0446525537|4.0|This is not one of Sparks best books. The Notebook is better than this. But it's a nice read, one that will make you want to look towards the back to find out how it ends up.  I think perhaps Sparks should consider  exploring his characters a little more. Maybe he could've discussed Jamie's  mother more or Landons Congressman father. I don't know....it's a fun read  but it's missing something.
B000002BQK|1.0|Overproduced in spades by that overpaid Puffy guy. She's drowned out by the noisy backup singers most of the time. Offensive lyrics. Gets 1 star for the photography.
0671646788|5.0|David Schwartz's book is timeless in its examples and doctrines.  An easy read and reinforces people to have the right priorities and follow their dreams.  Lou Holtz (former Norte Dame coach) credits this book as helping  him achieve some of the success in his life (Success Magazine).
B00000IBRI|5.0|With a score that makes this film irresistable, and the essential timing of it all, PHENOMENA stands out as winning dedication to the admirably weird.  Jennifer Connelly gives a stunning performance and seems so right  for the role of Jennifer Corvino, an actor's daughter, who has a  supernatural relationship with insects.  Donald Pleasence is also superb as  Professor John McGregor, an entymologist who assists Jennifer in finding a  killer roaming the campus of a girls school.  Daria Nicolodi, who looks so  different from when she was in TENEBRE plays Mrs. Bruckner.  She surprises  me the most in the film and it is fun watching her performance. Above all,  the cute little monkey steals the show.  A suspensful and original film.  Outstanding scenes: Finding the glove in the woods, When Jennifer is first  made fun of and she responds back with &quot;I love you. I love you  all.&quot;  A rare treat in the horror/sci-fi genre.
6305609691|5.0|This film has a special meaning for me.I had just completed a two year teaching position in Australia in 1976.My wife and I and 2 year old daughter took the long way home via Indonesia.One stop was the  Phillipines.A canoe trip took us to the set of Apocalypse Now.It had been  devastated by a hurricane and was in the process of being rebuilt.During  our lunch break we were fortunate enough to chat with some of the crew and  listen to the tales of frustration and difficulty with getting the film  shot.The behind-the-scene stories were the complete opposite of the  glamorous image I had about movie making.When I finally saw the film in  1979 I remember whispering in my wife's ear &quot;we were there&quot;. My  only wish with the DVD release is that it doesn't contain the two alternate  endings that were supposedly shot and previewed to advance audiences.The  DVD format is ideal to support this additional material.
0425170349|1.0|While reading the book I noticed technical errors, unlike Red October.  The plot was setup a hostage rescue, do a hostage rescue, again and again. At the end of the book I found the ads for the game versions and understood  why this book was written.
B000007ODX|5.0|I have always loved Chopin's nocturnes but it always seemed as though I had to listen &quot;through&quot; the music to arrive at Chopin's delicate and achingly beautiful melodies.  Most performers' attempt to  &quot;play&quot; Chopin always interfered with the music like a noisy  overlayer. Barenboim presents the music. You get absorbed in the music and  then suddenly realize that Barenboim stepped &quot;behind&quot; it and just  &quot;let it be.&quot;
B000023VR6|5.0|West Coast G-Funk is back in full effect with Chronic 2001.  This CD is probably the best out of the west since the 7 Day Theory, and Dre's abscense was noticed.  Nobody Forgot about you Doc, but we did miss you.   Even better than the first if you can believe it
B00002MZ2T|5.0|AMAZING ... I love the animal song and i knew I loved you and affirmation and .. i like all of them.. i think this will be another big hit for this group and they deserve it cuz they rock.. !  if you dont have the cd yet  what are you wating for get it cuz its worth it :o)
0790729628|5.0|This movie has a great story line and bons of background material that can really be appreciated. (Different type of policing for Replicants, a unique street language thats a mixture chinese, german and english?, etc.)<br />The  visual effects are highly acceptable even in this new movie age of CGI.  Which is amazing considering the age of the film.<br />However, just like  films such as Dark City or the Japanimation title Akira, some people just  aren't intellectually evolved as others and just won't get it. If you are  someone who sometimes needs simple yet abstract ideas explained more than  once, this movie is not for you...<br />...then again if you are a Harrison  Ford fan and like his work no matter what, this make sure to add this to  your collection!
B000031XCR|5.0|I bought this CD just minutes after the closest retailer opened its doors at 9:00 a.m. the day it was released. I absolutely love it! It's wonderful to be able to listen to the oldies but goodies as well as a few brand new  songs on the same album. &quot;That's the way it is, &quot;All the  way&quot; (with Frank Sinatra) &quot;If these walls could talk,&quot;  (written by Shania's sweetie, Mutt Lange), and &quot;I want you to need  me&quot; are truly beautiful tunes and definite smash hits. For anyone who  loves Celine, you must add this one to your collection.
B00001QGPR|4.0|Finally, David Bowie has returned to producing the type of music that earned him his fame during the 1970s.  For much of the last two decades, his works have ranged from subpar to unlistenable.  If you are a true Bowie  fan and have hesitated to purchase this latest release, relax and make the  investment and then enjoy. It's no Ziggy Stardust but still darn good.
0964385619|4.0|If you want to know about how to achieve financial independence, your best bet is to hang around people who have, or are in the process of, achieving financial independence. Kiyosaki has hit on a key point -- the reason the  rich teach different things to their kids than poor people do is simple:  they KNOW those things by experience. A poor person can not teach you how  to attain financial independence. All they can teach you is how to be  broke. So stop listening to your broke co-workers and your broke neighbors  and the broke people at your church or temple and listen to, and read books  by, people who have achieved success, and who are focused on the positive  possibilities of the future. And have an open mind -- if you aren't wealthy  and someone is trying to tell you how to get there, the smartest thing you  can do is shut up and listen. (I teach broke people how to leverage the Web  to make money -- more than half of them know nothing about it, but tell me  everything about why I'm wrong.) Two good books you should read if you  liked this one: The Roaring 2000s, by Harry Dent, and &quot;Don't Worry,  Make Money,&quot; by Richard Carlson.
B000023VR6|5.0|I cant believe how good this album plays.  I thought sequels were supposed to be inferior? Dre just goes from strength to strength, and with this album secures his position as the greatest rap producer of all time. If he  was white and producing rock music, he would be the most famous man on  earth. Best tracks - Still DRE, The Message and the Watcher. Peace Dre, you  still the greatest.
0201485672|5.0|If you write software for a living, and especially if you use an OO language, you should read this book. It's a guide on how to make your software better while keeping the risks to a minimum -- an essential  task.<br />The writing is great; humor turns potentially dry examples into  easy to read and comprehend lessons.
6300181553|4.0|The holidays just wouldn't be the same without this great old movie.  The music is great and so is the dancing (Of course, it's Astaire!) Watching this movie makes you warm and comfy like your favorite old sweater. I gave  it 4 stars instead of 5 due to the fact that this &quot;favorite old  sweater&quot; has a few nasty  stains on it with the portrait of the maid  and her children,and blackface number on Lincoln's Birthday which are a  disappointingly offensive part of Hollywood's racist history.  As long as  you don't  let those stupid parts spoil it for you the rest of movie is fun  and truly enjoyable.  I'd like a  home just like the Inn where a full stage  just sorta appears when you need one!  And how 'bout a job like Bing's  character where you just have to  sing and dance 10 or 12 days a year?
B000002KBU|5.0|There are no more than a dozen rock albums worth listening to after 25 years.  This one is among the top half of those.  It simply never gets old. Amazing.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt is a gifted story teller.  This is and will be a favorite of mine for a long time.  I've just started 'Tis.  I hope there is more on the way from Mr. McCourt.
B000002KOJ|4.0|My first exposure to Joni Mitchell came from her &quot;Blue&quot; album so I was a little disappointed with this one.  Clouds, in some ways, seemed like a rough draft of a better album.  The album's engineer didn't do her  any justice on this one either (unlike Blue which was superbly engineered).   But after listening to Clouds a few times, Joni's voice and warm melodies  somehow overcome the albums rough edges.  Overall, the album is good but  you have to listen to it a few times to let it sink in!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Simply one of the best albums put out in the last decade.  Rather than the obvious comparison to Pink Floyd, although a deserved compliment to both bands, I believe no band has achieved this depth and mood since  Disintegration by The Cure.  The first three tracks, spectacular in their  own right, simply lead up to the strongest section of the album--Exit  Music, Let Down and Karma Police.  The rest of the album, save No  Surprises, loses me a little if only because those songs are merely great.
B00000IMTE|5.0|This is one of the most amazing guitar oriented albums of all time. Every guitar solo is an absolute masterpiece. Each solo is a song within itself, brilliantly done with incredible feeling and restraint. None of this  pointless rambling up and down, and all over scales, that we hear so much  of today. So melodic and so well done. Dio is amazing as well! I even like  the bass playing by Craig Gruber. This album is one of those few albums  that have a real &quot;feel&quot; that carries through every tune. I  remember back in 1975 and how it never left my turntable for an entire  summer. This is Blackmore's best effort in the heavy genre. Try  &quot;Rainbow Rising&quot; as well. If your a real fan of his playing check  out the acoustic &quot;Shadow of the Moon&quot;. The album is quite unique  and again projects a certian kind of &quot;feel&quot;consistent with those  albums that will be remembered.
0446525537|4.0|I do not read very often.. in fact most books I read I never finish.  This book was finished in a day and a half.. I simply could not put it down.  I walked into a cheesy bookstore looking for a book to make me happy and  sappy at the same time.. this book definitely delivers.. I recommend it to  everyone who is either looking or wants to reminisce about their first  love.
0880381736|5.0|Without a doubt this series of which this is the first book is the best books I've ever read. Life Changing fantasy at it's best!
B000002J1L|3.0|After Foxtrot, England by the Pound, and Lamb, this CD should be purchased.<br />It's amazing, when this record was recorded, Genesis was virtually living in their van, which was also used to haul their  equipment!<br />Contrary to ignorant critics, Phil Collin's first lead vocal  appearance is actually on this album (and not England by the Pound) on the  tune &quot;For Absent Friends.&quot;<br />Much of the album is as strong as  their later efforts, such as &quot;Musical Box&quot; and &quot;Harold the  Barrel&quot; (what a great tune!), but I didn't like the droning  &quot;Hogweed&quot; or &quot;Fountain of Samalcis,&quot; whose production  quality is so poor it affects the listener's enjoyment beyond  reason.<br />&quot;Seven Stones&quot; is brilliant, and I get chills just  thinking about that song!<br />Don't be deterred, the good material makes this  CD very worthy of purchase, and all of this is better than the Collins-era  Genesis pop that was to follow Gabriel's departure.
B00000J2KT|4.0|This is one of that all-time best movies!  I list this movie in my top 20 movies of all time.  The only part of the movie that lags is the last 20 or so minutes.  Overall it is a &quot;buyer.&quot;
B00000J7S8|5.0|The most alluring jazz CD in a long tim
0446525537|4.0|I don't believe that I had ever read a love story until I read &quot;The Notebook&quot;.  While Nicholas Sparks writes to all audiences, I especially like the male prospective that drove both &quot;The  Notebook&quot; and now &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot;.  For everyone that  had a special first love (as I remember some 28 years after High School),  this book brings back a flood of memories both sad and beautiful.  For  those who thought this book is for teenagers, I am sorry that they don't  have special memories of their youth.  While some reviewers were  disappointed with the literary value of the book, I encourage all readers  to take the story for what it is, a heartfelt story of firt love and of  becoming an adult.  I couldn't put the book down and look forward to the  next Nicholas Sparks novel.  Thank you Mr. Sparks for reawakening my heart.
B000002VTE|5.0|Ladies and Gentlemen is an absorbing, gorgeous ablum.  The layered sounds melt together to produce an albm that is at times cacaphonic and at others, beautiful.
B000002L9M|5.0|I think this is DM's most beautiful and dark album.  Almost 15 years later, and it still gives me chills when I listen to it.
B0000028SR|3.0|There's nothing here that reminds Bruce at his best days, but the CD is good, with &quot;Human Touch&quot; and &quot;I WIsh I Were Blind&quot; the best songs. For an old Bruce's fan like myself, it's good and enjoyable.  For someone who will make contact with him for the first time, this isn't  the right CD.
B000023VR6|5.0|Don't even think of sleeping on this. Pick it up immediately. As you might expect, production is close to flawless. Lyrically, it's as witty and interesting as they come. I always thought he was talented, but now I'm  convinced that Dr. Dre is a professional musician.
B000002J1O|5.0|Im not even a GENESIS fan. I bought this albun to know a little about this famous band, and because I like Marillion, adn some people say they are very close. Nothing like that. This CD, from 1973, is fantastic!  Its  the best of progressive rock, good songs, great singer, without being  indulgent or arrogant. Now &quot;I know what I like...&quot; Great!
6305531374|3.0|I bought this DVD because I realy loved this movie, and I would have given it 5 stars if the DVD cover didn't say that this DVD contains an audio commentary by the director Steve Miner and Jamie Lee Curtis. if this (would  have been great) audio commentary exist then ahy the hell can't I access  it. I've tried pressing on the audio button on my remote control (doesn't  work) and it doesn't exist on the bonus materials menu. If anybody owns  this DVD and has manneged to access this audio commentary PLEEEEAAASE let  me know. thanks.
B000020617|4.0|I disagree with many review which are giving a star or two since this cd is too mellow or too mainstream.  I like this because it's rather mellow but dont get me wrong I listen to pretty heavy stuff(Metallica, Led Zep,  Motley, all AIC, all Soundgarden, etc)  This cd has less songs which are  being classified as &quot;punk&quot; these days.  I am not really into  bands like Offspring, Everclear, Eve6, old Greenday, or even Nervana.   These to me are not punk.  Bands like old Social distortion, Suicidal  tendencies, GBH, Dead kennedy are what I think real punk okok. I am getting  off the track but when I want to listen to something that is lighter, this  will be a good cd to grab(just my opinion and I know in many people's eyes,  I am wrong)
0679777547|5.0|I felt this book was a marvelous read.  The story is interesting while the characters are well developed.  If you enjoy reading Eco, then you will also love The Club Dumas.  The books vitality and energy is matched by its  cleverness.  The greatest books entertain while making you think and this  is a great book.
B00001OH7T|3.0|Any other artist would have gotten 5 stars for this album. It is a good album but it does not, on the whole, live up to what one expects of David Bowie. Maybe Bowie used up all his creativity on the title track (which  ranks at least among the top five of all his songs--which makes it one of  the best songs ever by anyone) and on &quot;Fame&quot; because the rest is  merely competent and uninspired.You know, the kind of stuff your average  everyday rock-star puts out to pay for the groceries. It's like Bowie is  trying to get into a groove that he is just not quite cut out for. This is  not the album for someone who wants to experience the full brilliance of  Bowie for the first time. Start with &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; or, well,  anything else Bowie did in the seventies (except maybe  &quot;Pin-Ups&quot;).
B00000K19E|2.0|At a time when Hong Kong has forgotten what made their films great, Hollywood thought they'd try to remind them with The Matrix. Anyone who's seen Iceman Cometh, Dragon From Russia, Saviour of the Soul or countless  other Hong Kong classics will be able to pick out scenes re-created in The  Matrix. One of the kings of Hong Kong, Yuen Woo Ping, does a good job with  the action and the effects are excellent. However, what the film lacks is  the real core that made films like Saviour of the Soul great. The mixture  of humour, action, suspense and romance simply doesn't click in The Matrix.  Everyone is applauding Carrie Ann Moss's character, but Michelle Yeoh  combined fighting ability and femininity far better in Royal Warriors or  Project S. The Matrix is visually terrific, but as cold as ice.
B000002U82|5.0|I wish i had the right words to say about this beautiful work. I can only  say that those who didn't have (yet) listen to its words and music will  never know how great can be a piece of music. It's like being alive and  never feel pleasure. All the rest may never exist, because with the  Darkside you have it all. Thank you Pink Floyd for being in the same planet  that i'm.
B000020617|2.0|I was hoping for the energy of their last album.  Unfortunately, that energy is gone.  Many mellow tunes, but frankly, the music is boring.
B000023VR6|4.0|This CD already has a video and it's to cool. I can't help myself but I just have to bop my head or jump around and sing with these tracks. This is a must for that special Chrismas list of yours and it is definetly worthy  og being 1st priority.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|What an amazing collection of songs!  &quot;Tidal&quot; was a beautiful album but &quot;When The Pawn...&quot; surpasses it as a musical development.  She delivers some outstanding tracks like &quot;Paper  Bag&quot; and &quot;The Way Things Are&quot;.  The latter one has a Lennon  sound to it as well as a killer chorus which makes it destined to be a  classic.  &quot;Get Gone&quot;, another tremendous track, is one the high  points, with a solemn beginning and a hard edge that it breaks into.  Let's  face it.  A lot of artists swear on their albums because it is trendy and  cool to do so by their means.  But Fiona's words truly come from the heart.   She is not kidding around.  Her stories are heartfelt.  &quot;A  Mistake&quot; is an excellent example of Fiona's vocal skill and her  brilliant way of creating melodies.  This album is a true accomplishment!
B000006V5H|5.0|one true australian (pop) treasure.Never a dull moment with this cd. amazing how time hasn't diminished the quality of this great voice!
630382336X|5.0|The ultimate Beatles movie.  They were so popular, so adored, so gorgeous and so young.  That's the way they will always be in my mind.<br />One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning on the train.  The middle-aged man  comes in, shuts the window the Beatles have opened, and turns Ringo's radio  off in a huff.  John leans over and says &quot;Give us a kiss.&quot;  That  John.  What a joker. And after a few minutes of conversation, the  middle-aged man lets the Beatles know where they stand.  He says &quot;I  fought the war(WWII) for your sort.&quot; One of the Beatles replies,  &quot;I bet you're sorry you won.&quot;  Their sense of humor was second to  none.  That was one of the things that won the press and public over so  completely.  They were funny and always good for a quote.
B000005J56|5.0|Lively, soulful and transporting, this mysterious and beautiful music is the only ambassador Cuba needs to find its place once again in the arms of the world.
B000002J20|2.0|Okay I am a serious Yes fan. This album is flawed in a number of respects: really banal lyrics, lack of compositional flow, and long sections of just dreadful stuff, overwrought.  That said I think there are twenty minutes of  excellent music: the first eight minutes of side one, about three minutes  into Remembering, the latter half of the Ancient and the coda from Ritual.   I spliced these sections together on a tape and love it.  Steve Howe has an  excellent selection of this on his Not Necessarily Acoustic album, where he  plays the best portions on a steel string guitar (accompanied by his voice  unfortunately). This album could have been excellent if it wasn't so  overdone; stripped down there really is some good music. I would have  worked more with repeating some themes, or working themes back in in the  latter stages of each song.  Its too difficult to put together twenty  minutes of music that just keeps changing. Unless you are Mahler or  Bruckner, that is. So I would have stripped it down, used only the best  sections and then included more improvisation off of the basic patterns. I  don't know what you do with the silly lyrics and dumb song titles. I read  that Wakeman absolutely hated this alubm, the effort, the silly concepts,  the whole thing. It sounds like it from the way he plays. Don't buy this  album unless you are a Yes fan or you just love the cover. If you are a Yes  fan and you are tired of relistening to all of the other early albums that  you have overplayed then get this. Its refreshing because like most Yes  fans you probably did not bother listening to it much back in the 70s. I  played Starship Trooper, Yours is No Disgrace and Gates of Delirium so much  that I cannot really listen to them anymore.
0385493800|1.0|This book started out great with the surprises about the will but once it started with the trek through the jungles it just dragged so much that I couldn't hardly stand to read it.  I couldn't put it down because I kept  expecting some kind of surprise or something of interest to happen but it  didn't.  That was the surprise!
B00000J7J4|5.0|the mix of different artists was fantastic.... The different musical styles and rhythms masterfully joined to create an album worth recognizing as &quot;album of the year&quot;!  You won't be disapointed...Santana  Rocks!
B00002DE2L|5.0|This is a fabulous recording of the Four Seasons! I have listened to other recordings that were indifferent in quality -- this one has a flawless and effortless grace to it that makes it a joy to listen to!  The same goes for  Tartini's opus.  I have heard about the Devil's Trill, but had never  experienced it prior to hearing this.  Definitely worth checking out!
B00000HYXB|5.0|When i first heard this cd i was utterly blown away.  I'm age fan of metal, anything from hammerfall to morbid angel.  Yet this has become the gem of my collection.  with the great use of choirs, its beatiful melodies,  and musical complexity. This cd is a winner. fused with the tale of the  silmarillion, wich is one of my favorite books of all the time, this cd  becomes an epic.  if you like music, doesnt mater what kind, buy this cd!
B000000P11|4.0|I love this band and consider Script of the Bridge my favorite of all time. However, this one lacks the crisp uniquness between cuts. It also lack a great, great tune like&quot;High as you can go&quot; or &quot;Second  Skin&quot; or &quot;View from a Hill&quot; or &quot;Intrigue in  Tangiers&quot;. But.....Their rendition of Tomorrw Never Knows is   fantastic. So is &quot;Caution&quot; Tears&quot; and &quot;Soul in  Isolation&quot; Damn..... why couldn't they make more music!
B000002U82|5.0|First of all, DSOTM was on the top 100 billboard charts for like 15 years straight, not even the Beatles, Elvis or MJ has had an album to do that.  Most people say this record will never be broken, well records are made to  be broken, but not in our life time, Floyd will have this record for a long  time to come. Last but not lease, when I listen to certain songs on this  album it literally gives me goosebumps and when a song does that, you know  it's good!  You lock the door and throw away the key there's someone in my  head but it's not me, You shout, but no one seems to hear, and if the band  your in starts playing different tunes I'll see you on the Dark Side Of The  Moon.........   :&gt;)
0805017593|5.0|Small children (18 mos-4yrs) will enjoy mimicking the animal sounds and following along with the melody of this tale.  The repetition of the story, as with many of Mr. Carle's books, helps my 2-yr old child participate and  enjoy the reading experience to the fullest.  These are his favorite books.
B0000024TQ|5.0|this album is magical.  although PSR&amp;T and BOTW are also amazing, BOOKENDS is simply stunning in its beauty and real sense of time and place that it manages to create.  it's impossible to listen to this record and  not feel like you're in a time machine -- wonderful!
0875845851|5.0|Along with Crossing the Chasm, this book will be a classic on managing innovation. Crossing  the Chasm looks at innovation from the perspective of the upstart. The Innovator's Dilemma looks at it from the current market  leader. If these two books don't get your entrepreneurial juices flowing,  do something else.
B000031XCR|5.0|I love the music, she has the most amazing voice I have ever heard, the new tracks are amazing.  Too bad she is retiring.  She will surely be missed.
B00001PE4D|5.0|with great acting and a superb storyline you cant go wrong with this film about a devious brother and sister who set out to destroy the reputation of the new head-master's daughter.  i highly reccomend this film to anyone who  wants to laugh, cry, and have a good time.
B0000029DD|4.0|Buckley's interpretation of L. Cohen's Hallelujah is beyond the pale
B000031XCR|5.0|This album will not disapoint.  Even though it is a greatist hits, Celine also includes 7 new songs, which are fabulous.  Who ever said that Celine ruined Sinatra's &quot;All the Way&quot; doesn't know what they are talking  about.  She sounds great.  I was really impressed.  I also recently found  out that Sinatra was a big fan of Celine, which I thought was neat.  Her  first release &quot;Thats the Way it Is&quot; is really good.It is upbeat  and makes me want to dance eveytime I hear it.  &quot;If Walls could  Talk&quot;is on of my favorites on the album.  She sings with Shania Twain  on this one.  There is also a song on this disc that lets Celine use her  low vocals, which see does just as good, if not better than her high  vocals.  I highly recommend this disc for anyone who enjoys Celine.  She  never ceases to amaze me.  You rock Celine... you go girl!
B000001F5F|1.0|I am a fan of U2 and this recording shows them at a pivotal point of their career but I cannot get myself to buy the CD version because a crucial part of Electric Co. is missing.  I don't know if this is a global phenomenon or  not or this is for copyright West Side Story reasons but can't believe they  would cut that part out when it exists on the record.  Borrowed this CD  from a friend just to listen to that part of the song.  If you can get the  vinyl version or maybe tape version (not sure if they cut it out from the  tape) buy that instead.  Other U2 fans know what I'm talking about.
0440219078|5.0|I read this book when I was in 7th grade and loved it!  It's only my 2nd favorite, after &quot;The Outsiders&quot; by S. E. Hinton.  Out of my whole class I was the only one who enjoyed it, the only one who understood it, and the only one who carried the meaning with them.  It is most definitely  a book for the mind.  I read it over my Christmas holiday and realized I  could hardly put it down, except to eat and sleep!  I won't, I can't, tell  you any more about the plot because it is something each individual needs  to comprehend on their own or else it will mean nothing.  I also found that  there were parts I reread because it was just so incredible!  My favorite  aspect of &quot;The Giver&quot; is that the whole plot is set up with  subtle little &quot;ties&quot; that will strike you wild when you connect  them!  I really recommend &quot;The Giver&quot;.
B00001U03Q|4.0|First of all, I agree with the prophets, Clapton is God.  This Cd is good if your waiting for a new cd but it is definetly not his best by any means.  If you want a more complete look at Clapton buy Unplugged, or Cream of  Clapton
B000002HEM|3.0|The 10,000 Maniacs did not utilize the principle of &quot;unplugged&quot; like they should have. Instead, this is a collection of watered down versions of the original tunes. Acoustic guitar is losing its form, and  it's because of MTV's unplugged shows.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This is an absolutely gorgeous album. While my personal favorite has to be &quot;I Know&quot;, each song has it's own merit and none seem out of place. Unlike Fi's first album, &quot;Tidal&quot;, which at times seemed to  be, lyrically, a twisted attempt to win the Booker Prize, the lyrics here  never seem belaboured, even in &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, where Fi confuses the  &quot;Dove of Hope&quot; for a... well, a paper bag. It is astonishing that  Fiona could transform such an unwieldy poetic device into lyrical divinity  with her golden voice and newly acquired literary SUBTLETY. While I enjoyed  &quot;Tidal&quot;, &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; exceeds it's predecessor in  every way that counts. <br />It has been remarked earlier that Fiona still has  a long way to go in order to catch up with Tori Amos, both in vocal style  and arrangement quality. Not that I don't respect that opinion, but who  ever said that Fiona was even trying to catch up with Tori? I am a huge fan  of both of them, but I think comparing the two is like comparing Nine Inch  Nails and Korn. I can definitely see what is being said, but I would argue  that just because Fiona's vocals and arrangements are not as complex as  Tori's, that doesn't make them inferior. I only address this issue just to  clarify to the uninitiated on either front that Tori and Fiona are totally  different musicians, and just because you like one of them doesn't  necessarily mean you will like the other, so make sure first!<br />(Apologies  if I misuse apostrophes, I am only a college student! :-) )
6304383177|5.0|Grant and Hepburn are hillarious together and I loved both of their characters. I rented it out of curiosity and wound up watching it non-stop over and over until I regretably had to return it. You must be able to  appreciate old movies and the type of comedy they used in that time period.  If you cant then you might not enjoy it and will then trash it on one of  the following reviews. But if you do watch this wonderful classic, enjoy.
B000000OU6|1.0|Slash obviously was not the reason GNR rocked with a groove. But I guess if you are a young male (read sexually frustrated) this is the bomb...
006017322X|5.0|I was probably 12 years old then I read &quot;To Kill a Mocking Bird&quot; for the first time. I've read it in Russian, not knowing that Harper Lee a female, not knowing the laws and habits of southern population of States.  The book came out in 1964, the Cold War time and I think was a great  example for propaganda, that Americans are bad and discrimination in  America is a normal thing. But for 12 year/old all that was not so obvious.  I fell in love with a book and it became my table-book. For my Literature  classes I memorized parts and monologs, which was unusual choice of book in  Russian school. I brought that old Russian copy with me when my family came  to America. And now when I have both Russian and English copies I can  compare. I would recommend this classic book to any child or adult.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|If you can't sing, it sure helps to have a nice body with a tremendous rear asset to get you a record deal. Sorry people, I like Jennifer as an actress but not as a singer. Her tunes are popular because they are catchy  and they ooze the latin flavor everyone is begging for. But that still is  not enough to hide her weak vocals. Let's see how many people like  Jennifer's singing when her beauty fades away. If she is still singing that  is.... (which i am extremely doubtful about)
6305622930|1.0|Well, was bound to happen, can't view this on my computer. First title its happened. Time to buy the Toshiba 3109 home player. Great movie, first couple of chapters I could view got me going. One of my favorite movies of  all time, and actually the first non Sci Fi title I've purchased. BTW, MGA  really has to get their act together. Their titles always seem to create  the most problems.
B000002UYZ|5.0|Sure, there are other places to get all these songs (the original albums and Past Masters, Vol.1 &amp; 2), and sure, Capital could have issued this on 1 cd and saved us a lot of money. But they decided to be true to the LP  release (and make themselves much weathier), and this is what we've got. So  here are the facts:<br />The music here rates 5 stars. The remastering is far  superior to the other releases that contain these songs. So, if you are new  to the Bealtes and want the best fidelity, you should bite the bullet on  the price and buy it. If you're a Bealtemaniac, then you'll need it because  of the superior sonics. If you don't like the Beatles, what are you doing  here?
6300185249|5.0|My husband and I still say that with every home project we come across.  This movie is pure joy from start to finish. Hey you guys: how about the line where they are fighting and he states &quot;oh, the plaster  came?&quot; Hurray for Tom Hanks who, of course, makes this movie what it  is. Will enjoy watching it over and over with the whole family.  Now if we  could only get it in DVD form!
B000002G87|5.0|How many double albums have not one moment of filler? Maybe Blonde on Blonde, maybe Exile On Main Street, if that's your cup of tea. This is one of the most consistantly brilliant albums of all time. Anyone who is really  interested in great soulful rock music cannot be without this in their  collection. A cornerstone.
B000021XR5|5.0|With the unfortunate demize of Alice in Chains, thank god for the rebirth of STP.  They continue to be the only contemporary rock outfit that is worth my money.  On &quot;No.4&quot; they expertly flex a diversity of  styles - from blistering rockers like &quot;Down&quot;, to lilting  acoustical balads like &quot;I Got You&quot; - that is characteristic of  only the best bands.  If you want musical candy, stick with Kid Rock and  Ricky Martin.  If want a meal, look no further.
B000002UAX|5.0|Black Francis, the leader of the Pixies, once said &quot;The White Album is our favorite record. We've listened to it so many times that we can play the whole album without any preparation.&quot;  The white album has always  been an immense inspiration to numerous creative musicians.  Arguably the  most  influential album ever recorded.
B00000J7JO|3.0|It's a good cd, but what is up with songs like &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;? What happened to the good ol' days, when they were pumping out cool songs like &quot;Give It Away&quot;, &quot;My Friends&quot; and  &quot;Aeroplane&quot;?
B00000K19E|4.0|Excellent cinematography &amp; effects. Good acting. Fast story will be hard to follow if not watched intently. Thin storyline. Could instill violent behavior in younger (or stupid older) viewers.
0375707972|1.0|I am a senior in high school and an avid reader.  The first half of this book was enjoyable, but then it just got plain boring.  Maybe it is my age or lack of interest, but I just ended up skimming the end because I wasn't  about to give the time to finish it.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|To those of you who think that Rage Against the Machine are hypocrites for being with Sony, one must first understand their point of view.  While it would be wonderful if they could remain on an indie label, one must  understand that they are trying to get their message out to as many people  as possible.  So, although Sony may be part of &quot;The Machine&quot;  which they are raging against, in order to get that message out to the  greatest number of people they must work within the system.  In effect,  RATM is using the system against itself, which is not being hypocritical.
0446525537|4.0|I have read all of Nicholas Sparks' books, and I have to say that this one is the best one of them all. Yes, it is even better than &quot;The Notebook&quot;.  Although the begnning was somewhat slow, the story picked  up, and before I knew it, I was totaly engrossed in the love story of  Landon and Jamie. And being the sentimental person that I am, the end of  the book left me in tears. Sparks has improved so much as both a writer and  a story teller. I am looking forward to his next book.
B000001Y42|4.0|This album is an energetic fusion of hard rock and hip hop.The first five tracks stand out as the best,&quot;Conterfeit&quot; being won of the songs you will listen to again and again.The production on the album is quite  rough which adds to the albums brash energy.Songs like &quot;Faith&quot;  and &quot;Stuck&quot; show Limp Bizkits `Quiet to Loud` ethic in full flow.   Its only when the album is over do you ask yourself &quot;Dont you just  love hot Chix?&quot;
6305426651|2.0|The worst thing about this movie is the stock phrases and now-meaningless cliches it made so many of you use to praise its invisible virtues.
B000021XS0|4.0|I'd have to place this album at a close third, with Awake and I&amp;W vying for the top two spots.<br />Musically, the structure is loose, but in a good way...DT opted for the &quot;studio-writing&quot; approach for this  album, something I'm not a big fan of.  While this stream-of-conciousness  method produced some great music, the lyrics were largely mediocre and, in  some parts, just plain awful.  The sound was nice and tight, the precision  being just what we've come to expect from DT after all these  years.<br />However, the vocals lacked (to borrow a guitar word)  &quot;Aunch!&quot;  While there was a bit of spirited singing, James Labrie  sounded almost bored in a few passages.  The only other musical complaint  that I have is that some of the slower bits verged on easy-listening.<br />An  excellent effort and a good introduction for those of us who where  previously unaware of Jordan Rudess.  I wish he'd find some better strings  patches, but his execution was as flawless as only a classically-trained  musician can be.<br />-J.
B000002UDD|4.0|Overall, a good hard-rocking album worth buying if you're a Megadeth fan. Perhaps the weakest elements on it would be the way the drums are miked on a couple of songs and the weird intro to Mary Jane. I'd say Peace Sells...  and Rust in Peace have a slightly harder edge. Otherwise So What.. is a  typically satisfying piece of ear-candy from Dave Mustaine and co. still  quite worthy of a place in your Megadeth album collection.
0812550757|5.0|Speaker for the Dead is great book. I recentely re-read the Ender Saga and was once again surprised by how *real* the characters and story seem, and how easy it is to get emotionally envolved with them. I even cried a little  in some parts. Add a great story on top of this, and you get a more than  worthy sequel to Ender's Game. Highly reccommended for anyone.
B00001OH82|5.0|14 scorching, searing, snarling tracks make up this masterpiece, arguably one of Bowie's finest achievements.  Bowie wandered about for a while after the spectacular commercial success of &quot;Let's Dance&quot;, and this  back-to-basics album was the start of his most self-assured period.  Tin  Machine rocks harder than just about anything else Bowie has recorded.   I've been listening to it for ten years now and it still knocks me cold.   Even if you don't think you like Bowie you should listen to this album at  least ten times.  It will grow on you.
6305013578|1.0|The 1984 re-release with the Georgio Moroder music score is the only version worth buying and it is no longer available.  The '84 release originally came out in VHS and eventually Laser Disc--a demonstration that  exceptional quality is possible.  I wish I knew what studio produced the  Laser Disc and that they would re-release the '84 version of Metropolis  with Georgio Moroder's music score on DVD with the same quality that was  given to the Laser Disc.  It seems that when Laser Disc went out of style  in favor of DVD, the public lost the only consistant quality product  available to a cheap, mass-produced, entity.  I guess if you have not seen  the '84 version of this movie or have not seen it from Laser Disc, then you  have nothing to compare the the junk being offered currently!
0425170349|1.0|First let me tell you that I've always been a Clancy fan and have read most of his books. From &quot;Red Dawn&quot; to &quot;Clear and Present Danger&quot; I always enjoyed his attention to technical detail.<br />I'm  sorry to say that this book has none of that. It's as if a different person  wrote it. The characters are shallow, boring and not very believable. The  story line is almost a repetition of his prior work. I found myself  skipping through pages in order to make it to the excruciating end.<br />This  is the last Clancy book I'll read. I consider my money wasted.
B0000027RL|5.0|i can't say enough about this album, and this band.  every song is amazing, passionate, explosive, and meaningful.  in a world full of rip-off pop music, pearl jam is a band that does not compromise and stands alone.
B0000025QC|5.0|If you haven't yet experienced A.V., this is the cd to begin your journey.  And journey you will. Turn off the lights, put on your headphones, and let  your mind travel to landscapes only your mind and his music can create.  In  the first tract, you will find yourself stepping into an as yet  undiscovered magical cavern inside your soul.  It was this cd that  initiated me to the wondrous sounds of A.V., and I've been hooked ever  since.  The only cd I would recommend above this one for your first taste  is The Trilogy, which encompasses the best of three of his best:  White  Winds, Behind the Garden and Caverna.  The only downfall to The Trilogy, is  the jumping of themes.  Each cd takes you to a specific plane, and I think  it's best to enjoy them all one trip at a time.  Add Dancing with the Lion  and Down to the Moon to The Trilogy, and you've got what you need to take  the most relaxing vacation of your life, without leaving home.  Book of  Roses, Eolian Minstrel and Kryptos will round out a fantastic collection,  but you can save these until you your ready for your next vacation.  They  will take you to completely different eras.  Buy Caverna Magica for  yourself, then buy it for friends.  They'll thank you for the peace of  mind.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr. Dre is back on top of things once again with his new album chronic 2001.  Dr. dre shows he has never lost his touch to perfect the beat with this amazing album. The album has 22 tracks and every one is incrediable.   I have always loved dre from when his was with N.W.A till now and nothing  has changed he still puts out music that any rap fan young or old will  love.  Without a dought pick this one up.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Why was this box ever discontinued?  I have been trying to find it for years.  I can't imagine being without this music.  Bob left behind quite a gift - don't go through life without it.
6304117752|5.0|This is a great movie.  I have watched it every time it has been on tv.  Now that I have my own children I want to share this wonderful movie with them but alas it is out of stock. I agree with everyone else- this movie  should be rereleased on DVD!
0312853238|4.0|This is the first Orson Scott Card book I've read, and I'm pleased to say it won't be the last.The story seemed fairly fast paced to me, with a bunch of great characters, I frequently forgot that most of them were children  and had to keep reminding myself this must be what it's like to be pushed  so far when you're so young. The book wasn't as detailed as I'm used  to(being a primary Stephen King reader), my only complaint is I had a  little trouble &quot;watching&quot; some of the battle scenes in my head.  Still, a great book.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine bows out on a high....this is a fine collection of her greatest hits with new future hits....truly a world class singer. Enjoy your break Celine!
B000002JSJ|3.0|powerfull album but shallow,..Iam not a huge Led Zep fans,..but I appreciate this album,..the songs are much better than the Tracks on the album In through the out door.
B00000K19E|5.0|The matrix has got to be the action movie by which all future action sci-fi movies will be judged well into the millenium
0393317552|4.0|Reading the reviews that customers have given, I am struck by the polarization of views that are represented.  I am particularly impressed with those who take offense at what is perceived to be a &quot;PC&quot;  perspective on world history.  Many Western readers appear to bridle at the  author's statments in which he portrays the intelligence of aboriginal  peoples as superior to those descended from white Europeans.  Given the  subject matter I guess it should not be surprising that politics cannot be  left out.  If anything, perhaps Diamond should have been more diplomatic.   But I do appreciate his perspective which, in the general run of history  books available, is still rather new.  I find that I do not view the food  on my table the same way after reading the book.  I believe this is  Diamond's greatest contribution -- that he brings the eye of an avid  birdwatcher and evolutionary biologist to the canvas of human history.  I  do not recommend reading it because of political inclinations.  I recommend  it because it makes one think.  Thinking in this manner is (dare I say it?)  fun.
6302517052|5.0|This movie is like gremlins with teeth... well, gremlins with sharper teeth. I don't beleive there is anyone on earth who hasn't seen it so buy it, you won't regret it.
0380730405|5.0|Rebecca is a truly delightful classic that I can read over and over again. I have also watched the Alfred Hitchcock interpretation of the book, in his movie entitled Rebecca. You should see it! The movie captures all of the  mystery, romance, and suspense of the book.  Usually movies change the  story drastically or just are not as good as the book.  Hitchcock does the  book justice!  But anyway, READ THIS BOOK because it's truly engaging and  beautifully written. You will not be able to put it down!  One of my all  time favorite novels.
B00000JPH6|3.0|One of my favorite movies of all time, I was highly dissapointed in this version! The color is all off(if they really expect us to believe the movie was so saturated in color when it was originally released, they have  another thing coming to them!),and does anyone else miss the stone boarder  that used to frame the prolouge? The only reason I'm giving it such a high  rating is for the wonderful extras, including an hour long documentary and  a cut scene I've personally never seen before. If you love this movie and  you're itching to see it again, I suggest you start looking for one of the  older versions of the VHS tape instead of buying this poorly remastered  dvd.
B000005RR0|3.0|This import-only CD (and why Virgin hasn't issued this disc, or something like it, in the U.S. is beyond me) is an okay introduction for the uninitiated or for those who only want the biggest radio hits, but you  really can't do without albums like STICKY FINGERS, EXILE, and SOME GIRLS.  And I agree with those who decry those who would butcher (er, edit) these  tracks just to cram 'em onto a single CD.<br />Speaking of the Virgin label,  whatever happened to the box sets and rarities compilations that fans were  promised when the label acquired the Stones' post-Sixties catalog? They've  reissued the original albums, released a handful of new titles, and put out  this best-of overseas, but that's pretty much been it. Why isn't the  catalog of this monumental band being handled more thoroughly and  creatively? Are the Stones themselves to blame, or is it Virgin's fault? At  any rate, between ABKCO (1963-1970) and Virgin (1971-present), this band's  recorded output (and its fans) have been rather ill-served, I'm afraid. Oh,  well, maybe things'll improve in another 15 or 20 years...
B000001EMW|2.0|Well, considering the reviews were so good, I thought I'd get it. That was a big mistake. 4 cellos just dont do it for me. Most of the time they sound like fingernails on a chalkboard. I love Metallica, and own all their CD's,  but this CD is terrible. Although I am looking forward to S&amp;M........
6304119046|5.0|Why do people say it's overrated? Like there could be a best movie of all time without receiving opinions like that. Star Wars, as simple and slightly hokey as it is (I liked it), received a better review average than  this movie. Seeing it, I knew it would be extremely boring to very many a  people (I fell asleep the first time I watched it. That doesn't make it any  worse. I was younger), but the same could be said of many other works. What  people would do well to understand is that there are more than one kind of  &quot;best&quot;.
B000003TBP|5.0|I have never been a big fan of Beck, in fact I didn't really know him until this past year. I gotta admit it, when I bought the CD I didn't think it'll be THAT good and the first time I listened to it it sounded kidna  weird. But after another time of listening to the tracks, I found out that  that Beck is a great artist! His songs are very... umm... different, he's  not affected by the things that are currently popular and that's great.  Besides the tracks I've already known and loved (&quot;Where It's At&quot;  and &quot;Devils Haircut&quot;), Beck has some really cool songs, such as  the great &quot;The New Pollution&quot;, &quot;Derelict&quot; and  &quot;Hotwax&quot;. That's it. Just perfect. Way to go!
B00000272N|5.0|Not just &quot;Facelift&quot; but all their works are just materpiece.  Killer, Best, &quot;AIC rules&quot; are all true but just understatements.  I am sad that they broke up but at the same time it is good because they  dont have to drag themselves like some old bands like Rolling Stones or  even Van Halen.  <br />AIC are the bestest of the best for many years to come  and they are gonna be a legendary figure like Zepplin(who I love) or  BIGGERRRRRR!
B000031XCR|5.0|When I first listened to the seven new tracks in this album, I didn't fall in love with them at once, but as I have played the CD more and more, I have realized how wonderful material is included here. The refreshing  &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; is one of the most happy, uplifting hits  of the year. Will Jennings and James Horner's penned &quot;Then You Look At  Me&quot; explores the nature and secret of life with an orchestration and a  voice that is likely to blow off roofs. &quot;If Walls Could Talk&quot; is  a savvy interpretation by Celine of such a sultry, sexy song, and the  backing vocals of Shania Twain and her husband Robert &quot;Mutt&quot;  Lange are an additional excellent touch. Celine also pays tribute on her  own way to Frank Sinatra on &quot;All The Way.&quot; The album includes  nine of her greatest hits to day, most remarkably &quot;I'm Your  Angel,&quot; &quot;My Heart Will Go On,&quot; &quot;Because You Loved  Me,&quot; and &quot;The Power Of Love.&quot; Celine has released the  perfect album to close the millenium and to go on her much deserved break  from the spotlight.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I've been a Santana fan for years and am glad to hear an album that ranks up there with his earlier works. Interestingly, the very first time I listened to this album I was able to whistle the entire tune in Love of My  Life. I wasn't sure how this could be until I realized the whole melody was  taken from the opening theme of the third movement of Brahms' third  symphony. Nevertheless, Carlos has really outdone himself here. For anyone  who lost interest in Santana during the late 80s and early 90s, I highly  recommend this album as one which will rekindle your admiration.
6304712936|4.0|Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's life is shrouded in legend, and who better than Hollywood to exploit the myths? With &quot;Amadeus,&quot; we're presented with a compelling, albeit inaccurate, portrayal of the maestro's life, and  the results are beautiful! <br />The strength in any good movie always starts  with the acting, and &quot;Amadeus&quot; is well-equipped in that catagory.  F. Murray Abraham delivers a great performance as Mozart's envious  colleague, Antonio Salieri, while Tom Hulce hands us a memorable enactment  of the title character. Added to the mix are fine efforts by the supporting  cast, rounding out the presentation.<br />Imagery is crucial in films of this  sort, and we are not disappointed in this area; cinematography is excellent  and art direction is fabulous. The opera scenes are magnificent, making the  viewer feel as though they were present.<br />The only qualm that I have with  this film is that it's slightly too long. Those interested in the subject  will have no problem with it, others may be somewhat tested. Nonetheless,  my above rating should read: &quot;4 1/2 stars.&quot;<br />Don't fret over the  historical inaccuracies of this work, if you want the &quot;real&quot;  Mozart, watch a documentary. This film is about storytelling. Surrender to  it, you'll be glad you did!
B000002UR7|5.0|I think this album should have gotten way more credit than it has, because it is so underplayed and what not.  If you have not heard it, listen, and judge for yourself. Jeremy Hall
0553278223|4.0|The year is 1999 and man has landed on Mars leaving behind his entire world on the edge of destruction.  Man comes and settles Mars, but at the same time, Mars is settling man. Many people land and find settlements to  occupy on Mars. After years if living on Mars, man recieves a message from  Earth thst war i breaking out. Many of the men return to Earth to fight for  their original planet. Their world, already on the brink of destruction was  destroyed by their own incompetence leaving the single remaining family on  Mars to learn the  lesson of life on their own. &lt;I&gt; The Martian  Chronicles&lt;/I&gt;, by Ray Bradbury is a compelling and fast paced  science fiction novel.        Ray Bradbury is a very descriptive write, and  that quality let him write a fast-paced and descriptive book. His writing  gives you a sense of being therre on Mars, observing, while nobody would  know you were there. His story is supposed be set in the present, although  it is necessary  to know that the story takes place in the future. When  Bradbury wrote &lt;I&gt;The Martian Chronicles&lt;/I&gt; the year was 194  so 1999 would be a reasonable year to expect settling on the moon.  &lt;I&gt;The Martian Chronicles&lt;/I&gt; is a very well written and  descriptive book by Ray Bradbury.      Of the many books I have read, I  consider &lt;I&gt;The Martian Chronicles&lt;/I&gt; to be one of the best.  The book might be overbearing if you do not absorb detail very quickly. I  enjoyed it although I had to read and reread some of the chapters, because  it was so descriptive and made me feel like I had my own window into the  future. I would recommend this book this book to anyone who has time to  read an excellent novel. Although this book could be read by anyone, I  would not recommend anyone under sixth grade reading it because of the  subject matter. &lt;I&gt;The Martian Chronicles&lt;/I&gt; by Ray Bradbury  is a thought provoking novel well worth reading
0767802519|5.0|Intro:<BR> The last thing you expect when you're a hitman is to save a life. A Luc Besson film, which has his stamp of quality all over it. Jean Reno stars as Italian 'cleaner' (hitman) Leon, who unwittingly stumbles into the tragically orphaned world of Mathilda, a young girl played by Natalie Portman. Set in New York, Leon makes his living carrying out hits supplied by the only man he trusts, Tony, played by the competent Danny Aiello. With her life turned upside down, Mathilda turns to a reluctant Leon for help, teaming up for a vendetta that will mean her growing up faster than she'd planned. A masterful performance from Gary Oldman adds a certain evil quality that keeps the film flowing towards what promises to be a devastating climax.<br />Picture:<BR> Excellent quality picture with minimal grain and no bleed, the colours really come to life. From vivid blue skies to the New York brownstone buildings, everything is very realistic.<br />5/5 For Picture<br />Sound:<BR> From the gunshots to the atmospheric street scenes, all formats are tested to great effect. Sound separation is very impressive, filling the whole room, while the music is integrated with the film, to add to the enjoyment. <br />4/5 For Sound<br />Movie:<BR> You simply can't find fault when you have the combination of a fantastic director and a quality cast. This film has action as well as a plot, very rare these days, and really gets you involved in the character's lives. Each actor holds their own, and Natalie Portman's performance is worthy of an actress twice her age. <br />5/5 For The Movie<br />Summary:<BR> Luc Besson at his directing best, a flawless film which keeps you hooked from beginning to end. Impressive acting and a beautiful New York backdrop puts this movie head and shoulders above any in it's field. <br />5/5 Overall
0446525537|1.0|This totally unrealistic coming of age love story was trite, poorly writen and lacking in character development.  The plot was predictable. Within the first 30 pages, I had figured out the fate of all the major characters, and  was absolutely on target.  This is NOT a book for anyone who enjoys  beautiful language, character development, in-depth psychology, or an  intriging plot as all these elements are missing.<br />It might be a suitable  and safe book for a 12 - 14 year old - particularly a romantically inclined  but unsophisticated young girl.  Not worth the time for a mature reader.
0061003646|5.0|This story has lots of characters and plot twists.  Readers will find Miss Marple and her investigation of the crimes to be highly involving.  A classic story that will be enjoyed by every Agatha Christie fan.
B000002KM6|5.0|My favorite VH album. 'Meantstreet' and 'Unchianed' are nothing short of incredible... demanding you to move to the music. It's nothing less than primal. <br />No one here mentions 'Hear About It Later'. This has got to be  the most 'beautiful', hard-driving rocker I've ever heard. <br />Fantastic  album... can't praise it enough.<br />Won't ever be another 'Fair Warning',  you can bet on that.
B000002LCK|5.0|You hear Sub-Culture and remember the rain...  Temptation brings you back to her arms... and True Faith is the bitter silence between the both of you on that long ride home through the fog...
B000000W5F|4.0|Dear Georgia and Brazil, When The Rolling Stones release a record, it isn't always a smash hit that sells. The music of The Rolling Stones has a staying power that sums up the period in which it was made. I suppose you  would have to be out of your diapers in 81' to understand that.
0451450523|5.0|This is my one of my favorite books. It has everything!  It has romance, comedy, action, and fantasy!  This is a must read!
B000002IZ4|5.0|Purple is the album that takes you to a another place.  I thought &quot;Bat out of Hell&quot; by Meatloaf was a hard to beat on a those long drives through the countryside, but the Stone Temple Pilots have come close  with this one. Best heard with the volume 'Cranked Up' to the fullest.
B000009DUY|5.0|Saving Private Ryan is probably one of the best movie scores I had ever listened to.Everytime I listen to it I think about all the soldiers and veterans who fought and died in WW2.Being a big fan of the John  Williams,Steven Speilberg,and the movie,which I also give about 5 stars,I  call this another one of John Williams' masterpieces.
B00001QGPR|4.0|Bowie seems to still be getting a lot of flak for his eighties slump; most rockers his age can rehash and regurgitate and get rewarded by most critics just for showing up.  Bowie, on the other hand, has started to really take  some chances again with his music, and only a few critics seem to have  noticed.  While &quot;Hours...&quot; is  (consciously or  unconsciously)reminiscient of &quot;Hunky Dory&quot; and then &quot;The Man  who Sold the World,&quot; he has inserted the lyrics of a fifty-something  musician who admittedly feels a bit left behind.  Well, this is stuff we  (adults) can sink our teeth into!  I especially love how the album starts  out slow and builds up steam; with each listen this approach seems to make  more sense.  Those who have listened to him for a long time don't always  want the sustained energy of &quot;Earthling.&quot;  (We can't always take  it!  Sometimes we just want a nice ride!) And we know this is the real  thing; Bowie's been giving us the real thing since &quot;Outside&quot; or  even before.  I think he knows it; too bad it's taken rock critics a while  to be convinced.
B00000K31Q|4.0|10 Things I Hate About You is a hilariously funny movie.  It is a wonderful remake of Taming of the Shrew.  It's about two sisters that are the exact opposite of each other. One is very into her looks and wants  everyone to love her.  The other sister could care less about people liking  her or about the way she looks.  This movie is about the sisters  relationships with others and how similar they actually are.  So if you  want a good laugh and a little drama, 10 Things I Hate About You is for  you.
0671027344|4.0|I dont know what it was, but there was something that was just really weird about this whole book.  There was something about Charlie I just didn't like.  The way he cried so easily, the way he always wanted his life ot be perfect...I don't know.  There are some really great parts, and the  book really is awesome, but...it just doesnt deserve five stars.<br />I do  agree though, this should be required reading in high school.  My system  has summer reading, this should be one of the books.
185984054X|5.0|After reading this, I'm persuaded that while churches may be good for the soul, they're hell on the body.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|&quot;When the Pawn...&quot; has more soul than her previous album, &quot;Tidal.&quot; When I popped this CD into the player, I knew it was different. Although I liked &quot;Tidal,&quot; I found that only two or  three songs interested me. However, with this new album, every song is  unique and interesting. Fiona's gorgeous vocals combined with the  instrumentals make the album very enjoyable. My favourite song on the album  at this moment is &quot;A Mistake.&quot; The lyrics are beautiful, the beat  is fabulous, and her voice shows great range. This album is mature,  sophisticated, and beautifully done. Highly recommended!
B0000214F3|4.0|As many of the other reviews stated, I fell asleep the first time I tried to watch this.  I was captivated during the coffee shop scene, but by the time the peanut butter came out I was snoozing.  I had heard that this was  a wonderful movie, so I decided to give it another chance.  This time I  decided to watch the ending first.  I was left in awe, with my mouth  hanging open, that is after I got through all the tears.  This was the kind  of ending that really hits the heart.  The ending makes the sometimes slow  3-hour journey worth it.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I didn't think Savage Garden could beat their first album, but I was wrong!  I've been listening to it nonstop since I bought it.  There isn't a song that I don't like!  I recommend it to anyone who enjoys the unique  sounds of Savage Garden.
B00001OH7T|3.0|Bowie's journey into &quot;Plastic Soul&quot; (a phrase originally choined to describe the Rolling Stones by a black blues musician--used punningly by the Beatles for Rubber Soul). An uneven album with many highlights. The  title track (with references to the Beatles' A Day in the Life) and Fame  both are outstanding and hold up well compared to Bowie's best.<br />YA has  its share of filler. The sound is very good but, again, missing the bonus  tracks detracts from the luster of this reissue.
B000003CUJ|2.0|I LOVE The Ring.  I bought this cd because I thought it would be all orchestral interludes, it's not.  The music from Siegfried is pointless. This cd does not feature one interlude from this great opera, but is rather the music without the vocals- which is DULL, to say the least.  <br />The  biggest downfall is The Ride of the Valkyries. It's orchestrations are  terrible, and it lacks all the power we've come to expect.  The Ride of the  Valkyries is best within the context it was written- with the vocals.<br />The  music from Das Rheingold and Gotterdammerung (which is my favorite of the  four operas) is wonderful.  I will give this cd that.<br />However, there is a  much better cd out there.  It's called &quot;Twilight of the Gods: The  essential Wagner Collection.&quot;  It is just that.  If you are interested  in opera or Wagner than this is the cd to get- it's a DOUBLE CD for the  price of one cd. Has twice as much music on it as the cd I am reviewing,  and is available from Amazon.<br />The Ride of the Valkyries is AWESOME (no  vocals here either, but it is GREAT), and MUCH better than on The Ring  Without Words.  This cd has the BIG PUNCH of the famous melody we all know  so well, the Ring without Words- lacks that Punch- or any punch for that  matter.<br />Twighlight of the Gods also includes the great music from Das  Rheingold, Gotterdammerung (which means- Twilight of the Gods) and  Siegfried..including a wonderful interlude.<br />The Twilight of the Gods is a  &quot;soundtrack&quot; to Wagners best music.  It includes much more than  just music from The Ring.  This cd is comparable to Amadeus!<br />Twilight of  the Gods is much better and also features famous orchestras and conductors.   It's a great bargin and much more energetic than The Ring Without Words.
B00001OH7V|4.0|What's sad about this masterpiece is that EMI in a cynical marketing move decided to remove the bonus tracks. Perhaps it was Bowie's decision but regardless, it doesn't do the fans justice. The sound is terrific and this  is a 5 star album (knocked a star for the missing bonus tracks).<br />What  extras do you get compared to the Rykodisc version? More pictures, a  booklet vs. a fold out lyric sheet and Bowie's picture on the spine.  Personally, I'd rather have the music.
6304057709|5.0|This movie is actually the flick that turned me on to &quot;British&quot; period films.  Emma and Kate are magnificient in their roles as the Dashwood sisters.  (Note Winslett's beautiful singing voice!)  The movie is  funny, yet sad, but resultingly satisfying.  I highly recommend this film  if you enjoy watching &quot;chick flicks&quot; with twists!
B00001OH7P|4.0|Ziggy ranks as one of Bowie's best albums and, in fact, definitely deserves to be on the millenium list. What troubles me is the lack of thought put into this reissue by EMI. The sound is terrific, but this  reissue lacks the bonus tracks on both the Rykodisc version and the first  reissues by EMI (which, for all intents and purposes, duplicated the  Rykodisc version). I'd hold off buying this album until they issue it on a  music DVD since. I have the feeling EMI will add the bonus tracks back  again as a marketing ploy to convince fans to plunk down more cash for  something you already have.<br />Taking advantage of your fans David, Emi  shame on you! I've knocked this down a star for the shabby way EMI has  reissued this (in much the same way they reissued the first batch of  Beatles albums).
6302636779|5.0|The trials and hardships of a struggling nun are depicted superbly as Sister Luke struggles with the vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience.  It's must viewing for anyone who grew up Catholic, being educated by  religious women.
0792151712|5.0|This movie made me cry and laugh. The only disappointment was the explicit language and nude scene. The acting was great, and the whole movie was very exciting. The scenes where the Titanic is sinking are so amazing. This is the best love story I have ever heard or seen, and the soundtrack and theme  &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; are perfect. I cried and cried continuously  throughout the movie. James Cameron has definitely proven his ability as a  director, and Leonardo DiCaprio did farely well as an actor. But Kate  Winslet made it so believable! If you like action and love stories you MUST  get this movie! Hear this from a 13 year old!
0788812408|5.0|One of the best Disney animated movies ever made. There's enough romance, mystery, adventure, comedy, and action to have you watch it again and again. It'll make you laugh.. it'll make you cry.. simply the excellence  that only Disney can achieve!
079284131X|4.0|One of Tom Holland's best films. Back to the 80's, this movie can be consider a classic of the horror genre. Brad Dourif has the exact voice for killer doll Chucky. It's absolutely perfect. If you didn't watch yet, watch  it now !
B00000J7J4|3.0|With the exception of &quot;Smooth&quot; I'd say this album lacks imagination and complexity.  Guitar riffs on several tracks are virtually identical.  I don't understand the hype and acclaim.
6302914191|5.0|I'm a Twin Peaks fan since the show open, at ABC-TV in 1990. Now than the entire series turn to VHS tapes, all I have to say is : If you never watch the series when it was on television, watch it now, I totally recommend.  And for the ones than already watch the series : Watch it again, it won't  hurt ! Laura Palmer will change your life, as change mine.
6304711891|5.0|This is one of the best action movies I have seen and was the first dvd I ever bought. I have seen this movie five times, twice on video and three times on dvd.<br />The video quality is excellent as well as the sound  quality. This is definitely a movie in which it is greatly excelled with a  good home theater system. The movie is great providing great action  sequences and an amazing car chase scene between a Hummer and a Ferrari.  There are a lot of quick punchlines and big explosions. A recommended buy!
B00000JPHG|1.0|After than I saw Child's Play 3, I was hoping than the fourth part, Bride of Chucky it will be another great Chucky movie. Looks like I was very wrong ! Chucky isn't the same anymore, he's now a lover slave of Jennifer  Tilly's Barbie version. And that ending...it's for real ? If that is  Child's Play 4, I can't wait to watch number 5, Seed of Chucky,  brrrrrrr....
6302994063|5.0|This film is absolutely the best film to watch whatever mood you're.  It's uplifting and Paul mercurio is seriously addictive.   It's amusing and lighthearted and guarunteed to put you in a good mood. Believe me, after  watching this film you will suddenly desire to take up ballroom dancing  lessons.
B000002MIF|5.0|This album is a revelation -- for Smiths fans and for anybody who likes witty, gritty music.  I'm a big fan of the Smiths in general -- but, ever since I first heard Hatful of Hollow (back in 1988), I've been wanting to  tell everyone to forget Louder Than Bombs, which has less passionate and  more sanitized versions of the same songs.  Hatful of Hollow has an  excitement, a rawness and a spontaneity which make it different from other  Smiths albums.  It's as great as The Queen is Dead, but in a completely  different way -- jagged and urban rather than lush and elegant. But Hatful  of Hollow also has all the qualities that we know and love in the Smiths --  Morissey's outrageous, self-deprecating wit, Johnny Marr's infectious  melodies, and that fabulous, androgynous, anti-macho attitude.  Please listen to this brilliant album.
B000002C1Z|5.0|While underappreciated in comparison to other Floyd classics that have received more air time, Animals is certainly one of their best.  It is as depressing and unnerving as its cover, with its dark industrial skies and  decrepit factories - an image of western civilization in the mid-1970s.   Pigs on the wing is as appealing for its oddity as it is for its simple  chords and endearing lyrics.  Dogs will remind you of someone you know if  you have worked in the world.  Pigs (three different ones) is a scathing  commentary on all that Roger Waters thinks is wrong with people (and his  glass is always half empty), and Sheep, with its pastoral beginnings and  horrific ending, is this album's answer to &quot;Careful with that Axe,  Eugene,&quot; or &quot;Cut you into little pieces&quot;, as &quot;Bleating  and babbling we fell on his neck with a scream!&quot;  If one's psyche can  stomach the images and the lyrics (and we all have a black side, which you  must acknowledge if you enjoy Pink Floyd) this may be the most powerful  musical album Floyd has ever produced.... but then there's Wish You Were  Here....and Meddle....and Dark Side of the Moon...take your choice!
B000002B7O|5.0|Plunked down five bucks for the remastered version at a pawn shop. Best 5-note I've spent in years. This CD doesn't miss a beat. SATO and Diary of a Madman are my two favorites, followed closely by Flying High Again, You  Can't Kill Rock and Roll and Believer. This may be Ozzy's best. If you've  never heard Ozzy before (as if there's anybody out there that hasn't) this  it the first one you needa get.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was 7 and have loved it ever since! The songs are great, the characters are fantastic and it's a great story! Everyone should see it!
B00000DG1R|5.0|This album is great if you like one or all of Duran Durans songs. My personal favorites are Ordinary World and View to a Kill. Worth every cent!
6305426651|3.0|A brilliantly executed plot, but not even half as good as either &quot;Night of the Shooting Stars&quot; or &quot;Seven Beauties&quot;
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I was blown away by this album. I've been a Savage fan since they first came out, but i never expected the sincerity of this album. The words and phrases stick in your head where they stay for the entire day. Upbeat and  wonderful. I would recommend this album to everyone!
6305313687|5.0|This is one of the most powerful and dramatic films I have ever seen, although I didn't realize it as I was watching it. Its story doesn't effect you as much until later, when you start thinking about it.  And then it  holds on to you for a few days after that.  That is what makes a good film!  Whether it be controversial, makes you hate, cry, angry, sad, or happy:  then it's superb craft at its best.<br />Edward Norton (Derek) is amazing as  the young leader of a skinhead gang, and Ed Furlong (Danny) equally  measures up as his impressionable younger brother.  Also, Jennifer Lien  (Davina) and Beverly D'Angelo (Doris) were excellent as the sister and  mother.<br />Though the film made graphic use of violence, what was more  disturbing was the dialogue.  The scene where Doris brings home Elliot  Gould for dinner is powerful and tears at your insides.  It's the moment  when the viewer realizes the extent of Derek's hate as he spouts his racist  rhetoric, and finally his propensity for violence when he lashes out at his  own mother and sister.  (A disturbing moment when he continually stuffs  paper-thin slices of red meat into Davina's mouth.)  But probably the most  powerful moment in this scene's sequence is the most underplayed and not  over the top when Doris says to him: &quot;I'm ashamed that you came from  inside me.&quot;<br />This film has many disturbing and powerful moments, and  the arty visuals make it even more so.  With a standout cast, Edward Norton  shines and showcases his frightening ability to play a character who is  filled with sheer hatred, but then evolves into a more compassionate human  being who realizes his original beliefs were misguided.<br />The ending,  though powerful, was probably the weakest in terms of believability  (relative to the film's story), but it will move you....and the message  will stay with you.
0767817478|1.0|What this movie needed was GODZILLA!  not his stunt double. and what was with Ferris Buler? Well anyway Jean Reno rules and no matter what a movie with im is always fun. Go see &quot;The Big Blue&quot; it Rules. This just  Rulezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Good night
B000031XCR|5.0|This collection is a great overview of Celine's first decade of English recordings.  There are a few key songs missing,  though:  &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot; and &quot;All By Myself&quot; were top ten hits  that aren't on there,  and four other top forty hits are missing.  And why  aren't there any French songs on there?  Although, I must admit that the  new songs make up for that.  &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; should quiet  a lot of Celine's detractors,  with its uptempo beat and positive message.   &quot;Live&quot; is extraordinary,  and all the songs are good, although I  don't care for the duet with Frank Sinatra.
0803956630|5.0|This book offers a very complete and detailed guide into conducting case study research, which is not only useful for researchers in social sciences, but also for business research. It is virtually the only book on  case study research at this level and practically helps researchers that  are planning to conduct case study research to avoid the pitfalls that are  luring for this complex and difficult research strategy/design and which  pitfalls have made the case study approach not so popular in the academic  community that deals with business research.
6304539258|4.0|Star Wars is a brilliant film.  Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, and Carrie Fisher act excellently in it.  The plot is nice and simple, and George Lucas mangas to make the audience care a lot about the characters.  Probably one of the best sci-fi films ever made.
B000001FS3|5.0|This was THE defining album of the 1980's, and one of the defining rock albums of all time.  Each song is a true masterpiece, the likes of which any other band would be lucky to have just one.  My own favourite track is,  not surprisingly, &quot;With or Without You&quot;, a heartbreakingly  beautiful track that is proof of the emotional power of truly great music.   No collection is complete without this album, regardless of whether you're  into R&amp;B, blues, classical, etc., because of the sheer strength of the  music.  The Beatles were never this good.
6304696515|5.0|This is by far one of the best films of deceit, honor and love.  Glenn Close and John Malkovich are splendid as the villains we love to hate.  However, almost ten years after its original release, Keanu Reeves still  leaves me befuddled as a choice for the role of the young, handsome  lover.<br />As far as production values, the whole design is magnificent eye  candy, even if it is about 50 years earlier than the 1789 of which the  story takes place.  You will lose yourself in this elegent world of desire,  deceit, death and debauchery.  And when everyone gets theirs in the end,  oh, how we wish it never had to end!
1563890119|5.0|I don't understand the people who say that &quot;Preludes &amp; Nocturnes&quot; is the worst of the Sandman collections. It's undoubtedly better than most of the non-Dream collections, like the regrettable Dream  Country and the unfocused (but nice) World's End. It has &quot;24  Hours&quot;, arguably the best issue of the whole series, and the whole of  Dream's return to power is beautifully drawn, beautifully written, very  very well done.
6305013578|1.0|The only thing I can add to the other excoriating comments on the DVD is that the two-channel sound appears to be unidentified mono recordings of various classics (e.g. Mendelssohn's Italian symphony, Prokofiev's 1st  symphony), from the early electrical days, judging from the poor quality  (performances OK), prepared by recording the channels with opposite phase.  This gives a very strange sound, depending on your system.  I ended up  using the L-R mode of my preamp for a semblance of centered mono.<br />I got  this as a gift, but I had asked for it; I should have read Amazon's reviews  first.  I can't imagine how this ever got produced or marketed.
0385493800|3.0|Starting with &quot;The Firm,&quot; continuing through &quot;Pelican Brief&quot; and &quot;Client,&quot; Grisham's stories start wonderfully but end without imagination.  After reading four of Grisham's books (I kept  hoping they'd get better), I swore I wouldn't read another.  Then a lawyer  I know told me &quot;Testament&quot; was very good.  I bought it and read  it.  The story starts with a very compelling idea -- a wealthy eccentric  executes a handwritten will conveying his estate to a previously unknown  illegitimate daughter who is on a mission deep in the jungles of South  America, and the search is on.  The tale of the search, and the character  searching for her (Nate), are interesting and well developed.  That's why I  gave the book three stars.  The end of the story, however, gives up.  The  story leads the reader to believe a hotly-contested will contest is  imminent, and suddenly drops off an anti-climactic cliff.  It's as if  Grisham had five minutes to finish the book, grabbed a simple ending and  rushed it off to the publisher.  Hopefully some screenwriter will create a  better ending if it's made into a film (the way they did in &quot;The  Firm&quot;).  Don't buy the book; wait for the movie.
0783222734|2.0|I bought this edition a few years ago.  Now I hear very strong hissing and static on the soundtrack.  It almost seems like the tape is degrading or something.  It's in a cabinet and not next to anything magnetic or hot or  cold.  Very weird.
B000020617|5.0|I think Foo Fighters caught more new fans by this CD. I like this CD so much,especially &quot;Learn to fly&quot;, &quot;Breakout&quot; and &quot;Next year&quot;. I felt their music became soft compare with their  ex-CDs. Still their songs are melodious rock. Another reason I like this CD  is that I can enjoy the enhanced-CD part on the computer. I really love the  music video of &quot;Learn to fly&quot;,it's really hilarious!(it's  included on this CD). Also,you have an access to their exclusive web page  on the Internet by this CD. It's really cool,eh?  This CD is worthy to  get!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I remember meeting Carlos and the band heading down to Spring Break in Ft.Lauderdale in a gas station in REDNECK country with 3 other freaks with  our hair tucked up in baseball caps as those were the days they killed you  if you were from the north which we were(NJ) and if you had long  hair.Carlos was glad to see real people in a sea of REDNECK yankee/non  white haters and we caravaned with the mobile home the group was using til  we hit the Florida state line.Carlos was playing a festival in Miami,where  he kicked serious a.s and I'm glad to hear he still has got it! Keep it  up Carlos us oldies still got it going on!
B000003T9B|4.0|This debut from Overkill may have been recorded on a budget but the songs are solid and a terrific indication of what was to come in their prolific career. Not their best but definitely worth buying. I am glad to still have  them around keeping the metal faith alive.
6305594252|2.0|I purchase the DVD release before the special edition and was really unhappy to find that half way through the movie i had to turn over the god damn disk. I was looking forward to watching stargate on DVD but this just  ruined it for me. I am now stuck with a movie i enjoy split on two sides of  a disk that can easily fit the movie on one side. I would avoid purchasing  this edition as i gather that nothing has changed to most likely still have  to flip the disk.
B000023VR6|5.0|The Chronic Pt II.  Dre has a different cast of characters but the same bumpin sound.  This CD was well worth the wait.  Every song on the CD is tight.  This is what a rap CD should be like. Dre is often imitated never  duplicated. Haters beware
0312199066|1.0|Could this guy have any more of an ego. If he could see past his own vainity he would be a much better storyteller.
B000002J0B|5.0|It's Led Zeppelin.  There is no more to say.  This is an unbelievable album which has the most variety than any other record.  A must buy Zep. Album.
0792839129|5.0|A great movie. So who cares that it  is pure fantasy? So refreshing from the run of the mill &quot;Super action&quot; films that you cannot take your children to see. This is one you can take them to and they will  remember. My  now 32 year old had a replica of the car and as a new Father,  he recently purchased this  to &quot;view&quot; with his 10 month old  daughter. Not surprisingly, she wasn't very impressed. I believe he bought  it for himself. I know his daughter will love it when she is old enough to  understand it.
B000002UT5|4.0|i bought myself the tape of this one and came to love it and the songs on it..when that wore out i bought the cd..great sound to it and richard marx has a great voice that can match any song
0767836286|5.0|This movie is fantastic.  One of the best films i have seen in years.  Terrific acting from Bridges, Cushack, and Robbins.  Suberb directing and photography and an excellent script make it the most orriginal film in  years.  The DVD is also very very good. It is also filled with wonderful  extras like a documentory and an alternate ending.  Not to mention a  commentary by bridges and robbins.  Everyone in this movies deserves an  award for excellency.
B000002BQK|5.0|Rainbow and #1's can't even come colse to the spectacularly produced twinkling sounds of Butterfly. This is classic Mariah where she thrusts her voice just enoght to make you wonder if this sound in of a woman or an  angel. The blended R&amp;B, pop and hip hop work together to create a  masterpiece that fans old and new will enjoy forever. Some songs are deep  and emotional (Butterfly, The Beautiful Ones, Outside and Close My Eyes)  and some are romantic and flirty (Honey, My All, Babydoll, Fourth of July,  Whenever You Call) and some are just beautiful, origional songs that  totally seep you away (The Roof, Breakdown and Fly Away). Mariah Carey just  sparkles on Butterfly and if you get any album of hers get Daydream. If you  gat another one, get Butterfly.
B000021XS0|5.0|DT keeps getting better...and this album is no exception.  Even with the absense of Derek Sherinian at keyboards, the music is tight, well thought-out and well put-together.  A must listen album for those who  appreciate music for the content and composition, not the weak minded,  drunken, produce-an-album-quick-for-cash noise found on today's radio  stations.<br />Despite what people may have thought, the age of the concept  album didn't die in the '70s and '80s...it's alive and well and DT  continues to improve on this ideal.  Bands such as Styx and Rush pioneered  this ideal, and DT takes this ideal to the next level.  SCENES FROM A  MEMORY engages the listener from the very first note and captures your  thoughts and ears until the last note is played.  Almost like listening to  a good novel.<br />I've been a fan of DT for the last ten years since their  first album, When Dream and Day Unite.  Definately a band for the next  millenium.
B000003N7R|5.0|In A Sentimental Mood may very well be the most beautiful music ever recorded.  Seriously. i am just glad that i have had the good fortune of becoming a fan and collector of classic jazz because when i listen to this  CD and that song i begin to understand how beautiful and wonderful the  world can be.  John Coltrane and Duke Ellington wherever you may be in  spirit i thank you.
0790734060|5.0|I love this movie for its under-story. Salieri's conviction that God is his enemy, and God's representation on Earth is a Trickter par excellence; Hulce as Mozart. For some reason, I believe that Mozart himself would love  this role and story-line. The soundtrack to this film is sublime is its  most awesome, frightening and beautiful meaning.
B000031XCR|5.0|If you like Celine you will love this CD. If you love Celine you will think this album is fabulous! My two personal favorites of the new songs are,&quot;That's the way it is&quot; and &quot;If walls could  talk&quot;.This CD is well worth having!
B00000DBXL|4.0|I'm a Sacramento resident the Home Town of Cake! This band will always be special to me because I am a former co-worker and still friend of Trumphet player Vince di Fiore.  I just got a Post Card from Rio where the band just  closed their tour.  Althought I am somewhat biased, I love this bands  sound.  I have watched/followed CAKE play in small local clubs in  Sacramento, to MTV, The David Letterman Show, Conan O'Brian and a recent  World Tour. I love this CD because it's not cut from the typical mold.   It's different, that's why I like it!  &quot;Walk On By&quot; has a special  place in my heart, but my favorite song by far is &quot;Satan Is My  Motor.&quot;  This song is just named &quot;MOTOR&quot; on some CD's.  I  find this song has a hidden meaning that has nothing at all to do with  Satan.  Listen to it!  By the way!  Alpha Beta was a chain of grocery  stores that used to be here in the Sacramento area. If you ever get a  chance to hear this band live, DO!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I loved the first savage garden cd and this one is even better. Crash and Burn is the sweetest song and Two Beds and a Coffee Machine is soooooo sad. This is a definate must-buy for any savage garden fan!
0792151712|4.0|Is there a way that you can make a film bigger than its intended subject? Yes and &quot;Titanic&quot; is proof! I agree &quot;Titanic&quot; is a touching film, but I don't believe it is so very &quot;moving&quot; as it  has been coined; it is too racked in sentamentaliy to have that effect.  Underneath, it is an extremely well made film, Cameron's attention to  detail is astounding; the special effects, the score, even the lighting  were truly magnificent! At the films heart though, it is a dramatic piece,  and judging by the standard by which you judge them, it isnt great. The  realtionship between the two main characters never seems fully relized, and  the film is so focused on these two that the other personal tragedies never  really come to light. All in all it is a good film but it is certainly not  one of the best.
B000002G87|5.0|Wow.  Unbelievable fret work.<br />Clapton at his pinnacle.  <br />A must have for any r'n'r collection.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the first movie in its genre. It's like nothing you have seen before. The script is brilliant and the visuals are incomparable. The DVD is a must.
B000001ESF|5.0|2112 is possibly one of the most unique works in rock music.  Based on &quot;Anthem&quot; by Ayn Rand, it tells a story in series of songs - many of which also stand well on their own.  The music and lyrics combine to  provide an almost tangilble setting that lets you get caught up in the  events.  There are several unrelated song on the album as well, which are  also quite good.  This is probably the one CD I have that, if I were broke  and had to sell my collection, I would hang on to.
0380778556|5.0|I picked this book up when I was in high school on a visit to my uncle's...and I couldn't put it down.  I was captivated as I followed the uncertain steps of a young girl swept off her feet by a rich older man,  then thrust into the overwhelming position of lady of the manor, a position  previously held by a beautiful, confident woman that everyone seemed to  adore.  Everything was not as it first appeared, however, and the new bride  had many shocking and horrifying surprises in store for her.  &quot;Rebecca&quot; was a gripping tale that fascinated Alfred Hitchcock,  and he chose this story to bring to the big screen.  But even the Master of  Suspense, in my opinion, could not do justice to this epic  romance/mystery/thriller as written by Du Maurier. One of the most  memorable books I have ever read.
1891252089|5.0|David Swenson's Practice Manual is a wonderful contribution to Ashtanga Yoga. The numerous modifications, the tips on difficult asanas, and the well-thoughtout commentary on jump backs and jump throughs is outstanding.  The photographs support and illustrate the information. This book is a  must-have for all Ashtanga students and teachers.
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena McKennitt is one of my favorite artists.  &quot;The Book of Secrets&quot; is a wonderful variety of sounds from the haunting strains of &quot;Prologue&quot; to the irresistibly rhythmic &quot;Marco Polo.&quot;   All of the tracks are well-constructed musically, and the Middle Eastern  influence gives her Celtic-inspired music a special flair.  I particularly  enjoyed &quot;The Mummers' Dance&quot; and the heartbreaking story of the  wandering monk set to the soul-deep music of &quot;Skellig.&quot;   &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot; is such a beautiful piece; the first time I  heard it, it moved me to tears.  <br />If you are trying to decide whether or  not you want to add this CD to your collection, let me say in no uncertain  terms that you should do so immediately.  You will not be sorry.  It is a  brilliant effort by McKennitt, worth every penny and then some.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion never ceases to amaze me.  Her singing voice is the best in the business.  This album of greatest hits and more is a showcase of that amazing voice and talent.  For those of you who missed out on all those  great songs of Celine, buy this album.  They are beautiful.  I would have  liked to see a track from her first English language album Unison like  Where Does My Heart Beat Now, but still a great record.  I specifically  bought this album for the new tracks.  Without exception, they are great.  That's the Way it Is is a great uptempo song with an inspirational message.  If Walls Could Talk written by Robert John &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange is a  unique song unlike Celine has ever sung.  Shania Twain even does some back  up here.  (Mutt's wife)  The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face is a remake of  a Roberta Flack classic that I first heard on Celine's tv special last  year.  I was so pleased she put it on the album.  It's a soft, sweet  ballad.  All the Way is the best of the new songs.  It is her duet with  Frank Sinatra.  You should buy this album solely for that beautiful song.  It is amazing.  Then You Look at Me is a great power ballad written by My  Heart Will Go On writers Will Jennings and James Horner.  It has epic  qualities like it belongs on the soundtrack for a movie.  I Want You to  Need Me is another power ballad written by the world's greatest ballad  writer, Diane Warren.  This should see radio play.  Live is a great  farewell song from Celine to the world.  Celine will be taking a long break  soon and will be dearly missed.  But she'll be back. We await your return.
0780626494|5.0|This movie gets better and better the more times you see it!I highly recommend it!Well acted with believable characters.
6304359217|5.0|this movie is not only increadibly funny, but it's imaginative to. you can tell it wasn't just whipped up in some board room in a big corporate office. i can't think of enough great things to say!
630463949X|5.0|The sound is great no matter what anyone says!  I have this on all formats.  Even the VHS sounds amazing!  And even if you don't think the sound is that great, you would forget about it seconds into the first song!   The back drop is amazing!  When you hear their voices all together and  them whaling on their instruments you realize that Fleetwood Mac is  probably the best sounding band ever!   Even if you weren't a Fleetwood Mac  fan you would like this concert just for the talent of these musicians.   Don't hesitate to buy it for one minute, you won't be disapointed I  promise!
B000002B35|5.0|I saw this new concert, Pulse, on the TV. I recorded it because it was so special. The atmosphere in Earls Court, London was amazing. The laser show was superb. I'd love to have been there. It cost millions. Well, a VHS  video does no justice to a the worlds most largest laser show ever, so I  got the double CD. This is quite recent, only a few years ago, and includes  Pink Floyd's best songs. I personally like Another Brick In The Wall Part  2. They did that very well, with a different start, which sounds great. The  CD packaging is the fanciest I've ver seen, with a flashing LED and a  lovely looking picture on the front. Inside, a cardboard insert, and a  thick, high quality inlay showing a glimpse of the fantastic image sof the  concert, which is as good as the sound, and that means it's pretty good. I  thoroughly reccomend this, especially if you have few albums but you want a  'best off' with a live concert difference. And believe me, when Pink Floyd  do concerts, they certainly do them well!
B000007T1M|5.0|system of a down, when u think of soad u think of the many tones of serj's voice screaming and sobering. soad's first cd is incredible. the first track blows u away!  then 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9, etc. some softer than others  but NOT a cd to fall asleepp too.
B0000084J7|5.0|Hushed, intense meditative music which, to my mind, is quite unlike anything else.  An album that finishes all too soon and leaves you with the horrible realisation that, until Mark makes another, there is no-where else  to go!  Utterly utterly beautiful - buy it!
B000002U9L|5.0|I love this cd to death!   Some of my favorite tracks are #1,3,7, and the last one Underground.  We have all seen the movie and heard the music.  If not then I highly suggest watching it.  The music in my opinion takes me to  another world of joy and excitement.  Listen to some of the examples and  try to imagine being somewhere else.  That should help you decide that it  is a great cd and a must for every music collection.  David Bowie and  Trevor Jones did a wonderful job with it.  Two thumbs up or 5 Stars and a  half.
B000023VR6|5.0|With &quot;2001&quot;, Dre truly ups the ante for hip-hop producers. Every track just reverberates with sonic genius. All the guests are on point (esp. Snoop, Eminem &amp; Xzibit!) and there's a true air of  experimentation to the whole thing. Next to Ice-T's bangin' &quot;7th  Deadly Sin&quot;, this could be a contender for year's best. (ps. Can't  wait to hear the Ice-T/Dre tracks that are said to be finished! ) Rock  on Dre. . .
6305169187|5.0|Armageddon is a great movie! It has awesome special effects, and a cool story-line. For the most part it is believable. I would get it if I were you.
B0000025BL|5.0|I was glad to see others love this album. It has stood the test of time and multiple listenings, and it's always on my desert-island list (which I reexamine every year or so). Tired of 'Paradise by the Dashboard Light'?  Listen to 'Bat Out of Hell' again -- and again -- and again.
B00000DFTH|5.0|This is THE ULTIMATE Sabbath cd. Ozzy is amazing. So he swares a lot, but so what. He always swares . Ozzy, Tony, Geezer, &amp; Bill is when it's best. I'm getting high when I'm listening to it. The band was also high,  when recording this, not because of drugs, but because they belong on a  stage, kickin' a**. BUY IT, IF YOU ARE A METAL FAN, YOU WON'T REGRET IT.
0805062971|2.0|For the first (and hopefully last) time I have to say &quot;I liked the  movie better than the novel&quot;.  The movie was more clever, and the  actors made the dialog pop.<br />I wonder about those reviewers who said the  book was &quot;revolutionary&quot;, &quot;thought provoking&quot;, and  &quot;new&quot;.  I direct their attention to any Nihilist scribblings of  the last century.<br />Fight Club offers no new insite into human nature, mob  mentality, or philosophy/psychology;  those that have some self-proclaimed  epiphany after reading this book need to get a life and expand their  reading horizons.<br />At it's best, Fight Club, is scathingly funny, dark and  morbid.  At it's worst, it's highly over rated by chest-beating  testosterone-driven man-children.
0684867621|5.0|I am no fan of baseball, and I don't even know what a&quot;closer&quot; is.  But I do know little girls (having been oneeons ago) and Tricia was the most real little girl I've read about in a very long time.  This is King's genius -- getting into the minds of kids and knowing all the funny little alleys down which their thoughts travel.  How on earth does he do this SO WELL?  For those who complain this book isn't scary, I agree.  It's simply not a horror novel.  It's a story of faith and optimism and the incredible strength of the human spirit.  I still don't much care for baseball.  But he's made me a believer in the sub-audible.
B000002MY3|5.0|Contrary to popular belief, &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; isn't Alanis Morissette's first album; there was an MCA Canada release entitled &quot;Alanis&quot; (MCA MCBBD 10253, 1991) that she'd probably rather  forget about.<br />I spent the entire summer of 1995 chair-dancing to  &quot;You oughta Know&quot;, and hailed taxis with &quot;One Hand in My  Pocket&quot; playing in my head (&quot;... I've got one hand in my pocket,  and the other one's hailing a taxi cab...&quot;).<br />The third album,  &quot;Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie&quot;, is uneven and too long, but  still contains some diamonds-in-the-rough: &quot;Thank U&quot; harkens back  to the self-analytical lyrics of Jagged Little Pill's &quot;You  Learn&quot;.<br />Jagged Little Pill reveals an artist who should be providing  great songs for years to come.
B000000OSE|5.0|If you like other G N' R then this is the album to buy.  Check out November Rain if you havent heard it before.
0060977493|5.0|One of the best books i have evr read. its beautiful, innovative and  truely UNPUTDOWNABLE,  its written straight from the heart. the language  used is beautiful. it more than deserves the booker. i also recommend  reading her essay on india's nuclear issue - &quot;The end of  imagination&quot;.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|This is an excellent album that will surprise you with all the knew and  old sounds.  Mic Check is a tight song with a slow but cool melody and  tune, while songs like Guerrilla Radio will blow you away. Rage has had  better albums but i would still strongly suggest that you buy this album.  Help support Rage and all the bands like them.
0684857820|5.0|El libro de Alice Sebold es impresionante, porque es doloroso y  apasionado. No es el placer del dolor ajeno, sino el dolor compartido y la  pasion de seguir la lucha de una mujer por recuperar su sentido de la  dignidad personal. Su estilo es a la vez periodistico y narrativo, sencillo  y cercano a quienes leen. Su relato arrastra, conmueve y golpea algunas  ideas que parecen tranquilas. Creo que cualquier ser humano debe leerlo.
B0000214F2|5.0|I think this movie is great. It is very funny and has a good story. I reccomend this video to any one who is looking for a great comedy/drama movie.
6302824613|5.0|If you are a serious Bond-fan,you are supposed to hate this film,as you are supposed to love Goldfinger.Well,I am definitley a serious Bond-fan,and I love this film.Enjoy!
B000023VR6|5.0|ESTE CD ES UNO DE LOS MEJORES DE RAP, DR.DRE ES UNO DE LOS MEJORES  RAPEROS, TODAS LAS CANCIONES SON BUENAS, HAY QUE DARLE PALO COMO UN  HIJUEPUTA!
B000009VOL|5.0|To describe it is wrong.  You have to feel it, be in the right mood for it.  I don't think it's perfect, only because I believe she can do better!  It might be a little sad, but so am I.  I love this and &quot;What would  the comunity think?&quot;
B00002MZ4W|5.0|'When the Pawn' is an excellent follow up to 'Tidal',  Fiona Apple's debut that put her on the maps.  I would have to say that this is a more consistently solid effort, with a more matured, developed sound and  quality.  I could recommend this to anyone who is a fan of music, period.   If you liked Tidal, you will like 'When the Pawn' even more.
6305311463|1.0|I was looking at the list of other movies under 'Criterion collection' and I am uterly baffled by this movie's presence on this list.  It is nearly as hard to pick one's least favorite movie of all time as it is to pick the  best, but this movie is definitely in the running.  I like action movies,  but 'action' doesn't mean you need to forget things like plot, character  development, etc.  I guess this genre has just run out of steam.  I think  of Die Hard, Aliens, Terminator and realize, while flawed, they had strong  plots and characters.  That made the difference.  Armaggedon makes me feel  stupid for renting it.  This, like the last Batman flick, just throws FX at  us and hopes that we will throw down our money to see the same tired ideas  over and over.  The scene where Affleck sings to Tyler is almost too  painful to watch.  There are some talented actors here which enticed me to  see it, so it was disheartening to watch them phone in their performances  for a paycheck.  Maybe the script didn't give them much to work with.   Movies like The Matrix are successful not only because of the FX but also  because there is a story there that is different and thought-provoking.   Sadly there is little that is thought-provoking about Armageddon.
B00000IPAX|3.0|I just recently got this CD. I am a pre-teen girl and this cd rocks. The inside cover has some humor. I only knew 2 songs but after lisiting to this cd i knew them all. I don't think they should have all the swears in it but  I didn't mind it. If you have any questions please e-mail me.
B000002U82|5.0|possibly floyds masterpiece, dark side of the moon is a recording which  provides such clarity of vision, that it is hard, if not impossible, to  disclude it from any discussion regarding the direction of music this  century. generations of fans lie scattered across the globe breathing  testiment to the influence of this work. quite simply the album to own. if  you do not own a copy i suggest you should. if you do, and especially if  you have it on vinyl, take it out, dust it off, sit back and enjoy.
B0000026WD|5.0|this album the first without the great quincy jones is still tight.in the closet,remember the time,why you wanna trip on me,who is it.michael and teddy riley hit it off real well on the new jack swing cuts.this disc is  way underrated it still sounds great.can't wait for the king of pop's new  one.
6303398480|4.0|I liked the movie, and the concept, but some parts were just... it probably would have been better if they had used Richard Dean Anderson, Michael Shanks, (the cast of the series Stargate SG-1) etc.  Anyway, I  liked the movie, though it could have been better.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple expresses so many raging emotions in the wonderful new album. Her emotions range far beyond the average 20 year old. My favorite is a song called &quot;Love Ridden.&quot; It poetically simplifies the process  of breaking up. But every song here is a fantastic one, so choose for your  self.
B000031XCR|5.0|Simply Excellent! I thought that her French CD from this summer was great, and then she releases something that even surpases my standards. Her uptempo release of That's The Way It Is gives her a change of musical pace,  and her other new release, Then You Look At Me (which is from the  soundtrack for Bicentennial Man), makes My Heart Will Go On, look quite  tame. A welcome addition for any musical collection.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|After many listenings to the record I must say it's great! The Animal Song, their first singel is still great. I Knew I Loved You is weaker. I also don't like Two Beds And... and I Don't Know You Anymore. They're too  slow.<br />THE BEST: You Can Still Be Free and Gunning Down The Romance.  Especially &quot;You Can Still Be Free&quot;, which is among the best songs  I've ever heard.<br />Affirmation, Crash And Burn, Hold Me, The Best Thing,  Chained To You and The Best Thing is also great songs and they can all be  big hits!
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a very cool movie, but not necessarily something I would want to see too many times. However, all the extra features in this DVD are very cool. It really adds to the life of the movie. It defintaley makes this DVD  worth it.
B00000J7J4|3.0|Don't decide at first listening. Let this CD grow on you.  The horns, the vocals, the unparalleled guitar of C.Santana.  Very good listening, and somewhat of a flashback to his performances in the wild '80s.
0451169514|2.0|This is the best book i have ever read in my life im only 13 years old but this is the book to buy.I have read this book twice and i would read it again if i get it back from my friend.This book is so realistic when it comes to childhood,I wish this book went on forever but unfortunately it  can't.The begginig may be slow but it really picks up and when it does you  can't put the book down and you are always thinking.I liked the parts when  they were children and they are digging an underground fort.Near the end it  gets really spooky,the way stephen king describes the town how it is empty  and all 7 kids know this is when they need to put an end to the horror that  lies beneath.It is sad near the end when they all start forgetting about  each other and you start growing attached to the characters that you don't  want to let go.This book is the best thing to ever happen to me.It is  depressing to finish because that ends all the joy and fear and  surprise.You must read this book i know 1,000 pages is alot but you will  understand why childhood is so important.
B000002MIF|5.0|...if you`re just discovering The Smiths. Love! Lust! Passion! It`s all here. &quot;A boy in the bush is worth two in the hand / I think I could help you get through your exams!&quot;
B00000ILDE|5.0|This is one of the first DVDs I purchased when I got my player.  And the ALIENS DVD is a great example of high-quality work. <br />The ALIENS menus are great: Point-of-View video shots as if you're exploring the colony.  The  Behind The Scenes footage is incredible. I am particularly fond of a  video-taped test of the Queen done with a hilarious tech assistant  &quot;standing in&quot; for Sigourney Weaver.<br />I found the transfer of the  movie well done.  The quality is high here.  I have no quibbles with  &quot;The Director's Cut&quot;.  Although it may have been too long for  audiences to sit through in the 80's, length has nothing to do with  quality.  I find the new cut to be better.  It fleshes out an already  well-written &quot;action&quot; movie.  Seriously, where else will you find  such a well-written female character in an action film ?  The new scenes  only add to her development.<br />Definitely recommended!
6305358613|3.0|Whether or not you should buy this depends on what you want from a movie.  If you want romance and good costuming, this is the movie for you.  <br />If you want historical accuracy, this movie has flaws.  For example, the Earl  was approximately 25-35 years younger than was Queen Elizabeth in real  life.  <br />On the good side, there was some historical truth in this movie,  and it is worth watching.
6305075492|4.0|I'd seen pictures from this film for years.  Whenever people would talk about &quot;German Expressionism&quot; it seems like stills from this film would follow.  I took a risk and ordered it and got a great surprise!<br />First of all, this film is crafted incredibly well considering the year  (1919 I think ...) it was made.  The story telling is great.  You can see  cinematic tricks that modern filmmakers have aped (*see BRAM STOKER'S  DRACULA by Coppolla.  It's full of &quot;silent movie&quot;  techniques).<br />This DVD features &quot;tinted&quot; scenes.  There is a  horrible line across the top of the film that the DVD &quot;editors&quot;  chose to keep for this edition instead of cropping it out.  ** All the more  reason for FILM PRESERVATION!  There's a great commentary audio track.  I  think they've done an incredible job with the technical aspects of the  presentation.
630460291X|4.0|Very good telling of an old story.  Take away the bad acting on the part of the Sheriff, the other actors performed with great sincerity and passion.  Especially good was the Lady Miriam.  <br />The only drawback to  this movie was the Sheriff, who seemed to be little better than a clown.   Morgan Freeman fit in quite well.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I realize comparing Fiona and Tori was trouble, and thank you for pointing  it out for me. I was the one who compared them, and it is something not to  be done. They both have produced awesome albums and even though i do love  Tori more, Fiona is a breath of fresh air sometimes. Tori's cryptic lyrics  can be tiresome, and Fiona's more straightforward approach is refreshing.          Bottom line- love them both, for different reasons. Oh yeah, &quot;I  know&quot; is a great song!!!
6303212263|3.0|An incredible film of epic proportions Richard Donner makes a stand for good old fashionioned beginning middle and end As opposed to flashback he tells the story from start to finish The helicopter scene from start to end  is the greatest piece  of superhero motion ever recorded The way the music  builds up the clever use of crowds and cutting and the excitment of  catching lois only to have a helicopter fall towards them ] Genius Genius  Genius  The whole movie is worth watching for that sequence alone
0553573403|5.0|I thought this book was absolutely fantastic. I have read fantasy novels for yesars and this is the one I ve been waiting for . Nothing happens how you expect it to, (which is the problem with most fantasy novels). There is  a wealth of characters to keep you on your toes and utterly engrossed. Id  recommend this to everyone who ever wondered about life adn I know Im going  to fail my University degree because I just cant put it down!
0312867123|2.0|There sure was fiction. But where was the science? I found I was very impatient with the story because it was all uninteresting aftermath, uninteresting chracters, and uninterestingly presented.  You'll find  yourself skimmming through this book. Skip it.
B000000WZ4|5.0|L'atmosphre de cet album, tantt morbide, tantt enjoue est absoluement envoutante. La participation de musiciens extrieurs (batteur, percutionniste, bassiste, guitaristes, plus toute une section de cordes sur  Home), pour la premire fois dans l'histoire du groupe, donne au disque une  coloration beaucoup plus humaine qu' l'accoutume. Alors que certains  croyaient D.M. fini aprs le trs prouvant Devotional Tour, ils ont  surpris les critiques et leurs millions de fans en nous offrant ce qui  restera sans doute comme leur meilleur album de tous les temps, l'oeuvre du  groupe. Un chef d'oeuvre qu'on doit tant aux talents de compositeur de  Martin Gore qu' la voix (retrouve!) de Dave Gahan. Enjoy Depeche Mode !
6301008960|5.0|My family and I have enjoyed this movie over and over again. It crosses the generational line.  We all loved it. Please re-release it.  My daughter would love it for Christmas!
B000002KHB|4.0|Machine Head is considered by many pundits to be far and away the best album the band ever did. It of course rides the coattails of the two most well-know Deep Purple tracks, &quot;Smoke on the Water&quot; and  &quot;Highway Star&quot;. &quot;Star&quot; isn't nearly as good as  &quot;Speed King&quot;, &quot;Fireball&quot;, or &quot;Burn&quot; which  open other vintage Purple albums, and I could easily list at least a dozen  Purple songs from this lineup that I prefer to the universally-known  &quot;Smoke&quot;. Nonetheless, it is a classic album as everyone says.  Serving well in a supporting role to the more recognized tunes are such  minor classics as &quot;Pictures of Home&quot;, &quot;Never Before&quot;,  and &quot;Lazy.&quot; And, oh yeah, the best song on the album, hands down,  no holds barred, is the jamming &quot;Space Truckin'&quot;
0425156842|5.0|Gaarder does a great job of introducing philosphy to somebody not aquainted with it.  It is a must for anybody interested in philosophy, to get a basic gest of it's origins and development.  The most powerful trait  of the book is that it is written in a novel form, so you are kept at the  edge of your seat during the entire story, and simultaneaously learning the  history of philosophy.  Gaarder uses the events of the story line as  examples to help you understand the philosophy he is explaining.  This book  is everything else but dry reading.
B000005RTG|3.0|David Coverdale's third and last Deep Purple studio album also featured Tommy Bolin's introduction to the band, replacing the seemingly irreplaceable Ritchie Blackmore. This album seems to be a totally mediocre  effort, that is until one gets to the last two songs, &quot;This Time  Around&quot; and &quot;You Keep on Moving&quot; are both excellent numbers  that redeem this one and help it hold its own in the impressive Purple  catalog of the seventies.
630289915X|5.0|To those that somehow managed to slip in less than 5-star comments -- I feel sorry for you and your apparent pessimistic beliefs about life; to be so blind must be hell. This film portrays heaven on earth - period.
B00003000M|5.0|I've been waiting for this album to come out for over a year, how can you pass up a CD held together by Bob Marley and featuring Lauren Hill, Erykah Badu, and the Roots?  I'm glad I wasn't  disappointed. The Marley brothers  did an incredible job putting this together. &quot;Johnny Was&quot; is  magnificent; Guru and the rest of the track blend in seemlessly.  The vocal  gem of the album is Lauryn Hill's &quot;Turn Your Lights Down Low&quot;.  Her voice is simply beautiful. &quot;Rebel Music&quot; is mesmerizingly  mellow.  &quot;Kinky Reggae&quot; and &quot;Concrete Jungle&quot; also  sound great. The only part that was merely good instead of excellent is  Steven Tyler and Joe Perry's rendition of &quot;Roots, Rock, Reggae&quot;.  I appreciate that they were trying to show their respect. However, they  should know better than trying to sing lyrics that Bob sang better decades  ago and should have sung this time. Tyler's vocals are too overblown and  the style doesn't fit with the other artists, all from hip-hop backgrounds.  Despite that, this album deserves more attention than it has gotten so far.  Anyone who enjoys reggae or hip-hop would probably be very happy if they  picked this up.
630398021X|5.0|Despite what a lot of critics have said about it, Strange Days ranks as one of my favorite films, simply for the immersive, anarchistic feel and the brief glimpse of what our future could look like.  It perhaps might be  more of a cult film than could be enjoyed by the mainstream audience, but  if you're looking for an involving, gritty, not-so-futuristic action flick,  check this out.  Ralph Fiennes convinces, though Juliette Lewis could've  been better.  Tom Sizemore, however, is my quiet favorite in his role as  Lenny's (Fiennes) pal.  There's enough action to keep the plot interesting,  and it's always fun the first time around to decide who's doing what.
B00000K31V|1.0|This movie doesn't deserve ONE star. I haven't seen anything this stupid in a long time. The movie has been compared to The Matrix and The 13th Floor.  The Matrix was excellent and The 13th Floor at least had a decent  storyline. Maybe I can auction my DVD on ebay or use it as a coaster.
B000023VR6|2.0|Having been a big fan of the original Chronic, this album sort of disappointed me. It may be that is has not grown on me yet. However, the first album just jumped out at me as a classic. I admit that I may just be  prejudice toward the first album thus not giving this one a fair review.  But in the times I have listened to it, I just do not feel it yet.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|As soon as this wounderful CD went into stores I knew I had to get it.  I had been waiting for it since 'The Animal Song' came out.  I knew once I heard that song, that every other one would be great too.  'I knew I loved  you' is one of the best writen songs I have ever heard, and there are many  other songs on the CD that are simply breathtaking.  Savage Garden has  really outdone their last CD, and I didnt think it could ever be done.  If  you dont already have the CD, go out and guy it now.  Trust me it wont be  something you will regret!
B00000JCOV|4.0|When it comes to the weak Korn sound being used by a LOT of bands today (Hed(pe), Staind, Kid Rock, Limp Bizkit..etc) Slipknot is the only band of them all to actually make some decent music from the rapmetal idea. However  i have no doubts at all this will be their only good album, second album  (if they have one) will most likely suck but hell, one good album is better  then none
B00000JCB2|5.0|THIS CD IS AWESOME!   I LOVE ALL THE SONGS ESPECIALLY &quot;SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT&quot; THE SONGS ALL HAVE A DIFFERENT STYLE.  GO OUT AND BUY THIS CD NOW! YOU WILL LOVE IT!
6305388458|5.0|The Life of Brian DVD is a veritable treasure trove of extra features which make this worth buying even if you already have the videotape.  Five deleted scenes with commentary (admittedly poor quality, as they were  rescued from a working tape), a Python documentary, and two audio  commentary tracks can keep you busy for days.  One comment on one of the  tracks during Graham Chapman's &quot;full monty&quot; scene is worth the  price of the DVD.  You'll be yelling &quot;Props!&quot; for years  afterwards ...
6304711875|4.0|I finally decided to watch Scream after reading all the reviews.  A lot of people slagged it, saying it had no plot, and that Dawn of the Living Dead was an example of a true horror movie. I would say the Dead series are  examples of true gore movies.  Scream is not suspenseful as I would like,  that I will admit.  But the way they drew out typical slasher movie  scenarios and re-enacted them their way was humorous and sort of a thriller  at times, wondering who the killer was and who would be next. The ending  was good.  For the reviewers who said Scream copied other horror movies,  that was kind of the point, or did you not pay attention to the movie?  Scream is no Halloween (what movie is), but its a cut above most Halloween  Sequels, Friday the 13th (all), and overall a fun way to burn some spare  time.
0385484518|5.0|Having lost a friend to cancer over the summer who was also my son's  teacher, this book was absolutely delightful and inspirational. I enjoyed  Albom's honest in reaction to what he witnessed. There is a lot of wisdom  in what Professor Schwartz had to say. Thanks Mitch for the great book and  thanks Coach for the lessons!
B00001QGPR|5.0|David is getting older, as I am too.  This wonderful album reflects back  on his life.  As David matures in his songwriting skills, his musical  complexity is light years from Ziggy Stardust.  Reeves Gabrel's guitar is  awesome and these two make such a team!<br />This CD seems to reflect a human  side of David that I feel many can relate to.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This was the best movie of 1999 by far, and it's the only reason I bought a DVD player.  If I spent $320 just to see this movie, the least you could do is rent it.
B00000K2SE|5.0|This movie is good on so many levels that it cannot be fully described in less than 1000 words.  Of course, I will try. Cinematography- The special effects in this movie are like none ever before seen. Aspects such as  perspective and shot angle are also masterfully done. Story- fast-paced and  engrossing The authors manage to provide a sci-fi explanation for virtually  every major trend in religious thought, as well as many popular  superstitions and definite allusions to Jungian psychological theory.  acting- Although Reeves does occasionally add a little cheese to the story,  even he can't manage to screw this up. Overall, excellent performances were  turned in by the entire cast.
B00000J7JO|1.0|I am firmly convinced that if all students from the first grade (even kindergarten) through their last year in             college were exposed to simple ear training exercises that allowed them the opportunity to  identify what             they were hearing on the radio, TV, CDs, jazz,  opera, orchestra, chorus, band, etc..our music scene in             general  would be much different! If simple ear training exercises, coupled with  simple music theory, were             carried out in public school, the  public would demand music of much higher calibre than they are presently              consuming. Why would they demand better music? Because they would  HEAR that the music they are             being fed is too repititious,  trite, banal to warrant our attention, much less our money on the sales of              records or concert attendance. The average person today doesn't  want to think about music, they just want             to enjoy it. They  usually will settle for the same thing day after day. They feel life is too  difficult to have to             think about the music they are listening  to. Hence the gap between the performer and the listener in the              world today.
B00000ADG2|3.0|Just to let everyone know, Lauren Hill reportly said that if she knew so many &quot;white people&quot; were going to listen to this album, she would have never made it.................................. OOOOOOOkay, Miss born  again Christian, practice what u preach.<br />It is a shame if this is true  coz i would still like to listen to this album occasionally but at the same  token, I don't want to support someone with a forked tongue.<br />The reason i  gave it 3 stars are:<br />one star for lost onez<br />one star for zion<br />one  star for can't keep my eyes off of u<br />THE REST OF YOUR ALBUM STANK  GIRL!
B000002UAO|5.0|For a new relationship - this is a wonderful gift.  When I was in high school, this album was realeased and we loved to slow dance to it, snuggling closer when our favorite cut was played.
B000031XCR|5.0|i very much enjoy listening to ms dion.  her songs are amazing.  she also seems to be a very nice person.  she will be missed but deserves this time off.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Supernatural was a very deep and touching album to me. I have never really listened to Santana, but I really liked this album. I like how he sort of combined his old style with the styles of today.His song with Everlast was  one of the best that I have ever heard. I like the story behind it as well  as the song itself. I praise Everlast for giving up that song and  performing it with Santana. Dave Matthews, Eric Clapton, and Rob Thomas  were also very good, but overall I think that I like &quot;Put Your Lights  On&quot; the best. Overall I say that &quot;Supernatural&quot; is the best  album of 99 . It's blend of all different styles of music will make it a  hard album ever to top.
B000003489|5.0|One of Coltrane's rebirth albums that opened an entirely new and fresh  world for exploration. Trane shook the critical world with his vertical  &quot;sheets of sound.&quot; Today Giant Steps is a sort of rite of passage  for jazz musicians, and nearly all of these pieces have become a standard  part of the modern jazz musician's book. An introduction to some of the  harmonic innovations and new eloquence defined by Coltrane.
B000002NJS|3.0|Why do so many people like this album?  Is it a testimant of how shallow and robotic of a soceity we are becoming?  There are some memorable songs on here however, frozen, nothing really matters ...... ummm, can't think of any others, oh yeah sky fits heaven is kewl.<br />Madonna's best  albums in my oppinion were here dance oriented, less self indulgant albums,  erotica and bedtime story.  Old skool still rulez! So all u robots out  there take notice!
B000002AS3|5.0|Definitely Mabye is one of the most influential albums of the 90s. Filling the void that had existed in British music, Oasis crashed onto the scene and inspired a whole generation of indie groups. For a debut album, there  are few bands who have produced such quality.
0780624890|5.0|Blade was an great movie and the best comic book to movie transformation ever.  It has a great plot and endless action.  Overall, great movie.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I am quite impressed with her new works.  I didn't care much for her previous songs but this album grabbed me (especially &quot;Fast As You Can&quot; and &quot;Get Gone&quot;).  She shows a great deal of maturity in  her vocals, not only in just her words but in the way she delivers them.   The music itself is quite complex and intricate and rather sultry.  Overall  I was impressed and have listened to the CD over and over again since in my  possession.  A great find!
B000005H40|5.0|An awesome ensemble of the hardest boppers at their peak together playing  Coltrane's most outstanding, now classic, early compositions.This is one of  the Coltrane masterpieces and his single greatest recording of this period.  Beginning to end, nothing short of stunning brilliance from all of the  soloists.
6302686466|5.0|I don't care what anyone says -- this movie is totally awesome! It's not just because of all the sex though, even though the sex makes it even better! Sharon is at the top of her game -- she is a great actress and I  totally love her! Basic Instinct is full of mystery and suspense, and it's  impossible to get bored at any point. Also, nobody plays burned out  slime-balls as good as Michael Douglas, and his sex scenes with Sharon are  so good and realistic. If you haven't already, you've GOT to see this  movie!
B000002BFZ|5.0|'No Code' is a superb album.'Sometimes' leads you in and before you know it, 'Around the Bend' ends your journey into the abyss.  Every song on this album just shows you how experimental this band really is.  'Smile' for  example is a great bluesy tune with Ed on the harmonica, what a treat!   'Present Tense' just unfolds into a classic song.  'Who You Are' has a  appealing beat to it.  'In My Tree' grows high and higher.  The photo  inserts are a nice added feature too, with some of the lyrics printed on  the backs of the photos.  Pearl Jam never ceases to amaze me, this band can  Jam!  Hail, Hail to a great great Band!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This one of the best cds in my collection.  I have near sixty.  My  favorite song is Crash and Burn.  You can tell the strongest feelings and  pain he put into these lyrics by the emotion that Darren conveys in his  voice with each song.  This is truly a great cd.
B000002ADT|5.0|If you don't already have it, get it. One of the greatest groups and most  influential recordings of all time. Is there a single jazz musician who  can't sing the opening lines of Miles' solo on both Freddie the Freeloader  and So What? The contrasting approaches of the different musicians' playing  unify to create a cool, pensive and totally modern sound that changed jazz  forever.  Cannonball Adderley, Paul Chambers, Jamess Cobb, John Coltrane,  Bill Evans, Wynton Kelly
B00000IQW0|5.0|I remember watching &quot;Battlestar Galactica&quot; fondly when I was a kid.  I still liked the movie after all these years.  Some of the aspects of this movie may not excite children of today who are accustomed to CGI  effects.  The battle scenes, in particular, seem monotonous compared to  newer projects that are able to have more exciting POV's.  However, I think  Lorne Greene and the other actors are great.  I would buy other Battlestar  Galactica DVDs as they come available.
B000002AZ8|5.0|'Vitalogy' is Pearl Jam's third album and most eclectic to date.  The songs Last Exit, Corduroy, Indifference, Tremor Christ all speak out for each other.  The booklet is great, with the handwritten and typed lyric  pages added.  'Spin the black circle' rocks and is a  great tribute to  vinyl records.  'Bugs' is a filler that is unique, Ed's voice can make you  listen to this tune without skipping over it.  All the songs are an  integral part of this album.  Pearl Jam is a creative band and all their  musical output is awesome.  I recommend this album and all their other  albums too.
B000001FN1|5.0|Doro Pesch is one of the most underrated female rock singers of all time. Lita Ford always gets all the credit in the &quot;metal chick singer&quot; category but that's because not enough people have heard Doro's strong,  powerful voice. This album rocks from start to finish. There are no  skippers on this one. Doro can really wail, especially on &quot;Touch of  Evil&quot; and &quot;3 Minute Warning.&quot; The rhythmic bass crunch of  &quot;Metal Tango&quot; and awesome, rockin' chorus of &quot;I Rule the  Ruins&quot;  are other standouts. If you like heavy, shredding guitar riffs  with passionate vocals then add this album to your collection- it defines  heavy metal.
B000003TAW|5.0|This cd should get an ifinate amount of stars its so good. everybody can love this cd.  Dont bother sampling the songs, you dont want to waste time buy it so you can listen to the cd over and over again like me.  If its too load turn it down.  peace out my brotha
0446525537|4.0|It did not make me cry like The Notebook, and it I could not relate to it as well as Message in a Bottle, but this is a truly wonderful story about growing up, falling in love, and learning about yourself and others. It  also shows that love strong enough, can endure anything, even time. I  respect the work of this author, so it would have been very hard for me NOT  to love this book. Still, it is worth reading even if you are not a Sparks  fan.
B0000028UK|5.0|'Vs' is a phenomenal second album by Pearl Jam.  Indifference, Elderly Woman, Rearviewmirror are prime specimens of music at its finest moments in our time.  I listen to this Cd over and over and just remain amazed at how  many great hooks are interwoven throughout.  Pearl Jam just have what it  takes to be the great musicians that they are. They don't compare.
0679420266|5.0|Without going into the sundry possible interpretations of Camus' existentialist novel about a young French Algerian's struggle between repressing and coming to terms with his entire life, suffice it to say this  story will keep the reader riveted to the book until every single word is  read. This is what literature is all about.
0140283587|5.0|I started reading this book at 9PM. I finished at 1AM. I had school the next day.<br />The book is the first that, for me, has actually been 'unputdownable'. Dave the narrator is an excellent character reminiscent of  Blackadder in his sarcasm, which makes you identify and side wth him  through all of his troubles. The bitingly sarcastic, cynical edge he whole  thing has is superb, and the metamorphoses that the characters undergo  totally believable. The only thing I would criticize is the overly neat  coincidences, but other than them the book is flawless. Worth buying  whatever the cost. I have read this about five times in the past year.  Excellent novel.
B000002BYD|5.0|'Yield' is Pearl Jam's fifth album and it soars out over all five horizons.  The entire package is a great piece of art.  'Do the Evolution' is the funkiest tune, so 70's with 90's rock beat.  'MFC' is one of Ed's  favorite tunes too.  Wishlist is a catchy little ditty, nice and  sweet.'Given to Fly' is a great ballad.  'Faithfull' rings nicely for those  who believe.  'In Hiding' has a great hook. The more I listen to this Cd  the more I really like it.  The band just keeps getting better with each  album in my opinion.
0553296981|5.0|This book is a good tool for introducing the Holocaust to today's youth.  I use it as required reading for a Holocaust unit in literature.  Students can identify with the relationship Anne shares with her family.  Common  themes in adolescent literature, such as self discovery and independence  are played out against the backdrop of World War II.  The Diary of Anne  Frank may be used in a cross-discipline study of World War II. Students are  urged to do journal writing as a natural extension to this unit.
B00000JCB2|1.0|I bought this album about a month ago. Know i cant stand to hear the name Limp Bizkit! They suck. Freds lyrics are the most babyish lyrics on the earth! I hate this cd so much i cracked it in half! Kid Rock is 100 times  better!
0887307280|5.0|This book is one I recommend to all of our clients and for many entrepreneurs they say they wished they had read it a long time ago.  Gerber has written a simple, plain English book that reads quickly and  carries a big punch.  As a business development consultant I consider it a  primer for businesses and organizations of all sizes.
B000003KLM|5.0|This has got to be one of my wife and I's favorites. This is the Meg Ryan I remember from my college days. Not the sappy sweet angel from &quot;you've got mail&quot; but the forcefull, erotic bad girl. Yet the  Love scenes were handled tastefully and yet you are left with no doubt what  happned. I rate the sexual tension in this one right up there with  &quot;the Big Easy&quot;. Oh and the overall plot is pretty good to.
6304316267|1.0|Yeah, right!<br />This film reeks.  A bunch of people decide to disregard all traffic laws, waste gasoline, and endanger innocent lives just to be the first of many to drive cross-country.  Hoo-Boy!  Now that's  entertainment!<br />I supose a bunch of guys juiced up on testosterone might  like this film, but that's about it.
0060273224|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this original book. Its story is different from most others. The heroine's travels into Death and the descriptions of the different magics within the Old Kingdom are fascinating and unique. I highly recommend this book, and I hope the author writes a sequel.
B000002C1X|5.0|On side 2 of THE WALL, Pink is now fully immersed in the wall he has constructed around himself. He begins to call for help, shouting HEY YOU! at everyone who passes by. When no one responds, he begins to wonder IS  THERE ANYBODY OUT THERE? When he realizes that no one is there to help him,  and when he comes to grips with his father's death, he becomes COMFORTABLY  NUMB in a world of heroin addiction (hence the two 'swollen hand'  references on side 2). Once he is immersed in drugs and has lost all hope,  he contemplates suicide, but realizes that he cannot take the easy way out,  and that THE SHOW MUST GO ON. The new, more fascist Pink then emerges. He  tells his audience that the old Pink &quot;isn't well, he stayed back at  the hotel.&quot; This new Pink is insistent that his fans be loyal to him,  and carry out his desires, as this is his only form of attention. When his  fans refuse to carry out acts of bigotry for him, he tells them they'd  better RUN LIKE HELL to escape his wrath. He soon realizes that he is a  fake, and begs everything and everyone to STOP! When his life comes into  full focus, he must endure THE TRIAL to see if he is responsible for his  fate, or if the fault lies with that likes of his schoolmaster, his mother,  or his wife. He is found guilty, and sentenced to be 'exposed before his  peers.' Once he realizes that all if the people who have been torturing him  all his life were really trying to help him all along, he manages to make  it OUTSIDE THE WALL. THE WALL is a brilliant album.
0440178002|5.0|I read this book over 20 years ago, and it still remains the most engaging novel I have ever read. Most folks won't pick up a novel this lengthy; I couldn't put it down, and actually did very little over the course of  several days other than read it.  The mini-series on television was good,  but it paled in comparison to the book.
B000002C1X|5.0|THE WALL is not only the greatest concept album in music, it is also the greatest Pink Floyd album behind WISH YOU WERE HERE. This is, as Genevieve stated, a single work, and not a collection of songs as it seems to be.  However, the story behind the album is amazing, and coherent. It starts off  with young Pink IN THE FLESH of his mother waiting to be born (notice the  heartbeats?). It then moves to his childhood, and his torturous school  years. Definitely not THE HAPPIEST DAYS OF OUR LIVES. Soon, he is being  dominated by an overbearing, far too affectionate MOTHER. He then develops  a bit of YOUNG LUST to defy his mother. Soon after, he is a full grown  married adult trying to fill THE EMPTY SPACES of boredom, until he realizes  that he is too far gone, and must say GOODBYE CRUEL WORLD. And that is only  side 1.
068484267X|1.0|This book has been so heavily hyped, I thought that it would sweep me off my feet.  What I got was hundreds of pages of mucus, vomit, stale food, and tuberculosis.  While these are a part of life, I don't photograph them and  hang them on my living room wall.
B000002KBA|4.0|Deep Purple, being a band who has always had their finger on the popular pulse, sensed in 1970 that psychadellia was out and heavy metal was in and adjusted their sound accordingly. This transition was accomplished so succesfully that this first album of the hard-rock Purple sounds little  like the bands first three art-rock albums full of classical fusion and  re-arranged Beatles covers. In Rock, while the material is not quite as  strong overall as later Purple albums of the seventies would be,  nonetheless contains two of the greatest songs the band ever did: the  opener &quot;Speed King&quot; which, living up to its title, threatens to  snap your neck every time you listen to it - this early example of speed  metal deserves all the accolades that the comparitively plodding  &quot;Highway Star&quot; of more renown fame from Machine Head gets. And  &quot;Child in Time&quot;, what more can be said about that? One of the  most mind-blowing songs ever written simply to listen to it exhausts both  body and soul. Those two magnificent songs alone are enough to forget the  negligable filler on this record. An instant classic.
0395925037|5.0|Having read this book several times, I must admit that it is certainly one or perhaps the greatest books of the 20th century.  As such, it comes as no surprise that its wide distribution rivaled that of the bible if not  surpassed it for a period.<br />While for many it may be difficult reading at  first, some thinking that there are constant repetitions or odd sometimes  mixed analogies, one needs only to realize that this type of artistic style  merely reflects the newspaper literature of the time in this area.   Obviously for the more fortunate, the original German version is the best  read.  Much is always lost in translation.<br />If one realizes that this book  was purchased by people all over the world at the time of its writing and  people found great interest in its content, it comes as no surprise that  this intense treatise is still of great interest to people all over the  world today.<br />This book written by the infamous Austrian author, Hitler,  is a must read for everyone.  Tis' nature, all will come out of this book  with varying reactions.  But I assume this is what the Austrian author had  in mind.  And he most certainly succeeded in this.
0920668372|5.0|This is an excellent book for any parent, especially a mother of a little (or grown) boy.  I keep several of the paperback copies on hand to give at baby showers for moms-to-be expecting a little boy.  This book will touch  your heart and showcase the special bond between a mother and child.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This album is a must for any music fan, whatever music you are into. I had not heard much about them until I heard what's my age again and I straight away came on amazon to check out the reviews and they were all good, so i  decided to buy and have not stopped listening to it since. The best song is  Adam's song, but also- don't leave me, all the small things and wendy clear  are brilliant songs too. This album is a must have!  YOU WON'T BE  DISAPOINTED.
B000002H97|2.0|This would be a great album, if it were done by one of the bands from the 'new' metal scene, but compared to Metallica's earlier standards, it sucks. The talent isn't there. Nothing Else Matters and My Friend of Misery are  probably the only good songs on there. I'm not a long time Met. fan, I got  the black album before one of their other's. But once I got Master of  Puppets, Ride the Lightning, and ...And Justice for All, I realized what  I've been missing out on. This album sucks....Load and ReLoad are pure  crap. Check out their earlier stuff.<br />Who wants to listen to a sell-out?
006017322X|5.0|&quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; is a brilliant classic.  Itportrays the views of Harper Lee, who didn't believe in racism. Bywriting this story, she was taking a stand in her own way. I loved the clarity of the book and how it kept me excited, especially during the case. The title itself is very clever, as is the phrase used in the book by Scout Finch.
B00000J7SS|5.0|WHile this is a trendsetting, groundbreaking album, blah blah blah, it's also a very different listening experience that the buyer should be prepared for.  Miles was setting out to shock the Jazz world to it's roots  with this album and on some of the epic 20 minute tracks you can see why.    however, he achieves his goal with a sudden melodic tour de force of  sensual jazz orchestration, leaping in and out of song like a horny  leprechuan.  Well worth every penny you spend and i don't say that very  often.
0800116917|5.0|This movie deserves five stars because it is an epic in true fashion.  It is filmed beautifully, the actors are amazing, and the story is compelling.  However, it must be remember that the story is very much told from  Lawrence's point of view.  While he may have thought he was giving the  Arabs their freedom and bringing them into the modern world, an Arab would  disagree.  The Arab Revolt was not Lawrence's, but rather the manifestation  of a half century of pan-Arabist thought.  In reality, Lawrence is a  footnote--though quite an exciting one--in Middle Eastern history.
6300183971|3.0|The book Dune by Frank Herbert was incredible, but this film was poorly made and hard to follow.  I didn't understand any of it until I watched it a second time.  Once you do understand it, however, it is pretty good.   Patrick Stewart is awesome!
B000002NBY|5.0|This is no doubt Paul Simons best solo album! When i first heard it i was blown away! This is worth having!
6303212379|5.0|It reminds me of being 6 years old again and wayching it then!<br />I'm still waiting for the DVD with all those enigmatic deleted scenes like the snack shop and the octopus. Nevertheless, buy it for its nostalgic value
0767836286|4.0|There is one thing that makes this movie worth watching and that's the ending. I never was so surprised by an ending than in this movie. And more: The ending is probably the only one that actually makes sence. So, just for  the ending, WATCH IT!
B00000JWVO|5.0|I've seen it in Broadway last summer so I decide to bought the video. It's marvelous as the comedy.
6303965415|5.0|Persuasion has long been one of my favorite Jane Austen books, so I wasn't hard pressed to watch the movie.  I have to admit I wasn't taken in by the cast selected to portray Anne Elliot or Captain Wentworth, but this changed  very quickly.  I thoroughly enjoyed watching Anne's beauty blossom as the  story began to unfold.  At first she seemed &quot;too good&quot; putting up  with so much from her embicile father.  How did she manage to come from  that family? I loved the expression in her eyes, wow! How could you not be  totally swept away by the ending. Incredible passion displayed on film.  Please watch this movie you will not be disappointed!
B000002BVN|4.0|if you're a fan go buy it...but if you're not a fan, and just wanna get a  Michael Jackson album, get another one. the new songs in this album are  great....&quot;morphine&quot;is brilliant...especially the tempo change,  and &quot;blood on the dance floor&quot; shows Michael's wide vocal range,  and it's a great song. i didn't really like the remixes...i never thought i  would, i bought the cd because of the new songs...and it was worth the  money. I can't wait for the new album to come out though.
0451160916|5.0|It is my firm belief that Stephen King has produced thus far in his career four literary masterpieces (and another half-dozen or so which come pretty close): THE SHINING, THE STAND, MISERY, and, most recently, HEARTS IN  ATLANTIS. (Of those that come close, I'd include 'SALEM'S LOT, THE DEAD  ZONE, DIFFERENT SEASONS, PET SEMATARY, DOLORES CLAIBORNE, and THE GREEN  MILE.)       THE SHINING is a brilliant exercise in terror, an adroit  exploration into the enormously adverse effects of alcoholism on  relationships and families, and a superbly crafted piece of fiction: a  must-read not only for horror fans but for anyone who appreciates good  writing and good stories.
B0000029LG|5.0|it was because of this album that i became a Michael Jackson fan.....the second cd is so good! it takes you through differrent rithyms...differnet singing styles, different emotions...it's great! &quot;you are not  alone&quot; is a nice pop ballad but is the most simple one.....too simple  if you compare it to &quot;little Sussie&quot; or &quot;Stranger in  Moscow&quot; which are both beautiful, heartfelt pieces of art.aMichael is  not only a great singer with a very versatil voice and a wide vocal range,  but also a great composer and producer....just listen to this album and  you'll see what i'm talking about.
038533348X|5.0|CAT'S CRADLE is categorically brilliant, a magnificent piece of fiction, and Vonnegut is enormously talented. CRADLE is doubtless one of the most imaginative, thought-provoking, and entertaining books I've ever had the  immense pleasure of reading. I whole-heartedly recommend it to readers of  all ages and backgrounds.
0780626494|5.0|What a surprise this picture was. I admit the movie trailers suggested a goofy &quot;Pleasantville&quot; knock-off but this was truly a great film. I've seen it over a dozen times on DVD and it keeps getting better. The DVD  is outstanding in both audio and visual quality. Christopher Walken  provides a stunning performance of the genius dad who's gone just a little  bit over the edge and Sissy Spacek provides the perfect 60's mother,  complete with oven mitts. I'm a '50's -60's music lover and the Perry Como  sountrack was, shall I say, swell!
B000002UKS|5.0|After one listen to this record, few would doubt the songwriting ability of Foo Fighters frontman, Dave Grohl. Sublte opener &quot;Doll&quot;, quickly gives way the the pure adrenaline soaked punk stomp that is  &quot;monkeywrench&quot;. Another change of tempo brings in the bristling  &quot;Hey, Johnny Park&quot; which has a tender verse wrapped around a  Godzilla sized riff. &quot;My poor Brain&quot;, and &quot;wind up&quot;  hark back to the more raw sounds of their self titled debut album. This  album is an emotionaly rollercoster right to the end, and one of the most  varied and engaging rock albums available. The highlight of this monumental  collection of songs is the haunting &quot;Everlong&quot; which combines a  low-key melody with an epic chorus and intelligent, emotional lyrics, which  make it a truly beautiful love song. It's not often an album this special  comes along, and no self respecting fan of the genre should be without it.
0679601910|5.0|I enjoy all of Jane Austen's novels but find this one to be my favorite.  It is the most thoughtful and emotional and relies less on external events than the other novels.  Anne Elliot is older than all of Jane Austen's  other heroines.  Her maturity shows in the way she handles her family's  financial problems, her reunion with Wentworth, the events at Lyme, and the  final happy moment when they reconcile.  The ending was fulfilling and  satisfying, and all that I could have hoped for, after, literally, reading  Anne's thoughts.
B000002N2Z|5.0|This album is without doubt one of the most essential albums of the genre. The ease with which the Deftones combine melody and brutal guitar riffs is truly astounding. So few bands can be this heavy and this subtle at the  same time, with intelligent lyrics and attitude by the truckload all fit  together to produce one of the albums of the decade. Chino's vocal  flexibility adds another dimension to each song, while Steph carpenter's  guitar skills are immediately apparent. Add to this a faultless rhythm  section and you've got a band which deserve attention. Stand out tracks are  &quot;Root&quot;, &quot;Nosebleed&quot; and &quot;Bored&quot;. I can't  reccomend an album more.
0140434143|5.0|Mansfield Park is a complex book with situations that cause one to sit back and think about what has been presented to her/him.  I found the first half to be a bit slow and was wondering where the charatcter development  and plot line would all lead. However, I was rewarded as I read the second  half and saw how the character development and siutations of the first half  led to each character's fate.  This book is definitely not for everyone,  since it is darker, more serious (and subversive) compared to Austen's  other works.  especially if you are uncomfortable with subversive  situations.
B000020617|4.0|This album is simply brimming with excellent songs. Right from the word go the listener's attention is caught by the seething hooks of &quot;stacked actors&quot; which will certainly become a live favourite for as long as  the foo foghters continue to play. The pure catciness of first single,  &quot;Learn to Fly&quot; is a testament to the songwirting skills of Dave  Grohl. &quot;Aroura&quot; sounds cosmetically similar to  &quot;Everlong&quot; but has a more 'laid back' feel, and quickly moves  into a weightless chorus more reminiscent of &quot;Walking after you&quot;.  The album continues in a strong fasion, without a single weak song, and  closing track &quot;MIA&quot; will have you reaching for the repeat button  the second it begins to fade out. Other stand out moments are  &quot;Generator&quot;, and &quot;Next Year&quot;. All in all a strong all  round performance, however the album fails to recapture the glory of  &quot;the colour and the shape&quot;, but is none the less a  great album  which i strongly reccomend.
B000002BYD|5.0|Yield is a successful album of change. Pearl Jam has moved away from their grunge sound of the early 90s to embrace a more open type of music. A lot of people hate Pearl Jam while an equal amount loves them. Pearl Jam has  remained on top of their game while other groups proved they couldn't be  consistent with producing an enjoyable sound.      Pearl Jam has shown  their fans that they are one of the greatest bands of their time and  definitely an influence for the generations to come.
0790734427|5.0|I do not know how anyone could disagree with me when I say that this is filmaking at its best.  The creative genius of Tim Burton and the over-the-top performance by Jack Nicholson, make this an instant classic,  and a must-see movie.
B000002H33|5.0|This album is amazing. It has amazing riffs and lyrics. The subject matter of power is amazing (i.e. cocaine for Master of Puppets) etc. I love this band.
B000020617|5.0|One thing that I've noticed about the reviews is that fans either love it or hate it.  I for one, love it.  Having it play in the background while I worked I was compeled to stop and replay every track.  Songs like  &quot;Stacked Actors&quot;, &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;, &quot;Gimme  Stitches&quot;, and the hypnotic &quot;M.I.A&quot; are each unique and  carry their own energy.  Well written, well produced, and mine will be well  played.  In a genre that has many acts fearful of spreading their  &quot;musical wings&quot;, its good to see a group take on a challenge.   Makes you wonder if those groups that never change are the sell outs  playing for the almighty dollar.
0800141709|1.0|Everyone knows this is an All-Time Great Film, but be forewarned. It is _not_ in letterbox or multiaspect or whatever the blurb claims; it is in 4:3 aspect ratio. If that's okay by you, it's your choice, but the DVD is  mis-advertised; I wouldn't have purchased it had I known.
0201633612|5.0|One of the best books I ever read. Required reading for any OO programmer
0385493622|4.0|This is a highly intellectual piece of work in which any layman who has lost touched with high school Mathematics would not find it difficult to comprehend. <br />It is quite fascinating to read some interesting stories of  other mathematicians who are directly and indirectly involved in solving  the Fermat's Last Theorem. Simon Singh's insights and ability to relate  Mathematics from the Ancient Greece to the present day developments have  given me a deep appreciation on the evolution of math within a nutshell.      <br />Let me assure those who may find it tough to savour the beauty of  Mathematics - This book will definitely dispelled such a misgiving.  In  fact, this book has rekindled my interest in re-examine Mathematics in  different light and angle.  <br />Go for it.  And I bet you will find this  book both entertaining and inspiring.
B000002GQL|5.0|If you purchase no other MB CD, get this one!  Justin Hayward's ballads have never been more soulful (New Horizons and You and Me), Ray Thomas contributes his best song (For My Lady), John Lodge adds a classic  hard-driving rock song (I'm Just a Singer...), and Mike Pinder is his usual  melancholy self (Lost in a Lost World; When You're a Free Man).
B000002BHE|5.0|I have 3 of Celine's cd's, and Falling Into You is my favorite by far. I have just purchased her new album &quot;All the way&quot; as well as her Christmas Album, &quot;These are special times.&quot;  She is absolutely  fantastic.  I hate the thought of her retiring, but can understand.  There  is no one today performing that can equal her.  Her voice gives me goose  bumps. It's amazing that anyone can sing that way.  I have her cd's in the  car and that's all I listen to. She is my absolute favorite singer and I  can't wait to see her farewell concert on November 24, 1999.  I sure hate  to see her go away.
068484267X|5.0|There aren't enough words in the English language to describe the range of emotions I felt while reading this enchanting story.  As for the reviewers who lambasted this work of art, I truly for sorry for you!
0385493800|5.0|Grisham puts to words a story to remind us the depth of this world.  This book was incredible.
0425170349|4.0|I have read a lot of books, but I'll have to say that this is one of the best I've ever read, but there were some minor problems that didn't bother me too much. One of them was the start of the book. It starts out really  cool, but then it kinda goes no where for some time. Disjointed plot at  times. Once you get further into the book, all the pieces start to fit the  puzzle, and the book gets more exciting. I especially thought that the end  was great. I would recommend this book to anybody who likes technology,  weapons, and espionage all put together. I thought this book was so good  (It was my first Tom Clancy book) that I became an instant fan of Mr.  Clancy, and I have currently started another one of his books, RED STORM  RISING.
0312853238|5.0|This is, by far, the best book I have ever read (this is written after my fortieth reading of it). It deserves no criticism in my mind.
0451160916|4.0|&quot;The Shining&quot; I found was pretty good. The only problem I had was trying to get into the book in the beginning, to feel involved in it. I felt it could have hurried up a little, but as always Stephen King  mezmorizes you into the book by his ingenius imagination and writing style.
0395754100|5.0|I bought this book when my three year old was born, and we have been reading it ever since.  We can read other books during the day, but at night, only Curious George will do.  Since the stories are rather long  (50-60 pages, albeit with large text and lots of pics), I now have my son  read the stories to me, and he has memorized them all by using the  illustrations as cues.  We also have discussions about how George must feel  in different situations, and what we would do if we were in his place.  For  both the story lines and the wonderful, colorful illustrations we rate  &quot;The Complete Adventures of Curious George&quot; a classic among  classcs for children.
B000023VR6|5.0|When I first listened to the original Chronic, I thought it was un-organized,but I still felt it. Dre's new album is just a little better than  his '92 one. It is much more organized and the guest rappers are  better, although I wouldhave loved to hear Warren G on it. Only one other   complaint: Dre isn't on every song. He's missing from Murder Ink, Some L.A.  N's, and xxplosive. Still, this is Phenomenal!
B000002GVO|5.0|hotel california, the song itself, is a true epic.  it has and will remain in history as possibly one of the best rock works of all time.
B00000AFWW|5.0|Hole has once again released an album that has captivated me as well as other listeners.  The slightly more pop-sounding cd, Celebrity Skin, still has it's deep lyrical edge, and rhythmic sound.       It seems as though  Courtney Love has gotten to an even deeper depth with her lyrics than she  has been before.  There's songs dealing with things like escape to  corrupted people.  Hole has once again made a statement to the world with  Celebrity Skin.
B000031XCR|1.0|As if it isn't bad enough that Celine Dion is the same structured balladeer how about a full c.d. of the same songs over and over again?  Well that's what you'll get from her newest c.d. which is such a cheap shot  at lasting Celine Dion into the new millenium even though she supposedly is  supposed to be going on a &quot;break&quot;.  She doesn't have enough  greatest hits to call this c.d. a greatest hits c.d. so maybe that's why  she included not one or two but SEVEN new songs.  Obviously she does need a  break and hopefully when she comes back in two years she will bring some  creativity along with her.
6304106017|3.0|The beginning of From Dusk till Dawn is cool and the acting, story and everything are great. But from those vampires thingy... that was pretty lame. they should've made anothre plot.
0425170349|1.0|Read the title of this essay and you've completed the whole book without having to go through the 900 pages the book consists of. Basically, this book is a long construction of different terrorist operations being  disrupted by a secret anti-terrorism society named  &quot;Rainbow&quot;.<br />The plot of the book is very weak, and is barley  held together by the somewhat intense and exciting segments when team one  or two of Rainbow is storming terrorist operations and blasting everyone's  guts everywhere, including some hostages. When I first looked down at this  900 page monster, I thought &quot;How the heck can Clancy turn the subject  of an anti-terrorism team into 900 pages?&quot;, it's obvious to me now  that he can't.<br />Another thing that is simply horrible about this book is  that it's written so poorly. You could tell that Clancy only wrote the book  for a computer game and maybe a future movie. The only thing I like about  this book is the computer game that was made out if it. Other than that,  this book is void of any good literature and a waste of money and time. Do  yourself a favor and read something else.
0553275976|5.0|This is one of the best stories Ive ever read. Its intelligent, hysterical, very cynical and yet, so very real. Not only did it capture my attention during its 700pages -to the point I just couldnt go to sleep -  but also I actually felt sad once I realized there was no more book to read  and that it was over. I had become so attached to the characters - it was  almost as if I had become one of their friends - and also I went so into it  that I was dragged into its own pace and timing. In the end (dont freak  out, Im not gonna say how it  ends) I realized that I d become agitated  myself as action took place at such a high speed -as if I had been there  all the time: if a book is capable of making a person perspire and agitate  in his armchair and laugh loudly and histerically, so hard that he is  unable to continue reading, then it must be a masterpiece. And this is most  certainly one.
0767821629|5.0|I have to admit that after seeing the trailers in the cinema for this, I had no wish to see it, but I rented it today on DVD and was very impressed. Another review mentions the Dark City reference, which is one that I'd  agree with. Visually, it is stunning. Those who will enjoy the film in 5.1  will be pleased. Overall a very thoughtful and well-made film.
B00000JWVO|5.0|This is a beautiful trip into a fantasy world of intelligent cats.  If you've ever seen, heard, or heard of the musical, you must see the video.  Ken Page and John Partridge are wonderful as Old Deuteronomy and Rum Tum  Tugger.  I'll admit there's not much of a plot line, but who needs one?  I  watch this movie almost daily, and drive my roommates nuts.  This is a  definite buy.
B000002WAD|5.0|I loved this disc the moment I first heard it. Rick is one great singer. His music has great beat, his voice is deep and sultry and his songs have alot of jazzy uplifting melodies to them. I'd never be without this disc  for my collection. Theirs just not enough of Rick around. He's hot!
B000002L61|5.0|Dio's &quot;The Last in Line&quot; is the essential album for every person that enjoys listening to Heavy Metal.  The exceptional guitar work of a young Vivian Campbell, especially on the ti particularly notworthy and  inspiring.
B000023VR6|5.0|THIS CD  is  ridiculous.....  Number 11 and number 12  are just phat.   Cant get enough!
6305263248|5.0|THIS is probably the most exciting film I have ever seen! It grabs you by the throat right from the start and has you on the edge of the seat all thru the finish.<br />Recipe: You take de Niro, the coolest suavest actor to  walk this Earth, pair him off with Reno, the most macho actor to walk this  Earth and Skarsgaard the most unpredictable and dangerous actor to walk  this Earth and throw in a few other brilliant actors for measure.<br />Then  you add a few car chases which will make French Connection blush with  shame, one of which is done by two of the most elegant cars to cruise this  Earth, the Audi S8 and the Citroen XM, throw in a spectalucar show-down in  a filled Le Zenith in Paris with a cameo performance by the stunning  Katharina Witt and what have you got ?<br />RONIN!  Watch and enjoy teh  shiver down your spine.......you won't regret it!
0783229569|5.0|Not only is this movie extreamly fun to watch, but it also has some very deep explinations of strange happenings in the 60's.  If you listen carefully enough, you could come out with an education.
B000031XCR|4.0|I was surprised to see that Celine Dion has finally done a greatest hits collaboration.  This was definately overdue.  This was a very excellent idea.  I do miss though, that &quot;Water From The Moon&quot; was not  included on this CD.  My favourite is on it though......and seeing the  Celine is coming out of the music industry...........MY HEART WILL GO ON  for her music
0694003611|5.0|A classic book that will never go out of style.  Our little one chooses  this book nightly for his bedtime reading.  It's amazing to see his face  light up when see's the &quot;Red Baloon&quot;! A must have for your little  one(s)!
B000031XCR|5.0|I think this is a great cd i just got it today and haven't stopped listening to it. My favorite song is &quot;Thats the way it is&quot;. I love the cd i think this is a great ending for her until she comes back to  do many more great songs. Congrats Celine!
B000001DVD|5.0|This album is Def Leppards's finest work, a shining example of the new wave of british heavy metal from the late 70's...It features uncompromising, aggressive, old fashioned rock with haunting melodies, crunching riffs and, thanks to producer \\"Mutt\\" Lange, far more polished production values than thier debut, On Through the Night.      Joe Elliot's  passionate vocals are right on the money. Steve Clark and Pete Willis's guitar work burns down the house. Musically, this 1981 album is the bridge between the raw, immediate sound of thier debut and the polished, heavily produced sound of 1983's Pyromania and foreshadowed the bands breakout commercial success. Standout tracks include \\"Let it Go\\", \\"Hit and Run\\", \\"Bringin' on the Heartbreak/Switch 625\\", and \\"Lady  Strange\\".    WARNING: Be careful when listening to High N' Dry in the car, it may  cause you to want to SPEED, attracting the attention of local law enforcement!
B000000OEI|5.0|This is one of my favorite movie soundtracks and I have a lot of em. Especially good for driving and working out. An amazing number of movie previews use cuts from this soundtrack - listen for it at the movies. I  believe this is the definitive Hans Zimmer soundtrack. Check out his other  stuff too - especially The Rock, Broken Arrow, The Peacemaker, and  Backdraft.
B000006045|5.0|I had always heard of this band and always saw their creepy-crawly cover in music store shelves everywhere, but I never had the cojones to buy their stuff.  I didn't know much about them, and I didn't know any of their  songs.  However, when I saw the movie trailer for &quot;End of Days&quot;  and heard that eerie, infectious music in the background, (and also  remembered it in &quot;Go&quot; too) I went on a mad hunt to find that  song. I had to get it!   I bought the Go soundtrack, but no luck (although  its a killer sdtk..), so I searched all songs in the credits of the film  &quot;Go&quot; that weren't included on the soundtrack and listened to  their clips here at Amazon, and found that it was Massive Attack's  &quot;Angel&quot;.  The whole album is a post-modern, mood-scaping  masterpiece.  Im glad I found it. Now, I'll have to save up and buy their  other previous albums.
B000023VR6|5.0|This CD is TIGHT. Dre, snoop and eminem are all good. Only thing wrong with the cd is that it has too many guests on it. Ice Cube should of also been on it.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I just have to say that the album is a supreme second album. NIN-clones they are not! Partial crossbreeds, maybe... Nonetheless, this tech-rock album hits its euphoric highs (&quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot;,&quot;Its  Gonna Kill Me&quot;) and a touching lightheated territory that I never  thought I'd hear from this band (&quot;Take A Picture&quot;).  &quot;Take a  Picture&quot; is currently my favorite song out on radio-play right now. It  is the best song I've heard in a long time, with its suprisingly rousing  build-up as the song goes on. As a DJ, I play this every night whether  anyone wants to hear it or not!  Cuz, I sure do.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|If you like all the screaming and shouting type of bands then this is the CD for you.  Also, if you are the rebel that likes to listen to anarchist music.  I find this CD awesome!   I also appreciate the lyrics sheet it  helps to understand what is being scramed.
B000002UAF|5.0|So much has been written about the Beatles later albums such as Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road and The White Album, which all made your customer poll Top 100. It's a real shame that the Beatles earlier(pre-Rubber Soul) albums  are underappreciated because they are all first rate rock 'n roll. A Hard  Day's Night is the best of the earlier albums and ranks right up there with  their later classics and also should have been on your customer Top 100.  Every track here is brilliant in consumate beat-pop style. Infectious joy  just explodes out of every song.  A friend of mine described this album as  &quot;a guaranteed bad mood buster. The unforgettable opening guitar riff  of the title song sets the tone for what is to come. And I Love Her is  arguably McCartney's best love song. Lennon's glorious harmonica never  sounded better than in I Should Have Known Better. The songs are more  complex than it may first seem so listen to them carefully. For instance,  Tell Me Why is a great rocker whose backbeat has a syncopated snazz that  gives it a swing sound as well. Hardly pop fluff. The most incredible thing  about this album is that it was written on the run while Beatlemania raged  around them and they were pressured to get a soundtrack out for the movie,  unlike the later albums when they had more time to experiment in the  studio. A Hard Day's Night is a timeless classic that sounds as fresh and  energetic today as it did 35 years ago. No serious rock collection is  complete without it.
0374172897|5.0|Cunningham's The Hours is a true classic of modern American fiction. I cannot recommend it enough to those that are tired of run-of-the-mill American novels that are published annually.
B000031XCR|5.0|I saw the video for 'That's The Way It Is' on VH1 and had to buy the CD (every time I hear the song, I want to jump up and start singing and dancing around the room).  I love the way that this is not only a 'Popular  Hits' album but also one with new material that touches your heart and  soul. I've listened to it continuously on my computer at the office, and  I'm not sick of it yet!
0425170055|5.0|I would give this book 10 stars if they'd let me!  Scary, action-packed, involving, addictive!  Scary: Mr. Clancy is so convincing in depicting the baddies that he had me wonder if something like this couldn't really  happen!  Action-packed: I am playing the game (Rogue spear) and found  myself reading every action scene three or four times in a row and I was  jumping in my couch while I was reading them!  Involving: The characters  are so convincing you feel the story evolve with them. Addictive: I am  having big trouble lifting my head from this book. Can't stop reading it!   I'm addicted!  WAY TO GO, TOM!
B000002URV|5.0|Cd'yi almn 3. gn. Gerekten ok iyi mziin sesini biraz an ve uzann. Keyifli bir deneyim olacak
6305499365|5.0|From the opening sequence of the dreaded traffic jam on the way to work to the gut busting finale this film earned its comedic stripes. you won't find a movie this year that has this many memorable lines and bits from the  running gag on Michael Bolton to the hillarious scene where the three  frustrated office workers get revenge on a hated piece of office equipment.  For anybody who works period this movie will be a haunting reminder of life  in office hell! Did I mention the fact that Milton is one of the funniest  comic characters of all time? (I could burn the building down) (If she's  lucky I'll show her my oh face!) Just a little taste of the comical lines  of the movie. If you love humor and a movie that will just make you laugh  over and over again rent or better yet buy this movie you won't regret it!
B000002B7M|5.0|this album is a must own for anyone, the guitar work on all the songs are amazing, randy rhoads has to be the best metal guitarist ever, or just best guitarist ever. all the songs are amazing. ozzy's vocals go perfect with  the instrument playing, this album is a must own, buy it now, i promise you  it will not be a waste of your money
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 is the best band ever. They have the best sense of hummor. They just be their self. That is one reason why I love them. I hope to meet them someday.Blink 182's new cd is the sweetest thing ever. Every song on this  cd is good. They aren't like other cd's, because when you buy cds you  usually  only like the song you all ready knew, and you may like some other  ones, but this cd is all good. Along with their other cds like Dude Ranch.  I give all their cds 5 stars,and if I could more. Because they earned it.  Well I could write forever so I will just stop here.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Fiona Apples new cd &quot;When the Pawn Hits the Conflicts He Thinks Like a King  What He Knows Throws the Blows When He Goes to the Fight and He'll Win the Whole Thing 'Fore He Enters the Ring There's No Body to Batter When  Your Mind Is Your Might So When You Go Solo, You Hold Your Own Hand and  Remember That Depth Is the Greatest of Heights and If You Know Where You  Stand, Then You Know Where to Land and If You Fall It Won't Matter, 'Cuz  You'll Know That You're Right&quot; is a good cd. I think that the best  song is &quot;Fast as you can.&quot; If you like Fiona Apple, buy the cd.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I bought this cd after I got Mellon Collie and the Infinite Saddness because I enjoyed it so much. I had heard a few songs from &quot;Siamese Dream&quot;, and I really liked them, but I didn't realize how good this  album really is! From begining to end, this is a truly awesome album. It  deals with such emotion. Love, hate, fustration, depression, happyness,  anger, sadness... the list goes on. Billy Corgan's inner torment led to the  producion of in my opinion, the greatest album ever. Everyone should buy  it, because it helps you alot through hard times. I relate my life to this  album alot, especially when it deals with being fragile, and insecurity.  Everyone feels this sometime, so everyone can relate. Don't waste any time  buying this. Its a truly incredible album.
B000021Y7X|5.0|5 Stars is not an exaggeration.<br />At one point in the commentary audio, David Byrne described his performance as an aerobic workout.  It certainly is as it has me dancing now just as it did when I saw these shows live.  The remastered soundtrack truly conveys the awesome energy this band  musters.  I recommend this DVD without hesitation as it will be the best  sounding disc in your collection.<br />As for the music 15 years later: it's  not as dated as some of the Heads' contemporaries.  This is due partly to  the band's energy and mostly to the imagery of Byrne's lyrics.  You won't  regret spending the money on this disc since it will bring you right into the  first row of the concert hall where nowadays tickets run $50 - $65.<br />A  must for anyone who saw the Heads during that tour!
6304578482|1.0|This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life, and I am not the harshest critic of movies by any means.  This movie is not funny at all, the acting is terrible, and plot is cliqued and outdated. DO NOT  WASTE YOUR TIME!   THE MOVIE IS HORRIBLE!
B00002R0MC|5.0|If you are a music lover.  This is a must buy. This shows some of the greatest guitar sessions I have ever heard. Bob put all of his emotion into his music and lyrics.  He had a passion for his movement and music.  This  is the best box set ever. RIP Robert Nesta Marley &amp; Peter Tosh
0446525537|5.0|This is a powerful little book.  It touches all the emotions.  I am going to buy it, read it again and pass on to friends.
1573226521|4.0|This book is a cerebral Snickers bar for anyone who has travelled abroad with a backpack in search of the next place to be.  Even if you're someone, like me, who has to laugh at the dreadlocked 'Travellers' that litter the  world's tropical playgrounds - it's well worth the read.  Gartner's prose,  from his observations of his friends' neuroses to his memories of  constructing model airplanes, flows and captivates astonishingly well.  I'm  glad to know that I'm not the only one to have muttered 'Bravo 6 to Alpha  Team - recon initiated' as I jumped into the jeep on its way to the  airport.  Read it -- and not just for the story, but also to enjoy someone  who effortlessly writes like you think.  At least how you think after a  night of too many beers and too little sleep on the local commuter as it  pulls into Prague central station at 6am.
0061002747|5.0|This book is such an awesome book.  If you are not sure which Agatha Christie to start off with, choose this book!  Hercule Poirot is a mastermind at work, and beware, Agatha picks the person who least expect.   Once I picked the book up, it was impossible to put it down.  It's not one  of those boring books that dragged on and on.  Read some of her other books  too, they're just great!
B00002MZ2C|3.0|I've been eyeing RATM since Evil Empire, my opinion being that they could be REALLY good if they sped stuff up, threw in some hip-hoppier beats, and really, shall we say, brought the noise. Early reviews I read made it sound  like they went that direction with &quot;Battle&quot;, so I picked it up.  Still... so close to really good, but no cigar. I see next to no difference  between this and Evil Empire. This may be a ringing endorsement for some,  but not for someone like me, who had great expectations.
B000005DQR|5.0|...TrAckS LikE BUILDINT STEAM WITH A GRAIN OF SALT aNd ORGAN DONOR, geT mE hArd...Dj Shadow.......I want to make love to one of your songs...!
6300215814|5.0|Audrey Hepburn is the queen of glamour. She's fantastic in this movie. Her character drew me in so much I forgot that I was watching tv. It felt like I was there observing her character in person. It makes me smile and laugh  and completely forget about my problems. Not only is the movie a comedy,  but also a drama. Audrey Hepburn pulled off the role well and made me and  everyone else in this world fall in love with her. Even the people who hate  classic movies love this one! It can break anyones barriers!
044022165X|5.0|What a great novel, literally one I found to put down. Grisham knows how to write a good story and keep his readers engrossed in his tale. Excellent! Can't wait for The Brethren.
B00003000M|5.0|Lauryn wows us once again with a superb blend of this reggae combination featuring Bob Marley. Bob Marley has been my constant source of inspiration.It was through listening to his music that I have found my true  identity. I can guarantee anyone who listens to this music that they will  be totally transformed. Bob Marley is the medium through which we can learn  our history and be truly proud of who we are. Lauryn revives the legend  once more, I am totally impressed by her Afrocentricism and at a time when  the Black identity is becoming undermined and suffused by material  consumption. Bob would have been ecstatic that someone has been paying  close attention to his message. Excellent motivational music. ONE LOVE.  PEACE.
B00001OH1S|5.0|Great Sounds from a serious Jazz fan.  Could almost see the movie in my mind as the music palyed.
0393317552|4.0|Good analysis gets beyond proximate causes and into the actual causes for general technological development.  It's presentation is balanced and reasonable not fanatical or political.  Centered on the attempt to answer  the question about the conquest of the New World by the Old, as opposed to  the other way around.  Primarily focussed on the presense of raw animal and  plant materials for the development of domestication.  But overall provides  a fairly lucid presentation of human history before writing, which is  typically inadequately dealt with in history books.  For me, the only thing  I didn't like was the title.  The best pre-historical history book I have  read.  One apparent lacunae to me was neglecting the effect of the  Mediterranean on the development of Southern Europe and North Africa.  The  Third Chimpanzee is also as good, but focusses instead on human  development.  Both are enjoyable.
0393038912|4.0|In this Pulitzer Prize winning book, Jared Diamond tackles one of the most difficult questions imaginable: Why do different societies dominate others? Why did the Europeans conquer the new world, rather than the other way  around? Why did Europeans colonize Africa? Traditional explanations have  relied on European racial superiority, a notion both morally abhorrent and  scientifically refuted. Diamond builds on the work of anthropology,  sociology, agriculture, immunology, and many other disciplines to put forth  a coherent set of explanations for the ascendancy of different peoples  throughout our 13,000 year history as a civilized species. A fantastic,  educational read.
0670888443|5.0|This book is so honest and sweet. I guarntee you will smile and laugh your way through it. my son and I love this book. The illustrations are wonderful.
6305126062|4.0|I thought this would be another boring &quot;chic flick&quot; but I was wrong.  My girlfriend fell asleep and I watched the entire movie.  It was very well written with an excellent cast.  It casts a spell on you as you  watch it and you become personally involved with the characters.  It was  both everything and nothing that I look for in a movie.
B000002HRE|3.0|The mark of a descent band is growth.  If a band is to survive it must grow.  Unforgiven II is a perfect example.  It is a remake of a previous song but is different enough to make a difference. The blues / country  influence in this song, which was previewed in Mama Said on Load, is  refreshing, a nice blend with the slower rock ballad.  Although I don't  like it as much as I like some of their other albums, the growth that  Reload shows is a triumphant declaration that METALLICA IS FOREVER!
B00000JHAU|5.0|This CD is beautiful, filled with personality, witty and very intelligent. I've been smiling ever since I got it.Pretty damn excellent.*Sigh*
B00000JCOV|5.0|Wow! Those are the only words I had after listening to this album.  Move over metal bands that thought you were all that;  this is Slipknot. Even from the first glance of the cover, you know you're in for a ride and they  never let you go.  Once you sink into each of the 15 songs of this maniacal  rollercoaster, you'll never be the same. A definite MUST HAVE for any metal  fan; you won't regret it.
0440224764|5.0|This is the author's best book ever.  Fast paced and factually accurate, the reader can not put it down until the end.  Hints of what is to come and the many plot twists keep the reader interested, and the ending of the book  puts everything into place very well.
B000021XS0|5.0|This album is unbelievable.  It's musicianship and craftsmanship are remarkable.  Each member's part in this album is simply incredible.  If you really want to hear really great music, get this album:  you won't regret  it.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the Red Hot Chili Pepper's best album ever, and probably the best album of 1999.  It mixes hard rock with slow tunes, and has everything in between.  There are no album filler tracks on this CD, and the hits  continue to play on the radio.  If you like rock music, buy this album.
6305609721|4.0|For all the fanfare that usually surrounds all things 'Trek', this installment in the movie series still seems very odd.  It isn't a bad film, for sure, but its overall tone seems muddled. I can imagine how difficult  it would be to shift an established franchise's mood.  Director Leonard  Nimoy is serviceable as actor and director, but the uncomfortable  transition to comedy within a darkly realized plot is unsettling.  Kudos to  co-writer Nicholas Meyer for his god-is-in-the-details script moments (i.e.  the insensitive elevator interns).  Overall a miracle in execution, if a  bit weird.
B000002UAU|5.0|I've always struggled with this record, because it definitely is not the Beatles best work in terms of songwriting. I would rank at least Rubber Soul and Revolver ahead of Sgt. Pepper, and I'm tempted to even rank A Hard  Days Night ahead of it (&quot;I'm Happy Just to Dance With You&quot;  notwithstanding). Still, at the same time that one is rueing the day Paul  came up with &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot;, one can not help but be amazed  at the sheer inventiveness of the record. Some of the &quot;critics&quot;  on this page have complained that this is not a great ROCK record, and  they're probably right. Cream, the Yardbirds, and Hendrix were all more  successfully experimenting in the realm of heavy rock.<br />The thing is that  this criticism misses the point. By 1967, the Beatles had begun to  transcend their rock and roll heritage and to borrow from other genres -  the English Music Hall tradition for &quot;When I'm 64&quot; and  traditional Indian sources for &quot;Within You Without You&quot; to name  just two. Placing these two tracks one after the other was also either a  stroke of genius or sheer insanity, I'm not sure which.<br />Finally, the  album was the first &quot;rock&quot; record that asked to be taken  seriously not as just some pop record but as a complete work of art. The  jacket design was ingenious and it was the first album to have the lyrics  printed on the sleeve (like an opera libretto). Everything down to the last  detail was perfect (except for maybe some of the songwriting). I need say  nothing about the production values.<br />All in all you can say what you  want, but popular music was never the same after Sgt. Pepper. Anything less  than 5 stars would be downright disrespectful.
B000002P2V|4.0|Yes, The Who were starting to ease into a kinder, gentler point in their career. True, The Who were forever changed when one fourth of it's original, incendiary line up became yet another rock casualty; but what a  swan song this was.  From the first notes of the muscular opening track  &quot;New Song&quot; to the triumphant punch of the album's closer  &quot;Who Are You&quot;, Pete Townshend's matured outlook and vision  remained just as clear as it ever had.  With Daltrey's gruff, beefy vocals,  Entwhistle's dazzling bass flourishes, Townshend's cranking power chords,  and Moon's incredible timing and fills, this 1978 album bristles with all  the energy of a band half their age.  Rockers like &quot;Had Enough&quot;  and &quot;Guitar &amp; Pen&quot; showcase the vocal prowess and power of  the man called Daltrey, whilst beautiful gems such as &quot;Love Is Coming  Down&quot; and &quot;Music Must Change&quot; remind the listener of the  songwriting genius of Pete Townshend.  Hearing the bonus tracks at the end  of the CD is icing on this already glorious cake, and is essential for any  true Who fan (especially hearing some of the last drumming Moon ever put  down on tape with &quot;Empty Glass&quot;).  Everytime I put on this CD  (and it's a lot) I am transported to a wonderful place.  There are many  reasons for it, and one is the magic in the chemistry of these four  individuals... That this CD is the final curtain call for this legendary  line up makes &quot;Who Are You&quot; even more important, and sadly, more  poignant.
0792837614|5.0|Many times, when musicals are adapted onscreen, the result is cheesy and dumb (anyone seen the embarrassing movie version of &quot;Carousel&quot;?). But this &quot;West Side Story&quot; is so beautiful, and with music by  Bernstein, libretto by Sondheim, and choreography by Jerome Robbins, how  can you lose? This makes the &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; story fresh and  heartbreaking again. It's one of my all-time favorites.
B00000IPAX|5.0|&quot;Enema of the State&quot; is by far the best cd I have in my collection of 50. I am Blink's NUMBER ONE fan!  I think they did a GREAT job with this new album!  Everyone's heard &quot;What's My Age Again&quot;  and &quot;All the Small Things&quot;, but there is a lot more great stuff  on this cd. My favorites would have to be &quot;Going Away to  College&quot;, &quot;Adam's Song&quot;, and &quot;Wendy Clear&quot;. This  is a rad cd so i'm suggesting everyone should go out and buy it NOW.
6304498969|5.0|A must have for fans and non-fans alike!  The music is phenomenal, classic Clapton.  For you guitar players out there, this is an exceptional learning tool.  Trying to figure out those intricate licks that the sheet music  leaves out?  Watch the DVD in slow motion, see all the hand positions and  picking,again and again as needed until you master these songs!  An  excellent addition to any guitar players list.  3 thumbs up!
B00000099Y|5.0|&quot;See my shadow changing, stretching up and over me. Soften this old armor. Hoping I can clear the way by stepping through my shadow, coming out the other side. Step into the shadow.&quot;<br />enough said
B000002ADT|5.0|If you are a beginning fan of Jazz, this album is a great starter.  I got into Jazz at college, in various coffee shops.  This CD is perhaps the finest example of cool ever created.  It is perfect for taking time out,  and enjoying life, while getting a little work done.  Take a listen to  &quot;Freddie Freeloader.&quot;  That song, along with Dave Brubeck's  &quot;Take Five&quot; will welcome you to a whole new world.  An absolute  must, this album is perfection.  I ranked it with five stars, for only one  reason, &quot;timeless&quot; wasn't available!
6303481272|5.0|This movie is definately not for kids.  I would  say it is more for grown ups.  However, the movie is very, very nice. The plot line in there is unpredictable, the final conclusion was not foreseen and most of all the  characters are practically real.  Definately something to watch.
076783819X|2.0|The film starts out quite nicely as a sort of Twilight-Zoneish paranoid thriller (remember the episode where all of the neighbors accuse each other of being aliens?  Well, this time it's terrorists)buoyed by terrific  performances all around, but loses it entirely at the climax.  The ultimate  resolution doesn't make much sense and carries with it all of the  incoherent ingredients of a fever dream.  I tried to figure out the  logistics of the villain's plan, and it was just too risky.  Too many  things could go wrong with what they were planning.  To reveal these errors  could be regarded as spoilers, so I am trying to keep it vague, but many  other customers at the video store tend to agree with me.  Maybe the  alternate ending on the DVD makes more sense.
6300216748|5.0|Redford and Dunaway are a classic duo in this older film, which has a surprise at every turn.  I have seen it many times and have recommended to  others, who have loved it, too!<br />The pace is fast enough to keep you  interested, yet slow enough to delve a bit into the characters'  personalities.  Redford's double takes are priceless. You'll find yourself  wanting to see this more than once, because you will certainly not catch  everything the first time around.<br />The elevator scene is my  favorite.<br />I'd dub this one a sleeper and a keeper.  If you like a non  glitzy and suspensful story with some twists and turns, this one will not  disappoint.
0385484518|5.0|This book is transforming!  Buy it for everyone you care about. I laughed, cried and feel blessed to have read such an endearing, inpirational story. In an age of great loneliness, Morrie gives life new meaning in simple yet  profound aphorisms.  Love is all that matters from the beginning to the  final hour.
B0000214F3|5.0|After reviewing all 206 reviews for this movie, I've come to the realization there is still a majority of intelligent people who watch movies, not just teenagers who want action and adventure. I admit that when  my sister gave me this movie to watch, I almost gave it back to her without  seeing it because I didn't think I would care for it.  Was I wrong!  I've  seen it three times in a week and I can't believe it was three hours long   -- it seemed to carry me away and I didn't want it to stop. I must admit  that when the accident scene occurred after the coffee shop,  I was so  shocked that I thought I'd hate the rest of the movie.  I almost turned it  off, but I'm so grateful I didn't.  By the end of the movie I felt such  elation and satisfaction.   By the second viewing, I wasn't so shocked by  the accident so I was better  able to absorb the emotions and interactions  of the characters.  Since I'm a recent widow  (December '98) and then my  mother died on my birthday in May of '99,  I couldn't imagine ever watching  another romantic movie.   But the absorbing story just draws you in, and by  the time Anthony Hopkins says,  &quot;it's hard to say good-bye, isn't  it?&quot;  I knew exactly how Joe must have felt saying good-bye to Susan.   This is a feel-good movie by the end and a roller coaster ride of emotions  for three hours Don't listen to the dribble of teenagers who would rather  watch movies such as Animal House or Something About Mary  -- they probably  watch all those stupid sit-coms, too.
6305627401|5.0|Pretty much a typical South Park episode, except the F word is not bleeped out an there is more sexual material, but only in a few spots.  If you like South Park, you will love this.  But do not let the kids watch.  Put it  this way, in the first 10 or 15 minutes of the movie, Phillip and Terrance  sing a song called Uncle F**ker.  If profanity offends you, stay away.
6305169187|5.0|&quot;Armageddon&quot; is in the great tradition of silly summer fun. Like all good action films, it's implausibilities are forgotten because it's so effective. &quot;Armageddon,&quot; the latest from master of action films,  Director Michael Bay, is a go for broke action extravaganza that serves as  an example of what &quot;Deep Impact&quot; is not. This movie is full of  great comic angles, touching romance, a great look in it's cinematography,  and fantastic special effects. Even the performances are entertaining and  convincing. But what makes &quot;Armageddon&quot; a good experience is that  it's fun. I was never bored while viewing this film. Sure it has some weak  points, but you don't notice much. There are moments of breathtaking  scenery like when the shuttles fly over the moon as pieces of the asteroid  crash on it's surface. Michael Bay is a skillfull director who is the best  out there today in the action movie business. In the end,  &quot;Armageddon&quot; delivers with thrills, spectacular visual effects,  and lots of fun.
B0000021RB|5.0|The Chicago that produced the first two double albums is the Chicago that should have endured.  Instead, that Chicago faded and a new, sappy Chicago took its place, content to sing silly songs that get put in heavy rotation  on &quot;adult contemporary&quot; radio.<br />This album displays incredible  musicianship, creativity, and yes, quite a bit of chance-taking.  Chicago  then completely lost its creative edge and was comfortable cranking out the  schmaltz.  <br />Oh well.  At least you can still get this, and see what the  band sounded like when it was REALLY GOOD.
B0000048V8|5.0|Excellent music, glowing illustrations, a story that's sweet but not cloyinginly so--this lovely little movie was a favorite of my children's from toddlerhood on. The story of a small boy showing a snowman around his house is simple enough for a 1-year-old to grasp, especially since it is  told without words. But the humor and magic of the film (especially the  flight to the North Pole) continue to captivate my 5-year-old. And, the  music and artwork is so superior to typical childrens movie fare, you  actually don't mind hearing it for the 45th time.
B000023VTQ|5.0|This movie by far surpassed my expectations for it.  It was funny and sad all in one.  It got you laughing and crying.  It was definately a &quot;chickflick&quot; but hey, aren't those the best kinds?
B00000IQC8|5.0|Clerks is one of the most original and funny movies I have ever seen.  Basicly just a day in the life of 2 clerks.  Maybe it is so funny because there is so much truth in it.  You just have to watch it to appreciate it.  I mean come on, the 2 guys crash a wake.  Pay attention to the background  music as well, the Chewbacca song is great.  It is a bit costly to buy it  on DVD , but it was worth every cent I spent on it.
B00001U0DP|4.0|&quot;Life Is Beautiful&quot; ranks as one of the best pictures of the modern era.  Roberto Benigni's talents for comedy, drama and filmmaking allow this film to walk the delicate line of a comedy set at the  Holocaust.<br />The DVD also comes with a featurette, theatrical trailers and  the ability to watch the film in either Italian or English.  The English  version of the film allows you to enjoy all the details in the film.<br />For  the collector of cinema masterpieces, this is a must add to your  collection.
0783227434|4.0|Besides &quot;Blade Runner&quot;,&quot;Ghostbusters&quot;, and &quot;A  Clockwork Orange&quot;,this is one of the strangest movies I've ever seen.  The DVD transfer is great.  There is more humor than gore, but it's not a  big deal to me.  One of my favorite seens is when Ash( Bruce Campbell)is  battling the action figure sized Ashes in the windmill.  The only problem  is that the deleted scenes are not in this version I have. I'm referring to  the regular widescreen DVD version that I own.  Even if this version  doesn't have the deleted scenes, it's still a fun Halloween type movie.  I  hope there is going to be an Evil Dead 4.
6302227127|5.0|Although not as well known as many other classic movies, this film has been an annual favorite in my family.  It is filled with moments of humor as well as conveying the true meaning of Christmas.  Cary Grant is  fantastic as Dudley, and David Niven's character as the bishop who has lost  his understanding of this calling, is believable as someone who needs a  miracle.  Do yourself a favor and watch this movie, not the 1996 remake!
B00000K31V|1.0|If you like this movie, why not just visit a slaughter house.  At least there is a plot.  I have to vent b/c this flick really sucked.  I watched a good deal of the last hour in fastforward.  This movie lacked a plot,  special effects, acting, and a soundtrack.  What was the budget 1/2  Million? Mentioning this in the same breath as the Matrix is a joke. Thank  god I rented it!
B00001YXH5|5.0|This is easily the finest of the Cirque du Soleil videos.  The show is in incredible performance for all 90 minutes; everyone plays their parts to perfection.  Prepare to be amused by Skipping Ropes, transfixed by a human  Statue, and changed forever by Aerial Contortions in Silk.
B00000G3HZ|4.0|This film became cult for me in high school, and has continued through the years. It is a great psychological study, and has incredible talent in the cast.  What fun it is, to quote a line in a room full of people and watch  the recognition light up faces. It is a must see for everyone from the that  generation between baby boomers and &quot;X&quot;ers.
B000020617|4.0|Get this if only to watch the terrific video &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;!
0793542049|4.0|It's a very interesting book, with lots of good exercices. I particularly liked the way how Ed Friedland introduce the reader in the way how to construct your own bass lines. He gives you space for you to do your own  bass line, for you to express your own imagination. If you are a starter in  this walking bass business, I recomend you to buy this book, you won't be  deceived.
B000001ESJ|5.0|Every song on this album is fantastic.  A Farewell to Kings is one of my favorite songs.  Anyone who cares deeply about music should buy Rush albums.
B000001DTM|2.0|i'm one of the few people that believe u2 went down the toilet with this record. i loved &quot;the joshua tree&quot; and played it all the time, but this record did nothing for me, but mildly interested me with the cut  &quot;mysterious ways&quot;.  spring instead for &quot;joshua tree&quot; or  greatest hits (with my favorite song pride) instead unless you live for  techno stuff more than guitars.
B000002BBY|5.0|It would seem so four years down the road, wouldn't it? Noel wrote his best collection of songs, Liam sang his heart out. This might be the best ROCK album of the 90's--what else has this kind of attitude and cockiness?  It makes me wanna drive down the highway with my windows open, screaming...
B00000DQWT|5.0|This is the soundtrack to the greatest movie of all time.  Written and performed by the greatest Jazz artist of all time, Pat Metheny.  BUY THIS!
B0000041JU|5.0|I should start by saying that I first heard of Pogorelich only four years ago when 3 pianists were staying with us as guests for the annual Verbier music festival. One evening, I asked &quot;who is the best pianist in the  world today?&quot;, expecting an interesting discussion with a variety of  viewpoints. To my surprise, all three (age range 16 to 30) agreed on  Pogorelich - especially since I had never heard his name. One of my guests  had a CD of his, which I promptly played, and it was instant conversion! I  now have every one of his recordings.<br />My two favourites are the  &quot;Pictures&quot;, and Chopin's 2nd piano concerto. I can see why some  tradionalists complain that his style is ideosyncratic - it is! - but what  he brings to the music is innovation and sheer beauty. It may sound  heretical to say it, but I believe he is able to play the music the way it  should have been composed, but wasn't. Improve on Chopin, or Mozart, or  Mussorgsky? Impossible? But it's true, if 'conventional' renditions by  other artists are indeed more faithful to the composer's own intentions.  The proof is in the listening. Suspend your preconceptions, open your mind  and your ears, and bask in the glory of his wonderful sound!
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna has the knack for grabbing you attention and with Ray of Light she keeps it.  Profoundly deep and spiritually moving Madonna leads the way(again) for female singer of a new generation.  Not to knock others down  but what is Mariah Carey or Whitney Houston doing?  The same old  things...enlisting hard core rap artists to reinvigorate their music.   Madonna is on her own-not trying to impress anyone but herself.   &quot;Frozen&quot; is an utter masterpeice-the strings and drums give me  goosebumps, and vocally she has never sounded better.  People don't buy her  records to hear her voice as they do Barbra Striesand or Celine Dion-they  buy them because she always provides something fresh and new.  I wouldn't  classiy this album as electonica-it is pop.  I think that the electonic  sounds give a depth that is unreal.  Take &quot;The Power of Goodbye&quot;  for example-it is not you typical ballad-the syth sounds and vocal effects  give it life and vitallity-unlike so many stagnant &quot;power  ballads&quot; of recent years.  If you choose to buy her album expect an  aray of sounds and feelings-life, death, love, lose, pain, joy, and  millions more; expect to be shocked at the music-extremely layered and  provoative.  Who else would turn an chant into a pop song?  But most  importantly expect to be moved-you'll be amazed...
080017948X|5.0|The movie takes the thought of &quot;what will I do on my last day alive&quot; one step forward, and displays it in a very pleasent and funny way.
B00003000M|1.0|This recording is an insult to Bob Marley. Mixing some modern day recording artists that can't hold a flame to the late genius Bob Marley is yet another way of the music industry simply trying to make money. This CD  is a huge disappointment and I really hope that it is the LAST of its kind.
6300213714|4.0|This is Xenophon's 4th cent. B.C. Anabasis (March up country) with 10,000 Greek soldiers through hostile territories recast into NYC gang drama.  If you liked it, check out the original.
0606026282|5.0|I was required to read a book for chapter reading in a college course I am taking and I chose Charlotte's Web. This was the first time I had actually read the book. I throughly enjoyed it.  The book's use of animals was  extraordinary.  It gets children into the book and teaches them about life  and death situations.  It also deals with getting along with others which  many children need to know about. I believe every child should have an  opportunity to experience Charlotte's Web.  I plan on using it in my class  when I become a teacher.
0440217563|5.0|One of the best science fiction/new age/romance combinations to come along in a very long time.  This is the first in a series of books by a very prolific writer who is able to weave a tale and continue the story with a  thread a mile long.  Set in modern time and in history, the romance and  intrigue are captivating, and spellbinding.  This is a must for that long  vacation with relatives, or at your spouses high school reunion.  Diana  takes you out of time and space and puts you back in again, but in a  different era...wonderful, escapist romantic, intelligent writing..Keep it  up!
B000023VTQ|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater 16 times! It is my all time favorite! I really love the garden scene! Go see it NOW!
B00000729S|5.0|it started out slowly . First I just loved the album BLACK MONK TIME then I started to realize that almost nothing else is comparable . Really it is such a masterpiece that it deserves to be on any top ten albums of all time  list, and I'm not ashamed to say so . Thank you Monks . Also FIVE UPSTART  AMERICANS is really fun too .
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple's debut album, Tidal, was a beautiful compilation, with interesting, even inspiring, uses of lyric, melody, and voice.  Her new album, When the Pawn..., takes things to the next level and solidifies my  status as a fan.  Every aspect of the music on this album is interesting  and thought provoking.  It amazes me how such a young, waif-like girl can  create music that is so complete, mature, and fulfilling.  If you want to  fill your soul with more than what the typical, sugar-coated,  pre-masticated, predictable, pop-rock genre offers, or if you're jaded with  the  angry, monotone, scream-laden, &quot;alternative&quot; rock of the  &quot;new generation&quot;, buy this album.  Your faith in music will be  restored with the spectacular talents of a REAL musician.
B00000JCB3|1.0|this is by far the worst album i have ever purchased...........if you were expecting a great rock album think again it's a horrible mix of rock/rap and the lyrics are horrible......listen to the method man song if you dont  believe me.....do not buy this cd.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This album is awesome!  I loved her first album so much.  When the Pawn... has many more GOOD songs, but only Limp is as good as the GOOD songs on Tidal.  Shadowboxer and Sleep to Dream are two of my all time favorites.  I  Know is a gorgeous song and I can't get Paper Bag out of my head.  There is  a lyric in Limp that says - You fondeled my trigger then you blame my gun.   It's just as genius as the lyric- Once my flame and twice my burn- from  Shadowboxer.  Limp and Fast as You Can will soon become classics, and if  this were a perfect world, so would Fiona Apple.  She is so incredible and  I will be sitting on the edge of my seat until her next album, with my  discman playing Limp or Bound, or I know of course.
B000020617|5.0|if you were looking for a sequel to colur and shape.....like i was.......your not gonna get that.....exactly,however.........if you give it a chance you'll be pleased.....they have the great rock of old(like  breakout,reminds me of monkey wrench,even though they arent that close) and  a kind of softer side in songs like &quot;aurora&quot; and &quot;learn to  fly&quot; they all great songs though and i recommend this album to  everyone thats into rock music.............
B000002JR8|1.0|Critics everywhere love Pantera, calling the best and heaviest metal band ever. I don't see what's so good about them. Guitar mags hail Dime as one of the greatest and most talented guitarists on the planet. He certainly isn't. Not the worst, but not the best. After listening to Far Beyond  Driven I realised there's nothing special about this band. All that  screaming makes your ears bleed. The subject matter is terrible, offending  about sex, religion, politics, and WAAAAYYY too much swearing, there's a  reason why there's a Parental Advisory label on the cover. The drumming is  just horrible! You'd think a 2nd-grader or an ape was at the drums. Rex's  basslines sounded out of tune. And of course, there's Phil Anselmo. After  listening to this CD you'd figure out what kind of person Phil is(a mean  one). After listening to this CD, I've concluded that Pantera needs more  practice. Don't buy Far Beyond Driven. It's a mess. Thanks.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is definitely the most amazing, mind-blowing, powerful, and even more powerful album in the history of rock and roll.  The Smashing Pumpkins rock!  I was really into the Pumpkins when I first borrowed this album and  listened to it.  It really threw me off, and I didn't even listen to any of  the songs besides Today.  One day during Anthropology, I was at a computer  and surfing the net when I came across this awesome site with downloads of  Pumpkins music in CD chunks(meaning you could listen to an entire CD at  once).  I listened to the Adore, and Mellon Collie, and finally gave  Siamese Dream one more shot.  OHHHH! MY! GOD!  Every song on this album has  that raw feeling that no other rock band has except the Pumpkins.  The  distortion, the genius of the music, the drums, the bass, and Billy  Corgan's unbelievable voice together make this the greatest rock album in  history.  I wish I could rate this higher than 5 stars.  Nevermind wasn't  even close. (and I love Nirvana)
B000006I14|5.0|After eight decades, this movie does more than hold its own. Murnau's direction brings out every single element of eeriness. But the horror is all suggestive and the evil represented through use of shadows which  amplify the effect.     Schreck's vampire is archetypal not because Tobe  Hooper's Salem's Lot tipped its hat to it but because it exemplifies all  that the Universal and Hammer representations were not. Gone are the  overtly erotic, suave and debonair trappings of the black cape and v-shaped  hairline, enter the truly demonic, satanic look which Bram Stoker had  envisioned.      Bran Castle is equally decrepit. But you can tell that the  ruins are genuine and not some prefabrication of a studio team. The archaic  crags and convoluted layout of the vampire's residence is augmented by the  direction all the way through the first 1/3rd to 1/2 of the film.   The 63  minute version (it may say 80 minute on the outside jacket) is the original  one and it's chock full of shudders. The important thing to do is to forget  about the academics of the movie (like Harker's being representative of the  young Aryan being sent to his doom)and sit back and let its imagery spill  all over you. You have to watch this about twice to 3 three times before  the true significance of this first Dracula adaptation can sink in with  you. Future versions can't hold a candle to it (except for Herzog's 1979  remake).      My only gripe would be with von Wangenheim's portrayal of  Harker (Hutter) as he is never really vampirised in the 2nd half of the  film. I'd say the best way to discover this movie is on your own. Don't  listen to anyone before you see it otherwise you may end up with false  expectations. It's a great film but you need to find that out on your own.  I'm only writing this to guide prospective takers on the correctness of  their choice.      Save watching it for late night weekend viewing because  it really has the potential to haunt you. The fact that it's a silent adds  to the terror in that the characters are deadened by a grainy,  shadow-poisoned, black-and-white bubble.     Well worth it on all counts,  especially for generation Xers to stumble upon. Our great-grandparents'  generation had it sussed with scare cinema.
B00000K19E|5.0|Which shall it be? The RED or the BLUE?<br />Hummm... Still undecided.<br />Well, everyone has his or her own opinion about \\"how good\\" something is. The question isn't, do I like the movie. The question is. Is  it worth buying?<br />I had the same question BUT the movie wasn't available  for public purchase yet. I had friends that were able to see the movie on  the opening night. The following evening they dragged me out to see it.  This was a movie I already had full intentions in seeing, so there was very  little persuading involved. After I saw that movie, I purchased the Matrix  the next time I fired up my computer... about two months before it was to be  released for sale. Yes, I waited almost two months for it.<br />Is it worth  buying?<br />Everyone at work that \\"borrowed it seems to think so\\" All my  friends \\"borrowed it\\" eventually give it back.<br />Is it worth buying? Yes, I  think it is.<br />Besides if for any off the wall reason you don't like it. It  would make a great gift.<br /> ;o}
630526323X|5.0|I first saw this in the summer of 1987 on Channel 4 here in England. I was 13 years old and the movie's dark lasciviousness left such a deep  impression upon me that I followed the tape for years like a bounty hunter.     I finally got the opportunity to buy both the English and the German  version from Amazon this year and awaited their arrival with extreme  anticipation. Herzog's reworking of the FW Murnau silent is like heroin for  the eyes. This film transcends definition in that it is a movie made of a  movie and not made for actors per se. You can tell this by the suppressed  use of dialogue (hence giving rise to the ease Herzog had in making 2  entirely different language versions using separate film sessions).     The  chills are entirely implicit. What does come out is the delicious  photography which Herzog fuses well with an ethereal soundtrack from Popol  Vuh, Wagner and some Messe opera at the end. Ganz is the perfect victim  because he is so soft-spoken and wide-eyed. Adjani is a luscious foil for  Kinski, whose erotic appeal comes out in tragic spurts near the end. We  through, accentuated by Herzog's anachronistic camera lens and the terror  mushrooms in the subconscious which gives rise to a longer term type of  disquiet.       The mummies in the intro. add intensity to the story. We're  taken from that crypt to the happy breakfast table of the Harkers in the  space of a minute, like a tooth being jerked back and forth before it is  wrenched out of the gum.         The best part of the film has to be the  journey to Castle Dracula. There is so much expectation loaded in there.  The imagery conjured by the Gypsy warnings at the campfire creates an  apprehension the size of a planet while the mountain lines and jagged caves  of Harker's final leg of the journey give rise to something even larger.  You can feel the warmth of civilization in the campfire flames. When you  juxtapose that with the howling wolves and the oppressive night both inside  and outside Castle Dracula, your sense of safety becomes highly polarised.       Herzog used a blue filter for the Castle shots and this adds a  heaviness in feel which has to be seen to be appreciated. His technique  overall with the camera is pure wizardry. For him, 'Nosferatu' was a homage  piece but, ironically, it exudes a beautifully cold type of anti-energy  which he failed to capture with any of his other works, including 'Aguirre'  and 'The Glass Blower', both being in the specter vein.      For some  reason, the remake has been murdered by professional reviewers for years.  It's been termed 'mediocre' and the like but I believe those early  reviewers lacked something. Perhaps it was the dichotomy between the reign  of slasher films and 'Nosferatu' which gave them a hard time. I'll wager  many of them wrongly had the film mentally pigeon-holed as purely being  horror before the cinema curtain fell aside and were disappointed.  Prejudice is an evil thing in this case as you need to let the movie soften  you. After all, you can't give scope to something which goes beyond all  scope.       Better than the 1922 original? No; not better, but definitely  a makeover of it which would have brought a tear to Murnau's eye for sure.  One thing is certain, though. Both 'Nosferatu' versions blow the Universal,  Hammer and all others (including the 1992 super-hyped F.F.C. version) right  out of the water. This vampire is the one Stoker must surely have seen. No  slick hair with a v-shape hairline, velvet cape or parody-deserving  suaveness. Kinski reanimates the demonology Schreck first tapped while  creating a perverse sexuality that is so implicit it is more erotic than  anything overt. The vampyre is a satanic Dorian Gray, except it's painting  is the earth in its coffin.     I'd recommend watching this late at night.  That sounds cliched but is necessary because the camera-work is so  soporific that it will play tricks on your subconscious in your slumber  hours. While you watch late at night, you will feel sleepy. Herzog works  his magic by lulling his viewers with mesmerism, almost prepping us for  Kinski to stick his head through the screen and bite our necks once we're  suitably catatonic.         Heroin for the soul as well as the eyes. This  film deserves a far, far better fate than that which it has suffered lying  in its cannisters for close to 15 years. Never seen on legal video before  and with only a few prints made for television through the 1980's, I think  what adds to the film's 'homecoming' is the fact that it is a true fetish  member of that clique, I shall leave you with two words of advice. Number  German versions as well as the original 1922 silent. Number two is watch  one of them every Saturday and Wednesday night and just see how enriched  your spirit will become.
0784011796|4.0|This is definitely for non-mainstream tastes (i.e., if you thought Truman Show was good, you'll hate this movie).  The music is GREAT (Orbital is one of my favorites), the visuals are hypnotic, and the story is quite  thought-provoking.  Ignore the nay-sayers below (worst movie ever?  I think  not.), this is a unique, interesting movie!
B000005J56|3.0|As an avid Cuban music collector I was excited by the reviews, but disapointed after listening to the recording.  The sound is fair, but lacks the &quot;son&quot; of past great Cuban perfomers such as Blanca Rosa Gil,  Benny More, Celeste Mendoza, Nico Mambiela, Trio La Rosa, and the great  Trio Matamoros.  The Buena Vista &quot;boys&quot; grew up hearing these  great Cuban musicians of the '40 and '50s, which strongly influenced their  own music. Overall, the recording is fine. I suggest listening to  &quot;Esto Era Cuba Chaguito&quot;, &quot;Guajira y Son&quot;,  &quot;Cubanisimas Vol.1&quot;, &quot;Cuba L.A.&quot;, &quot;Son de  Cuba&quot;, &quot;Matancera Romantica&quot;, and &quot;Guajiras - Los  Violines de Prego&quot;.
6303972810|5.0|My family loved this movie.  We want to buy it in DVD.  Every time we watch it, we find something new to laugh about.  Mr. Howard, we want a sequel.
1573225517|5.0|Nick Hornby's narrative style is wonderful in this story of a record shop owner and his rather pathetic love life.  Hornby uses some great analogies on par with Rupert Thomson.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Carlos still has it...he's teamed up with other soon to be greats...and one or two older greats.  I can't help dancing when I hear Smooth!
0440178002|5.0|I'm so glad my boyfriend got me to read this book. It helped me so much when I later lived in Tokyo, and gave me insight into the woman who became my dearest friend on earth, Yoneko Fukuda. Clavell so expertly weaves  romance, adventure and intrigue it was hard to believe that he was actually  referring to real events (the character Toronaga is actually Ieyasu  Tokugawa who built a dynasty that would last 250 years until the coming of  Matthew Perry in 1853).  It was men such as Blackthorne who helped  establish the English as the naval power they later became. <br /> As a  Mexican, I was particularly amused by his references to the  &quot;dung-eating Spaniards&quot;, and also the arrogant and corrupt ways  of the Portuguese Jesuits.  Also intriguing is how Mariko never quite  wholly converted to Catholicism, reminding Blackthorne that she would  always be Japanese first.  This attitude has never changed through the  centuries since.  At first, the Samurai seem like murderous butchers, but  one must always remember to place things in context. Surely every culture  must have periods in its history they are not proud of (remember how the  white man forcibly conquered both Mexico and North America and left a  &quot;trail of tears&quot;), but also note that there are both heroes and  villains among the Samurai.  It was very important for Japan's later  development (free from European direct influence and corruption) that  Toronaga (Tokugawa) was successful in driving the &quot;Christian  barbarian&quot; from his land, otherwise Japan would likely not be so  prosperous today. <br /> So, anyway, enjoy this book both as a great novel and  as an historic document, albeit with fictional characters.
1569382603|5.0|I have felt inclined to express my views on this box set since i purchased it.  I have studied thes topics for over 5 years now.  And with this video series it has given me a great visualization of subjects that i have only  been able to read about.  I want to further extend my thanks to the authors  for there dedication in keeping the world informed, on a subject that has  many opinions.  I recommend this video to anyone.  I have leant my videos  to many people now and the reviews are the same.  It has open the minds of  the sceptics i have encountered in my discussions.  I also look anxiously  forward to any sequels that may continue such a mysterious and intriguing  subject.  These videos are for everyone!  Do yourself a favor and become a  part of the experience.  It has given me much motivation to study more and  understand. My deepest thanks again to the authors and producers!
B000002J20|5.0|I'm tired of some of these fools who bash this album.  They have no idea what they are talking about.  This album is a high point in the history of music, and anyone with a little patience understands this.<br />There is a  well written book written by a well known theologist and composer by the  name of Thomas J. Mosbo.  It is called &quot;Yes, But What Does It Mean?:  Exploring The Music Of Yes.&quot;  In it, he describes, in detail, the  whole concept (thematically, musically, lyrically, etc.) of &quot;Tales  From Topographic Oceans,&quot; as well as many of their other major works.   He also gives his rating of each album, with &quot;Tales From Topographic  Oceans&quot; justifiably topping it off. If you are a Yes fan, or just a  fan of fine music, I strongly advise you to get this book. &quot;Yes - But  What Does It Mean?: Exploring the Music of Yes.&quot; Copyright 1994,  Thomas J. Mosbo. Wyndstar, 824 Neumann Court, Milton, WI 53563. Library of  Congress Catalog Card Number: 93-93672.
B000000WJ2|3.0|The unimaginative title is the only bland element of this album.  Along with Mick's simultaneous Wandering Spirit, a surprisingly vital collection--more mood- and groove-oriented than his bandmate's, but with  consistently interesting lyrics and a melodic sense befitting one half of a  great songwriting pair.  Amazing in its spareness and how little Keef cares  to dominate--most tracks begin with only a drumbeat, and Waddy Wachtel  plays most of the leads.  Could have used another hi-octane number like  999--surprisingly, that's more the Jags department now.  Much more  well-conceived and produced than the spotty (and unimaginatively titled)  Talk is Cheap.<br />Note to Kevin, re 999 (e-mail no longer visible): He uses  this lyrical style often, popping out phrases that gradually accumulate  into a theme which remains slippery.  Something about $, drugs, and social  class, rather than the sap he often croaks about.  I think it should be  spelled &quot;$9.99.&quot;  Then again, they seem to be singing  &quot;99.&quot;  I don't think it's meant to be too clear--all the better  (unlike, say, Saint of Me)!
B000009QPG|5.0|The intensity of this masterpiece is felt from the very first track, War Ensemble. This track is  proof that Slayer is a band with a never-say-die attitude, with the explosive force of a war machine. Seasons in the Abyss  is, lyrically, a very graphic album which focusses on the violent facts of  life such as serial killings, politically driven massacres and gang wars.  Best tracks include War Ensembe, Hallowed Point and Seasons in the Abyss.
B000023VR6|4.0|In Dr. Dre's newest Hip-hop classic, you see a huge transformation since his The Chronic release. This album has classic Dre beats that will keeping you bumping in the new year. Check out track numbers 4, 7, 10, and 11 for  some of the best songs on the album. My only complaint about the album is  his featured artists. Some are reused a lot and I personally feel that more  artists would have contributed a better feel to the album. Nevertheless, go  buy this album!
0812932293|5.0|Yes, you can be successful in business without being a stuffed shirt or tyrant.  Branson examplifies the American Dream.  Here you have a swashbuckling individual who bucks the system and lands on top in every  endevour he chooses, not to mention a few lasses along the way.
B000002LGW|5.0|I have been a huge Depeche follower for the last 17 years. This double CD is packed full of some of their greatest work ever: Master and Servant, Somebody, Stripped, Blasphemous Rumours, the list just keeps on going. Excellent CD layout, very informative and cool (for lack of a better term). This CD is for any fan who loves Depeche or for anyone who (if there is anybody) has never heard them and wants to see what they're all about.
0671027344|1.0|I hated this book. It's very disturbing and makes it seem like all teenagers are sex maniacs, drug addicts, and were sexually abused as children and later suffer personality twists and weird mental collapses as  a result. Don't buy it: go burn your money instead, it will put the cash to  better use.
0060977493|1.0|The book was basically 90% descriptive and 10% story. I don't like reading a 10 page description of a flower.  But, maybe that's just me.
0671510991|5.0|Kissinger has written an absolutely superb overview of the United States international entanglements. After reading this book through twice I use it as a reference book for college. Clear, concise, entertaining writing that isn't bogged down. I cannot praise the book enough. <br />The text is NOT academic and is very readable for all. To clear up the often foggy histories of many of the conflicts we have known or read in text books, read Kissinger.
0553108034|5.0|Reading through some of the reviews posted about this book I was upset but at the same time in agreeance with the reviewers.  I WAS initially surprised at the language and sex scenes portrayed in the novel.  I hadn't  encountered that in many other fantasy novels. Katharine Kerr includes some  but they are more inventive and funny than offensive.  Not to say that  GRRM's use is offensive, however.  It was refreshing almost to have an  accurate portrayal of a kingdom vying for control of the throne by using  some occasional swear words.  We all know that those words were'nt invented  for the '90s so people must have used them in GRRM's world also.  As to the  sex, its out there and its rampant!  To not include it in one form or  another in this type of story would leave out one very important key: the  falibility of human kind.  You can't have perfect characters set in this  type of environment.  the two just would not mesh.
630562285X|5.0|AWESOME MOVIE.  Great story line,great action and an extremely wonderfull Zeta Jones.GO BUY IT NOW.
0553573403|5.0|Reading through some of the reviews posted about this book I was upset but at the same time in agreeance with the reviewers.  I WAS initially surprised at the language and sex scenes portrayed in the novel.  I hadn't  encountered that in many other fantasy novels. Katharine Kerr includes some  but they are more inventive and funny than offensive.  Not to say that  GRRM's use is offensive, however.  It was refreshing almost to have an  accurate portrayal of a kingdom vying for control of the throne by using  some occasional swear words.  We all know that those words were'nt invented  for the '90s so people must have used them in GRRM's world also.  As to the  sex, its out there and its rampant!  To not include it in one form or  another in this type of story would leave out one very important key: the  falibility of human kind.  You can't have perfect characters set in this  type of environment.  the two just would not mesh.
6304117272|5.0|In the future this film, just as Gone With The Wind and others should be labeled a Classic.  Of all the movies I have seen and puchased in the last 10 years, this is one of my favorites.  Because it combines real acting  ability with special effects. It's hard today to find a film that does  that. When they put put back the cut sceens it made it a better film. My  family are movie fanatics, so all of us have one of these.
B000000W6F|5.0|Their debut, released on the heels and in the shadow of Nirvana's Nevermind, it too helped ring in the alt-rock new year, but it was better: slashing where the granddaddy was plodding, inventive where it was  abrasive, composed where it was runny-nosed, dynamic where it was  cataclysmic. The album began with the most satisfying side of hard rock in  twenty years -- &quot;I Am One,&quot; &quot;Siva&quot; and  &quot;Rhinoceros&quot; were towering, imperial guitar manifestos; then  &quot;Bury Me&quot; turned them all on their heads. From there, the rest  was quiet by comparison, but beautiful, hypnotic, passionate. It was so  good that, when it finally found ears, a year or so later, it caught nearly  everyone by surprise, and it's still shocking. Album of the Nineties.
B000002H70|5.0|The Cure is a band that is breathtaking with every album.  This one though, is just the best.  I think that this is where a music collection should start for everybody.  Definately a classic.
B00001PE4D|4.0|Beautiful actors, amazing clothing and a perfect setting. New York City, is the location of this film. The whole time this film gives you drama, comedy, romance and action (well some action).Sara, Ryan, joshua and selma  make a divine cast. My complements to the makers.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana is like wine he gets better as he ages Supernatural is the best cd i heard in a long time  i liked   a few cuts from  Sacred Fire  but Supernatural  takes the cake.  I can't get enough i take it everywhere with  me .  I called relatives back home in Dallas and wanted to share wth them  as well. We all may just be  hearing     Love of my Life   in alot of  weddings  the summer of 2000 it is a very beautiful song along with the  rest of the songs.  I like all the the songs on this  cd and if if you  understand  spanish listen to  Corazon Espinado and if you don't understand  ask someone it's also nice. The combonation of artist was a great touch.
0374172897|2.0|Cunningham's pastiche of Woolf is wonderfully written and I enjoyed re-reading many pieces. Yet the vision it presents of those who lead a literary life is one of fretful anxiety.  We are told that the contemporary  Clarissa is happy, but we never feel this happiness.  We do, however, feel  everybody's fretfulness and unhappiness.  There are two suicides in the  book (Woolf and a dying contemporary poet); a third will occur in  &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; when Virginia Woolf finishes it; and a fourth (by  a woman who is reading &quot;Mrs Dalloway&quot; is attempted off-stage.   This is an attentuated view of life:  Those who read &amp; write are full  of despair.  Life is a burden.  This may not be the message the author  intended, but I can't escape the implication that parents should steer our  children out of books and into football. Many of the reviewers seem to find  in the book an affirmation of life because the survivors soldier on.  Given  its high suicide rate, this seems grasping at straws.  To me, the author  does not come to terms with the more basic question of why the suicides  were unable themselves to soldier on.   I suspect this is because he became  too taken up with pastiching Woolf.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana is like wine he gets better as he ages Supernatural is the best cd i heard in a long time  i liked   a few cuts from  Sacred Fire  but Supernatural  takes the cake.  I can't get enough i take it everywhere with  me .  I called relatives back home in Dallas and wanted to share wth them  as well. We all may just be  hearing     Love of my Life   in alot of  weddings  the summer of 2000 it is a very beautiful song along with the  rest of the songs.  I like all the the songs on this  cd and if if you  understand  spanish listen to  Corazon Espinado and if you don't understand  ask someone it's also nice. The combonation of artist was a great touch.
B000002G7G|2.0|It seems to me that a large part of Velvet Underground's cult fame and mystique comes from the fact that these guys can't play well.<br />Lou Reed can't sing worth a nickel.  Period.  He talk-sings his way through most  songs, and when he does try to actually sing, it's a pathetic attempt.  Mo  Tucker's voice is also a joke on the song that she sings.  The songs are  all 2 or 3-chord repetition, the guitars are frequently out of tune, and  Tucker can't keep a steady beat to save her life.<br />So somehow, bands that  (1) can't play, (2) sing about the sleazier side of life, and (3) get  ignored -- sometimes rightly -- by the public, somehow these bands rise to  legendary status.  Makes you wonder where people's values are.
0312853238|5.0|I could not put the book down. It is a real page-turner.   I've never read a book with so much intensity.  This is the first science fiction book that I have enjoyed, and it will not be the last. I am looking forward to  reading other Orson Scott Card books.
6303477259|5.0|This is THE MOST SPECTACULAR ROCK SHOW caught LIVE ON VIDEO!  Two questions: A&gt; When is this GEM coming out on DVD? B&gt; Who needs Roger?
0792838084|5.0|When I saw this movie I had no idea who Isabella Rossallini was but as soon as I saw her there was no possible doubt in my mind who her mother was. Well this film is not Casablanca but I keep it on the same shelf.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you have a stereo receiver with dolby digital capability and a good dvd player this movie is a must for your collection.  Visually stunning and with the dolby 5.1 absolutely like being in the middle of the action.  A  perfect gift for Christmas.
B000002TPS|5.0|This Megadeath album was the first one I listened to and I can tell you it won't be the last coz this one is brilliant.<br />Ok the singer's voice is a bit rusty but the music is GREAT I CAN TELL YOU FROM EXPEREINCE ONCE YOU  HAVE LISTENED TO IT YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO STOP
6303921248|5.0|When you're a Jane-junkie, you approach these things with caution and extreme scepticism. With most adaptations of her work, I generally find myself turning off the set after a few excrutiating minutes. NOT SO with  this production. It is beautifully made. The actors are well-suited to  their roles, the editing is just right, and nothing jars the viewer. Like  the book, it's tasty the 2nd, 3rd, or even 10th time around!
B000002NJS|5.0|You can not go any further without buying this album. Whether or not you have been a fan of the most influential woman in music, you must have this  album. Madonna's voice is beyond beautiful. She takes you an a journey from  up tempo dance\techno tracks to powerful, heart-wrenching ballads. It is a  true experience. You will not be disappointed and you will not be able to  stop listening. You can never go wrong with Madonna. Buy copies for  yourself and for everone you know.
B000002INJ|5.0|This is an extremelly metal album. It contains many a true metal song and some very funny material indeed. Songs like 'The crown and the ring'. 'Kingdom come' and 'Heart of steel' are not only very metal but crack me up  every time. I do not know whether Manowar intended these songs to be funny,   but my friends and I think they are riotous. The heavier songs on this  album are top notch especially the title track, which also has very funny  lyrics like:<br /> 'Manowar, Manowar, Living on the road.    When we come to  town, speakers explode!'<br />Wheels of fire, Hail and Kill and Blood of the  kings are all excellent HEAVY METAL. Joey's bass solo 'Sting of the  bumblebee' proves once again that he is one of the best bass players EVER,  he's up there with Steve Harris and Billy Sheehan. I will warn you, ' The  warriors prayer' is not a song, it is a story. Having said that it is a  very funny and cheesy story filled with Manowar's trademark imagery.  'Pleasure slave' is the only song on this album that I don't really like.  It is  funny in a rather politically incorrect way, but it is too sexist  for my liking. Political incorrectness as displayed by bands like Jackyl  and WASP can be very funny indeed but this isn't.<br />Overall this is an  extremely metal album and you are going to buy it! Go on, click the 'Add to  shopping cart button'!
B000023VR6|5.0|Now I must admit. I hate rap. In fact i am into the punk rock. but i, out of whim, purchased   Chronic 2.  And i absolutely love it i have listened to it every time im in my car (and that is quite a bit) and i think the  reason i like it is because it has the same attitude as my bands (crass,  conflict, rudimentary peni) and that attitude is ignore the system and live  for yourself
0393317552|1.0|OK Diamond has thought out his innovative theory and produced a rather serious book. But it is very clear to me that he  completely fails in explaning &quot;the fate of human societies&quot;. Many previous reviewers  have already mentionned many  important factors (culture, religion, etc.)  he did not (or hardly) bother to consider, so I do not need to rehash this.  I will  however mention a very important factor that has not been so much  mentionned in other reviews: the genetic, racial factor.  For this I refer  to Levin's book Why Race Matters (and alternatively to Duke's My Awakening.  Duke is less scientific, but is  book is cheaper and easier.) <br />Another  aspect of the book, and the most disturbing for me, is that he chides the  West and praises the alleged superiority of  the aboriginal people (which  Darwin used to call a &quot;savage race.&quot;) But I will simply expose  the falsity of his beliefs on this  issue by pointing at Diamond's own life  and at the migration flows. If the aboriginal civilization is superior, why  didn't  Diamond stay with them, why did he move back to the West? Because  the West is far more superior. How is it that no  westerners wants to  emigrate to underdevelopped countries, but that the contrary is true? I  think it clear that Diamond is  wrong, but if he was right I know a nice  job for him: let him work for the anti-immigration administration, and  convince all  those who came from the third world to go back to their  countries, and let him preach to the people in the third world that  they  are better off than we are, and should not try to emigrate. But I doubt he  would have much success.
B00001ZT0K|4.0|Here's a couple of Uriah Heep songs that didn't get much air play but are good songs. If I were a D.J. and was mixing up some music to play I'd throw &quot;On The Rebound&quot; right in between the Stones &quot;Start Me  Up&quot; and Bruce Springsteen's &quot;Born In The USA&quot; to get things  going.
B00000DGUG|5.0|unfortunately the lovely alanis has caught a rep from her from her first cd. because of it none of my friends will believe me when i say that this is the best cd i heard in '98. i think that alanis more than proves herself  as a musical-poet in this one. just one note of caution, you can't just  listen to one of the songs on this cd, you have to listen to it all the way  through to truly experience it.
B00000I8NC|2.0|Must confess to disappointment; this sounded like a record I would like.  Well, they have a great name, and the artwork on the CD is really cool.  However, the music itself, while tastefully done, is surprisingly  unremarkable. Just because this type of thing has been done before doesn't  mean that makes it bad. What makes it bad is that it has been done better  and more compellingly before.  Pink Floyd, Mercury Rev, and to a degree the  Flaming Lips have created much finer &quot;orchestral&quot; soundscapes.  The antisocial rantings that float through the music grow very tiresome  with repeated listenings, and do little to inspire any feeling whatsoever.  I appreciate the attempt to make a statement about millennial  paranoia/angst, but would like more than one statement per record, you  know? Not worth the money!
0440219078|4.0|Lois Lowry`s &quot;The Giver&quot;is a very interesting book.We had read it in School and analysed it. We find out that the novel is sometimes difficult to understand for the reader,because the author often uses abstract words and we didn`t nothing about the future like this.I find the  book fantastic , because you get knowledge how the life could be in the  future. You can take  part the main persons life.But I think that the end  of the book doesn`t fit the story. So we write a new end about the new life and feelings of  Jonas.
B00000K19E|3.0|So, having trouble understanding the &quot;Matrix&quot;?  Let me try to assist you in your clouded view.  The Matrix is not a film about computers.  Nor is it a film about guns and violence.  Nor is it even a film about the  future.  First, erase any of these notions from your mind, and we'll start  from there.  The matrix is a film about the human race finding an energy  within themselves that will allow us maximum results from our measley  existence.  An inner 'God' if you will.  To understand the meaning behind a  film with such a vast vision, one must be able to step outside himself (as  when the film's characters went back to the spaceship) and see a world  beyond the tangible one we live in.  The film is rife with psychological  meanderings which culminate in Neo's visit to the oracle.  If you'll  remember the oracle asks Neo (in so many words) if he thinks he is  &quot;the one&quot;.  Neo says &quot;no&quot;.  Had Neo said yes, then he  would've surely been recognized as the one.  It's simple: everyone is  &quot;the one&quot;! and the theatrical fact that there was a race of  machines smarter than ourselves, which created the world we see and feel  while really hiding their true agenda is a fantastic metaphor for finding  that space within ourselves that can allow us to 'bend spoons' mentally.   And to have the world on a string.  The action in the movie serves to keep  you focused on plot.  Now, having read this review, watch the film again  and understand it's true meaning.
0440219078|4.0|&quot;The Giver&quot; is a very originel and exciting story.We read the book in our English-lesson and I have to say that I really enjoyed it! A life without any feelings or memories of the past is an excelent theme for  a (children's)book! In my opinon her writing-style is simple and good  understandable,without foreign words,which is typical of children's  books.Her usage contains some extraordinary words like  &quot;Receiver&quot;,&quot;Giver&quot;,&quot;Sameness&quot;,&quot;Elsewhere&quot;or&quot;Family  unit&quot;.Makeing use of these she builds up her (and also the  reader's)&quot;futur-world&quot;, which is very best explaind. The story is  pretty exciting because of the strange atmosphere of a life without  feelings or emotions,a lot of rules/regulations and the rise of Jonas's  behavior the more he knows about the past. There are some highpoints, f.ex.  the videotape of Jonas's father killing the babies or the  warfar-ememory,which lead to the &quot;real climax&quot;,that is Jonas's  and Gabriel's flight out of the community.This rise shows that Jonas's  character changes in the story.
0446525537|5.0|This book is guaranteed to bring tears to your eyes. It is a touching portrayal of true love.
0440219078|4.0|Lowrys book about the future is very fascinating,       because it shows very realistically what a future society  might be like. It is written very easy, so that someone like me, a stupid pupil from Germany, can easily understand it. The first part, in which the community is described, is a  little bit boring, but after chapter eight it is very impressive and  interesting. I can only recommend the book,which I read at school, because  it allows a completely different look at our society and shows what it  might be like in the time to come.
B000001E7T|5.0|This is a very funny album. First of all, it pretty much abandons everything previously done on albums like, &quot;Dry,&quot; and, &quot;Rid of Me,&quot; and gives us so much more. It rocks and wails. It can curdle  your blood even when she is hardly singing above a whisper. There are even  one or two duds on this album, like, &quot;I Think I'm A Mother,&quot; but  that song is over powered by power houses like, &quot;C'mon Billy,&quot;  &quot;Teclo,&quot; &quot;Down By the Water,&quot; and, &quot;The  Dancer.&quot; Thank you, PJ Harvey, for the most brilliant album of the  90's
0440219078|4.0|Lois Lowry's novel &quot;The Giver&quot; deals with the prolems which a perfect world -one without pain, hunger or diseases- might cause. I think that this is the most provoking book I have ever read. With echoes of &quot;Brave New World&quot;, Lowry examines the idea that people might  freely choose to give up their humanity in order to create a more stable  society. The story is skillfully written and the theme of balancing the  values of freedom and security is convincingly presented. Lois Lowry steps  beyond the limits of the life we know and develops new concepts never   thought of before. Skillfully she brings the latter into the reader's mind.
0393312836|5.0|Brilliance. Burgess' text will grasp you from the very beginning, from when Alex starts his mystery tour to when he drops you off at the end.<br />You feel attached to the text instantly as Alex and his gang start  on their evenings work. Great start to the book, which you can, and will,  read over and over again.<br />The slight drop in standard for me was during  the third section. Although it is almost compulsory to be there, it seems  to drag out slightly. It is nauseous - yet interesting - to know that he  gets treated in a rough way, as he may have treated somebody else.  <br />Towards the end, somehow the disgust I feel for Alex during the opening  chapters, turns to pity through sorrow.<br />A Clockwork Orange has the best  ending I have read, to top off the finest book I have ever read.<br />A  stunning and original use of languages and an enthralling structure, which  describes and educates an extremely a morbid subject.
0440219078|4.0|Lowrey's &quot;The Giver&quot; deals with the story about the 12 years old boy Jonas.In a perfect world with no crime, poverty and feelings, Jonas is choosen to be the &quot;Receiver Of Memories&quot;. An old man, called the Giver, transmits his memories to Jonas,  who discovers the truth about the  utopian world and its hypocrisy. In my opinion everyone should read the  book, because it is very interesting to see what a society can be like.And  also Lowry's ideas, how the society is characterized, are very interesting.
B000002HPT|4.0|At last Dream Theater made a CD who shows all their virtuosity and versality, but did it in an enjoyable way! Fantastic rock / metal albun, full of great tunes, master musicianship, extremely well produced.
0440219078|3.0|Lois Lowry's &quot;The Giver&quot; is about a world without emotions and truth and about Jonas, a twelve-year-old boy who lives inside this world. He is chosen to be the &quot;Receiver of Memory&quot; and works together  with &quot;The Giver&quot; to reveal the truth about their existence.  Lois  Lowry's style is not too difficult to read and the links are easy to  understand. However, she knows how to present a book, in which she wants to  make people think about themselves and the world around them but is never  getting boring. By writing the book in that way she creates a wide  readership and does not stay on a small group where the age chooses the  reader. The book deals with an interesting idea of moral and ethic and  tries, from my point-of-view, to stimulatepeople to think again and not  only live their lives but also look to the left and the right and the rest  of the world and the rest of each ones own world. When everyone knows what  happens around, things cannot change without the choice of the people.                     In fact, the first parts of the  book are far too unexciting  and unsurprising but around the 12th chapter, the book becomes more and  more a psychological one with deeper meanings. For myself, it is a book  which is a must-read but more than something to beat a bored evening.                    The Miracle
B000000H3W|2.0|THe first song is horrible, the rest has some good moments (if you like speed-of-light metal). That's all.
0440219078|4.0|Lois Lowry's novel &quot;The Giver&quot; was written in 1994. Being a great book, &quot;The Giver&quot; won the prestigious Newbery Medal &quot;for the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children&quot;. It is about a future-world in which feelings and emotions  have been abolished. Only the &quot;Receiver of Memory&quot; has them.  Jonas, a twelve year old boy, is to become the next Receiver. During his  training  he finds out about the dark secrets that underlie the apparent  harmony of his world. The novel is devided into 23 chapters. The language  used by the author is often very easy to understand and not to formal. All  in all it is a book for everyone.
B000002V0Q|5.0|Theres no other rating to give this albun but 5-stars, if youre really a true metal fan. This is the second Megadeth albun with Marty Friedman aboard, and it rocks, with great lyrics, astonishing riffs, power,  coehesion, everything Megadeth is known for.
0440219078|4.0|Jonas, the twelve-year old boy lives in the future.It is a world without pain, neediness and risk.Jonas gets the new &quot;Receiver of Memory. He gets memories from the old Receiver and he sees the world with another view. As Jonas is not able to live in this world any more without changing  the society he and his stepbrother Gabriel run out of the community.The  author makes dear that the perfect world the people think they live in is a  well-organized &quot;dictorship&quot; as there is no freedom of choice  which suddenly becomes so precious that the reader is forced to recognize  that something which seeems to be the most natural thing in the world is  eszential for our lives. In addition opportunity to have own memories to  make mistakes and to experience a life in which fate, catastrophes and  powers we cannot control rule suddenly has to be regarded as a present we  never really realized. The book is very interesting and easy to read.It is  very interesting to look in such a world so far in the future.The language  is the most time easy. The structure is easy and so the reader can the  actions follow.It was one of the best books I ever read.
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zeppelin IV is an epic electro-blues/hard rock masterpiece that takes the listener on a journey as well as a joyride.  From the start-stop blues-rock of Black Dog to the haunting boom of When the Levee Breaks, it's  nothing less than spellbinding--but still enough fun for a party.  It's an  album as individual as any person and as immortal as any God.  How many  bands can accomplish this in eight tracks spanning just 42-and-a-half  minutes?  That's right, only one.
0440219078|3.0|Lois Lowry`s book &quot;The Giver&quot; is very interesting.It is about a world in the future where love,pain and feelings do not exist.At the Ceremony of Twelve Jonas ,a twelve years old boy, is chosen to be the new &quot;Receiver of Memories&quot;.After this day he gets the point that life  is not so perfect like he has thought before. The book is written in  23chapters.In my opinion the first eight chapters are a little bit  boring.But after the Ceremony of Twelve in chapter      eight the storie  changes.It is very fascinating because you gets an interesting insight into  the future.I can only recommend this book,because it is very interesting  how other people think about the future.In this book the future is  discribed realistically.
0451524985|5.0|As an English-learner, it took me almost two weeks to finish this great book. But I think it deserves my time and efforts. Lawrence facinates me. His pain-staking efforts and subtlety in exploring the balance between men  and women are so touching. I hope that I could read this book again, and  appreciate more of it.
0440219078|1.0|&quot;The Giver&quot; is a novel which deals with the problems boy named Jonas who lives in a totalitarian system.I this system,the habitants are genetically manipulated so that they are not able to feel.Only the &quot;Receiver of Memories&quot; has feelings and Jonas is chosen to be the  next one. In his assignement he is able to get to know the whole truth  about their society which reveals enormous cruelties.The author employs the  third- person-point of view but she stays close to the protagonist's  perspective,so that the reader is able to identify with Jonas.The novel is  easy to read and to understand because she often uses hypotaxes.In regard  to the content and the action, the text is diaphonous and the characters do  not have uncommon personalities.I think,the novel is approciated for  younger people from about 10 to 14 years because the plot is often flat and  ordinary. So in my opinion,the text does not belong to  high-quality-literature.
6302054982|5.0|This happens to be one of the best mob movies I have ever seen. It also happens to be one my all time favorites. Ray Liotta is absolutely fabulous, Joe Pesci makes the whole movie worth while. Every actor does a wonderful  job, although I am partial to Ray Liotta. (Gotta' love those eyes)I also  find it interesting the way mob life is portrayed. It just goes to show all  &quot;good things&quot; must come to an end.  Fantastic movie.
B00001U0DP|5.0|what can you say about a movie that makes you laugh, cry and leaves you breathless.<br />Roberto plays a wonderful man capturing the heart of his princess and covering up the heartache of WW2 for his young son.<br />It is  heartwrenching to see what they went through in the concentration camps  just to make life beautiful for his young son.<br />Would recommend it to  everybody.<br />It deserved the academy awards it received if not more.
B0000028RR|5.0|This CD rocks.   I did own it but it got very scratched so now I am going to have to buy it again!  These powerful songs have funky guitar riffs and are very moshable.  The lyrics are very political and passionate....  this  CD is a must for any collection of someone who likes HEAVY stuff.  Bullet  in Your Head and Know Your Enemy will have you bouncin' round the room :o)
0385484518|2.0|While this book is somewhat engaging, and one can't help but feel an emotional connection to Morrie, it is sorely lacking in depth.  If you want a book that will help you to put your priorities in order and help you  decide what it truly important in life, may I recommend the following:   &quot;Gift of the Sea&quot; by AM Lindberg; &quot;Your Erroneous  Zones&quot; by W Dyer, &quot;The Road Less Traveled&quot; by Scott Peck,  and the New Testament
B000002C1X|5.0|UPON BUYING THE DOUBLE ALBULM,(THE WALL),AND LISTENING TO IT, YOU WILL FIND YOURSELF INTRANCED AND LISTENING TO CERTAIN SONGS OVER &amp; OVER AGAIN,(ONE OF MY FAVORITES IS ANOTHER BRICK IN THE WALL PARTS 1,2,&amp;,3).  THE ARRANGMENT OF MUSIC IS SUPURBLEY WRITTEN &amp; ARRANGED BLENDING THE  END OF ONE SONG INTO THE START OF ANOTHER,ALMOST WITHOUT YOU KNOWING IT!    THE ALBUM IS ABOUT A YOUNG MAN, (CHILD), THAT HAS LOST HIS FATHER TO THE  WAR, A VERY TRAMATIC EVENT FOR HISSELF, AND HIM TRYING TO BOND WITH THE  CLOSETS PEOPLE AROUND HISSELF, HIS SADISTIC MOTHER, OR THE ABUSIVE TEACHERS  OF SCHOOL. IN SHORT, THE STORY, MADE UP OF SONGS,IS ABOUT A CHILD GROWING  UP WITHOUT HIS FATHER, THROGHOUT LIFE SUFFERS FROM THE BAD EXPERINCE,AND  HAS A MENTAL BREAKDOWN. THE WHOLE STORY FROM START TO FINISH,IS SET IN  WORDS AND MUSIC THAT ONE CAN RELATE TO IN ONE WAY OR ANOTHER. THE ALBULM  LEAVES YOU WANTING MORE. ALSO CHECK OUT, &quot;DARKSIDE OF THE  MOON&quot;,&quot;ANIMALS&quot;,&quot;WISH YOU WERE HERE&quot;,&quot;A  SERANADE OF DANCE SONGS&quot;,  DO YOU START TO SEE A PATTERN IN THE  ALBULMS,(PERTAINING THE WAY THE WALL IS DESCRIBED HERE!
B00000J7JO|4.0|my girls and i just love this cd. my youngest daughter just goes crazy when ever she hears the song scar tissue.she recently started school and was upset she would miss the video on vh1topten countdown.Anyway, we love  it.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I really liked this album. I thought however that the rap song Do You Like the Way, was jarring after listening to the smooth flow of the previous songs. With the exception of the Everlast tune, would have preferred the  album to stick to the latin flavor of Smooth and Yaleo.
6303234844|5.0|This was the best concert I have ever seen (live) and the video recording does a great job of capturing the mood.  Even if your not a huge Peter Gabriel fan you will enjoy his &quot;show&quot;, and if you are a fan, it's  a must-own!  I only have one regret - I CAN'T GET IT ON DVD!   yet :)
155890641X|5.0|Absolutly an excellent movie. A must own for any parent. Good versus evil is superbly illustrated in this movie..
B000001ELL|5.0|This is a great album, regardless of what everyone else says. I love it. I loved it from the first time I heard it in a music store last year. It rocks! Buy it immediatley!
B000001EKX|5.0|This album rocks. I love the guitars on &quot;Let Me Go Rock And Roll&quot;. This album and Dynasty are underrated.
B00000DLVA|5.0|If you're expecting the same bubble-gum sound that made the previous Cardigans albums so wonderful, you'll be disappointed with 'Gran Turismo' - at first. Give this album a chance and you'll be spellbound by these  deliciously dark dance tunes. The Cardigans once again deliver with  humm-able, stuck-in-your-head melodies, but with a completely new edge.  'Gran Turismo' proves that as this talented band continues to stretch their  boundaries and grow artistically, the outcome will consistently be  wonderful. This album *always* makes me want to get up and dance! It is  such a favorite, my husband and I regularly fight over who gets to take it  to work!
B000002MI4|5.0|I have to be honest, When I first bought this CD, I actually bought it because of the Broadsky Quartet rather than Elvis Costello. At the time, I knew very little about him. After this CD all that changed for me. Elvis  Costello is one of the most imaginative, Dynamic singer/Songwriters out  there. This CD definately earned all five of those stars. E.C. is at his  scathingly best and the Broadsky Quartet are spot on, Musically.  Buy this  CD, You wont regret it.
0385495315|5.0|A wonderful mix of History and Computer Science.  In addition to being a great read, it clarified many encryption issues in my mind.
6305426651|5.0|I watched this movie twice this weekend and I can't get it out of my head.  The most beautiful story of a man that really knows who he is and what he wants and how even during the most difficult times, makes life beautiful to  those around him, his family, his patrons, just his life.  Every woman in  the world would love to be pursued and loved in this fashion.  This is a  must-see romantic movie of love and sorrow.
B000020617|5.0|Don't walk, run to the store and buy this CD. It is by far the best music I have heard this year. Genius.
B000020617|1.0|Me like tracks 1-3, goes down hill from there.  That about sums it up.  If you catch yourself enjoying this cd as a whole, check your tap water for drain-o content.
B00000EZTQ|5.0|Halloween 2 has to be one of the best horror films I've ever seen.  They picked the right person to play Laurie Strode.  Jamie Lee Curtis is one of my favorite actresses, and she has a talent for screaming a lot, hey I  would too if I had a brother like Michael Myers.  Donald Pleasence, Dr.  Loomis, was o.k. too, because he was the only one who knew what Michael  Myers can do.  I commend him for that.  Hey what's up with the cover, I  thought her name was JAMIE LEE CURTIS, not JAIME LEE CURTIS!
B000002NIW|2.0|Most inexperienced listeners will say they like deftones, simply because they've heard the tracks from &quot;The Crow&quot; and &quot;The Matrix&quot; sound tracks.  That's where I used to be: among the many.  Now  I'm part of the universe that has actually spent money on a real deftones  cd.  The shove it and fly away songs rock, but the rest just EATS IT.  I  could seriously make music that's just as good, although I'd have to work  on my voice for about 2 seconds.  Ha!  For those of you who have already  bought this cd, do what I did:  Ask a friend who hasn't heard very much  deftones to &quot;temporarily&quot; trade this cd for one of his/hers.   Then never give the good cd of their's back!  Mwahaha!  Just have patience,  and your time will come.
6305171769|5.0|Jamie Lee Curtis is the all time horror film actress.  What I didn't like is her change of identity from Laurie Strode to Keri Tate.  I know she was terrified of her crazy brother Michael, but it's not worth changing her  identity.  I rate it 5 stars, but the movie is WAY TOO SHORT!
B00000K19E|4.0|Despite the accent on the spectacular special effects, the plot involving a scary idea, that our reality is only a virtual reality program, is well planned with a nasty twist. Only when K. R's character uses his inherent  ability to manipulate the program in real-time do the spectacular special  effects serve their real purpose. Still, stopping bullets in mid-flight  WOW! Sometimes oppresively dark, The clarity of the imagery and the crisp  stop motion make this film a natural for the DVD transfer.
0618001905|3.0|Leopold II's acquisition and ruthless exploitation of the Congo as a personal fief was an undertaking that was simultaneously epic and squalid. Untold hundreds of thousands of Africans - perhaps even millions, the  statistics are uncertain - died under conditions of the most appalling  suffering to satisfy this egomaniac's greed. Worse still, the whole callous  process, which descended at times into orgiastic sadism, was aided and  abetted by a range of administrators, business interests and even  missionaries. Leopold dominates the narrative, a malign, hypocritical and  wealth-obsessed spider at the centre of a vast web of his own making, busy  until the last in creating schemes of breath-taking ambition and of true,  unadulterated evil, never visiting the lands he made a hell, never  glimpsing the wretches whose lives he ruined. Villains outnumber the heroes  in the story by a substantial margin, and the efforts of the magnificent  trio of E.D. Morel, Roger Casement and the shipping magnate John Holt to  expose the scandal and end the abuses were rewarded with only qualified  success. This book covers the basic facts of the story, often in a somewhat  sketchy manner, and one longs repeatedly for more detail and for imposition  of a firmer chronological sequence on the events described. The writing  lacks a real sense and feel for Africa, its landscapes and its peoples, and  indeed Thomas Packenham's treatment of the same topic in his &quot;The  Scramble for Africa&quot;, though more summary, is considerably more  convincing and rewarding. An interesting footnote is that when Irish forces  went to the Congo in 1960 as part of the UN response to the secession of  Katanga, they did so as &quot;The Casement Brigade&quot; and the airbase  near Dublin they flew out from has been known thereafter as the  &quot;Casement Airfield&quot;.  One feels that the old champion of  Congolese rights and of Irish independence would have approved fully.
B0000027RL|5.0|A modern rock standard. This is music at its finest, alternative in name only. Elemental to so many music portfolios
B000003TA4|5.0|If Kurt Cobain was still alive today or by some way he came back he would have hated seeing all these people still talking about him. He commited suicide for a reason, to end it. Dont get me wrong i love Nirvana but, Dont  keep talking about Kurt as if he was still here. It brings me back to an  interview somebody had with Grohl, He said he wasnt going to sit around and  mope about what could have been with Nirvana. He moved on why cant we?
0671867369|5.0|My father was with the 101st Airborne from the Normandy jump to Bastogne. Many times I tried to elicit information from him but he was always aloof about the war. Mr.Ambrose seems to capture and highlight the realities of  this special division. Now, with Saving Private Ryan and this book, I  understand what went on and what these brave souls had to endure. People  tend to forget and try to put the past aside but God Bless writers like  Mr.Ambrose and other like Spielberg to remind us and take a moment to say  thank you, Old Timers.
B000002KDI|5.0|&quot;Live Rust&quot; is a clearly recorded, live album that demonstrates well the beauty and diversity of Niel Young's music.  Four acustic songs start the record, and pull the listener into a state of vulnerable  melancholy.  The rest of the record rips away the unwanted aural flab, and  tengential thoughts and images are permitted as the record does not take  over, but provokes.  Niel's interesting live, spontaneous guitar subtexts,  which are often lost to some degree in live recordings, are pleasantly  apparent here.  The well controlled guitar feedback/playing that prefaces  &quot;Like a Hurricane&quot; should be given a loud volume listen.
0792139771|5.0|It seems that there are a select few who missed the entire point of the movie. For one thing, Hollywood is not in the business of producing films that have historical accuracy (Titanic, Schindler's List, Saving Private  Ryan, etc., etc., etc.). It's a business that thrives on entertaining the  general public, whether it be fictionalized or not. For those who want  historical accuracy, go rent a documentary or read a history  book.<br />Braveheart, by itself, is a dramatic work of art. It's quite  obvious that many events and characters are fictionalized and historically  inaccurate, but if viewed as a dramatic piece, it works on all levels. Sure  William Wallace was a savage butcher (as viewed by the English), but he is  no different from any man who fought for freedom throughout history (who  are rememebered as heroes today).<br />Braveheart is definitely a masterpiece,  truly one of the best of the 90s.
0062502182|3.0|The Alchemist is a wonderful fable (if I may call it that) on following your dreams without fear or hesitance. When you come to think of it, life really is that simple if you just believe and persevere. Coehlo's imagery is vivid and magical.
B00002Z88D|5.0|all you metallica fans out there, buy this cd. the orchestra does a great job, the conductor is a genius, he planned out the music perfectly, did a magnificent job just like he did with pink floyd. though not in my top 3 of  metallica albums (that's kind of hard with the black album, master of  puppets, and ride the lightning) it is a great album and a good buy.
B000002H5I|5.0|Its not often that you find a songwriter, singer, and instrumentalist with this much talent. Alot of these songs have meaning - a melody - and a style that nobody can touch. Fast car, and Baby can I hold you tonight are  probably still to this day - two of my favorite songs.
B000001GK0|4.0|Two oft-paired piano concertos are available together on this album played by one the worlds best orchestras with on of the best piano players of recent times.  This is very well recorded, with the BPO at their best  producing a very full sound.  Zimmerman plays with great feeling and  panache.  <br />However, the Schumann Concerto is sometimes uneven in parts  with the fortissimos emphasised a bit too much at times and occaisionally  Zimmerman's playing is a bit uneven especially in the third movement.  If  you want a truly superlative recording of the Schumann piece try Sir Colin  Davis' recording with the BBC Symphony Orchestra (Steven Kovacevich  piano).<br />The recording of the Grieg concerto cannot be faulted and must  represent one of the best recordings of this particular piece on CD.
B00000AFWW|4.0|Celebrity Skin is excellent album with riviting music and deep lyrics. Each song has a distinct flavor, keeping you at the edge of your seat as each song passes by. Courtney's voice is raspy and cuts deep into you with  every word she sings while ripping cords on her guitar. The softest song on  the album, &quot;Dying&quot;, is a powerfully emotional song, creating a  strong backbone for the rest album. All and all, Hole have really out done  themselves with this album, creating something strong yet soft and  emotional. Good job, Courtney.
0375804013|5.0|This was my favorite book as a child, mainly because my mother loved it so much, and she did grover's voice while she read it. I think she read it every night for years. Now, as I work with children every day, I have found  that they all love the story as much as I still do. It is a great light  hearted story that can teach a child that it is ok to be scared as long as  you don't let it control your life.
B000001OAA|5.0|Garbage's debut album is nothing less than great. The album starts with the heavy, loud rock ballad 'Supervixen' and soothes into the eerie melody 'Milk' at the album's end. Shirley's lyrics go deep into the heart and soul  of depression and love, with a sour twist. The band's quick pulsing guitar  and loud, stirring drums mix perfectly with Shirley's deep, moving voice.  From 'Vow' to 'Not My Idea', Garbage covers everything that's true and  great about rock and roll today.
0792842731|5.0|once again bond is teamed up with a woman. this woman imparticular is a chinese woman who literally kicks butt! she has the most awesome gadgets like ones  you've never seen before. james bond is trying to get a bomb back from a criminal.
0375701427|4.0|Although I just got around to reading this book, it was delightful. Roth very astutely details the outer and inner life of the second and third generation Jewish immigrant to these shores. The striving for success and  the need to blend into the general culture led Jews here to really believe  in the melting pot.. Thus the key word in American Jewish life for amny  years was melt.It was the key the operating principle. Yet in the process  most American Jews not only abandoned their culture, religion , language  (Yiddish) etnic identification, culinary arts, and values, but mocking  these ideas became part and parcel of the new American jewish civilization.  Thus Roth presents us with Sweede Levov who is Jewish in name only, no  religion, no culture, nothing marrying the former Miss New Jersey Dawn  Dwyer ,Sweede  becomes an American. Well reality sets in with his daughter  Merry and we see that America ins not only Apple pie the suburbs, sports,   middle class lifestyle, but it can be tragedy as well, like Merry blowing  up a country store  a part of American pastoral and killing one of the  Wasps in the process. Characters are finely developed and Zuckerman is here  again.  Unfortunetely for Roth his own pahetic Jewish knowledge restricts  the interplay and role of true Jewish values in this book. Yet it captures  American Jewry from 1930-1980. Worth reading.
B000002U82|5.0|WARNING: Dark Side of the Moon is in perfect sync with The Wizard of Oz. Simply put Dark Side on repeat, hit play immediately after the third MGM black and white lion roar, and turn the volume down on the movie... <br />This  album is an absolute landscape of texture and sound. The lyrics are  powerful and the moods explosive. This album is Pink Floyd.
B000001GPX|3.0|The Symphony no. 5 is the best performance that I have ever heard. There have been so many performances since the first recording of Nikish like Weingartner, Toscanini and Furtwangler. But, for the C-minor symphony, I  think this is the best for the new milenium, also. But I regret to note  that no.7 (which is usually combined in one CD with no.5), the 'Balance of  Speed' is not so good as expected. The third movement (Presto) might be  exaggerated like others.(please listen to Toscanini, Furtwanger, Bohm and  others) In that case this CD shall be 6 STAR RATED.
B00002MZ12|5.0|AMAZING, that's the word. Incredible Cd, incredible production and great sound and performances. Great new songs like 'No pressure over capuccino'.<br />Thank you ALANIS!
B000006YMN|5.0|This collection of songs definitely shines, as well as the woman singing them. A perfect combination of vocal and style. Agnetha's voice on this album is absolutely brilliant. Don't pass on this one!
B00002MZ12|5.0|AMAZING, that's the word. Incredible Cd, incredible production and great sound and performances. Great new songs like 'No pressure over capuccino'.<br />Thank you ALANIS!
630170648X|5.0|Benny and Lombard portray husband and wife Thespians in Poland when Nazi Germany mrches in.  Polish flyers in England unwittingly give information about their own families in Poland to a Nazi spy.  This information would be fatal in the hands of the Gestapo.  Benny, in an effort to get the list,  in uproarious scenes, first impersonates a German Colonel and then the spy  meeting the actual Colonel played by Sig Ruman.  Benny and the scene  chewing Ruman are fantastic together.   There's also some fun with air-boy  Robert Stack having a little fling with Lombard and seeing Benny's  expression when Stack gets his cue to vist Benny's wife is worth the price  of admission. Benny's legacy is mostly from radio and television and  because of that he is becoming a forgotten comedian.  That's a shame  because he was a genuinely funny man and this gem of a movie will show a  little bit of his genius to those unfamiliar with his work. Very Highly  Recommended!
0425170349|4.0|I definately enjoyed reading Rainbow Six but missed my favorite Clancy character, Jack Ryan. There was some references to the &quot;president&quot; but why the omission? The storyline was convoluted  enough but the thread that went from the terrorise to the save the earth  group was kind of a far stretch.  Clancy does pull the needle through and  gives the story enough glue only as he can and that made for a good read.
006016848X|4.0|I loved this book and it was very important to me. If you are Jewish (or even if you are not), and you are interested in how gender determines our lives and our history, check out Rabbi Jeff Salkin's new book, Searching  for My Brothers: Jewish Men in a Gentile World, which is available here at  Amazon.com. It is the story of how Jewish men have viewed themselves and  their world, and it tells how Judaism can help men deal with the issues  that face them -- like work, lust, and meaning. You will love it!
B000031WD8|4.0|How funny?  I was expecting a fairly run of the mill teen flick.  All the folks that thought Theres Something About Mary was brilliant (of which I wasn't one) said how great it was, so I watched it as much out of curiosity  - and I didn't stop laughing.  It is hardly great film making and too be  honest so much was predictable and toe curling, but it was such fun.  With  1999 being year of the teen gross out movie it is AP that will be longest  remembered and go down as a genre classic of it's time.  Very silly, very  dumb, but brilliantly crafted.   It may well be base, and the moral  minority may complain about it sex obsession, but it is really harmless  fun.  Remove your brain, get a big bag of popcorn and enjoy.
B00000K19E|3.0|A fantastic premise degenerates into a impossibly crazed shoot em up.<br />I found it a fun movie that almost touched on some poingant theories about human existance, but then decided it wanted to be about blowing stuff  up.<br />I will say that the fight coreography is up there with Ping's best  work in Hong Kong...thought often a blatant ripoff of that same work. No  problem though, most of us haven't seen it!<br />Worth a rental, and for folks  who want to show off how loud thier sub-woofer can go, worth a purchase.
6305508550|4.0|I have watched this DVD 3 times so far and it still makes me laugh everytime. I think that if you ever have a problem with the &quot;Mondays&quot;, then this is a show for you. Expecually if you are an  office person. It's very funny. And it keeps you interested. (and i'm not  and office person) You have got to see it to know what I mean!
B000002UZ4|5.0|Where shall I start - this is such a way-cool CD! It's a sin - the song that I heard on &quot;This American Life&quot; thereby making me go out and get the CD. Always on my mind - not my favorite, but intriguing to hear  this redo of an old Elvis tune; in fact, I couldn't place it until I read  the jacket cover. Left to my own devices - probably my favorite song from  this compilation, and one I don't think I'd heard before I owned the CD. So  hard - another one of my top picks, and also a new tune to me. West End  Girls- put the Boys on the map for me and just about everybody else.  Suburbia - this one keeps going through my mind; &quot;let's take the dogs  out tonight...&quot;. Jealousy - growing on me. Opportunities (let's make  lot's of money) - lot's of fun. What have I done to deserve this? - Dusty  Springfield sings with the Boys in this catchy hit. Bottom Line - a must  have for a well-rounded CD collection!
076783819X|1.0|I am absolutely stunned by the rating this movie gets.  It was absolutely horrible.  The plot required such a huge series of coincidences that its success could not have been by chance.  It did in fact require ESP.  So  many idiotic things were done by the &quot;hero(s)&quot; that it is a  wonder that they have operated toasters without killing themselves.  Its  hard to describe whats wrong with the movie without &quot;ruining it&quot;  for those who have not seen it, but one scene that is especially stupid is  when the son is seen in the back of the delivery van.  What when on there  behind the scenes?  &quot;Hey kids, we're going for a ride in a liberty  express truck today, and we're going to drive like lunatics!&quot;  This  Movie was horrible!
B00001ZULV|3.0|From Foxtrot through Wind and the Wuthering, Genesis were possibly the best art-rock band in the world, during probably the most fertile period for art-rock ever. Then, with Steve Hackett's departure, came the slow  change into a pop-oriented hit machine. What you get here, for the most  part, are the highlights of that second era. There's nothing wrong with  hits, but while this is all competent, listenable stuff, it's mostly  lightyears away from the music that inspired--and continues to  inspire--such worship from the knowing. It's not a little ironic that the  best moment on here by far is the remake of Carpet Crawlers, a track from  the golden era's &quot;Lamb Lies Down on Broadway.&quot;<br />If you doubt me,  try Trick of the Tail or Wind and the Wuthering. Or, for the more  adventurous, go to the pots of gold: Nursery Cryme, Foxtrot, Selling  England by the Pound and Lamb Lies Down on Broadway.<br />dap
014028009X|4.0|This was such a relatable book. I laughed within the first 4 pages. I could easily see myself in these situations.
B00001U03Q|2.0|There's no doubt that Eric Clapton is one of the best pop guitar players of the recorded era. Nor can there be any denying that at the height of his first era popularity, the music he recorded was also first rate. But in the  mid '70's Eric tasted gold with a series of mid-tempo tasteful but  frequently less than tasty albums, which served as a template for all that  has come since. Though an occasional flash of brilliance shines through,  the '80s and '90s music documented here makes for better dinner party  wallpaper and beer commercials than anything else. Perhaps worst of all is  the lifeless acoustic remake of Layla, which sucks all the life out of the  raging original. In the end, this music is not offensive. Which, when you  think about it, coming from someone with Clapton's obvious talents, is in  itself offensive.<br />dap
B0000020T3|5.0|The Groovies are one of THE BEST never-heard-of-em power-pop groups out there, and this release was both their best effort and one of the finest examples of power-pop-ery you'll ever find.<br />IF YOU LOVE BIG STAR, CHEAP  TRICK OR TEENAGE FANCLUB [AND HAVE NEVER HEARD OF THESE GUYS], TRUST ME AND  THE OTHER GUYS HERE. IT'S A GUARANTEED, NO-DISAPPOINT BUY THAT WON'T LEAVE  YOUR PLAYER FOR SOME TIME.
6300274268|2.0|Alice in Wonderland&quot; was not all that great, and the movie stands as the worst thing Disney studio has  ever turned out. The characters are the most unsympathetic, nasty, insane  bunch ever gathered together, and that includes our heroin. You never feel  like anyone in this movie is worthy of our support. The score is not that  great, the script lacking a basic storyline, and some aspects of this movie  really make the whole thing seem like a drug trip (and a bummer at that).  Only the remarkable Ed Wynn, Jerry Colona, and their marvelous  &quot;Unbirthday Song&quot; really stand out positively in the mind. Disney  has turned out so many quality films over the years. Get &quot;Snow  White,&quot; or &quot;Pinocchio,&quot; or &quot;Dumbo,&quot; or &quot;Lady  and the Tramp.&quot; Just not this.
B00000K19E|5.0|In the begining God made the Earth. At the third day He created the Man. In the 20th century Man recreate God. In 1999 Larry Wachowski and Andy Wachowski create The Matrix. Do you want a different perspective of  reality? See this one and think about life...  Excelent production, great  professionals and a variety of excelents actors made this movie real enough  to buy and ask for more.
0440178002|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Every time I pick it up it takes me to the place I would most like to be, Japan circa 1600. Clavell is one of those gifted writers that pulls you into the story. I felt as if I were with the  Pilot,Blackthorne as he learned to live in a totally alien culture. One of  the scenes I remember the most is, oddly, how dirty his homeland seemed  after living with the Japanese. This book makes you respect the samurai and  love the people of Japan. A truly wonderous read, I would reccommend this  to anyone who loves Japan.
B00000373U|5.0|It's hard to exaggerate how brilliant this album is.  The album speaks to you, and it's telling that each reviewer here has a different favorite song.  The lyrics are poetry, the hooks are beguiling, the songs are  mesmerizing.  All those artists who were supposed have real  &quot;feeling&quot; in the nineties - kurt cobain included - get exposed as  second-rate after this album.
630463949X|2.0|This DVD should have been called &quot;TheDead&quot;.All the band members except Mick look like they are bored &amp; uptight. Mick looks like he's awake. That's a step in the right direction. Do not buy this DVD if you are  thinking about showing off your home theatre. The sound stinks. Buy this  only if you are a Fleetwood Mac Fanatic.Sound engineers need to get thier  act together so that the consumer has a standard that they can expect when  purchasing DVD 5.1 as well as DTS.
630168706X|1.0|This video was dissappointing in that it was quite dated (circa 1970's), quite short at 30 minutes, overpriced considering the length and focused on more touristy things in this beatiful province. I bought this for a friend  so he could see the beauty of British Columbia and this video excluded so  much of the province it was just not worthwhile. I lived in Prince George,  B.C. for a number of years and am well aware of the incredible scenery.  Unfortunately this video did not nearly do justice to the province.
6302227127|5.0|This film is one of the best of the Christmas Classics.  The Bishop's Wife tells a story of an angel (Cary Grant) who comes down to earth in answer to a busy Bishop's (David Niven) prayer.  The angel helps the Bishop learn to  adjust his priorities and comes close to falling in love with Julia, the  Bishop's wife (Loretta Young).  The movie includes a lovely Skating/ Dance  scene that defies description.  Make this movie a tradition for your family  this year.
0446525537|4.0|I just recently finished reading this book. I thought that it was a little different than Sparks' others but different in a good way.  The main character is young in this story and Sparks does a wonderful job  transforming his adult-like vocabulary to a teenage voice.  I would  recommend this book for all of those who love a little cry every now and  again.
0553296981|5.0|This book was unbelievable!  I want to read it again.  It made me realize what was going on then and how scarry it must have been
B000001FUZ|5.0|This is my favorite Traffic disc! It's only fault is that it is a short CD. I compare this disk to &quot;Blind Faith&quot;, perhaps Windwood's best ever!
B000021XR5|3.0|I am the fan of STP, Big Empty - Creep - Interstate Love Song - Dead &amp; BLoated - Silvergun Superman - Big Bang Baby - Ungived - Vasoline - Wicked Garden.    These are their greats and unfortunetly I havn't heard anything  on this new CD to even come close to them.  I encourage STP cause I love  them so much.  The songs are ok on this CD but nothin like the oldschool  STP !
B000002B35|5.0|perfect for introducing to floyd, it has lots of division bell, all of dark side of the moon and stellar performances of Shine on you Crazy Diamond and Comfortably Numb.  You have to see the video to get the whole  effect though, as the light shows and video screen is unreal.
0671578278|5.0|For Bujold fans, this is a wonderful book.  Miles, our hero, has finally found a Vor lady he can love, and marry.  But he attacks the problem of his love with the typical elan of his background, and conducts &quot;A Civil  Campaign&quot; to woo and win his lady fair.  Filled with characters that  are old friends to the readers of the Vorkosigian series, and some new ones  as well.  The book is worth the read just to watch &quot;Team  Koudelka&quot; at work!  Enjoy.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is flat out the best Rage CD and some of the most inspiring music I've heard since the legendary Bob Marley.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|If you thought the debut album of Savage Garden was awesome, wait until you listen to this one.  It is a must for your collection.  The lyrics in some of the songs are so moving, and touch the listener deeply with it's  honesty and sincerity.  All I can say is well done!
0393316041|5.0|This is easily one of the funniest books I have ever read -- and the best part of it is that it is non-fiction.  Rarely can one see into the mind of a genius and extremely rarely into the mind of a genius who is also  mischievious.  His encounters with great minds such as Einstein,  Oppenheimer, Teller, von Neumann, etc. are engaging because we see those  people as humans, with human foibles.  The title chapter (number 2) has to  be read to be believed.  I challenge anyone to read that chapter without  laughing out loud!
6302968135|1.0|OH SWEET MOSES. I CANT BELIEVE THE REVIEWS ON HERE ABOUT THIS FILM ,THE MAIN ACTORS CANT ACTUALLY ACT .PLEASE, THUMPING YOURE CHEST AND SPOUTING &quot;VIVA LOCAS FOREVER&quot; OR WHATEVER ISNT ACTING!AND ITS JUST SOOO  UNREALISTIC I REALLY EXPECTED MORE FROM THE &quot;OFFICER &amp; A  GENTLEMAN&quot; GUY BAD BAD BAD INFACT VERY BAD.
B000002UB3|5.0|I have heard all the Beatles' albums and I rate Abbey Road as number one.  The variety and brillance of the Beatles is showcased here.  I particularly liked &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot;.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|I have been a Fiona Apple fan since her first CD &quot;Tidal.&quot;  I bought &quot;Tidal&quot; for one song and loved all the songs on the CD.  It's still one of my  all time favorite CDs.  I heard &quot;Fast as You  Can&quot; on the radio and saw the video too.  At first I was surprised how  Fiona's sound had changed and it took me a few listens to really like the  song. I bought the CD and it has a different groove than &quot;Tidal.&quot;   Sure she still sings about love lost and getting angry and getting even.   That will probably never change and we don't want it too.  I really like  &quot;Fast as you Can,&quot; as well as &quot;The way things are,&quot;  &quot;On the Bound,&quot; and &quot;Paper Bag.&quot;  All the songs are  great and Fiona should be congratulated for being original and going down a  more bluesy path.  It will never beat &quot;Tidal&quot; on my list of  favorites, but &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; is a fabulous CD that I  recommend to anyone.
6303942830|5.0|One word(amazing). This film is a mile stone in every aspect from the accurate depictions of the native americans and their feeling of the white colonials,the style of warfare fought in the eighteenth century to the  amzaing landscape that america once was. Immediately you are swept up in  the story from the opening sequence to the mind blowing finale,the  characters all of them are excellent from the afflicted Magua who Wes Studi  portays flawlessly , Russel Means whose silent gazes and wordless  expressions are incredible you can feel his sorrow. This movie remains one  of my favorites and is one that I've worn out several VHS tapes from  excessive usage during my ownership. A must have for anybody who enjoys  moviemaking at its best.
6300214753|5.0|One of the best of the 80's &quot;teen films, &quot;Ferris Buellers Day Off&quot; remains one of the most appealing, funny, well made films aimed at the 80's teen set. Ever confidant Ferris Bueller recruits his best  friend Cameron, and his beautiful girlfriend Sloan to blow off school and  spend a beautiful spring day exploring the sights and sounds of Chicago.  Fun then, fun now, and the scene in the art museum is still the best part  of the movie!
B00002MZ12|5.0|This album is in fact the best live album ever made. It is truly brilliant and amazing. Some of my favorites are &quot;Princes Familiar,&quot; &quot;King Of Pain&quot; (police cover), &quot;No pressure over  cappuccino&quot; &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot; and &quot;I was  Hoping&quot; This album is beautiful. Alanis is the queen of music, and it  shows!
B000002LMM|5.0|From rapture to mystery to melancholy, this album is imbued with a sense of emotional variety-not often found in most albums today. Lynch and Badalamenti have put together an aural smorgasbord for the Twin Peaks fan. However, it is not necessary to have watched the series to enjoy this remarkable soundtrack. Enjoy with your favorite beverage at night, perhaps a fine merlot, a favorite cognac or port, or that special Belgian ale. You won't be disappointed!
0790729393|5.0|Sleepers is incredibly real. As a young boy growing up in the juvenile justice system myself, I found this movie to be dead-on-accurate. I wish, and I know that others who view this movie will wish the same, that this  movie is taken with great seriousness, as there is definitely a problem in  our juvenile justice system. The problems are portrayed in this movie with  great ease. The storyline is exceptionally believable. A great movie to  watch over and over.
B000002U82|4.0|Dark Side is one of Pink Floyd most brilant works, but not my abslute favs.  Still its worth owning and if you have to have one Pink Floyd disk this is the one.
0790729989|4.0|For all people loving suspense, this is a nice addition to your collection, However, I do not like having to turn over a DVD in the middle of a movie, much less a thriller.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I was really impressed on how well the whole classical/Rock thing meshed. It breathed new life into already awesome songs. Put these two CD's in, turn your stereo way up and enjoy.
0790729628|5.0|When I first saw this film close to twenty years ago; that was all I could think of.  A modern day Sci- Fi version of a hard boiled detective hunting down the criminal. Only with this movie all the replicants wanted was life.  A chance to live and have the same rights as their creators.
089845865X|1.0|Chocolate, Chocolate, Chocolate! I looooooooooove choolate. Thats why you should read this book. Gooooooooooo Chocolate. Sereiously, it was a pretty good chocolatly book.
B00002Z88D|5.0|What can i say !  first don`t pay attention to  those who call them sealves a METALLICA FANS because they dont know what music treasure they have in their possession . one thing to say about this album ! AMAZING!
B00000JCB2|1.0|You know, I was horrified when I saw Limp Bizkit on this websites top 100 albums of the millenium. Especially when I saw this album. Now I know a bunch of 13 year old girls who think they're rebelling against their  parents by wearing Limp Bizkit t-shirts are going to jump al over me on  this review. Ditto all the girls (and the boys) who think they're cool  because of MTV airplay. Let me tell you something. This album is not good  enough as being a coaster for vomit. Limp Bizkit does not rock, they're a  bunch of rappers who try to be &quot;Metal&quot; because they weren'tgood  enough at rapping. This album features songs laden with catchphrases  (&quot;Nookie&quot;). This means that they implement parts of the songs  where people will specifically get rowdy, just because they're saying some  stupid word like &quot;Nookie&quot;. If you want real music, I will suggest  the following: Metallica Pre-1991/Megadeth  Pre-&quot;Risk&quot;/Anthrax/Borknagar/Led Zeppelin/Cannibal Corpse/Six  Feet Under/Pantera/DeadEyesUnder/Shadows Fall/Opeth/Slayer/Disgorge. Please  do not buy this album, for your own sake.
B00002ZMNW|5.0|Ok ,i am not a METALLICA fan . I only have the BLACK album ! i saw 4 video`s on MTV and record it ,the sound of the guitars with the symphony was GREAT . I order the S&amp;M CD and this video . There is one thing to  say about this VHS. AMAIZING concert !
6305137293|3.0|As a sequel, this movie is perfect. Michael Myers still scary as hell, Jamie Lee Curtis still beautiful and smart ( like in the first movie ), there's more deaths, more blood and more action, but, please, that's John  Carpenter and this is Rick Rosenthal, so, there's a big diference.
B000003AEB|4.0|This is tight old school muzic. One of da best rap albums to ever hzit
6305546789|5.0|What you just read above, it isn't any joke. For me, Halloween is the best serial killer movie ever made, and also John Carpenter's best film too. Michael Myers is the most cruel and scary serial killer, and Jamie Lee  Curtis, the most beautiful and intelligent survivor ever. I totally  recommend ! And if you're a really big fan of this classic, buy it on DVD !
B00002Z88D|5.0|I have listened to this CD via streaming audio and the local radio station (KSJO) has played some of the songs.  From what I've heard, I've loved every second of it!  It's powerful, deep, full...something that head  bangers and classical music lovers alike can appreciate.  And for those of  us who didn't really get into Metallica until ...And Justice, it will give  you a better appreciation of the older music.  This will easily vault to  the top 10 of my CD collection as soon as it arrives.
6305426651|5.0|If you want to see a movie about the power of love triumphing in the face of incredible evil, you have to see this movie! It is an absolutely beautiful fable of a father preserving the innocence of his son by  sheltering him from the horrors of the Holocaust.  It is just magnificent!
B00002EPJH|5.0|Beautiful solo piano renditions of classics.  Performed so cleanly and beautifully that it is a total joy to listen to over and over.  I love to play it at sunset in the dark with a glass of wine and a special guy
B00002Z88D|5.0|A must have for Metallica fans. The blend of music is incredible! The symphony orchestra blends with the heavy metal masters to create a powerful musical experience.
B000007T1M|5.0|This album rules! ..this the best original band out there NOW!  I love this album system of a down are the most amazing band I have Ever heard.
B000031XCR|5.0|This album is by far my favorite Celine album.  Not only are some of her most well known songs on here, but the new additions are just amazing and by far Celine's most wodnerful work recently.  She said she could never top  LTAL, but she certainly did that with this album.  Thank you, Celine.  Have  a wonderful break and I, along with all your fans, hope to see you back  soon.
B000009ED0|1.0|I expected a lot from this CD, because of Bawitiba.  It was a HUGE dissapointment.  Bawitiba is the only good track on here and it was a waste of my money.  I don't recommend this one for anyone.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I am a huge RATM fan.  I was the first person in my town to buy this cd.  I was not disappointed.  Rage has come out with a new cd that is lyrically their best cd, and musically their heaviest album.  Zack is definately a  gifted writer.  I still like RATM's first album the best, even though it  doesn't have the ingenious lyrics that this album has.  One song that I  really liked on here is &quot;Ashes in the fall&quot;.  Zach uses excellent  imagery in this song.  Tom Morello (the lead guitarist) does not get enough  credit for being the revolutionary guitarist that he is.  RATM is one of  the very few bands that actually play music about things that really matter  in life. i.e. discrimination, greed, capitalism, class, justice, hunger and  starvation.  There are no love songs on this cd, nor should there be.   Let's face it, it's just not their style.  If you only want to buy one RATM  album buy their first album.  If you want two, buy the first album and the  Battle of Los Angeles.  And definitely go watch RATM in concert.  They are  the best live band on the face of this earth.  This is the only band that  has changed my life.  Give them a whirl and let it change you too.
B0000009TJ|5.0|What I love the most about this album is that no matter how many times I've heard it, there's always something I hadn't caught before. I can hear it over and again and I'll always laugh. It's a CLASSIC.
0385484518|4.0|Sometimes the simplest things are the most moving. Nothing in this book is a great leap in philosophy, it's merely a reminder of all the things we already know but have either forgotten or have taken for granted. Those  looking for cold philosophy can look elsewhere; those looking for a few  warm words from a kind man should read this book.
B000002I2M|5.0|The greatest song ever written
B000002U82|5.0|This CD is a must for audiophiles trying to find the most versatile stereo/sub system.  The imaging , depth, and color in this CD will put any system through its paces and show its true colors.  Keep in mind that the  best system has only two speakers and a subwoofer.  Systems with five or  more speakers that are supposed to give &quot;lifelike theater&quot; sound  quality do not.  &quot;Time&quot;, &quot;Great Gig in the Sky&quot;,  &quot;Us &amp; Them&quot;, and &quot;Brain Damage&quot; are the tracks that  tend to make or break a system.  For general listening, I think this is one  of Floyd's best (he repeats most of this CD in the &quot;Pulse&quot;  concert), but once you hear it on a quality system, it's hard to go back.
B00002Z88D|5.0|At first the idea seemed brave, but fundamentally flawed. A symphony orchestra playing with Metallica ? Hmmm, a bit too Deeep Purple ... surely it couldn't be done successfully - after all, many have tried and failed.  Would the men in black have to tone down their sound to suit the occasion  and perhaps pull a punch or two to keep the high-brows happy? Would they  hell! As you know, these 'Metalliclassical' concerts took place last April  to great critical acclaim and this double live CD is the official record of  the event.<br />S&amp;M is the sound of two spectacular musical forces working  in perfect harmony. The presence of the orchestra has driven Metallica to  even greater heights on the evidence of this performance. However, much of  the credit for the final product must be due to Michael Kamen who has  interpreted the Metallica live show perfectly and scored it with  imagination, flair and ingenuity.  <br />At times the orchestration fits in so  well you hardly notice it. Which is not to say the San Francisco Symphony  sound timid. Not in the slightest. In fact on those tracks you might expect  them to take a frightened backseat, such as 'Fuel' or 'Battery', they  really make their presence felt. On the former they quite simply rock! To  single out individual songs is pointless as the whole set is awesome.  Suffice it to say that on those songs which allow them the space to work  the orchestra sounds magnificent. <br />Metallica's performance is virtually  flawless. The enormity of the occasion has resulted in a supercharged set.  Each and every one of them play out of their skin. It's as if they had  decided that no orchestra was going to eclipse them on the night! <br />Just a  quick word on the sound quality which manages to bring the classical and  hard rock disciplines together without compromising either.  Everything  sounds clean, clear and bright. The one casualty is Jason's bass which at  times is a little muted but Lars' drums sound tremendous. Infact the whole  mix leaps out of the speakers, so much so that on first listen it's almost  to much to take in. <br />This release marks a milestone in the band's career  and is also deserved of noteworthy inclusion in the annals of rock history  - it's that good. No Metallica fan should be without this. <br />Quite simply,  I don't know how Metallica are going to top this one - then again I think I  might have said that when they released &quot;....And Justice for  All&quot;.
B000001ELF|5.0|Do you love rock-n-roll? Do you play guitar? If you answered yes to both, then you already have this album. Ace and Peter are the only members of KISS who took the solo project seriously. With the KISS shackles  temporarily lifted, Ace came out with an incredible album. From the  beginning notes of 'Rip it Out' you are instantly grapped and pulled into a  world devoted to rock guitar. 'Fractured Mirror' the albums last tune is an  instrumental that though soft, will blow you away and make you think of  happier times. 'Speed Back to my Baby', 'Ozone', 'Snowblind' and the rest  are all classix in my opinion. The album doesn't have a weak point. The  only disappointment the album has is the future and what's yet to come.  When the REAL KISS broke up, I packed my bags and settled in the Ace camp,  though I still listened to KISS, my loyalty stood by Ace. His solo career  was disappointing, not because of the quality of his music, but the  quantity. Three solo albums, and a live EP. I really thought 'Trouble  Walkin' would be his breakout album for the superstardom he was so overdue  for. Unfortunatly, Space Ace was not heard form again until he rejoined  with KISS in '96. But of all the Ace Frehley efforts, his '78 solo was the  best.
B00000IOSU|3.0|Don't get me wrong, I think S.M has a great, rare voice and I both own and love every one of her albums. The question is, why another collection? True, it has a live spin to it but for some reason I didn't think that this  live cd ever came to life. If you are a fan and don't own her albums, get  the studio recordings.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|This new CD is pretty good. I especially like tracks 2,3, and 6. The cd is kind of a mix between their first and second cds. It's also nice to see a hard-core band nowadays with not alot of explicit lyrics
0451191153|5.0|Certain people obviously can't separate the writing from the writer. I'd agree that Ayn Rand is a bit fanatical, however she presents an inspiring and unforgettable example of her philosophy in this book. Hard to get  through at first but well worth it. It will change your life if you are  open to it.
B00002R0MC|5.0|A seminal collection of the magnificent song writer Robert Nesta Marley. The collection covers many of his great tracks (is there a bad one?) from the Ska sounds of The Wailers in their early days,  to the title track  spanning twenty years or so of gloriously poignant, elegant songs.  A must  for anyone who delights in great lyrics and superb musicianship.  Buy it or  miss out!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Before you bash me, This is the best album out this year. I love every track, especialy the ones with Everlast and Eric Clapton. The only problem I found was that there wasn't enough Santana. I love Santana but find that  he doesn't leave that much of an impression on this otherwise simple  collection cd. Once again though, it is still a great cd on it's own.
B000000W5L|5.0|After the Beatles broke up, the Stones broke out.  That is, once they didn't feel compelled to be the anti-Beatles, matching the Fabs effort for effort, they could evolve more naturally.  Before Keith finally became a  heroin casualty and couldn't work, this was their crowning achievement.  &quot;Happy&quot; is arguably the greatest three-minute rock song of the  '70s (and that's Keith playing bass) Most of the rest of the songs work  best as part of listening to the whole album, rather than separately.  A  long, dark, nasty, dangerous groove.
B000001FKY|5.0|I recently was driving on a long road trip home and the song &quot;ANIMAL&quot; came on which I haven't heard in ages and I really cranked up the volume. I bought this album back in 1987 when it first came  out but somehow started to listen to country about 7 years ago as the  &quot;new&quot; rock was not of  my liking as it was mostly alternative  (Nirvana, Pearl Jam, etc). I gave this CD to my sister and thought nothing  of it. When I heard the Def Leppard song it instantly brought back my  attention to this awesome band that has a timeless sound! I went out to buy  Hysteria, Adrenalize (another awesome CD!), and Vault, the greatest hits. I  couldn't be happier as every song is good on all CD's and I am constantly  listening to this and the rest of them. I believe Hysteria is the very  best. Out of 100 I would give this album a 97. Great music like this  doesn't come across the music store very often. I recommend this album  highly for a first Def Leppard album!
B000003TAL|5.0|<br />Earlier criticism of this album's abundance of &quot;guitar noise,&quot; in my mind, is unsubstantiated. While &quot;sound experimentalism&quot; plays an important role in DN, it never takes center  stage in the album. I dislike the term &quot;experimentalism&quot; because  it implies that the songs were recorded during the &quot;trial and  error&quot; process. This is not the case- DN is an album of carefully  crafted songs. DN is a *product* of trial and error, and song structure is  what truly takes center stage here- not guitar effects. <br /><br />You can't  deny the underlying rhythm in each song. Each song has a beauty of its own.  Each song moves the listener in a different way.... and that's what's  really important! <br /><br />In my opinion, DN should be the first Sonic Youth  album you get- it'll bring the other great discs that followed (such as Goo  and Dirty) into the proper context. It really is their best, even though it  is not initially &quot;easy listening.&quot; Get over it. Listen to it a  few times with an open mind. DN is substantial, elegant, intelligent, and  solid, with twists and turns scattered throughout. Do not let this one miss  your ear!
B000005DQR|5.0|Absolutely incredible. At first, I while skimming through the tracks, I found the music slow and boring.  But after one great night, this album changed my life.  The music was an incredible compliment to any TRiP.  I  saw the Shadow at work in Detroit this past October at St Andrew's Hall.  And boy, does he have talent!  Seeing that hand work on the crossfade is  mind boggling... and hearing his music live is another experience.  DJ  Shadow's Endtroducing is a masterpiece.
B000002OX7|5.0|Plenty of artists have extensively covered the Beatles, the Stones, etc., but very few have covered the Who.  Too much of the band's personality is bound up in the songs.  Nowhere is this more evident than in this release.  In a way, it's just as well that _Lifehouse_ fell through.  These gems of  songs strike with all the more effect for not being bound up in some  hippie-dip &quot;concept&quot; album.  (_Quadrophenia_ is their best  concept album, btw)  Younger listeners may not appreciate how innovative  Pete Townshend's use of synthesizers were here, but they can certainly  appreciate their effectiveness.  All that major-key power-chord guitar  playing ought to impress them, too.  &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot; sounds like  some huge heroic sculpture would look.  The re-entry of the band at the end  of the synth solo in &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; is simply one of  the top two or three moments in rock.  As for the additional songs for the  cd release, the neatest surprise is &quot;Baby Don't You Do It&quot;.  That's Leslie West of Mountain (Mississippi Queen) playing lead guitar.  The only quibble on this release is that I would have liked to have had a  spiffed-up &quot;Join Together&quot; instead of the alternative take of  &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot;.  To conclude, this is the best album of the  Who's career, one of the greatest albums in rock, certainly one of the best  recorded albums, an enduring rock landmark.  Even if everyone else is too  scared to cover it.
068484267X|5.0|From the ashes of his mother's dream, Frank McCourt's spirit rises in fiery glory that even the River Shannon cannot dampen.  Readers will be privileged to take this journey of the soul with McCourt for he will affirm  the true meaning of humanity and offer a richer understanding of simple  acts of love and greater acts of forgiveness.  You will be profoundly  touched by the narrative voice and be inspired as well as humbled by his  faith. Angela's family is her monument to world.
0553277472|1.0|As required reading for our philosophy class our teacher assigned us Zen... However, he failed to tell us how boring and unelightening the book actually was. Pirsig is not really a philosopher, but more of a rambler who  just goes on and on about quality...whatever he means by that. The  chautaquas were dry and the narratives only slightly better. I don't  recommend this book at all.
B00000BKI4|4.0|This Mercury Rev CD is still the ideal soundtrack for cold and lonely winter nights (like now). Just  listen to Endlessly and you'll know what I mean. I personally don't like Flaming Lips at all, but Mercury Rev manages  to provoke the right emotions in me. I don't know how they do it, though.  Who cares? Deserter's Songs is very good, and very beautiful.
B000002J09|4.0|I have read several of the customer comments.  There seems to be comparisons between Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin that are valid from both camps.  Both were very good however, their styles were different, not  better, but different.  Both groups put out extraordinary music during this  time period.  Comparing them is like apples to oranges.  The closer group  to compare would be The Who and Led Zeppelin, or more specifically Led  Zeppelin 4 and Who's Next.  Both came out in 1971.  Both groups were also  similar.  As I mentioned LD 4 was a good album but Who's Next from top to  bottom seems more balanced and solid.  Songs such as Four Sticks and Battle  of Evermore are the albums achilles heel.  There are no weaknesses on Who's  Next.
B000001AJG|5.0|How this album has made it through the years without being overwhelming stamped as one of the best of all time is amazing. I heard this album as a kid once while riding in the car with my dad. As I grew older any began  exploring better music, that album I heard in the car came to mind. My dad  did not remember the name of the album and to be honest I really did not go  on an all out search. But whenever I went into a music store I would look  in the Stevie Wonder section hoping it would be there. I knew about all his  other albums. Finally one day it was there and my music listening life has  never been the same.
0880796863|5.0|This remains my favorite deck.  There are more eye-catching &amp; design orientated decks out there but they tend to be cold and attached to something other than Tarot.  For doing actual readings, Rider-Waite has the  great advantage of having lots of symbolism.  More symbolism means more  information and more opportunities for the intellect to cruise down the  road of intuition. The best and most complete readings I've done have come  from this deck.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I absolutely loved her JLP Cd. But this new one of her's was SO BORING.  I have no desire to ever listen to it again and feel it was a sad waste of money. It was plodding, monotonous and in desperate need of a creative  melody.
B000002OX7|5.0|There are very few albums in which every single song on that same album are &quot;lightning in a bottle&quot;.  This album is one of those rare exceptions. The album was originally released in 1971, which for rock music  was equivalent to 1938 in motion pictures.  The Rolling Stones released  &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; and Led Zeppelin released &quot;Zoso&quot;.   Even with that calliber of rock being put out &quot;Who's Next&quot; stands  apart.  Between 1968-1978 The Who where without a doubt the greatest live  rock band in the world.  This however, was never really captured on studio  recordings.  This time it was.  It paved the way for future studio  recordings &quot;Quadrophenia&quot;, &quot;Who By Numbers&quot; and  &quot;Who Are You&quot; to show that the energy so common in live  performances were capable in their studio sessions.  This is the best  all-around studio rock album of all time.
B00002Z88D|4.0|When I saw the show on VH1 over the weekend, I just had to have this CD!  It is truely the most powerful music that I have ever heard!  Metallica's trademark pulsating guitar and drums accompanied by the orchestra - it was  just awesome!  <br />I am an older Metallica fan (I was one of the &quot;big  hair girls&quot; of the 80's&quot;). I have a few of their previous albums.   Lately, my tastes have mellowed out somewhat however,I have a feeling that  I will like this CD the best.  Metallica is always suprising you with  something new - I also loved the acoustic stuff on their last album.   <br />PS: This would be a great workout CD for lifting weights or exercising -  it's very motivating!
1878424114|3.0|Deepak Chopra's earliest works -- which synthesized western medicine with eastern spirituality and made him famous -- are excellent, even important reading. It seems though that he's gotten hooked on his success and for  years now has been more concerned with marketing and spinning out popular  stuff that with serious work. The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success is  supposed to be a sort of Dale Carnegie meets eastern guru, and Deepak is so  bright he can almost pull it off, except he can't overcome the inherent  contradiction in such a merging: Namely you can't be detached, as means for  gaining success. To be truly detached (or a better word is nonattached or  nongrasping) is to be truly accepting of your circumstances; so to try to  use it as a tool so &quot;money flows your way,&quot; is both silly and  won't work. For a much more grounded and practical guide(which is still  wise and infused with an eastern spirituality), check out The Mindful Money  Guide. It delivers sound advice on all matters related to personal finance,  without forgetting quality of life counts most.
B00000K3UU|5.0|Adam sandler makes another 5 star movie.  This movie was great!  I loved it. The twins that played julian did a wonderful job! Big Daddy will make you laugh and cry at the same time!  This movie is a must for Adam Sandler  fans! Sandler and the twins have to hook up for another movie in the  future!
B000003S0P|5.0|Red ist the ultimate King Crimson. The first three songs are typical for the band but nothing expecially. The thing on this CD is the song Starless. And because of this song, the Cd is one of the best in rockmusic history.  Starless beginns in a slow, melancolic manner, which ist best supportet  with the emphatic vocals of John Wetton, turns over to a extremly malicious  guitar dominatet part of dissonance between drums and bass. Weve heared  something, like this before in &quot;Easy money&quot; released on  &quot;Larks tongues in aspic&quot; a few years before  &quot;Starless&quot;. At the end there is a try of union between these two  themes, in a furiosed way.  This song is really the best one in Rock  history, try it out!
0553269631|1.0|...because then you can throw up on it, and you won't care that you have ruined the book! THIS BOOK IS HORRIBLE!
6303617719|5.0|I had to purchase this movie so that I could fall in love with Luc over and over again.  I love everything Meg does, but the musical score, it's wonderful, it's wonderful. Had to have it and the new Paolo Conte CD as  well. Next time you see this film listen to the music.
B000003BEV|4.0|This album is very different from what we have since come to expect from the Stones, which is not a bad thing. In fact, the album combines some of their best work with some of their weakest. Full of rich sounds and  fascinating experiments, songs like &quot;Citadel,&quot; &quot;2000  Man,&quot; &quot;She's a Rainbow,&quot; &quot;The Lantern&quot; and  &quot;2000 Light Years from Home&quot; make for wonderful graceful  recordings. Others, like &quot;Sing This All Together (see what  happens)&quot; and &quot;Gomper&quot; are simply sloppy. Worth a listen,  though.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Just like in her plugged cd's,Alanis once again gives the best thing she has: her voice. the songs picked for this CD seems to bring u into the right mood that closes with maybe her best song yet, Uninvited. Even  &quot;hard core&quot; songs like You Oughta Know gets a soft touch and it  seems Alanis is more interesting in getting her words out than to scream  them so all the ppl will hear her, but then again is there someone who  doesn't know the lyrics to this 90s classic?  The storytelling songs from  the Junkie CD comes out even better in their unplugged version, and the  unreleased songs maybe not be her very best, they r still Alanis songs,  which says it all
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side of the Moon is probably the second greatest album ever made after the White Album.  The Wizard of Oz trick just makes it that much more enjoyable!
B00002MZ12|5.0|Just like in her plugged cd's,Alanis once again gives the best thing she has: her voice. the songs picked for this CD seems to bring u into the right mood that closes with maybe her best song yet, Uninvited. Even  &quot;hard core&quot; songs like You Oughta Know gets a soft touch and it  seems Alanis is more interesting in getting her words out than to scream  them so all the ppl will hear her, but then again is there someone who  doesn't know the lyrics to this 90s classic?  The storytelling songs from  the Junkie CD comes out even better in their unplugged version, and the  unreleased songs maybe not be her very best, they r still Alanis songs,  which says it all
B00002EPJH|2.0|It may be Jarrett, but it's not our Keith, so be warned. A thousand other guys could have recorded this. I will be most interested to see what happens when he gets through this nervous breakdown.
1558908358|5.0|As a junior high lad in 1982, Tron is the movie that influenced me to learn about computers. The digitally re-mastered widescreen DVD of Tron brought back many memories, mainly because I saw the movie 25 times in the  '80's, and still remember much of the dialogue verbatim. <br />Yes, I know,  I'm a geek.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|This one doesn't live up to their previous efforts. Only No Brakes, End of the Line and Americana live up to Offspring's true style. I hope that they are only experimenting and will do better next time.
B000009ED0|3.0|I am not normally a lover of rap music, but I really enjoyed many of the songs on this CD.  Most specifically I liked Bawitdaba, Devil without a Cause, and Black Girl, White Guy.  I think the lyrics are great and he  certainly can rap well.  It's really difficult to get that many words out  so quickly.  The music is obviously profane, so don't buy the CD if you are  sensitive.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This CD may not be as heavy as the other CD's, but it's still great. The symphony really adds to much of the music: especially in the more ballad type songs (such as the ones from the &quot;Black Album&quot;).<br />A great  example of a song greatly enhanced by the symphony is &quot;Hero of the  Day&quot;, which is just beautiful. It's really too bad that many of the  hard guitar sounds are kinda soft sounding in this album (because the  symphony mainly takes over), but it's still awesome.
031286504X|5.0|Vampires are usually associated with supernatural or gothic fiction. &quot;I Am Legend&quot; was the first to go against this trend. In this novel Richard Matheson depicts vampirism as a disease and offers  explanations for its symptoms.<br />The main character is Robert Neville. He  is the only normal man (from our point of view) left in the world, after a  plague has turned everyone else into vampires. He spends his days growing  garlic, making stakes, and killing every vampire he can find. At night he  is a prisoner in his own home. He drinks himself into a stupor. He listens  to classical music, which he plays to drown out the screaming vampires who  gather outside his house.<br />This  is a good story because it delves into  the mental anguish of  isolation and the strength of human will. Even  though the hero can never hope for a normal life he is determined to  survive.<br />&quot;I Am Legend&quot; has been filmed twice. Ten years earlier  I saw the film &quot;The Omega Man&quot;. If you really liked the novel you  should probably avoid this film, as it bears only a slight resemblence to  the book's storyline. For one thing, there aren't any vampires!
0517122707|5.0|This was a true page-turner in every way.  I wanted to the story to just keep going, to continue to be involved in the lives of these interesting, yet deranged, characters.  Never have I laughed out loud so much while  reading a book.  The comic nature of Ignatius, combined with his vast  knowledge base and  his pitiable mental state, made his character one of  the most memorable in modern literature.
0671876813|5.0|Honor harrington is my favorite book series, and this one doesn't dissapoint.  we get to see a little more about Grayson, and some of the later scenes (I won't spoil them) involving the anti-Harrington terrorists  are absolutely heart-wrenching.  Five stars!
031286504X|5.0|This is one of those stories you just have to read to believe, and even then you question it.  It being what was written, how it was written, and the originality of the story.  This is in no way your traditional Vampire  tale, very reminiscent of George Romero's Night of the Living Dead  (although I think this story preceded the movie), except the monsters  possess intelligence.  The feeling of being alone is invasive on the reader  and the whole thing is pulled off with an eerie, dark beauty.  There isn't  a happy ending folks, it is scary, it is a classic rendition of those  fanged demons we all associate with long capes, coffins, and widow's peaks.  It is the demonic offspring of that traditional view.  And you leave the  reading wishing to adopt that ugly child as your own.  Essential reading  for any horror fan.
B000001FKY|5.0|Any rock n' roll listener during the late 1980's loved this CD.  Def Leppard have only been better when seen live.  The songs can play over and over again without becoming tiresome to listen to.  This is a must have for  any collector of rock music.
B00001SIES|5.0|I was at bercy for the RHCP show and there was also MUSE (I already had bought Showbiz). They were genial!  I really love their prestation and I would like to know more about them, so please send me all that you have  about them at Pastel@libertysurf.fr<br />If you don't have the CD I just can  tell you: Listen it!
B000031XCR|5.0|Another multiplatinum release to-be by the pop Diva. Good job Celine! This compilation of hits reflects her establishment as one of the most sucessful pop acts in the world. Although some of her essential recordings like  &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot; are not included, this album still  shines as it has it all. The 7 new tracks are nothing but masterful  production of excellent music. The music and her vocal blend beautifully.   Congratulation to Celine. You have never failed to come up with something  better each time.
0792842731|4.0|The best thing about this movie was Michelle Yeoh's character.  Not only was she a babe (an obvious requirement for a Bond girl,) she was also capable of holding her own.  Unlike Natalya in &quot;GoldenEye,&quot; Wai  Lin could do damage alone and didn't have to be shepherded around by Bond.   There was also more of an edge to Bond in this edition (the scene where he  kills Dr. Kaufmann is the prime example,) harkening back to the Bond of the  Ian Fleming novels.  The theme song by Sheryl Crow was very good also.  A  note to anyone working at MGM/UA who may happen to see this review:  Bring  back Wai Lin in a future Bond movie!  She is the most capable  &quot;sidekick&quot; since Felix Leiter, and much better looking;-)
B00002MZ12|5.0|WOW!  Words cannot describe the feeling on this cd!  All the songs are great, especially the spine-tingling &quot;No Pressure Over Cappuccino&quot; and &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot;.  Her voice is so  beautiful and her band is great.  Congrats to Alanis for putting out such  an emotional and rewarding album.
B00000K19E|3.0|There are some great action sequences here where the DVD sound quality and clarity of image combine incredibly.   The action shots are remarkable, so why couldn't thet give it a story that might make some sense?  Like  &quot;The Mummy&quot; and &quot;The Haunting&quot;, they choose to build  the movie around the special effects with a story thrown in somewhere.  The  special effects are supposed to help tell the story!   The story is not  supposed to just support the use of special effects!  The idea of the ship  traveling around is so absurd.  I can suspend belief for a certain amount  of the time, but there is a limit!  Should someone buy this DVD?  It  depends on how much you like action films.  If you can withstand the story  shortcomings, then buy it for the action.  Why couldn't they have started  with a better story?  The premise of what is reality is always interesting,  but somehow this movie killed the idea.   Definitely worth renting the DVD  just to check out the effects!  Rent before you buy this one.  I chose not  to buy.
0812589041|5.0|Ender's Game is one of those books that, once started, can not be put down until finished.  Card's artful yet objective writing allows the reader to easily emote for the charectars, and become more involved in the storyline  than even the charectars themselves.
B00000FBRE|5.0|I bought this cd and absolutely LOVED it!  Songs like &quot;After you my friend&quot; and &quot;Train&quot; are awesome.  If you like punk I reccomend you BUY THIS ALBUM RIGHT NOW!
0553293397|4.0|It may be a flight of fancy, but it seems that you can see Asimov as a scientist when you read his novels. Unlike other speculative writers, there is a clear sense of details that ring true to the present day. For instance, the  trouble with getting robots to respond to a question reminds me of some of  the more comical experiments with intelligent agents.<br /><br />Although the allegorical nature of the Solarians gives the book a somewhat dated feel, it still has that Asimov magic-- combining study of human nature with  speculative fiction. A first class author, as always.
0060168366|4.0|Johnson is a great writer of history.  Even after reading his History of the American People, however, his finest book remains Modern Times.  HOTAP is a comprehensive, one volume US History that is well written and  interesting to read.  Few important things are omitted (e.g. baseball), and  Johnson's perspective as an English historian who has a great respect for  America is an interesting one.  He reminds us of the vital contributions  made by business leaders at the end of the 19th century and debunks the  &quot;Robber Baron&quot; myth, tracing the bogus historiography responsible  for that term.  The book is marred by small factual errors.  A couple  examples are his confusing two confederal generals with the same last name  and his misattribution of the quote: &quot;The American people be  damned&quot; to Commodie Vanderbilt rather than his son.  The next edition  will assuredly correct these, but Johnson should have had the book fact  checked first.  Among Johnson's observations (which have obviously raised  the ire of some readers below) of importance is the impact of religion on  American history.
B000002H6C|5.0|If you like one Metallica Song, you must own this CD.  This album made me fall in love with metal.  Eye opening....
6305263299|5.0|I've already reviewed the English version so please consult that for the essence of the movie in general.   However, the German version does have the edge on the English one in that its feel is fluent and unstrained. I'd  give the German one 5.5 stars but the gauge would'nt let me. I watch this  movie every night (almost) to fall asleep to, simply because the imagery  conjured is a hallucigen in itself.      My only gripe with the German  version is that the subitles are too small for my lowering eyelids to  negotiate. This movie is an opiate for your soul and the type of terror it  will evoke from your mind has not been seen since Weine's 'Cabinet of Dr.  Caligari' or Murnau's orginal 'Nosferatu'.       Now buy the film, make  sure you have a special room where you can drift off alone with it and join  our clique. It is no accident or through sentimental ties that this is my  favourite film of all time.
6304406096|4.0|I first saw NSNA when it was released about the time of Octopussy and have seen it many times since then. This is one of the best Bond films out there. The fact that this film is enjoyable without a recognisable M or Q  proves just how successful this film franchise has been. I urge the powers  that be to release this movie on DVD!  Sean Connery is the best Bond and  this Bond movie needs to be made available to complete our collections. By  the way, I urge whoever is reading this to invest in a DVD player and get  the DVD special editions of the Bond films. They are spectacular!
0880381736|5.0|Whats this I hear? The ramblings of irredescent souls trying to stray me from the path of Weis &amp; Hickman Fantasy? The Chronicles are the best books I have ever read. At my late teens I now manage a personal library of  nearly 1,000 books, and never have I read any books as well written,  exectuted, etc. Tolkein was good, Weis &amp; Hickman better. Oh, they want  to mate with dead vampires, goodie.(The Lords Of The Ring #?) Raistlin  Majere blows his enemies away in the black robes, YIPEE! (Chronicles) Get  the picture? The Hobbit, pure classic. Chronicles, simply the best. By the  time I am through reading Dragons of Spring Dawning(the last in the  chronicles) I am ready to start reading Dragons of Autumn Twilight (the  first chronicle) all over again! Eternal Reading Value!
B000002KYB|5.0|First time I heard &quot;Love Over Gold&quot; I just sat there in front of the record-player, just trying to breath the music. I listened to the whole record, starting with the epic &quot;Telegraph road&quot;, continued with  the brilliant (and one of their best) &quot;Private Investigations&quot;,  later the humourous &quot;Industrial Disease&quot; and finally &quot;Love  Over Gold&quot; itself and &quot;It Never Rains&quot;.  None of these songs  took me out of my nirvana-like state of mind. This is a masterpiece, got  nothing bad to say about it.
0312853254|5.0|I absolutely loved Speaker for the Dead. I fell in love with Ender in th fourth grade, and Ender's Game cannot possibly compete with this one. Wow. THe plot is so complex, and intelligent, you ind yourself reading the book  and thinking 'how could anyone ever invent anyone this real?'. Especially  Novinha's children of Libo, and Marcos 'cao' were very vivid. The plot is  real and detailed. The writing style is abnormaly fabulous. No human being  should miss the oppertunity to read Speaker for the Dead.
6302227127|5.0|My favorite holiday movie and a real treasure.  The acting is wonderful and the story heartwarming.  Will never watch the remake of this marvelous film as I know it can't compare.
0380973464|5.0|If I could have given ten stars, I would have.  This is, far and away, the best Stephenson yet and  easily the best book I've read all year.  I couldn't wait to get to the end so I could start it over again  immediately.<br />While Stephenson covers intricate technological and  cryptological concepts, he does so with such relentless intelligence and  wit that no previous exposure to these ideas was necessary to keep the  reader firmly glued in their seats.  That he's able to pen five pages  devoted mostly, in microscrutinous detail, to the consumption of a bowl of  breakfast cereal and keep me pinned to the page...what can I say! <br />If you  love technology, intense literacy, masterful wordsmithing and keen wit, you  will not be disappointed.
6302227127|5.0|My favorite holiday movie and a real treasure.  The acting is wonderful and the story heartwarming.  Will never watch the remake of this marvelous film as I know it can't compare.
B0000067L2|5.0|Disraeli Gears is undoubtedly the embodiement of all things pyschedelic, while retaining the distinctly listenable edge which sets Cream apart from other, more wayward pyschedelic blues rock bands of the era. Clapton's  guitar solos are astounding, reminding us of the great talent he posesses,  which is perhaps lost in his more recent work. Ginger Baker's drumming is  excellent, as is Bruce's bass and voice. A true classic to be enjoyed by  fans of Clapton, Hendrix, Rory Gallagher and all blues guitar music.
B00000JWVO|5.0|Many of the other reviews have criticised aspects of this production, but it is still excellent entertainment. On the whole it is a high quality production, with a handpicked cast. 'Cats' is a character-based, rather  than plot-based show, but the performers bring their cats to life  beautifully. The make-up (very much toned down from the stage production)  and costumes, as well as superb choreography, all add to the effect - you  can almost see their whiskers.<br />If you don't like 'Cats' then you won't  like this either, but as a film of the stage show it is very good. Of  course it is not as good as experiencing the show live  - no video ever is  - but not all of us have the luxury of the West End or Broadway on our  doorstep (or the money to buy tickets). Also when I saw the live show there  was so much happening that I missed quite a lot: at least with the video  you can see and notice things that are easily missed on stage. The sound  quality is excellent - far better than in a real theatre - so to complain  about the lip-syncing seems like nit picking. <br />The performances range  from good to outstanding. My personal favourites are Michael Gruber as  Munkustrap and Jacob Brent as Mistoffelees, who both convey the feline  qualities of their characters quite brilliantly, and Elaine Paige, who  gives a definitive performance as Grizabella. Of the more minor characters,  Phyllida Crowley-Smith as Victoria and Jason Gardiner as Alonzo give  outstandingly faultless performances. Many people find John Partridges' Rum  Tum Tugger to be a little extreme: personally I find him hilarious, and I  have to add that he is far more over the top on stage! <br />My only major  criticism of the production is one of disappointment. It is a great shame  that sections of the show have been omitted from the video. Some sections  of the songs have been dropped, as has some of the dancing, such as the  extended solo dance that Mistoffelees usually performs after his 'magical'  turn. However, most sorely missed is the section entitled 'Growltiger's  Last Stand' which normally follows on from 'Gus: The Theatre Cat'. There is  no way that Sir John Mills (as Gus) could have performed this section, but  as this is supposed to be a fantasy sequence anyway he could have been  replaced by a 'younger' version of Gus. I was quite sad to find that this  part of the show (my favourite) is completely missing.<br />On the whole this  is an excellent evening's entertainment, suitable for all the family, which  will allow me to remember the production I saw much more vividly.<br />P.S.  The DVD is even better!
B0000009TJ|5.0|Thinking of getting into FZ?  If contemplating your first foray into the world of Frank, buy this recording.  It's accessible on many levels, primarily due to the numerous covers of rock, country, movie, and classical  pieces.  There are also the FZ standards, such as &quot;The Torture Never  Stops,&quot; &quot;Penguin in Bondage,&quot; &quot;Florentine Pogen,&quot;  &quot;Inca Roads,&quot; and &quot;Sofa.&quot;  If you enjoy this album then  you'll enjoy any other recording in the vast FZ catalog.
6305311463|1.0|Did the director know the word called &quot;Science PHYSIC&quot;?(cann't explain it was so many) Did the director know why the dynosorus was lost from world?(By winter because meteor not a flame from meteor) Did is real  that NASA help them to devolop this story?  What's a shame that NASA allow  the director to release this story!  Did the Director know sci-fi is reduce  of word called &quot;science fiction&quot;
0553284347|4.0|I first read this book six years ago. I found it  confronting and very supportive. I believe this book has the power to encourage a lot of personal growth for people who have experienced abuse of all types in their  childhood. What I found particularly effective about this book was that it  covered a range of abuse patterns, which I believe many abusive parents  use. Other books I have read tend to focus on one form of abuse  exclusively, whereas if you have experienced physical abuse or sexual  abuse, you may be likely to have experienced verbal and psychological abuse  also. I read through this book with a pencil in hand, I found so many parts  that rang true for me. The checklists in the book are a way of gauging  honestly where you in dealing with your life and your relationship with  your parents. Now six years later, I have just reread this book and I see  how much I have grown in this time. No longer is this book so confronting  for me, I was more able to appreciate the suggestions and exercises made. I  have been thrilled to see that this book had planted seeds of thought and  realisation within me, and that over the years I have been able to  instigate real change within me and in my relationship with my parents.  These relationships are far more real and true to me. I now speak with more  personal authority and honesty to my family. One criticism I have is the  way that confrontation is seen as a necessary goal. It is certainly helpful  if it feels right and necessary to the reader, but i feel that the most  effective form of healing is to reach a point in ourselves where we know  our own truth and set out our own rules, whether we need to confront our  family with our truths or not. I think in many ways survivors of abuse have  attempted to reach out to their families and communicate their feelings,  but I take on board that this may be more effective with self-knowledge and  improved communication skills.Personally I have tried confrontation and  found it ineffective, but by believing in myself, being honest and creating  a life that is right for me, I have found freedom. This may not be the case  for many readers, so I do not mean to deter you. I offer my silent support.   All in all, this is an extremely useful, supportive and valuable book  which I would recommend to anyone who wants to improve their relationship  with themselves, their families and create a life which has more potential  for truth and happiness
6304493681|5.0|it's greatest sci-fi plot.it's for hardcore sci-fi and manga fans. you must have knowledge in computer network, Artifical Intelegent and a lot of Buddhism to understand all story-plot. It is a century that AI won human in  business and social by inteligent and strategy not by war like matrix. if  you seen some scene u will know  that matrix is copy from this story (exp.  a hunt in china market)  , same plot(the world AI won human) and etc.,(  have connector at neck to upload data or connect with another)
B00000IPAX|4.0|this is a good cd but i think they have majorly sold-out.  and going on the radio?  what's up with that.  i bet half the people who bought the cd jumped on the bandwagon after hearing what's my age again on the radio or  seeing the video.  no offence to the people who have been with blink from  the beginng.  but in the end it's still a decent cd.  don't listen to me do  what you want to do this is only my opinon.
6304493681|5.0|it's greatest sci-fi plot.it's for hardcore sci-fi and manga fans. you must have knowledge in computer network, Artifical Intelegent and a lot of Buddhism to understand all story-plot. It is a century that  human ws  defeat  in business and social by inteligent and strategy not by war like  matrix. if you seen some scene u will know  that matrix is copy from this  story (exp. a hunt in china market)  , same plot(the world AI won) and  etc.,( have connector at neck to upload data or connect with another)
B000001FO4|5.0|Bad Seamtress Blues ( Fallin' Apart At The Seams ) This song grabs your soul and rocks you down to your bones!
0812551508|5.0|This is my favorite book of all time.  It is the most brilliantly written and smart book which exposes the state of human nature as well as any work of fiction.  Human nature has the inherent need to feel love and  belongingness and Mary Shelly is able to recognize this at age 18.  BRILLIANT.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I bought this CD after hearing 'Fast as you can' on the radio.. I'm usually not one to buy albums after just hearing one song, but I'm a sucker for female vocalists and Fiona has a great voice.  Luckily, I wasn't  disapointed.  Fiona has a great rich and full voice with a nice range.  The  emotions in the songs seems genuine and there's good variation of rhythms  and sounds throughout.  Most songs are just her with some strong piano and  percussion and occasional brass or sax, and her voice is always the  centerpiece. My only complaint might be that her song composition might be  a little on the simple side on a few of the songs, being a little short on  lyrics and high on repetition, but this is a great CD from start to finish.   <br />'Fast as you Can' is probably one of the best tracks, just because it  has really interesting beats and composition, but the last track 'I Know'  is just a gorgeous ballad, really showcasing her incredible voice.
0440219078|5.0|I thouroughly enjoyed The Giver.  I loved the odd little world that Lois Lowry created that worked perfectly.  I began to wish that I could live in the village.  This book aroused so many questions in my mind and gave me more appreciation for mankind in general!  Plus, the ending was wonderful  but I won't give that away!
630407185X|5.0|An all star cast, great acting, REAL German actors instead of Americans butchering the German language pretending to be German, historically accurate, no goofy romance subplots, ground assaults, airborne assaults,  the Dutch resistance, and no &quot;all Germans are evil Nazis bent on  killing everyone&quot; propaganda.<br />What more can you ask for?
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Whether or not you choose to support the political and activist views about which Rage's songs rant (I, for the record, do not), there's no denying the passion in their music. Here is a shining example of a band  that turns a deaf ear to the plastic, homogenous rock and roll industry and  just rocks its brains out. There's something very refreshing about that.  For my money, SLEEP NOW IN THE FIRE is one of the best pure rock songs of  the late 90s. Just don't ask me what it's about.
B00000J7S8|4.0|great cd to begin with, and live performance went way beyond it. lots of emotion and fire were added on. something noteworthy is the &quot;hidden track 13,&quot; which i think was written by clint eastwood, is my personal  favorite. it brought tears to my eyes.
B00000J8EK|4.0|The Chemical Brothers are at it again, but don't expect to hear the same style from their previous album because this time around they experimented and managed to pull out a really good CD. Most of their tracks such as  &quot;Music:Response&quot; have a trip-happy feel...almost Erasure-ish  like.  Don't be mistaken, even though this disc IS different than their  typical sounds, you still know that it's the Brothers behind it all. No  &quot;sell outs&quot; here, just a great artist spreading its style of  electronica to the outer limits.
6305622930|5.0|This movie was an excellent representation of the man the Germans hated, and the Allies despised.  George C. Scott gave a stellar performance, and could pass as Patton if given the opportunity.  Definately worth the maney  to buy for anyone who loves World War II movies, or is a history buff of  the era.
B000003BDJ|5.0|I was and am too emersed in too many bands and artists to attempt to start collecting the Rolling Stones' essential albums.  Their discography is way too big.  Hot Rocks has all of the really essential songs you could want(at  least the early ones).  It goes with me on every trip.  There isnt a bad  song on here (shocking, yes, I know).  In fact there isn't even a song that  is just okay.  This is two full discs of classic songs, perfect for someone  who isn't wholly firmiliar with the Stones.  It will make you want to buy  more of their records.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|With just 3 records in the last 7 years, you'd expect people to forget or ignore Rage.  But one taste of RATM is enough to hook you!<br />After their underappreciated 1996 effort, the team returns with a consistent and strong  record!  The Battle is one of the better albums to come out this year and  certainly deserves the the success it's received so far!<br />Tom Morello is  one of the most innovative guita players around and he manages to coax  amazing sounds from his guitar while the rest of the team is as solid as  ever.  Zack continues to write revolutionary lyrics and performs them with  a commitment that's admirable!<br />All in all a very good record.... nothing  that's very different from their other two albums, but a progression all  the same!
B000002BE9|4.0|This album is highly listenable.  Fiona shows a remarkable amount of range in both her singing and the mastery of style.  It boggles the mind to think an album this complex and mature came from a girl who had not yet turned  18.  Her voice is haunting, and her lyrics are chilling.  In fact, if there  is one shortcoming of this record, it is that the lyrics, undoubtably  sincere though they may be, sound affected because the themes explored are  so engrained in every song.
0964385619|5.0|THE CONTENTS OF THIS BOOK WERE SO POWERFUL IT DID TURN MY WORLD UPSIDE DOWN. FOR THE FIRST TIME SOMEONE HAS WRITTEN THE TRUTH ABOUT MONEY AND HOW TO LEVERAGE WITH IT! I AM 28 AND HAVE BEEN INVESTING IN STOCKS FOR 4 YEARS  NOW, MADE QUITE A BIT OF MONEY AS WELL AS SPENT QUITE A BIT MORE ONLY TO  WORK HARDER TO MAKE MORE. ROBERTS BOOK HAS CLEARED THE AIR OF CONFUSION  WITH PLAIN AND SIMPLE TRUTH. I FOCUSED ON MY NET WORTH, BOY WAS I MISLED.          TODAY I FOCUS ON MY TOTAL ASSETS! IF ALL YOU HAVE IS $20.00 IN YOUR  POCKET, BUY THIS BOOK, IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE AND GIVE YOU THE KNOWLEGDE  TO BE FINANCIALY EDUCATED AS WELL AS THE ONLY OUTLOOK YOU WILL NEED. I  SWEAR THIS BOOK CONTAINS SIMPLE TRUTHS THE COMPANY YOU ARE WORKING FOR  WOULD PAY FOR YOU NOT TO LEARN! A TRUE AWAKENING, THANK YOU SINCERELY  ROBERT.<br />             A FAN AND READER FOR LIFE, LAWRENCE GILES
B000021XR5|3.0|I suppose I should say that I enjoy this album much more than the last one.  Many of the songs are reminiscent of their first album, Core.  And I have to admit that a good portion of this record really rocks.  There seems  to be some anymosity fueling the fires of songwriting on this one.  There  are moments, however, that sound more like &quot;Tiny Music&quot; or more  dubiously Scott Weiland's solo album.  This record is a borderline 4 star  effort, and if you like &quot;Tiny Music&quot; and &quot;Core,&quot; you'll  probably dig &quot;No. 4,&quot; but I can't give it that strong of an  endorsement.  One thing I will say, is that the richness of Scott's voice  seems to be returning a bit, though it will probably never get back to  where he was on &quot;Plush.&quot;
B00000K19E|3.0|Okay, this film's kinda fun if you don't think about it too hard, but when people characterize it as &quot;thought-provoking&quot; or similar, I have to assume that they, ahem, don't read much.  I mean, really: The Matrix  doesn't have an original thought in its head.  The &quot;robots controlling  humans&quot; business plays *exactly* like something from an old issue of  Heavy Metal (now THERE'S a shining bastion of literary quality), and the  &quot;what is reality?&quot; affair has been done with *much* more aplomb  by such authors as Philip K. Dick, Samuel Delany, and Robert Anton Wilson.   And as for the characters...crikey.  What can you say?  Here's a fun game:  read Neuromancer, then watch The Matrix and shout out each character's name  as he/she appears.  You shouldn't have much trouble.<br />All in all, a truly  preposterous film, yet strangely enjoyable.  Just phase out the bits where  it tries and fails to be profound, enjoy the goofily mindless action  sequences, and laugh at the numerous unintentionally funny segments, and  you should spend an enjoyable couple hours.
B000001IQH|5.0|It took me a while to warm up to this one.  I wasn't into the whole ska thing, and I wasn't used to Rancid songs being much more than 2 minutes long.  I now believe this to be an absolute necessity.  It is an incredible  record.  Yes, they sound like the Clash, and yes, they are more successful  than many punk fans would like.  None of that matters when Tim, Larz and  the boys are putting out stuff this good.  If you like The Clash, or other  Rancid albums, or the East Bay Punk Scene, or even just Rock &amp; Roll in  General you should buy this record.  It is amazing from beginning to end.
6304457383|5.0|This is the movie that got me hooked on Audrey.  It's not too scary, but very syspenseful and everyone in it is great- Alan Arkin, Audrey, the &quot;nice&quot; bad guy, etc.  Everything works so well together, and it's  a very clever film!  The plot twists are great! and Arkin is fabulous!  I  can waitch this movie over and over, and never get bored!  In fact, I think  I'll watch it now!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This record is at least as good as Evil Empire, if not better.  If you like the progress these guys made between their first and second albums, you will probably really dig this one.  They explore some very new  territory, including songs that border on being ballads (dont worry, Rage  even manages to kick it on these tracks).  There is a lot of material on  this album that might remind the listener of No Shelter, from the Godzilla  soundtrack.  The best thing about this album is that the lyrical delivery  matches the song much better than some of their older stuff, which makes  these songs stand out in live performances.  Free all political prisoners.
B000023VR6|5.0|I had hella high expectations of this cd. i thought his first cd was the best hip-hop cd ever produced, and while this one doesn't reach that caliber, it comes damn close. The beats on this album are sick. There are 5  or 6 songs that should be dope singles, about 10 songs that are really  good, and a few that are average. but nothing less than that. if you buy  one album in the next few months, make this your choice!
B00000DBXL|5.0|Unlike its predicessor, Cake's &quot;Prolonging the Magic&quot; does not have a breakout MTV ready single.  The lack of a song like &quot;The Distance&quot; is easily forgotten, however.  The band has developed a  sound that is much more smooth and even throughout the album.  This  evolution can probably be credited to the new lineup.  Songs like  &quot;Where Would I Be?,&quot; &quot;Hem of Your Garment&quot; and even  &quot;Never There&quot; are perfect examples of this development.
B00000JZJ0|4.0|The uncut version is in pretty poor condition. The picture, particularly in dark areas is very pixelly, and the sound is so bad you have to crank it to even hear. This should just be seen as a curiosity because it's only 1  minute longer. The only difference I noticed was in the uncut version, I  think the Luetenant swings the dog an extra time and shoves his stump into  Francesca's face for an extra few seconds. That's it, really. If there is  anything else, it's certainly not noticed. Also it should be noted that  this film was shot in Super 35, because it went straight to video.  Apparently Brian intended the picture to be matted, and this is an option  that is provided. But understand that you are BLOCKING OUT A GREAT DEAL OF  PICTURE! It is just as if you took two strips of black construction paper  and taped them to your TV screen. The featurette is not narrated and is in  fact home movies strung together. It's only about 10 minutes long, but I  have to admit seeing David Gale with bat wings on his head playing cards  with a zombified Johnny Legend is simply hilarious. The box also makes it  sound like it has tons of stuff. Everything except the featurette is in one  file titled &quot;Casefiles&quot;, which is just a series of stills you  step through. For example, &quot;conceptual drawings&quot;. There are 2-3  drawings in this mix, as well as 2-3 paragraphs of text regarding the  production. All these bloopers, behind-the-scenes, etc. are all part of the  featurette, which I think is misleading. The highlight of this disc is the  commentary. I have the 10th Anniversary LD for Re-Animator, and it has one  of the best commentary tracks I've heard, so I was excited to get this DVD  for that reason alone. Here's a case where the jacket doesn't do the disc  justice. There are 2 seperate tracks, one with Brian, George, Tom, Howard,  Greg, etc., and the other with the comedic stylings of Jeffry Combs and  Bruce Abbot. They have a blast reliving the film and tearingit apart at  the same time in the vein of Mystery Science Theater 3000. Buy this DVD for  this feature alone. Although the featurette is pretty cool, it is way too  short, and the other features are more or less a let-down.
B000020617|4.0|If I were a negative person, (which I can be), I might be inclined to say that the Foo Fighters continue their slow decline on this record.  Fortunately for them, I am a pretty devout fan, and enjoy this record more  with each listen.  Still, I would not be servicing you, the potential buyer  of this album, if I didn't mention that the Foos' continue their somewhat  off-putting tendancy to put the hook of a song in strange parts of the song  instead of the chorus (See Generator on this record, or Everlong on the  last one, both good songs, but...).  Perhaps this is a purposeful departure  from the syle Nirvana used.  Anyway, there are some good songs on here (if  you are into the band), but probably not another Big Me or Everlong.   Strictly for the Foonatic.
B00000JPH5|4.0|A silly but thoroughly enjoyable kid's movie, with lots of fun Henson creations. Displays a level of imagination equal to films like The Dark Crystal and Return to Oz, though it is not quite as thoroughly haunting as  either of those movies. Still, it can't be denied that Labyrinth has a  powerful atmosphere and a true sense of wonder, even during the David Bowie  musical interludes. A fun little gem.
B000002AZ8|4.0|This record, in my opinion, represents Pearl Jam's most lackluster effort. That said, Vitalogy is a better album than some bands can ever hope to create.  That is as simply as I can put it.  Pearl Jam has created a very  high standard for itself, and if this album doesn't cut mustard, it is only  because they chose to stick &quot;heyfoxymophandlemama, thats me&quot;  (stupid mop), and &quot;Bugs&quot; on here.  Some might say that  &quot;Satan's Bed&quot; qualifies as filler as well, but it is as good  &quot;Blood&quot; and other such tracks on previous albums.  Even though  this album is substandard fare from Pearl Jam, I consider it a must have.
6305165912|3.0|The Coen brothers are okay in my book, but I'm not crazy about this one. I strongly disagree that the dialogue is anywhere near as wonderful as it's been said to be. Since it's the Coen brothers it's a given that there are  going to be some very clever and funny moments, but a great deal of the  dialogue seems painfully forced and awkward, especially during the first  half-hour or so. John Goodman is especially bad. I *like* John Goodman, and  he was incredible in Barton Fink, but here, it just seems like he's trying  too hard. During one of the opening scenes in the bowling alley, when  Goodman's character is introduced, I felt like I was watching one of his  not-so-funny Saturday Night Live skits, but with loads of profanity added  in. And that's another thing ... the profanity. Now don't get me wrong, I  have no problem with excessive profanity whatsoever in and of itself, but  ... it just feels very forcefully inserted in this film. The style of the  dialogue reminded me of Quentin Tarantino's, but ... in a really poorly  done way. However, the film does have things going for it. The awkwardness  of the script lessens as you get into the movie a bit, and there are some  wonderful scenes. John Turturro is hilarious (and such a fine, fine actor!)  The visual style is as rich as can be. The in-jokes and references are  generally amusing, though they give the movie a self-indulged sort of feel.  In any case, take it for what it's worth, but ... there are better films.
B000003CKH|4.0|Long since I stopped listening to this record on a daily basis, I still find myself whistling &quot;Frank Sinatra.&quot;  I want so badly to give Fasion Nugget 5 stars, but while interesting and fun the first couple of  time you hear them, the cover songs don't really do it for me.  Just the  same, there is seldom a dull moment on this record.  Fasion Nugget is  lightyears ahead of Cakes debut, Motorcade of Generosity.  If you liked  &quot;The Distance&quot; or even &quot;I Will Survive,&quot; you will like  the rest of the album.
6304414048|4.0|Powerful and very well-acted. I'm not that keen on Elizabeth Shue, but she manages okay, and Nicolas Cage is brilliant. It's embarassing to see this and then think of what he's done since. In any case, I didn't feel Leaving  Las Vegas was flawless (the end struck me as a bit much), but the drama is  compelling. Hopelessly and mercilessly depressing -- it left me feeling  almost frighteningly cold and numb on a number of levels. I would never  criticize a movie for being depressing, but just be aware of what you're  getting into when you sit down with this one.
B0000027RL|5.0|Pearl Jam will probably never touch this level of divinity again.  What is more amazing is that a record this good was written in two distinct steps, the instrumentation was laid down long before they had a vocalist or  lyrics.  This record has a permanent place on my desert island top 10  discs.
B00000JMQD|4.0|Return to Oz is one of the finest children's movies I've seen. It *is* very strange, and the atmosphere is very minimal and haunting, but these are the very things that make it so rewarding. In the vein of other  admirable children's movies, like The Dark Crystal and the Neverending  Story. Your kids need to see something a little more evocative than the  formulated Disney classics once in a while. It's good for them. And by the  way, I intend no condescendence in referring to Return to Oz and the others  as &quot;children's movies&quot; -- I think it's a highly worthwhile  addition to the collection of anyone with a sense of whimsy and  imagination, (who doesn't require non-stop &quot;uplifting&quot; cliches in  order to enjoy a film.)
B000002UAR|5.0|It is a tight race between this, Sgt. Pepper and the White Album, but this is my favorite Beatles album.  Eleanor Rigby is probably the most overlooked song in their catalogue.  This was the first Beatles record I  ever heard, so if you are looking to expose yourself to the fab four, and  havent already gone ahead and bought one of the countless greatest hits  records, I recommend this one.
B00000JPH4|4.0|It's not quite as compelling to me as it was when I first saw it as a wide-eyed and easily frightened little kid, but this movie is so chock-full of imagination, aesthetic brilliance, and amazing sets and creatures, that  it is difficult to even think of giving it less than four stars. It is  quite dark and scary for a children's movie, but I would never for a second  suggest that any parent deprive their child the experience of seeing it.
B0000028UK|5.0|It seems rare that a band with a debut as popular as Ten was for Pearl Jam lives up to the hype surrounding their second release.  Vs. lived up to the hype, and even exceeded expectations.  While it sounds rather removed from  the Classic Rock sound of Ten, Vs. was an important step toward where the  band is now.  The result of the band's experimentation (for lack of a  better word) is an exceedingly listenable record.  Out of Pearl Jams five  studio albums todate, Vs. has some of the most artful tracks, including  &quot;Indifference&quot; and &quot;Elderly Woman...&quot;  In a welcome  contrast, Pearl Jam delivers some full throttle rockers as well.  Some  tracks don't work as well as others, such as WMA, but even this is worth  listening to.
0767830555|2.0|Overrated. The concept is interesting, and De Niro is great in his role. But this film just doesn't particularly inspire anything, at least not in me. It's an interesting character study, I suppose, and I'll give it some  credit as such, but the further into the movie I got, the more I speculated  on whether there weren't a number of far more rewarding films I could be  spending time with in its place. The story just isn't very interesting, and  the end ... is flat-out silly. Travis Bickle would've been put to death,  not heralded as some kind of hero. For all the gritty &quot;realism,&quot;  of the movie, this is a pretty major plot-hole to overlook. Eh.
B000002BBY|4.0|Oasis clocks in with another pleasant collection of rock songs on this album, one of the better albums of the 1990s.  However, this collective effort doesn't match any of the masterpieces released by the Beatles...then  again, how many albums can match the biggest selling act in music history?
B000003N89|5.0|I first happened upon this CD at a listening station at the record store.  I admit I first clicked over to it thinking, &quot;Who's this pretty white chick from Canada who thinks she plays jazz?&quot;  Man, what a pleasant  surprise!  From the first phrases of &quot;Errand Girl for Rhythm,&quot; I  was grinning with the mischievous fun of it all.  Soon I was unashamedly  bopping about with the headphones on, listening to track after track,  wincing sliding through the sassy swing of &quot;Frim Fram Sauce,&quot; and  wincing with the bluesy tang of her ballads.  Needless to say, I spent some  money that day.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|tom morello should leave this trite group of rejects and do his own thing because he's the only one with talent!
B000002IRL|5.0|This CD is by far one of the best that Overkill has to offer and that is saying much because this band has never put out a bad CD.  It is a shame that Overkill never have had the status of a Megadeth, Anthrax or Slayer, because this band is HEAVY!   This CD hits you hard and takes no prisoners.
B00000JHAU|5.0|This may be one of the greatest indie recordings ever. The band: a six piece set of wimps hailing from Glasgow, Scotland, led by a scraggly prodigy known as Stuart Murdoch. The sound: priceless, darling music that  has a backbone. The songwriting on, &quot;If Your Feeling Sinister,&quot;  is some of the best in years, with both breathy, ethereal ballads about  Bible Studies/S&amp;M, and romping tunes about why not to look back like  Dylan in the movies. A great album for everyone.
0451191153|5.0|This review is written in response to the &quot;anti-objectivist&quot; review that you can find on this same page. I feel that &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; has many great things to offer the reader and I  definately recommend it. I have read some extremely intelligient dissenting  reviews of this book and had to bow to those reviewer's reasoning  abilities. BUT - the &quot;anti-objectivist&quot; should not be allowed the  status of monkey for his horrible pseudo-logical take on why he doesn't  like &quot;The Fountainhead&quot;.
6305372411|5.0|I watched this series with my two children ages 3 and 6 and we were all mezmerized. It really captured the excitement of the era. I highly recommend From the Earth to the Moon as well as October Sky and Apollo 13.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The Culmination of Michael Kamen and Metallica is something I have been waiting for quite some time.  Metallica's Music bleds wonderfully with the Orchestration background provided by the Orchestra and Kamen.  You would be  suprised of what Michael Kamen has been a part of musically.  Just listen  to a few of the tracks and you'll agree with me.  Metallica fans will love  this immensly.  Trust me.
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt Pepper was the turning point in music as we know.  Rock ceased to be a popular fad and became an art form all because of this record.  The lyrics of Lennon and McCartney are enchanted, and the concept of the album was  unprecedented at the time.  BRILLIANT!
630516889X|5.0|This is a classic. It shall remain my favorite for many years to come. The Soundtrack was superb, the cast was allstar, and the visual and sound effects were absolutly ingenius. Stan Winston is a genius. Every one should  see this movie.  May Kevin Peter Hall rest in peace, after that horrible  disease he contracted.
B000006OBQ|5.0|If you ever saw him in person you must have this album. If you never had the chance, you must have this album. There are so many GREAT arrangements and soaring notes here that I'm completely at a loss as to why this doesn't  go down as one of the greats. Basie and Jones are incredible. Sinatra is in  &quot;whiskey voice&quot; which means he's not sweet and pliable, rather,  strong and deep. The greatest recording he ever made outside of the studio  is this rendition of &quot;Where or When&quot;. He and the boys just kick  the daylights out of it. Skip the monologues.
630516889X|5.0|This is a classic. It shall remain my favorite for many years to come. The Soundtrack was superb, the cast was allstar, and the visual and sound effects were absolutly ingenius. Stan Winston is a genius. Every one should  see this movie.  May Kevin Peter Hall rest in peace, after that horrible  disease he contracted.
B000031XCR|5.0|I just bought the cd. And I loved every song. I listen to it all the time. I have just about every cd that she has released. I think Celine is a very good artist.
B000023VTQ|5.0|I loved Notting Hill, it was very romantic. So I decided to buy it. And I watch it again &amp; again. And I will recommend it to all my friends. Because, this is a film you can watch with the one you love.
B000002U94|5.0|Arguably one of the greatest Rock &amp; Roll albums ever.  I defy anyone to put 'Old Time Rock and Roll' on the car stereo, crank it up, and NOT  find yourself courting a speeding ticket!  Classic after classic.   'Hollywood Nights', 'Against The Wind', 'Night Moves', and on and on.  And  then there's 'Why Don't You Stay' - one of the sexiest songs ever recorded.   You've got to have this album.
0385484518|5.0|BUY THIS BOOK! Excellent, leaves you with the urge to call the one mentor in your life who helped make you who you are and say thank you. Well written and thought provoking, buy it for a friend.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|Besides Braveheart, this must be my favorite movie of all time.  I must've watched it over 20 times!  I bought it on VHS &amp; have been long awaiting the DVD format.  I finally got my DVD tonight &amp; was very disappointed that some of the great music was left out!  What happened to Clannad's  performance of &quot;I Will Find You&quot; while Hawkeye is searching for  Ms. Munro?  That song is so haunting &amp; I felt like it was a huge  dis-service to fans of this movie to leave it out of the DVD version!  So  much for director's cuts.  They seem to always stink - i.e., Blade  Runner.<br />5 stars if they had left Clannad's song in.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Wow, this CD is amazing. It contains JLP songs, SFIJ songs, and brand new ones! Princes familiar, King of Pain, and These R the Thoughts, really add beauty to this album.  I saw MTV's unplugged and when i heard these new  songs i knew i had to get a copy! They are terrific! Alanis also takes her  older released songs and does nice improvisations, etc on each one. Each  song is done beautifully and is a must have! =)
B00002MZ2T|4.0|A lot of the songs on here are slow -- &quot;Gunning Down Romance&quot;, &quot;You Can Still Be Free&quot;, &quot;Two Beds and a Coffee Machine&quot; as well as a few others.  If you like Savage Garden's slower  songs on the first CD, then you'll like this CD.  If you're more a faster  song fan, then I would get the &quot;Animal Song&quot; single. &quot;You  Can Still Be Free&quot; is by far the best song on the CD.
6304698798|5.0|Ya know, there are several movies in the world, but this has to be the best of all time.  This is a film that I could watch several times a day and never lose interest if I had the time.  There is something about it  that cannot be explained.  The scenery is perfect, and Tuco was probably  the best character to ever be paired with the man with no name.  I think  that maybe I like it because Eastwood is not really the GOOD.  He is the  least evil and slimy of the trio.  This was the first DVD that I purchased,  and the one that is my player the most often.  Check it out, and check out  Fistful and For a Few Dollars more.  They lead you up to this.  Strange  point though.  Eastwood does not acquire the famous poncho until GBU.  Is  it first chronologically?  You decide
0385484518|5.0|I began to read this book after my father passed away from ALS.  It was one of the hardest reads of my life.  I am glad that the book did not focus on this horrible disease.  If you know anyone that has lived through this  disease, you would appreciate Morries zest for life until the end.  This  book changed my life and it will change others , if you open your heart to  it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This double live album is PURE Metallica.  What else can you say?  Metallica has once again proved that they can do it all.  They are 'the band' and for all the morons that say they are sellouts...you just do not  know good music.  You can only play thrash/speed metal so long, and  Metallica has proven that they can adjust and still produce a quality  killer album.  I own Kill 'Em all all the way up to S&amp;M, and I can say  that I love all their music.  I dont throw in the towel once a band cuts  their hair.   the odasity those guys must have!  wanting to be able to see,  or realize that the eighties are in the past!  I dont see Fred Durst of  Bizkit with a long mop...let it go people!   the music is still good!
0061002747|5.0|THIS IS THE GREATEST MYSTERY I HAVE EVER READ! IT HAS SUSPENSE, COOL CLUES, AND IT WAS HARD TO SOLVE. I GIVE THIS BOOK 5 STARS FOR A GOOD REASON.
B00002Z88D|5.0|What can I say except that I was skeptical until I heard the first song on VH1, then I knew that I had to have this CD.  I'm a big Metallica fan, but RELOAD kind of took some faith out of me.  This album put it all back plus  extra.       The band and the orchestra rock.  Hetfield sounds better than  ever, he's taken his vocals to the next level.  Lars is adequate as usual,  Jason's bass is thumpin', and Kirk is downright wicked (who says  over-the-top rock guitar is dead?). Hetfield's rhythm chops prove that he's  the best rhythm guitar player since Keith Richards.  Don't expect any long  or varied guitar solos though, Kirk burns them pretty much note for note  from the albums (which isn't neccesarily bad, if you want improv get the  boxed set).  The orchestration forces the already tight band to be even  tighter.      Michael Kamen (whose worked with Clapton, Dylan, Queensryche,  and on Metallica's &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;) conducts one of the  America's premeir symphony orchestras.  Sometimes the orchestra doubles the  band parts (&quot;Devil's Dance&quot;, &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot;)  and sometimes they play a countermelody (&quot;One&quot;, &quot;Bleeding  Me&quot;).       The two previously unreleased songs (&quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot; and &quot;- Human&quot;) are worth the price of admission  alone.  A high paying risk from a band that never compromises.  Grab this  thing and bang your head.
0061002747|5.0|This is the best mystery I have ever read! It has detail, cool clues, and it was hard to solove. I rate this book 5 stars for a good reason.
B000001FTD|4.0|Also called the thrash bible, Among the Living is probably the best Anthrax album ever.  Anthrax is one of the best and influential thrash/speed metal bands ever, and this is the album that emphasizes this  point the most.  Classics such as the title track, &quot;I am the  Law&quot;, &quot;Efilnikufesin&quot;, and &quot;Skeleton in the  Closet&quot; will be written down in metal history.  Bellandonna has strong  vocals, Ian helps nicely.  Spitz and Bello perform excellent work on their  instruments, and Benante just ripping up the drums.  Anthrax should have  made more albums like this
B000006NUW|5.0|Growing up in Los Angelas in the early 60's. As a little boy all I had was my little transister radio to keep me intertained. We had Beach  Boys,Beatles,4 seasons etc. etc. But when a Motown tune came on everybody  just had to stop and dance. Little kids don't know anything about  stereotypes,we just know what we wan't. And Motown was giving it up. Song  after Song, Year after Year. From Smokey Robinson (Mickey's Monkey)to the  Temptaitions (My Girl). Supremes ( Baby Love) to the only singer to bring a  tear to my eye, Gladys Knight (Heard it through the grape vine). I bought  this cd collection for my sisters birthday gift,But it just never made it  that far.(I got her something else). The problem with disco in the seventys  was.Someone was trying to force us to dance.Order us into it! But the  Motown sound(as it was and still is called)just has a natural feel &amp;  grove to it, you just can't stop. Take it from a nice little white boy from  LA,who is now a grown man with kids of his own. GOING TO A GO  GO,EVERYBODY!  A must for any multyplay disc machine, just push RANDOM  SELECT,and go,baby,go THANK YOU VERY MUCH! JAMINJIM
1893364003|1.0|I ordered this video based on the strength of its reviews and was more than surprised at their disparity with the actual work. This appears to be a student project, created by someone with very little experience, a great  home computer system and some video editing software with irresistible  plug-ins. I hate to knock someone's sincere effort, but I feel compelled to  save others from spending so much without fair warning.<br />Ineffectual  static graphics are heavily layered over tiny windows offering only  occasional glimpses of dancers' limbs. I can envision an effective use of  textures and filters applied behind the dancers' movements, but as it is,  the ethereal motive of the work is almost completely obscured by  heavy-handed geometries and unsophisticated symmetries harshly  superimposed.<br />I'd give the student a C+ for effort, but I certainly  wouldn't pay for the video if I had it to do over.
B000002UDB|3.0|Magical Mystery Tour for me doesn't rank among other Beatles albums due to its 'stuck-together' nature (The first side coming from the EP of the same name and the second from 1967 singles releases) however on its own it is an  intrguing work.<br />The album contains some of the fabs' fabbest moments such  as the phenomenal Strawberry Fields Forever, I Am The Walrus and All You  Need Is Love (all songs which are probably better than the majority of  those on 'Sgt. Pepper') but is hindered by self-indulgent tracks of  psychadelic mayhem (Flying, Blue-Jay Way).  <br />More than probably Lennons  best album, more than probably McCartneys worst.  But buy it anyway and  light up a big joint.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Rhapsody is an Italian power metal band, who mix metal and classical.  Check out their album to see how to really combine these two kinds of music.
B00000273M|4.0|Only 4 stars because this album contains &quot;Eternal Flame&quot;, the one Bangles song I really can't stand and the song that, according to reports, tore the band apart. The Bangles did better songs than the ones  that became hits and most of them are housed on &quot;All Over the  Place&quot;, their first full length album. It appears to me that this disc  was put together by the record company to showcase Susanna Hoffs and her,  at the time, forthcoming solo debut. I love the inclusion of &quot;Hazy  Shade of Winter&quot;, one of their best featuring 4-part harmonies, but  really could have done without &quot;I'll Set You Free&quot;, another Hoffs  ditty. Better choices abounded, including &quot;James&quot; and &quot;All  About You&quot;, both great Vicki Peterson-penned songs, &quot;Something to  Believe In&quot;, Michael Steele's ballad that kicks the snot out of  &quot;Eternal Flame&quot;, &quot;Watching the Sky&quot;, a dark rock song  by Vicki, showing off her fantastic vocals and &quot;September Gurls&quot;,  Michael's great cover of an Alex Chilton classic. If all you remember of  the Bangles are their hits and are happy with that, this disc is for you.  Interested in hearing more and seeing how truly talented this group was,  start first with &quot;All Over the Place&quot;, then work your way to  &quot;Everything&quot;.
B00000IMTF|5.0|This is Rainbow's best album and best (of many) lineups. From the opening keys of &quot;Tarot Woman&quot; to the final sounds of &quot;Light into Black&quot;, this is awesome. What a who's who of rock-Ritchie Blackmore,  Ronnie James Dio, Tony Carey, Cozy Powell and Jimmy Bain. None of these  guys ever sounded better than they did here. Especially cool is the  keyboard solo on &quot;Light into Black&quot;. Tony Carey gives me goose  bumps when I listen to it. Too bad he left the band after this. He was  replaced by David Stone (who? Where is he now?). I have listened to this  disc so much, that I have to get the remastered version.
B000002S4V|4.0|For those looking for the &quot;Last Word&quot; in solo piano repertoire: LvB's final half-dozen sonatas on his favorite instrument, recorded by British pianist Solomon (nee Cutner) between 1951-1956, just before his own  career-ending stroke.  To those who think Sviatoslav Richter's  &quot;TEMPEST&quot; and Rudolf Serkin's &quot;MOONLIGHT&quot; and  &quot;PATHETIQUE&quot; are definitive: so too are these.  With only minor  sound issues (a small edit blip towards the end of Sonata No.31 and Mono  sound in general) these performances transfix more than all the others   (Brendel, Kempff, Pollini, Hess) I have experienced.  Listen to No.32  and... The End.
B00000K3CK|5.0|No other movie makes me feel more in the christmas spirit ( which is no easy task considering I'm atheist ) than this Holiday classic. Edmund Gwenn is perfect as Kris Kringle. Maureen O'Hara, Natalie Wood, &amp; John Payne  are all splendid. A can't miss movie for any time of year.
B00000IQBM|4.0|As a technical director in a very subjectional thinking media business, I can fully understand why some &quot;bad comments&quot; &amp; &quot;bad reviews&quot; of the &quot;bad DVD&quot; were given.  But...while working  for a very single minded...very focused...very perfectionistic media talent  myself, I more so understand Stanley Krubrick's request to have the viewer  &quot;view&quot; the work as &quot;he&quot; viewed it.  That is to  say...one mindless reviewer said something to the nature that the DVD  version on his home theatre &quot;surround-sound-dolby-pro-logic-5,000  channel-THX-super-dooper-cienema-head &amp;  balls-to-the-wall-megaplex-titanical-killer&quot; system sounded....WEAK!  Well put yourself in Krubrick's shoes in the late 70's/early 80's  production field you Joe Schmoe!  The whole &quot;idea&quot; for DVD (I  believe)is to &quot;FULLY&quot; try to convey &amp; have you see what the  creator/director saw &amp; filmed...in his eyes, not in some souped-up,  re-re-re-re-remastering lab that has a tendency to put out over-glorified  &quot;never-meant-to-be-coloured-that-way&quot; re-re-re-re-releases!  If  it looked &quot;hazy&quot; or &quot;fuzzy&quot; and sounded  &quot;narrow&quot; or &quot;pointed&quot;...well maybe...just  maybe...that's the way Krubrick &quot;specifically&quot; invented that  particular wheel to &quot;specifically&quot; carry his particular  thought's. Duhhhh!
B000002A46|5.0|I own some classic Christmas albums like Nat King Cole for example, and now, Mariah Carey's Merry Christmas. It has the catchy Christmas standards like &quot;Joy to the World&quot; and &quot;Santa Clause Is Coming to  Town&quot; and there are great original tracks like &quot;All I Want For  Christmas Is You&quot; and &quot;Miss You Most (On Christmas  Time)&quot;----this album covers all the basic ingredients that takes to  become a standard classic. Her flawless and incredibly touching vocal  performance on &quot;Oh Holly Night&quot; sends chills down your spine and  the Mariah-penned &quot;Jesus Born On This Day&quot; is a beautiful hymn  that uses a boys' choir, an incredible production. Although I do feel that  her attempt at singing gospel is not very convincing, I still find the  collection of songs irresistible. When you're by the fire and contemplating  your Christmas tree with a loved one, put MC's Merry Christmas on your CD  player and cuddle, it doesn't get better than that.
6305095566|5.0|Evil Dead takes place in a cabin in the woods where a handful of post-teens encounter demons summoned by the book of the dead. An absolute masterpeice! There is, for this genre, an amazing amount of suspense, and  even for this genre, an amazing amount of gore in this late 70's flick.  Many critics rate it the most gory movie of all time! But don't let that  throw you- It is what horror is supposed to be- a carnival ride in the form  of a movie. Definately recommended is the first sequel- Evil Dead II- Dead  by Dawn. Not to be ignored is the subtle level of dark (and I mean dark)  humor in Evil Dead. It's at the tp of the line for horror fans and just  people looking for a good scare alike.
6302293553|5.0|This movie Is so damn funny. There so many funny scences; The killer bunny, the bridge keeper, the knights of the round table song, Dennis's economics, the black knight, the witch proving, the discussion of swallows  and coconuts, castle anthrax, the french castle, swamp castle, the cave,  and the blessing.
6302798450|3.0|The third installment of Sam Raimi's Evil Dead series was more of a comedy than anything else. It doesn't have the tight, one-room suspense of the others, and it's even a bit cheesier (impossibe? Aparently not!), but in  the end it's worth seeing. Check out other horror reviews by me.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Dramatic, poetic, densely beautiful.Radiohead has created the best album ever.After a masterpiece (The Bends, 1995) and a very good album (Pablo Honey), Radiohead have made a real album, which shows different musical  landscapes, ilimited prospects, which travels from complete real sadness  (Lucky, Exit Music), to the ponit where Radiohead tries other musical  genres (Climbing Up The Walls, Airbag) and develops a more mature,  complete, the best album in their career.  I recomend it to all Radiohead  fans, but dont take it quick, Ok Computer is their most comlicated (people  think its complicated...why? ), creative work, with not a single POP  tune like their other works (except HOW AM I DRIVING?).  My best album in  my 234 collection.....    greetings,    a 13 year old from which youll  never get his real name....
6305095566|5.0|Evil Dead takes place in a cabin in the woods where a handful of post-teens encounter demons summoned by the book of the dead. An absolute masterpeice! There is, for this genre, an amazing amount of suspense, and  even for this genre, an amazing amount of gore in this late 70's flick.  Many critics rate it the most gory movie of all time! But don't let that  throw you- It is what horror is supposed to be- a carnival ride in the form  of a movie. Definately recommended is the first sequel- Evil Dead II- Dead  by Dawn. Not to be ignored is the subtle level of dark (and I mean dark)  humor in Evil Dead. It's at the tp of the line for horror fans and just  people looking for a good scare alike.
0440131480|5.0|I am a grade 11 student and I had to read this book for an assignment. It is the best book I have ever read and it kept my attention for the whole time. It was so good that I was tempted to read it for one whole day.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed is flying with the release Human Clay.  In our own lives, we are all to be molded by God, and Higher is just the song to remind us of that.  Grunge is back and this album is confirmation.  Scott puts his heart and  soul into every song and it shows. Buy this cd and crank it!
B000021XS0|5.0|Louis Armstrong created jazz on the streets of New Orleans at the beginning of this century.  Forty years later, Miles Davis recorded 'Kind of Blue', establishing jazz as a serious art form.<br />In the fifties, Chuck  Berry began playing the standard 12-bar blues to a new upbeat shuffle and  created rock and roll.  Here we are, about 45 years later, and Dream  Theater's 'Scenes From a Memory' finally establishes rock music as a  serious art form, on par with jazz and classical music.<br />There's so much  good stuff to say about this album that it's difficult to know where to  begin.  Perhaps a good overall statement which accurrately describes this  album is: 'Best Rock Album of All Time, By Far.'<br />This album is what  happens when you take a band which has already established itself as the  most artistic and talented band in rock, and add in Julliard-trained,  former child prodigy pianist Jordan Ruddess.  Those of you who follow  classical piano may recognize that name as the young man who was slated to  inherit the legacy of Van Cliburn as the next great American pianist.  But  instead, he decided to play rock music.<br />And boy are rock music fans  lucky.  The addition of Ruddess was the final piece necessary for Dream  Theater to write and record the revolutionary album everyone know they  would someday.  This is it.  From the opening track, which brings us into a  detailed story about intertwined lives in the past and the present, to the  astounding finale, which is unlike anything ever recorded in rock music,  Dream Theater takes the listener on a musical adventure unlike any ever  recorded.<br />Besides having the furious disregard for the convention of  writing music that stays in one meter that Dream Theater has become known  for, this album explores Eastern music, 20's ragtime, dark classical  sounds, gospel, and, of course, the heaviest hard rock.  Perhaps the most  amazing track on here is the 4 minute instrumental, 'The Dance of Eternity'  which basically is music without the confines of bar lines.  There is no  consistent meter at all, yet you can't help but bang your head because it  grooves so hard.  <br />Also notable is 'The Spirit Carries On', where the  story climaxes with the narrator learning the themes.  This gospel rock  number features the most soulful guitar playing I've ever heard, and when  the singer goes up to the tonic to finish the song, it's enough to bring  you to tears.<br />Overall, Scenes From a Memory is an album that no one with  a pulse should be without.
B000031XCR|5.0|The greatest hits package is a great way to hear the impact Celine has had on the pop music scene in the 90's.  Unfortunately for cd length restrictions, some of the &quot;hits&quot; tracks are radio edits, and end  up losing a bit of their power. It's All Coming Back To Me Now is much  stronger as a 7 minute song, rather than 5. But, the songs chosen do  represent a solid mark for this brilliant singer.  Not including Where does  My Heart Beat Now only makes sense in order to give consumers an incentive  to buy her Unison cd. But not including any selection from Unison, doesn't  give credit to where credit is due.  The new tracks are fierce, especially  That's the Way it Is (Max Martin's finest effort so far), and Diane  Warren's desperately impassioned -- I Want you to need me,- very  reminiscent of Water From the Moon and many other Warren ballads, is one of  the album's shining moments. However, Horner's Then you Look at Me is  rather weak, (compared to My Heart..., and Tina Arena's Zorro anthem). All  in all, a teriffic cd, and a great lead in to Celine's inevitable return to  reclaim her diva status in the next millennium. PS. thanks for including  David Foster's best work &quot;To Love You More.&quot;
B00002MZ12|5.0|If there was a choice of  up to ten stars I would give it 10 to show how much I like it. This is one of the best cd's I've listened to in a long time! I think the best song on the cd is &quot;Head Over Feet&quot;. Listen  to it and it will cheer you up!
0671578278|5.0|My best friend introduced me to LMB's books in 1992... and I've hung with baited breath for each subsequent release since.  In Mirror Dance I feared along with Mark, in Memory I felt desperation and identified with Miles as  he (and I) ended our military careers, In Komarr I wept with Ekaterin in  frustration with her imprisoning marriage.  After the last few books I  couldn't conceive of how LMB could wring more raw emotion from me.  Now I  know... and the emotion is  joy.
B00002Z88D|2.0|If you are remotely interested in this (or even if you don't like Metallica at all) you should check out CDs from Apocalyptica - &quot;Plays Metallica&quot;, and &quot;Inquisition Symphony.&quot;  It is essentially  Metallica on prozak - very cool stuff in my opinion.
0671578278|5.0|My best friend introduced me to LMB's books in 1992... and I've hung with baited breath for each subsequent release since.  In Mirror Dance I feared along with Mark, in Memory I felt desperation and identified with Miles as  he (and I) ended our military careers, In Komarr I wept with Ekaterin in  frustration with her imprisoning marriage.  After the last few books I  couldn't conceive of how LMB could wring more raw emotion from me.  Now I  know... and the emotion is  joy.
B00000721B|4.0|I recently received the UK version of Paul's All The Best CD from Amazon.com.  I must say that it is a fine companion to the US version.  It is interesting to what the differences are between the two and what was  considered to be a hit outside the US.  Among them: &quot;Once Upon A Long  Ago&quot; was never released here and it makes a fine contribution to the  CD. &quot;Mull of Kintire&quot; is another gem found on the Wings greatest  album from 1978 and not released here previously.  &quot;We All Stand  Together&quot; is an interesting track from 1984 which may not have been  acceptable for the American market at that time.  All in all this is a  great CD and is highly recommended!
0792842723|3.0|Dont get me wrong. I loved this movie. The only things i would have changed would be that Boris should not have died. &amp; Alec Trevelyn (006) shouldnt have died and should have killed Bond and started his own series.  NO ONE WOULD EXPECT THAT.
B00000ICLV|5.0|I HAVE JUST READ OTHER REVIEWS FOR THIS DISC. MOST ATTEMPTING TO GET INTO THE BRAIN OF IAN ANDERSON AND PICK THIS RECORD APART. HAVING BEEN A TULL FAN FOR YEARS , I TOO WAS NOT HAPPY WITH THIS RECORD WHEN I FIRST PURCHASED  IT. THE SOUND WAS A LITTLE DIFFERENT AND THE LYRICS WERE &quot;SIMPLE&quot;  FOR AN IAN ANDERSON WRITTEN RECORD. HOWEVER , I SEEM TO GRAVITATE BACK TO  IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. OVER THE YEARS IT HAS GROWN ON ME AND I FIND MYSELF  BELIEVING THAT THIS IS ONE OF TULLS TOP 5 LP'S.ALTHOUGH &quot;SIMPLE&quot;  AS I DESCRIBED IT...MUCH THOUGHT WENT INTO THIS RECORD AS DID A SOUND THAT  WAS FAR AHEAD OF IT'S TIME. (I DIDN'T SEE THAT IN 74') ANYWAY , I THINK  THIS DISC IS PERFECT FOR THE  YOUNGER BUYER WHO WANTS TO HEAR MORE OF TULL  AND IS FAMILIAR ONLY WITH WHAT THEIR CLASSIC ROCK RADIO STATION OFFERS UP.  IT TOOK ME 25 YEARS TO FIGURE IT OUT , BUT I'D GIVE IT TEN STARS IF YOU LET  ME.
0788803743|4.0|I know a lot of people who didn't like this movie because it completely twisted the facts of history. And we know that's true. However, speaking as a history buff, I have to say that those changes didn't hurt my enjoyment  of this delightful piece of family entertainment. The music is solid and  quite lovely, written by two professionals from Broadway, Alan Menken and  Stephen Schwartz. The story, while somewhat sappy for adults, will bring  knowledge against prejudice to the young minds who watch it. The things  young children view has a profound effect on the rest of their lives, so  why not give them something with a message? I hardly consider this a great  film, or a film that is in any way historical fiction. However, this film  has many good and cute sides, and can't be judged to harshly for what it  lacks.
B00000DCWQ|5.0|MY TITLE FOR THIS REVIEW SOUNDS FUNNY I'M SURE. HOWEVER, TO THOSE WHO HAVE HEARD THIS ALBUM ON GOLD DISC (OR NOT) KNOW IT'S TRUE. THE GOLD DISC ADDS ONLY TO THE SOUND QUALITY , THE ORIGINAL QUALITY OF THE ALBUM SPEAKS FOR  ITSELF. TULL IS CERTAINLY A MUSICAL TASTE AQUIRED (MUCH LIKE A GOOD  BOURBON) AND LIKE THAT BOURBON THIS ALBUM DOES NOT HAVE ENOUGH O'S IN  SMOOOOOTH. WHEN THIS ALBUM WAS RELEASED IT CONTAINED A LOT OF THE SAME TULL  THEME BUT THE MUSIC WAS A BIT OF A DEPARTURE FROM PREVIOUS ALBUMS. (AGAIN ,  AN AQUIRED TASTE). IT HAS ALWAYS TASTED JUST FINE TO ME. IF YOU PURCHASE  THIS DISC AND LIKE IT , YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY RETURN TO AMAZON AND ORDER  &quot; HEAVY HORSES&quot;. THIS ALBUM IS OF THE SAME VEIN AND JUST AS GOOD  AN EFFORT. IF YOU BELIEVE YOURSELF TO BE A PERSON WHO LIKES THE FINER  THINGS IN LIFE , ORDER BOTH THESE DISCS NOW .... YOU WILL NOT BE  SORRY.....AND WHILE YOUR LISTENING YOU CAN DRINK THAT FINE BOURBON FROM THE  CUP OF WONDER!
B000001BX0|5.0|This cd represents the anger of a younger, socially opressed generation screaming for justice and acceptance. The lyrics are a little rough but: the end justifies the means.
0451167716|4.0|A compelling page-turner!  Don't let the setting fool you;  this is a story of passing-on from father to son.  All else orbits this.<br />I've read another comment saying the characters lack emotion.  In such a setting  emotion is a deadly weakness as Vito and Michael learn too well and Sonny  fatally doesn't.  Such &quot;lack of emotion&quot;  - more like  &quot;control of emotion&quot; - is the tone of the story.  That Vito sheds  a tear for his son's massacred corpse sets the undertone of family love and  loyalty.<br />Everything in the movies is in the book because none of these  elements are wasted.  The book's detours to otherwise peripheral characters  are why I gave this book 4 instead of 5 stars;  I would have given a 9 out  of 10 if Amazon allowed it.
B00000DGUG|4.0|SFIJ is not as flashy as JLP, which might explain why it's not selling as well.  But beneath the surface, it is deeply philosophical and reflective.  Every song has a unique story/message to tell, making the CD like a  collection of poetry.  All of the songs are revealing and interesting, but  my favourites would probably be Thank U, Can't Not, UR, and Joining You.   Alanis has more soul than most other female artists and is not afraid to  express herself.  This particular arrangement of songs is more unusual than  that of JLP, but it is definitely worth listening to and it shows a  different side of Alanis Morissette.
B00001QGPS|5.0|I have been listening to rap for quite a long time and Blackout would rank up there with The Chronic, Ready to Die, and Me Against the World. Meth and  Red know how to work a song. Mixing both of their flow, they have developed  a CD which is on the verge of perfection. Meth and Red boom on the song  &quot;Blackout&quot; and take us on a &quot;murda&quot; trip with  &quot;Cereal Killer&quot;.  Possibly the best (and shortest)song would be  &quot;Da Rockwilder&quot;. MUST BUY
B00000099Y|5.0|Aenima is a dark and aggressive aural assualt. Heavy music in the 1990's has been heavy on philosophy and social commentary and this album is no exception. As musician, I find that the album is well played, arranged and  recorded. Clearly, the &quot;heart&quot; of this band is drummer Danny  Carey, whose precise drumming and speedy double-bass work propel the band's  tempo and low-end metal crunch. I hear a lot of stylistic influences on  this album, in particular, Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin (&quot;Push It&quot;  evokes memories of Zeppelin's &quot;No Quarter&quot;)and  &quot;stop-time&quot; changes used by Rush and many of the speed metal and  thrash bands of the 1980's. I think this is a good &quot;cross-over&quot;  album where metal heads and alternative-types can find common ground.
1559408898|5.0|Contrary to the previous post, Robocop IS presented in it's correct, original aspect ratio of 1.66:1 as the director filmed it.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celion Dion is one of the world's greatest voices. Her music is not only enjoyable but also very uplifting and inspiring. Her lyrics are true to form and she is a real superstar. I must commend her on her latest CD. And  I sincerely hope she is not gone to long. Voices like hers are truly one in  a million.
B000000W5L|5.0|This is my favorite album of all time.  So many incredible songs, it is pointless to list them all.  If you're looking to get into the 'Stones (and I think, deep down, everyone is, if they're not into them already), this  isn't maybe the best place to start, but after a few listens to  &quot;Exile..&quot;, you will fall in love with this album.
B000002HMH|1.0|Maybe I sound like a lot of people but I really like Master Of Puppets and I think it's one of the best thrashmetal albums recorded ever, but Load and Reload? They are not worth a cent. That's it.
B000023VR6|3.0|This album starts out bangin but the end of the album is obvious filler. I guess maybe I expected too much from Dre. It's still worth buying though.
B00000K19E|5.0|Every sci-fi movie claims to be the best since Blade Runner,now there is a new standard The Matrix defines the cyberpunk action movie better than any live action movie ever made. This dvd has some of the best supplemental  footage on any dvd to date with features that enhance the experiance not  just tack on garbage that takes up space.
1885283148|5.0|I read this book before I was interested in space and astronomy.  It changed me forever.  There is no better book for telling you &quot;like it is&quot;.  Not a lot of hindsight or second guessing, just good narrative  as if you we're there.  It's number one on my list for gifts to anyone who  can read!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I bought this CD a few days ago, and I still feel like I am listening to a new CD every time I listen to it. The inclusion of the SF Symphony adds a lot to all of Metallica's songs. The sheer amount of detail that is in each  song means that you can listen to a song over and over again and every time  you hear new things. Excellent CD, especially if you know all the great old  songs, like Puppetz, Ktulu, Bellz and One. The song No Leaf Clover is an  excellent new song, very well done and suited to the classical side of  things too. If you are a Metallica fan then you probably already have it.  If you are not a Metallica fan, maybe because you think they are crazy head  bangers or something, listen to this CD and you just might change your mind  about them.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Tidal was an impressive accomplishment for an artist still in her teens. When The Pawn... is simply an impressive accomplishment, no caveats required. Apple's lyrics, compositional style and voice have matured considerably, and the results make me suspect that in a few more years, we'll all be eating her dust.<br />I was bemused by the review a few down that claims that most of the songs are just vocals, piano and percussion with the occasional brass. Sure, I guess, if you leave out the guitars, bass, vintage keyboards, vibes, sound effects, and entire freaking orchestras.  This is by no means a spare album, and the suggestion that it is does a disservice to the many top-notch players who've elevated When The Pawn...  from a powerful statement by a singer/songwriter to a near-masterpiece - Jon Brion, Matt Chamberlain, and Jim Keltner among other studio greats.  <br />Highly, highly recommended.
B00002Z88D|1.0|These guys must be desperate for dollars. Ever since the &quot;Black&quot; album, these guys have really gone downhill.  They used to be awesome, now I expect to hear their music in an elevator.
B00002Z88D|4.0|It's different from any of their other CDs.  It's not as loud or as hard as their older music but that's probably because of the orchestra in the background.  The orchestra plays great but you can't really hear them all  to well in some parts of the songs.  But when you do hear them, then the  song sounds a tad better.  They add another dimension to the music.  The CD  would be a little better if the orchestra had a bigger impact, but what are  you going to do?
B000031XCR|5.0|A great way to leave us, with a record that has all her top hits and some new recorded songs.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|I just gave the 1 star to get your attention. In a lot of the reviews i am reading I see people criticising RATM for their beliefs. In one review they are criticized for supporting the Zapatistas in Mexico. The Zapatistas are  not terrorists they are simply a group of people who want what is  rightfully theirs. If you're going to say something about one of the causes  RATM supports do a little research first.<br />P.S. the CD's great but not as  good as the first one.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I love this album. I read some rather negative reviews on this page and so was quite apprehensive about buying the CD and risking disappointment, but I'm so glad I did. It has become one of my favourites that I have listened  to many times over and not tired of. Although Ms Krall's piano playing  doesn't feature as strongly as in some of her other recordings, her voice  is warm and sultry and makes up for the minimal piano. <br />The arrangements  of the well-known golden oldie numbers are sensitive and creative. I  especially like the slow bossa nova on &quot;I've Got You Under My  Skin&quot; and &quot;Let's Face the Music and Dance&quot;. &quot;I'll  String Along with You&quot; is infinitely romantic, while the fun of  &quot;Devil May Care&quot; and &quot;The Best thing For You&quot; is  infectious and adds a piquant flavour to a sexy album.<br />This album is best  enjoyed with a loved one and a sundowner, but I could listen to it anytime  and be totally absorbed by the music's warm glow.
B000005IZ8|4.0|Although similiar to Koyaanisqatsi, in terms of style, the flavor of this recording is different.  It has many different influences, from regions throughout the world, different styles and tempos.  The recording quality  of the copy I have of this album is excellent.  Don't expect this to be the  same as his other works.  Its still a worthwhile purchase, if you enjoy  Philip Glass' overall style.
B000001GBJ|5.0|This CD never fails to relax me after a lousy day at work. It is always soothing, not one harsh note or jarring moment. Even the more up-tempo &quot;The Rap&quot;, the only really lively tune on the album, is a joyful  celebration of life.<br />When I was choosing a selection of CDs to play  during my son's waterbirth, I didn't hesitate to include this one for its  calming, gentle sounds to help both my wife and myself to relax. Jonathan  was introduced to the world with the beautiful strains of Secret  Garden.<br />This is soul food. If you need to let it all out, this is the  music.
B00002Z88D|5.0|It's not often that you have one of the best, prolific metal bands playing with violins, cellos, etc. The new songs are great, particularily &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and the symphony adds emotion to what were already  emotional songs(like &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; and &quot;Until It  Sleeps&quot;).  This band has got guts and take chances.  I can't wait to  see what they come up with next.  A must-have for even the casual Metallica  fan.  Don't pass this one up!
B000002MP2|5.0|one of the best punk albums ever made, it launched green day into the mainstream where, unlike the pathetic blink-182, their music carried on its tradition. there's nothing like dookie for the pure classic tunes, partly  because everyone knows them, partly because it just takes you back. the  bottom line is that, above all else, it's fun, and isn't that what good  music is all about?
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album is even better than I expected.  This record contains many great songs I already love plus some new cuts that are quickly growing on me.  The orchestra adds a new, haunting sound to already excellent  songs.Altough they are amazing throughout the entire album the orhestra's  talent really stands out in Call of the Ktulu from the Ride the Lightning  album.  The two new tracks, No Leaf Clover and Human, will satisfy any  Metalica fan's hungar.  Simply, Michael Kamen and the boys from Metallica  made an amazing record, and that's that.  There is one word that describes  this album better than any other, and that word is &quot;Amazing.&quot;   Thank You.
B000001IPL|5.0|it's fast, it's punk, it's fun, and most importantly, it's the energy that makes this album. unlike americana or even ixnay, the energy and the pulse are consistently up for the whole cd. my favorite offspring cd by far.
B00000DMJF|4.0|It's a great album but if you're new to the Beatles, you may want to start off on a safer album.  The White Album is an eclectic mix and fairly  experimental out of all their albums.  It won't have the radio hits that a  novice Beatle fan would recognize.  However, if you like experimental and  not the stereotypical Beatle sound, pick this album up.
B000000FG8|5.0|i'll admit that not every song on this cd really tickles my fancy, but with so damn many of them i can't exactly complain. it's simply essential; come on, green day's cover of &quot;knowledge&quot; is way back on  39/smooth. yeah, it's old. &quot;it's 1989, stand up and take a look  around.&quot; knowledge and &quot;sound system&quot; are timeless classics,  and for a more punky interpretation of the same unique theme, there's  always rancid.
B00000I8BX|5.0|Fear Factory is one of the heaviest bands out today (with the exception of Six Feet Under). Some of the stuff where he sings like a choir boy used to get on my nerves but I now realize how much it needs to be there. If you  like heavy metal or just feel like spending 20 bucks buy this CD.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|i get the sense that americana is the product of a sort of identity crisis with these guys, like they want to play punk but they also want to make money. i got sick of &quot;pretty fly&quot; and &quot;...get a job&quot;  pretty quick, but those were just the concessions to airplay -- however,  some of the tunes were punk enough to recall the brilliance of  &quot;smash.&quot;
0380002930|5.0|I really enjoyed the book because I read the book as my A.R book for school and it was real cool how they survived through all that they went through.I really mean it the book was awesome.I havent took the test yet  but I hope I get 100% on the test because hte book was real cool!Has anyone  else read the book. If you do you will enjoy it.           Sincerely,             Amanda
B00002Z88D|5.0|As soon as I heard about Metallica Releasing S&amp;M, I thought it was a great idea.  I have every Metallica Album from Kill em' All to Garage Inc.  and this is the most stunning piece of work that they have ever done.  I  heard &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; on the radio and I thought it was the most  innovative and amazing song I have ever heard before.  Great album.
B00002R0MC|5.0|DO. NOT. GO. WITHOUT. THIS. BOX SET!   I can't believe that it is out again.  I remember when I got it when it first came out and all of the cd's got scratched, this is definetely on my all time favorite list.
B00002Z88D|5.0|As soon as I heard about Metallica Releasing S&amp;M, I thought it was a great idea.  I have every Metallica Album from Kill em' All to Garage Inc. and this is the most stunning piece of work that they have ever done.  I  heard &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; on the radio and I thought it was the most  innovative and amazing song I have ever heard before.  Great album.
B0000026UV|4.0|Mark Knopfler is a solid musician, but he's got one style that he does really well, and it shows.  This isn't so evident on his own stuff, but when he plays with someone else, it really comes out.<br />On this CD, Chet  Atkins totally serves the groove, no matter what song he's on.  In  contrast, Knopfler seems bent on dominating the groove, and forcing it into  his own limited style.<br />That said, it's a good thing it's him playing with  Atkins, instead of someone else.  His careful, precise style serves as the  ideal counterpart to Atkins' lazy, groove-laden licks.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Without a doubt, this is and will be one of the finest albums released in 1999. All the old favourites are here as well as a two new tracks. The SF Symphony blend in magnificently with the form of speed metal that is  Metallica.
B000021Y7W|5.0|Up until its recent rerelease, I had been searching for a copy of the film to see if it was truly the epic masterpiece everyone had made it out to be. One could imagine the thrill I had upon hearing about the rerelease with  enhanced sound and picture. After viewing the film initially, an epic  masterpiece was an understatement. This film is monumental! The energy  never diminishes from David Byrne's opening solo rendition of &quot;Psycho  Killer&quot; up until the ending number &quot;Crosseyed and Painless&quot;.  It didn't stop the crowd from dancing in the aisles at the end. I was very  impressed with the rhythm elements in all the songs....there was never a  moment where my foot wasn't tapping. And don't forget Jonathan Demme's  brilliant camera work, as complemented by David Byrne's artistic use of  lighting, shadows and color as conceived for the stage. I was mesmorized by  the creativity involved not only in the songs, but with the solos as well.  Bernie Worrell and Jerry Harrison have the keyboards sounding like no  other, and Alex Weir and Byrne had fascinating rhythm elements as well.  <br />I would HIGHLY recommend you purchase this VHS/DVD. I truly see why this  is the best rock film ever, and I believe you will as well.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr Dre is 1 of the best producers, and rappers there is. This album is off the hook, it's my 1 of my personal favs this year. This and Kurupt Tha Streetz iz a Mutha, are the best albums that have came out for a while. I  think it's just as good as the original. Just a little difference in the  style. But Dre is still that same ol' G!
6305603847|4.0|&quot;Pink Floyd the Wall&quot; is what it was always supposed to be...a visual experience.  The music from the original LP hit us hard enough, with such poignant tunes as &quot;Hey You&quot;, &quot;Vera Lynn&quot; and  &quot;Mother&quot;, not to mention the showstoppers &quot;Run Like  Hell&quot;, &quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot;, and &quot;Comfortably  Numb&quot;.  It was a natural progression that a movie came out, and I'm  glad it did.  The result is powerful.  The film creates an eerie, sad,  desperate and pervasive world that envelopes you, taking you in and down  with the movie's anti-hero, Pink.  His life is one of rebellion and  loneliness, and he never quite comes to terms with himself until the end,  when it's really too late.  From his early experiences with bitter and  sarcastic headmasters to his final drug overdose and near insanity, we get  to run the gamut of experiences with him, and if it isn't always  satisfying, it is certainly compelling.  One of the most memorable, tragic  scenes involves Pink's crew trying to get him ready for a gig, while he's  whacked out on pills and whatever else is handy.  As they drag him, wasted  and near-comatose, to the show he must play, he hallucinates that he's  literally rotting away, while the song &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; drones  ominously on the soundtrack.  The result is frightening, and very good.   <br />Not for the squeamish, this movie has many brilliant little moments like  this, and as a whole, ranks as one of the more intense dramas ever made.
6304675348|1.0|This film was tolerable at best. I've seen real horror, and this sure aint it. Throughout the entire film I was able to predict to myself what was about to happen. I think it's time Wes Craven does away with boring,  predictable conventions and gives us a real scare.
0393317552|5.0|Diamond illustrates over and over again the importance of a few key aspects of the early history of civilization.  In the absence of what we would refer to as culture, or of great differences in cultures from place  to place and time to time, the ability or inability to put at one's  disposal the basic necessities of life go a long way toward shaping the  futures of early societies.  Geographical contingencies, then, have  everything to do with early development.  In spite of what many might wish,  this is an almost entirely apolitical work, dealing primarily as it does  with pre-modern history.  This is a book whose lessons you will long  remember.
B00001QEE6|2.0|The movie's great.  The lack of stars refers to the current Disney administration's poor presentation of their titles on DVD (no doubt because they're going to release them AGAIN down the road with extras and try to  charge their customers AGAIN.  What villains!<br />According to a review at  dvdfile.com, this classic as actually filmed in two aspect ratios.  Disney  did not bother to include both on this DVD.  Here's a sample from the  dvdfile review:<br />&quot;A word to the folks at Disney: by keeping prices  high and features down, you're helping to alienate even your staunchest  supporters, of which I used to be one. Unfortunately, not  recommended.&quot;
B00001MXWX|4.0|The third outing for the next generation crew was a treat for all.The battle between the Federation and the Enterprise-E command staff was a example of how big government overlooks its responsibility for the sake of  many.I recommend this movie to all,anyone could enjoy and understand it.
B0000021RD|5.0|not much to say.pure poetry from world's most legendary music group.years ahead.
B0000060NA|5.0|I've had Songs.....on wax for years, therefore I hadn't listened to it in many many moons, and finally bought the CD.  I had forgotten how great the entire work is.  Joy Inside My tears made me wanna slooooow dance with my  darling bride.  Truly a masterpiece!
0446525537|5.0|This is the best book that I have ever read!  It is beautiful and sweet and it just touches your heart and makes you cry!  It is so easy to relate to the characters and it makes you believe that the world actually is a  great place.  Jamie really does make you feel great.  Nicholas has written  an absolute classic in my mind here and this book deserves more recognition  than it has received.
B00000J8EK|1.0|I bought Dig your own hole a while ago and then Exit Planet Dust. Both are good; but if you listen to them you discover a formula for the Chemicals: tracks 1-3 punchy, bassy, dancy music, tracks 4-6 or 7 more experimental or  poppy, tracks 7-9 groovier rock-techno, and then a nice coda with a female  vocalist. I really liked the &quot;waking up, sunday morning&quot; song on  dig your own hole, I hated the noel gallagher song (setting sun) in the  middle of the cd. Well, this cd is pretty evenly divided between  experimental stuff, which is fine but not too exciting, and things like  setting sun. If you liked setting sun, get the cd. Otherwise don't.  (Caveat: orange wedge is quite good.)
6305594252|5.0|Yes, I like the cast of the series better, but THE MOVIE CAME OUT FIRST!  Don't review it based on the cast of the series, as this was the basis for that series! The movie was great, good suprise hit..had all the elements of  a great action flick.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nevermind is a great ablum , with many strong songs , I advise anyone who likes rock to listen to this ablum , however it is not the greatest ablum of the 90s. There are three ablums which are stronger then this .The first  two being Gun's n Roses &quot;use your Illusion 1 and 2&quot;. The third  belonging to Nirvana's arch rivel Pearl Jam's &quot;Ten&quot;. Of coarse  none of the ablums I have listed above brought as much chane to the music  industry.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Amazing Fantastic Beautiful Impressive Metallica delivers yet again, but this time with an orchestra...it's unbelievable how good this is. Metallica once again proves that they are the best performers/musicians out there.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I never thought that in all my life that Carlos Santana would sell out and make a record this bad.Its just pop garbage like Ricky Martin or the spice girls.Its almost like the ablum has a formula or that it was desined by a  record company .The name Santana gets the older generations of music  listeners to buy the ablum and all the guests &quot;artists&quot; get the  younger generations to purchase this. Personaly I kinda hope that  Supernatural was the idea of a corperation and not Santana, that way future  ablums won't be as bad , because Carlos Santana is a nice guy who in the  past has made some excellent ablums.
6305627401|5.0|This movie is GREAT, you can see it over and over and never lose interest in it! It is a great gift for all hard-to-please South Park fans! But, if you are offended by profanity, don't see it. There are lots of hidden  messages. Watch it and find out what they are!
B00002MZ12|4.0|It's a good album if you love her song &quot;Ironic&quot;,and it provide you a different Analays with what you know her before.It's a nice buy on the hell.
B00000163G|5.0|I could've done better. The production on some trax was muddy(Only God,etc), and who knows why the track All About You was included. It shines  not.However, when you consider that this is a double lp, you gotta expect  that there will be one or two lame trax. But in the end, only God can judge  this album. I give it five stars.
B000000OTU|5.0|This CD has so much good music on it; I love it!   Among the best are 'What It Takes', 'Amazing', 'Crazy', and 'Janie's Got A Gun'.  Aerosmith tops themselves with this one!
6305064490|5.0|There is a darkness in this movie that few seem to notice.  George Bailey's thwarted dreams haunt the picture.  I always picture him shaking Mary, saying he'll never get married.  Pottersville is the dark shadow  beneath Bedford Falls.  In our era of self-regarding, the movie's message  is taken to be that we are all really important.  I see the movie as a  commentary on the thin veneer that is civilization and community.  Look at  this movie again, uncut, uncolorized.  Note the shadows.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I feel the need to discredit all negative commentary on this cd.  &quot;Alanis Unplugged&quot; will actually prove its own integrity to anyone who listens to it.  The songs are beautiful, well-performed, and  thought-provoking.  Alanis's delivery is full of honesty and emotion.  Her  performance of &quot;King of Pain&quot; is incredible. Other highlights  include my favourite Alanis song, &quot;Head Over Feet&quot;, as well as  &quot;No Pressure Over Cappuccino&quot; and &quot;Princes Familiar&quot;.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This Cd ROCKS! Any anti-Limp Bizkit can just go back to their dumpster
B00000J8EK|1.0|Wow.  How nauseating.  Hey B, Hey G would be ok if you took out the self indulgent lyrics where they refer to themselves as &quot;super star djs&quot;.  Out of control is okay.  As in I only threw up my lunch. But  the rest are even more so ineffectual and annoying and weak. I was so  looking forward to this album as I was the new NIN album, NIn failed worse  but the Chems failed pretty badly too.  I was sickened to se 1000 copies  (literally) of it for sale at my local Best Buy store when it came out, gee  I bought one, but I didn't realize when a store has 1000 that must mean it  is cheap.  Oh my, and it was.  Play with a $1500 keyboard at radio shack,  you might some of the same effects, they left there old stlye whichi can  respect coz change is cool, dont get stagnant, but they left it for  somehting really, really bad.  <br />Bye Bros, Ill miss ya.  I can only hope  they don't make yet another embarrassing album that borders on self parody.
B00000016O|5.0|when first heard hotel,said to myself 'what a nice surprise'.the traditional music from the far east is so different to amer,why i'm a fan of these western classics , although the oriental also has its charm.wish  sometime i can share eagles in the hot summer night along the white beach  in cal, of course must stay in hotel california.
B00003000M|5.0|This cd is good in a lot of ways but the main reason is the track from Lauryn Hill &quot;Turn your lights down low&quot;. This track put lauryn and Bob side by side as if he was still alive to do it in the studio. Other  good tracks are: 1,2,5,8 and 10. The reviewer in here who rated this as  just wack must have been listening to another cd...because this is the best  I have ever heard hip/hop and reggae come together. This cd is good for  cooling out, studying, etc. This is technology at it's best. Bringing dead  artists to life. Some of the songs didn't add anything extra but overall  the whole thing is good.<br />If your looking for something new to add to your  cd collection.....get this!
0590353403|5.0|This is the BEST book I've ever read.  I see all of these third graders saying how this book is SOOO great and I feel really stupid.  But then I got over it because this is just the BEST book and I don't care who knows  it.  Hey, all of you skeptical way-too-cool teenagers out there:  I AM  FIFTEEN YEARS OLD AND I STILL THINK THIS BOOK IS GREAT!  if you read this  book, though, you just won't be able to stop.  you'll have to read every  one in the series to be even a little bit satisfied and then you'll have to  wait in agony while Ms. Rowling writes the rest!   Also, if you absolutely  love the Harry Potter books you should read Tamora Pierce's  &quot;Immortal&quot; series, which starts with the book &quot;Wild  Magic.&quot;  Also by Ms. Pierce is the &quot;Lioness Quartet&quot; of  which I recommend the first and second books but DO NOT read the third or  fourth under threat of SEVERE DISAPPOINTMENT.  Anyway, I am still anxiously  awaiting the next Harry Potter books but please, Ms. Rowling, DON'T KILL  RON OR HERMIONE!
B00002Z88D|5.0|At first I was rather skeptical about this combination. I mean, how can you mix Metallica and a classical symphony orchestra? Yet, I decided to keep and open mind and I have only this to say: Only Metallica can pull  something like this off. The seamless interpolation of symphonic melody  with Metallica's hard, heavy rock makes their music whole in a way I never  imagined. I recommened this album to ANY metallica lover, if you're a long  time fan or just starting out. Definately 5 stars! Keep it up Metallica!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is one great album. I am so glad to see them play with a Syphony Orchestra because I enjoy both to listen. This is one album with the greatest songs and tunes and to have the Orchestra back it up is truly  amazing. The concert at the Garden was great. Buy this album I know I will.
B00002MZ12|5.0|My oh my how Alanis has come so far in such a short time. Her elegant rhythm and balance portrays much more than a talented voice. Her energy represents a modest but dominant female artist and humanitarian  that shows  how dedicated she is to do an MTV unplugged album. It reminds me a lot of  the Alice in Chains unplugged that happened in 96. You may ask how? Well  there's only one unique sound that can be made from an unplugged version.  The atmosphere ensures that a mid-tempo sound will illustrate the  genuineness of all the instruments and people who play them. I can give you  many reasons to buy this album but mainly buy it because its an unplugged  album.
B00000K31V|4.0|Existenz should not be mentioned in the same breath as the Matrix.  Doing so would mean that there will be many disapointed people out there who have been violently denied their 2 hours of meaningless special effects and bad  acting.  David Cronenbergs films are always strangely funny, tongue in  cheek and filled with more than a passing sense of irony.  The fact that  people have bagged this film based on it's apparent similarities to the  Matrix, I'm sure, would put a huge smile on Cronenbergs face.  Indeed, he  achieved his goal.  Were you watching this film? Beautifully shot and  acted, David Cronenberg has once again provided a smarter product for more  discerning viewers.  If you don't get it, you are what this film is about.  Funny.
B00002Z88D|4.0|This one is for fans of Metallica's Load/Reload-era stuff.  If you're looking for thrash, you'll have to look somewhere else.  The songs that sound best with the symphony are the ballad-ish ones:  Ktulu, Outlaw Torn,  Bleeding Me, etc.  Possibly the coolest version of NEM yet.  The orchestra  adds some heaviness to Thing That Should Not Be and Sad but True, and  provides good intro work in several places (Battery, -Human).  Some of the  faster songs (Fuel, parts of Master of Puppets, etc.) seem kinda forced  though, like it's just Metallica playing with an orchestral sound track  behind them, and nothing's really being added to the experience.  Not their  best (hardest), but definately worth having if you like &quot;new&quot;  Metallica.
0679746048|5.0|i am under twenty five years old and was locked in the mental health system for 5 years as a teenager and the world and ideas and perceptions this book paints are dead on. forgeting how to use phones... that is my  dominant impression. this is not as strong as the bell jar but better than  prozac nation, which was still a great book.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Quoting the words of James Hetfield, &quot;Did you hear the one about the rock band that wanted to play in a symphony?&quot;  Better yet, of all the possible choices, can you imagine that band being Metallica?  A year after  releasing Garage Inc., the boys from San Francisco are back with their  first live album since the Binge &amp; Purge set.  S&amp;M - get your mind  out of the gutter - brings us a compilation that no one could have  expected.  <br />Just how do you put the voice of lead singer/guitar James  Hetfield, the amazing solos of guitarist Kirk Hammett, the head-banging of  bassist Jason Newsted, and the thumping of drummer Lars Ulrich together  with the strings of the Michael Kamen's San Francisco Symphony?  Forget  about how it was done - just prepare to be amazed.<br />The album was recorded  back in April when the two groups met for a performance in Berkley, CA and  contains material from the band's previous albums including Enter Sandman,  Master of Puppets, For Whom the Bell Tolls, and One.  The group complements  these classics with two brand new songs, No Leaf Clover and Minus Human,  both highlighted by great melody from the symphony.<br />The first of the  double-CD set features an opening with Ecstasy of Gold and The Call of  Ktulu, featuring a great instrumental performance by the symphony.  The  `Tallica boys soon turn things up with Master of Puppets, Hero of the Day,  Fuel, and The Memory Remains, along with other familiar tracks from Load  and Re-Load.<br />In the second half of the set, we are treated to classics  like Wherever I May Roam, Sad But True, Nothing Else Matters, and One.   Other works from the self-titled album known as Black, Load, Master of  Puppets, and ...And Justice for All of finish off the  performance.<br />S&amp;M will satisfy both long-time Metallica fans, as well  as the newer ones.  There may not be many new songs, but the performance  with the symphony shines a whole new light on the classics.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I just got this cd today and it is awesome. It has their greatest hits from all of their cds. The symphony really gives it a nice sound. I highly recommend it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I got to See Metallica play with the st lukes orkastra at MSG on Nov 23, and it was awsome. the played all the songs listed on this albulm and i was so suprised on how the orchastra was able to keep up with the power and  talent of METALLICA
6302968135|5.0|Blood In Blood Out is one of the most epic and powerful movies i have ever seen. Besides a great cast of actors, this movie contains a strong storyline which emphasises the importance of family and brotherhood. The  lives of the three main characters in the movie, Pako, Miklo and Cruz, are  portrayed using violence, drugs and prison life to express the anguish and  mistreatment of the chicano people. Blood In Blood Out is definately a must  see movie.
6300189473|5.0|My partner and I think this is one of the most wonderful Christmas films ever made. The Santa is so believable, in looks, voice, size and smile.<br />The only problem for us is that it is only available in USA and  Canada format on video.<br />Us poor &quot;BRITS&quot; would also like to own  the video.....come on guys, there is an incredible market here.......GIVE  US A UK FORMAT VIDEO! .<br />Merry Christmas, and a very happy Millennium to  all our readers!<br />Simon.
B000009DUY|4.0|The SPR CD is an emotionally moving set of musical pieces that can be listened to again and again.  There occurs war along with it, but the clash between the serenity of the music and the violence of war provokes a  profound disturbance within the audience, where one may not quite know what  they are feeling .  The most interesting part of the movie, involving  music,was when the soldiers where sitting in a crumpled town/city (towards  the latter half of the film), listening to the  opera singer(s)performing a  most beautiful piece of vocalizations one would expect not to hear in the  context in which it was (who was this singer?). The soft sound of the brass  against the harmonizing background of many voices tells the audience that  there can be peace in the midst of war, whether it be the peace of and in  death (final rest), or the peace that eventually follows the ravages of  war.
0380018179|4.0|The novel starts out fascinating, and I could hardly put it down as I was drawn into the Cleary family's life. I felt it really lost steam in the last third of the book as Justine was not a strong or interesting enough  character to carry the story. The author also includes a grossly  stereotypical and inaccurate portrait of a lesbian couple later on in the  book. She sure lost credibility in my eyes for that.
0465068359|3.0|There are couple problems with the book, some of the dates in the book are wrong, for example, she claimed that the Tokugawa family ruled Japan during the 1500s, which is an event that never happened. Others include pictures  that seem to have been attached by mistake, since they weren't revalent to  the event at all. Also, there are a few vague generalizations in the book  that seem rather, disturbing... <br />I am assuming that she did not do any  research in Japan, since she stated that Japan forbids its citizens to  involve themselves with subjects regarding the Nanjing Masscre. Again, this  is not true, because there are many books and researches done in Japan  regarding the Nanjing Masscre.
6302968135|5.0|This movie is really good. Not only because it's accurate, but because it's a movie that will not bore you. Keeps you into it all the way through. By the way....... THERE IS A SOUNDTACK! -&quot;Bound By Honor&quot;
6305609721|4.0|Already owning this movie on VHS, I was reluctant to purchase it on DVD, but after seeing it Widescreen DVD, it is DEFINETLY worth getting the DVD. This is my favorite of the Star Trek Movies with the original cast members.   The plot is great, and the comic element in the movie is played just  right, especially with Spock and his &quot;colorful metaphors&quot;.  The  action in the movie also keeps you on the edge of your seat.  There are a  few inconsistencies with the Star Trek saga, i.e. how easy it was for the  crew to travel back in time.  But overall it's a great movie. Also the DVD  Featurette with Leonard Nimoy on the making of the film was very  interesting; especially how they did the special effects with the Whales.
B00001YXH5|5.0|Finally it's here, Quidam on Video. My favourite touring show, with \\"O\\" taking the top marks in the fixed location department. After endless e-mails to Cirque's marketing department, on when it would be out, it comes  just in time for Christmas. Shot in Amsterdam, The Netherlands back in  April this year, the show does a great job capturing the images of the  show. From the joyfully opening of Chris Lashua's German Wheel via the  erotic Aerial contortion in silk by Isabelle Chasé to the heart-stopping  Banquine finale by the entire cast. Many acts are shortend, espcially the  playfull diabolos and hoop acts, others such as the Manipulation act, did  not play in Amsterdam. However, the Manipulation act is replaced by the  wonderfull Handbalancing, which used to alter with the diabolos back in the  states but is back as a full act here. One thing is great though, and  please Cirque take notice, One boring clown act per show is really enough,  and really takes enough speed out of the show, Quidam would be even better  without Les Malcoma and with another act!, John alone brings more laughs  than those three idiots from France.<br />Having seen the show 11 times, I  would certainly say that Quidam on Video is something else than Quidam  live, feeling the bass in the tent during the Statue just adds to the whole  experience. Being in the tent Cirque is a 360o experience something that is  very difficult to capture on tape, even with Yet, the video provides 90  minutes of non-stop entertainment  that is not to be missed. The quality of  both the sound is so good, it eliminates the need for a Quidam live CD,  since the orginal version just lacks many of the wonderful show tracks.  <br />Indeed 5 stars for this video of this 5 star show. Simply because it  does what it should do: it reminds you of a great night, it can't compete  with it, but hey for the price you can't even buy a restricted view seat  and then you certainly won't see and feel as much of the show as you dowhen you buy this wonderful tape. Now let's all keep our fingers crossed  for a full version of Mystére on Video in 2003!, which shouldn't be that  hard.....
B000001FS3|5.0|This is the best album U2 has ever made. The best songs are not just the big hit songs, they are also &quot;One Tree Hill&quot; and &quot;Exit&quot;. You will question your own government after knowing the  real theme behind &quot;Bullet The Blue Sky&quot;. (Click 'yes' that this  album helped you)
B000023VR6|5.0|this cd i sooo banging.  beats are off the heeze
6305627401|5.0|THIS IS NOT FOR CHILDREN! Now that the disclaimer is out of the way... My review is simple.  You'll either be totally offended or laugh your backside off.
B000002UR7|5.0|Pablo Honey is exellent album like Bends and OK. I don't see diferent in quality. I don't understand negative reviews of Radiohead fans.
B00001U0DP|5.0|For thoes of you who have seen it, does &quot;Life Is Beautiful&quot; have any swearing or bad scenes in it?  Why is it rated PG-13? I would love to get it, however, I need to know these things before I do. If you can help  answer my questions, write to me at Nicolette_F@usa.net.  Thanks!
B00002MZ12|2.0|I was really looking forward to this disc, as I have enjoyed Alanis' previous live material - such as her acoustic version of &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; from the Grammy's several years back, and more recently, her  performance of &quot;Uninvited.&quot;  I've seen her live in concert twice,  and she put on an amazing performance both times.  Here, however, her  vocals seem flat and lifeless, particularly on &quot;Ironic&quot; and  &quot;You Learn,&quot; which should have been the stand-out tracks of the  album.  Her cover of the Police's &quot;King of Pain&quot; isn't half-bad,  nor is &quot;You Oughta Know,&quot; but overall, a major disappointment.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Metallica's take on the classic songs covered in this album is both original and challenging.  I still find myself amazed at what they were able to do with Seger's &quot;Turn the Page&quot; - as soon as the crush of  metal guitar takes over the track, the song becomes something entirely new  and wonderful.<br />Disc 2 is a must-own for any metal fan.  Even die-hard  metal heads will not deny that Metallica's versions of these old songs are  uniformly better than the originals.
B000002BFL|4.0|I just witnessed Bruce's Nov. 14 show in Cleveland, Ohio, from the fourth row.  To sum it up, I was deeply moved.  It was almost a life changing experience.  Bruce played a couple of songs from this album,  &quot;Youngstown&quot; (my hometown) and &quot;Ghost of Tom Joad.&quot;   His performance was so powerful, I had to give this album another listen.  Perhaps the songs are soft and depressing, but no fan should be without  this album. This is an album you have to listen to four or five times  before you really soak it in.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M is truly AMAZING!  I got it the first day it came out and immediately played it in my car stereo!  The synergy and dynamics work extremely well between Metallica and the SF Symphony.  The Symphony only  helps to add a more rich, orchestral sound.  This is extremely evident  especially in tracks like &quot;The Call Of Ktulu&quot;, &quot;For Whom The  Bells Toll&quot;, &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, and my  overall favorite, &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;.  I respect Metallica for  having the guts to put out such a live recording.  All in all, AMAZING and  POWERFUL!
B000001EYO|3.0|Overall the soundtrack is pretty good, but it is missing a few key tracks.  Hello?   I would have liked to have Tumbling Tumbleweeds and Looking out my back door, but most of the good songs are still included.
B000000WJK|5.0|this album is a masterpiece in the music industry, i don't think i'll ever write a decent review for this cuz it deserves all the stars in the world, it's WAAAHAAAY better than a northern soul (i didn't find that one a good  album), but if you're an Urban Hymns FAN then this is IT, this is what you  should listen to cuz it's the roots of the verve, the wigan years, &amp;  personally i find John Leckie's work (the producer)very nice, he makes the  record worth listening to.
0767802659|3.0|We are about to enter the 21st century and I still have to get up in the middle of my film to flip the disk!  This ruins the whole concept of the 'cinema' experience...Otherwise a really great movie.
B00003E47Z|5.0|....you should definitely consider purchasing this concert on DVD!  This version contains some additional treats NOT included on the VHS version.  However, in all fairness, there is one song missing from the DVD -  &quot;Bück Dich&quot; has been omitted.  This song is included on the  uncensored version of the VHS (USA release and Euro PAL format).  The  following is a summary of some of the special inclusions on the DVD  version:<br />Multi camera shots of the individual members of Rammstein for  the songs &quot;Tier&quot;, &quot;Du Hast&quot; and &quot;Rammstein&quot;.   An interview is included (translated sub-titles) with clips from all  Rammstein videos. A contest to challenge your Rammstein knowledge  (consisting of 140 questions) is playable from your CD-ROM using Windows.   As a bonus track, the entire video for &quot;Stripped&quot; is  included.<br />Convinced?  I hope so.  Because if you have never experienced  Rammstein Live - this is the next best thing to actually being there!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica definitely proved themselves once again. Any true Metallica fan needs this album. It proves they are the best out there, and will continue to expand not only themselves but their fans as well.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I'm not supprise Metallica is playing with the orchestra symphony. I always imagine metallica will do something different that blows everybody's mind. Like other band who would do the same thing over and over again in  their records and I think this is the reasons why nobody survive in 80's  because there's nothing left inside of them and this will probably happen  to some present bands.on the other hand, Metallica have a tremedous amount  of creative idea.They always come up with something new. I think S&amp;M is  great new idea of metallica boys.it shows how pefect the symphony fit in to  their music.If you listen to Metallica music, it's very will arrange and  complex if you know how to read notations stuff or whatever(Im not by the  way my father is).Im a open minded person if it comes to music. I listen to  almost all kind of music and metallica beat them all the aggresive tune,  melodies,massive rhythem can kick you in the behind and S&amp;M have them  all.Great album buy it .Have fun with it.<br />p.s. I have to give credit to  Michael Kamen that have the courage to work with Metallica.
B00002Z88D|5.0|with the new S&amp;M cd, metallica has again raised the bar in music.The mixture of symphony and the epic songs of metallica mesh terrifically. Note for note, the two extremely different groups come together in musical  harmony. This is a definite buy for all metallica fans.
B000002J1F|4.0|this is one strange record. the songs are flat-out nuts: kind of a cross between led zeppelin and devo.  or science fiction psychedelia, maybe.  i  don't know.  what i do know is that this is a cool/weird album that has a  sort of glorious, mutant personality that's all its own.
B00002MZ2T|2.0|A Savage Garden fan after their fantastic debut album..I didnt hesitate before I bought this CD, also considering it had hits like &quot;I knew I loved you...&quot; , &quot;the animal song..&quot;. HOWEVER..I was kinda  disappointed with this album..sounds really watered down and needlessly  mushy. <br />Perhaps its their new producer(same as Micheal Bolton) ...the  lyrics are nowhere close to the first album. Its one of those B side hits  albums. The album kinda picks up towards the end with some better  numbers...but all in all..was not quite &quot;savage&quot;. Borrow it from  a friend before you go buying it! I think its watered down..and lyrical  content is low!
0060977493|2.0|William Faulkner and Yoknapatawpha, Thomas Hardy and Wessex, R.K.Narayan and Malgudi... and now, Roy and her Ayemenem. The difference is that Ayemenem actually exists, though its natives prefer to spell it slightly  differently. The quaint little town, the stereotyped characters, the prose  that is a shade too purple, all seem a calculated attempt at taking ethnic  chic to the masses (in this case, eager foreigners). Of course, the book is  successful. If clever wordplay and a minimal understanding of the social  milieu can contribute to the making of a truly great novel, this has to be  it. However, it seems to be a one-off effort and it is doubtful whether Roy  can repeat her success.
B000003S1A|5.0|but this album is brilliant. &quot;Matte Kudesai&quot; is the song I want playing when I die in my sleep.
B000002LEM|5.0|This album has plenty of good songs, especially &quot;When It's Love,&quot; &quot;Cabo Wabo,&quot; and &quot;Black and Blue&quot;.  These where my favorites of this album, but not only was this a good album, I  honestly felt that this was a transitional album for the band, which a lot  of it was influenced by Sammy.  The songs took more of a serious tone,  which personally, I liked.  This album changed from a fun loving, upbeat  tone (5150) to a serious tone of songs like &quot;Right Now&quot; and  &quot;Pleasure Dome&quot; (For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge).  I noticed the  changes this album brings between the two.  Give OU812 a try today!
B000000OQF|5.0|Considering the album is over a decade old now it has held up very well.  People that say the songs are dated are very wrong!  Tracks such as Welcome to the Jungle...Sweet Child O' Mine..and Mr. Brownstone are 3 of the  greatest rock songs still. The songs on the remainder of the album are not  much worse that the three previously mentioned.  When you consider that all  this was accomplished at such a young age you know that there is a ton of  talent in Guns N'Roses. The only problem with this album is that it is not  long enough!  The use your illusion albums were both considerably  longer...and all are highly recommended (especially Use Your Illusion II)
B000023VR6|4.0|Even though Dre. Dre's 1992 CD &quot;The Chronic&quot;, is my all time favorite hip-hop CD, his latest effort on the music scene is a close second. The music and lyrics are smooth like butter. Listening to it makes  you want to give a house party. The other rappers and singers add the right  touch to this CD. I have no doubt that it will be on the best seller list.  Dr. Dre proves he is a strong force and power both in producing and  recording music. Some people thought that Dre was out. It truly is a  pleasure that he proved them wrong.
0446525537|5.0|Be sure and set aside a few hours.  You won't be able to put it down!   What a wonderful story of a love you don't see too often.  Have the tissue box close by!
0780625633|5.0|I'm a teacher whose high school students kept recommending this movie to me.  I resisted because they also recommend such idiocy as &quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;Dumb and Dumber&quot;!  However, a small video  selection and a long Friday evening looming convinced me to give it a shot.   What a lucky move for me!  I do wish I could show it to all my small-town  students, but with the violence and profanity, it will never be approved  for public school viewing, despite the intensely powerful and important  message it sends.  Therefore, I will have to be content with passing on my  own highest recommendation to my own students, encouraging them to watch  and respond to it.  I usually try to accomplish double duty while watching  a movie--writing a letter, surfing the Web, etc.  Not possible with this  one!  After its stunning conclusion, I found myself--shockingly!--wishing  the weekend were over already so I could talk about it with my students!   Violent, profane, disturbing, yes.  But also powerful, profound, and  dramatic.  Highest recommendation for all thoughtful viewers!
0553378384|4.0|It is an interesting approach of the signifiance of the Moon and the Moon's Nodes, on the final destination of the human existance.  As a reader and a proffesional astrologer i agree with most of the points mentioned by  the author.
B000000OSG|5.0|First off yes I am a fan of Guns N' Roses.  Having said that I own all the there albums and this one is my favorite....because it is long and jam packed with &quot;epics&quot;...songs like Civil War..Estranged...Knocking  on Heavens door...yesterdays and especially you could be mine...are some of  the best songs that I've heard and many havn't gotten the credit they so  richly deserve!  This is a great album...it has surprisingly little filler  for an album this long...this is worth it for sure!
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Just as I had said to myself...I am tired of hearing Jennifer Lopez's song &quot;If you had my love&quot; she comes out with &quot;Waiting for tonight&quot; which is extremely awesome.  My friend bought this cd before  I did and when I heard it in her car I knew right there and then I had to  buy it.  Check this cd out....it touches the heart and makes your soul  move.  It's variety of love songs and hot dance mixes is hot.  You will not  care if it burns a whole through your wallet.  It's worth it.
B000001Y42|4.0|if you are a limp bizkit fan or just a rock lover so you better whail you can to by this CD!  ups: the songs are good, a remix for gorge michels faith, very good drums downs: the drums are alitell bit boring. well, are  you going just to read this reviwe? go on and by the cd! <br />yours,          elad &quot;REVIWE MASTER&quot; aizikovitz
6304117752|5.0|As a mother of a 5 and a 3 year-old daughters, when trying to buy a GREAT Xmas present I immediately thought of this movie. I can't believe it is not available!  Can anybody explain this?
B000003CKH|5.0|Cake is great, i discovered them sometimes ago, and couldnt stop listen to them, at car, at home, at work. Frank Sinatra is one of the best song i ever listened. Thanks, guys...
B000023VR6|5.0|Bluntly stated: if you can't stand the heat--get out tha kitchen. Better than Chronic 1. Dre lets his boys do his dirty work: Snoop Dog, Eminem,  Eddie Griffen, Hitman. Dre aint changed-even tho he admits to have moved  out tha ghetto.He's still fierce-no doubt about it. Pimpology 101 ain't  dead either:&quot;Housewife&quot;&amp;&quot;Education&quot; (Eddie Griffin  wake up--its the millinium!) Motormouthed Hitman on &quot;Forgot about  Dre&quot; will leave you out there. This will blow the circuits this  holiday season 22 cuts in a one night stand on this CD! You will not be  disapointed!
B000002KY8|5.0|his 15 mins has lasted 20 years and this is his prized jewel 4 the crowning. A-U-T-omatic.
6301959957|5.0|This movie - although not 100% accurate (it's only a movie), was entertaining. It left me thinking about soldiers who fight wars, fly planes and kill \\"enimies\\", and what they must go through physically and mentally. It kept me on the edge of my seat, and made me feel like I really cared about what happened to these characters. It was well done, and takes you on a journey back to WWII. I recommend this movie.
B0000065O1|4.0|I have to admit, I was skeptical.  I did not think this was going to be a good video or a good work-out, due to the poor quality of some celebrity fitness videos I have tried in the past.  However, I was pleasantly  surprised with this video.  It is a challenging workout, high quality, and  fun to do.  It does require a bit of strain on the knees, so I don't know  if I'd receommend it to someone with bad knees.  Overall, though, I think  it is a tough, fun workout and an excellent video.  With her trainer's  help, Cindy Crawford is very good about safety tips and explanations and  actually seems to enjoy the workout.  Definitely worth it.
0790741164|5.0|Oliver Stone's &quot;JFK&quot; is undeniably an extremely important film. This is a movie that is not just a study of the mysteries surrounding the assassination of John F. Kennedy, this is a study of power and the workings  of power. &quot;JFK&quot; goes into the dark corners of our government and  it's shadowy dealings. Anyone fascinated by the mechanics of politics and  power should see this film. Stone presents a thrilling piece of film that  is incredibly convincing and disturbing. He doesn't subject to all of Jim  Garrison's conspiracy theories. Instead, he uses Garrison as a vehicle to  search for the truth. He uses Garrison as the base to display the harsh  reality of how Kennedy was killed and why. In fact, Stone doesn't use this  to display HIS own thoughts, but to express many theories. This is also a  masterpiece in the technical area with the stunning effectiveness  &quot;JFK&quot; has in the cross-editing, inserting documentary footage  with film footage. The screenplay is brilliant and it's incredible how much  information, characters and powerful drama it contains. The cinematography  is rich and artistic. The acting is powerful like the story.  &quot;JFK&quot; should be shown in schools all across America, this is an  extremely important film every American should watch.
0780020685|5.0|I was hesitant to get this, coz it's an old b&amp;w movie...<br />The black and white quality is not as good as criterion's Oliver Twist.  Of course, it's an old movie, but I wish it was done better.  However, the story was  really good, especially the character development.  The movie focussed on  each of the main characters even a good number of the villagers, and I  thought the balance was pretty good.  Action was really good too, but the  human drama behind it was even better.<br />I'm glad I got this, I shouldn't  have doubted that it's also an Akira Kurosawa classic.  I've tried  &quot;Ran&quot; too - another good buy.  So, two good ones so far.  I'll  probably try the other b&amp;w's by Akira.
0340738448|5.0|I hate him.<br />This author has recklessly produced a work so magnificent that it will leave other writers on this and any other nearby planet feeling depressed with the self-loathing of inadequacy.<br />How could he  inflict such perfect dialogue on other innocent scribes?<br />How could he  perpetrate such incredible humour?<br />Doesn't he realise that people with  weak hearts could literally DIE of laughter?<br />Sod him.
0140013997|5.0|I first read this book when I was ten.  In the intervening years (too many to count) I have read it at least once a year.  Every time I read it, I find something else that makes me laugh out loud.  I have bought this book  for everyone and recommend it to anyone who needs to run away to sunshine  and laugh out loud.  How I wish I could have known this family!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Well I rushed out and got this one immediately.  I am not sorry one bit.  The coolest songs on here are No Leaf Clover and Master of Puppets.  Some of the songs (Enter Sandman) are hokey. Overall though this is a must for  the Metallica fan.  Thing that Should not Be is awesome, Jaymz vocals are  hateful as ever.  I always thought Call of Ctulu was awesome, but now I  have heard it the way it was meant to be played.  The cd is awesome for  those open-minded fans out there, but not for the belly-aching fans out  there thirsting for Kill Em All part 2. I am pleasently surprised by how  well this works, especially on Hero of the Day.  There are a couple of  spots thought that the orchestra over-powers Metallica!  Overall I would  recommend this cd, excellently produced and a breathe of fresh air.
B00002MZ12|4.0|I bought this album last week, and have played it a lot since. I like Alanis' music a lot, and I must say that this live album is very nice indeed. The live versions of Head Over Feet, You Learn, I Was Hoping and  That I Would Be Good are a joy for the ear, and especially You Oughta Know  is wonderful on this album. As for the new songs, I especially enjoy  Princess Familiar - can't get it out of my head. The only two songs I do  not enjoy as much here are Ironic and Uninvited. I love the originals, but  the live versions lack &quot;something&quot;. But in all, a great  purchase....
B0000203YT|5.0|Words almost aren't enough to describe the loveliness of this film.  Those who take issue with its supposedly &quot;formulaic&quot; plot should take  another look.  There aren't that many films out there that are true  celebrations of art, literature, and the theater - things which are vital  to life!  Shakespeare in Love makes me weep each time I see it, not from  the tragic romance of the plot (although that in itself is enough to make  the film stand out), but from the overwhelming emotions it stirs within the  heart of any person who appreciates cultural excellence.  One of the best  things about the film is that it has something for everyone - it's a  wonderfully funny comedy, a well-crafted &quot;period piece&quot;, and a  beautiful love story.  Shakespeare in Love is a heartfelt love letter to  the arts.
0140386335|5.0|I missed this book as a child, but came across it in a bookstore and had to buy it.  I am certainly glad I did.  For those of you who only know Bastian from the movie, you are sadly robbing yourself of a fantastic  adventure.  You too, will get &quot;pullled&quot; into the story.  So what  are you waiting for?  Go!  Go find Childlike Empress a new name, Go save  Fantastica!  Oh, but do say hello to Falkor for me.
185984054X|5.0|This incendiary book is so hot I'm surprised it doesn't spontaneously combust!  Hitchens packs more dyn-o-mite in this short monograph than other  authors spend thousands of pages on.  He totally demolishes the myth of  this fraud.<br />What is so amazing about the Mother Theresa story is how it  lay there, out in the open - until a journalist of Christopher Hitchens'  fearless disposition came along.  None of the mainstream media would touch  it, for fear of &quot;offending&quot; the faithful.  Well, children, how do  you like your Mother Theresa now?<br />God will well and truly bless you,  Christopher Hitchens, for having the guts to expose the frauds who come  forward in his name.
6301562925|1.0|If you read my review for Halloween 4 : The Return Of Michael Myers, you have a very good idea of what I think about this fifth part. If you didn't read it yet, go read it, because if I say something about this  movie...well... One more thing, Michael WAS dumb in Halloween 4, here he is  pathtetic !
6303212263|5.0|I first saw this movie around 1979 or 1980. I can't really remember. I was only two or three years old at the time. Barring the fact that I am a total sci-fi fantesy junkie, this is just the kind of movie I like. A serious  dramatic story packed with action, impressive special fx, and just a touch  of comedy here and there. Of all the different kinds of movies there are  out there, this is the way I wish more movies were made.
6303314015|5.0|This movie was and still is the best animated movie of all time.it tells the story of Simba,a lion prince who &quot;just can't wait to be king&quot;, he was having a great life in the pride lands where he lived  until his father,Mufassa is killed by a set up stampede.simba,blaming  himself runs away and meets Timon the merecat and Pumba the wart hog.they  live together until simba's old childhood friend shows up and says that  Simba's uncle Scar is..........i shouldent give away too much of the  movie.if you've seen this movie you'll probobly want to buy it and mabee  even buy &quot;The lion king #2 Simba's pride&quot; which is also a really  good movie.
6300183971|4.0|I've seen this movie dozens of times. I like it. But I must say that it defines the phrase &quot;The book is better&quot; which is why I rate it four stars instead of five. In the films favor: good acting, very dramatic,  and unbelevable special fx. Even by todays standards. My recomendation to  anyone who wants to see this movie or has seen it and couldn't make  heads-or-tails-of-it is to read the book first. If you have seen the movie  and not read the book then read it. It gives you a lot more background  information. For example:In the book you are told exactly &quot;why&quot;  the Atreides and the Harkonnens want to see each other dead. I own the  movie and the entire six book series so I think you can trust what I say.
6303314015|5.0|This movie was and still is the best animated movie of all time.it tells the story of Simba,a lion prince who &quot;just can't wait to be king&quot;, he was having a great life in the pride lands where he lived  until his father,Mufassa is killed by a set up stampede.simba,blaming  himself runs away and meets Timon the merecat and Pumba the wart hog.they  live together until simba's old childhood friend shows up and says that  Simba's uncle Scar is..........i shouldent give away too much of the  movie.if you've seen this movie you'll probobly want to buy it and mabee  even buy &quot;The lion king #2 Simba's pride&quot; which is also a really  good movie.
6300182355|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was about three years old. Even then I was already nuts about sci-fi movies. What I liked about it then is what I like about it now. The action and the music. Over all it is a great movie. My  favorite part is when Flash and the Hawkmen are attacking the War Rocket  &quot;Ajax&quot;. That I feel is where the music was best of all. As far as  the characters in that sceen, I really got a kick out of Vultan. You can't  watch him in that scean and not get the impression that he had just been so  anxious for that moment that he could taste it. That's all for now but,  keep a sharp lookout. You don't know where The Interceptor will turn up  next.
