B000002GZ1|5.0|the band is loaded with talent -- Butterfield, Michael Bloomfield, Elvin Bishop.  One of the most outstanding rock/blues albums you'll hear
B00000AFWW|5.0|As good as Live Through This, albeit with a more polished sound.  The first five songs are as good a block of music as I've heard in a long time, especially &quot;Awful.&quot;  Madonna-friend or not, Courtney Love still  has her edge.
0140277447|4.0|I could not read Iris Chang's The Rape of Nanking: The Forgotten Holocaust of World War II more than a few pages or at most a chapter at a time. I could not bear to look at many of the pictures. The story she tells -- of  the brutal murdering, rape, and desecration of Nanking in 1937, causing  several hundred thousand deaths -- was just too much for me.  This is a  story, however, that must be learned and read. Beyond the individual tales  of torture, rape, vivisection, beheadings, and rapes, however, are the  larger questions.  First, the events of Nanking were front page news (with  photographs) in the New York Times and other sources as it occurred, yet  apparently little western reaction ensued. How can the world so easily  accept genocide or democide?  Chang's comment: &quot;Apparently some quirk  in human nature allows even the most unspeakable acts of evil to become  banal within minutes provided only that they occur far enough away to pose  no personal threat.&quot; (As Chang notes, the modern equivalent to Nanking  is the nightly CNN tapes of Rwanda and Bosnia, again seen in the comfort of  our homes).   Second, and mercifully balanced against this corporate  apathy are the few heros, Europeans and Americans, who created a  &quot;safety zone&quot; in the city and saved perhaps hundreds of thousands  of lives.  She describes John Rabe, a Nazi party member resident in  Nanking, as the &quot;Iskar Schindler of China&quot;. Stories such as the  Nanking Rape, the Jewish Holocaust, and other modern holocausts must be  taught and remembered, or they bear even greater likelihood of repetition  than the already depressing scorecard from this century shows.
B000001DZQ|5.0|Roy Buchanan was such an influence to the great guitarist of his generation, but he never found the commercial success that eluded him. His works define &quot;Master&quot; at his craft. Listen and Learn from one of  the Best of our Times.
B000002BBY|1.0|There's no way to put it any milder.  I've listened to a great deal of music from Gershwin to the Beatles, from Fleetwood Mac to Crowded House, so I have a pretty good idea about what good music is.   These guys don't make it.  &quot;Wonderwall&quot; is by far one of the  worst (and overplayed) singles of this decade.  Any comparisons to the  Beatles, made by themselves or others, is an insult to pop music. Unless  you're really keen on establishing this band as &quot;a band you grew up  with,&quot; don't waste your time.
B0000021RG|2.0|This CD, while very comprehensive, is woeful to listen to. The recordings sound like papercup and string quality, and the performances on the whole are well below standard. The band itself is ashamed of this set. Buy the  &quot;Chicago live in Japan&quot; CD to enjoy them in a high quality sound,  and good perfomance setting.
B000002UAO|5.0|I can clearly remember listening to this album growing up.  Of course, the version I listened to was the American version, but it still stood out.  Along with &quot;Revolver&quot;, this album best exemplifies the Beatles as  a single entity, rather than four individuals.  From start to finish, this  album is absolutely amazing.  It starts off with McCartney's &quot;Drive My  Car&quot; and ends with Lennon's rash warning &quot;Run For Your  Life.&quot;  Some of the obvious highlights on this album are  &quot;Norwegian Wood,&quot; &quot;Michelle,&quot; &quot;Girl,&quot; and  &quot;In My Life,&quot; perhaps one of their greatest songs.  This is one  of the few albums (excluding greatest hits albums) that one can play from  start to finish, without having to skip songs.  This album is so good that  it leaves the listener wishing that there were more songs on it.  Not only  was this album filled with awesome songs, but it was the definite statement  that the Beatles were different from the other groups of the time.  In my  opinion, this was also the landmark where the Beatles started creating  albums as a work of art, rather than a collection of singles.  I wish that  more bands from my generation were exposed to this (I'm twenty years old).   A great deal could be learned.  I've listened to a great deal of music, and  I own roughly 300 cd's covering the last 40 years.  I would definitely rank  this cd in the top 5.  In fact, I review other albums on here.  Look for  them!  As for this album, every music lover should own it. Buy it now!
B000002NJS|5.0|This is hands down the best album of 1998...of recent years in fact.  The mix of Madonna's beautiful voice, thought-provoking lyrics, and electronica takes the listener on a wonderful journey.  I love every song on this cd  which is rare in this age of disposable pop trash.  Madonna is much more  personal on this album than her previous ones...she shares through her  music the positive changes she has experienced in her life.  All in all a  beautiful, wonderful album.
0812550706|5.0|You cannot claim to be a sci-fi enthusiast without first reading about young Ender.  Let me quote Forest Gumpand say &quot;That is all I have to say about that.&quot;
B000002BQK|5.0|This CD is the third CD of Mariah's I own.  That crap in between Emotions until now was absolute sacharrin induced garbage.  I absolutely hated Music Box and Daydream.  If her writing had gotten any more sappy and sweeter we  all would have gone into a coma.  Talk about fluff lyrics!  Finally someone  cornered her and said &quot;Please go listen to your first CD and draw from  that and stop writing all this crap&quot;  I mean talk about selling out!   She gave a whole new meaning with those crappy albums &quot;Music  Box&quot;and &quot;Daydream&quot;.  Welcome back Mariah!  Forget what  everyone else says, you do what you feel and you won't go wrong.  May she  continue back on the right road to what catapulted her to stardom in the  first place.  Looks like she has already started.  I must add &quot;About  time!&quot;.
B00000FCBC|5.0|anyone who likes metallica will love this album these are songs that they play in concert and on a few import/singles albums
B00000DHTF|5.0|When I heard the boss was going to release a set of un-released songs, I quickly put in an order for the set.  True, a lot of the songs on here have been on bootleg recordings, but to hear them again, cleaned up and crystal  clear, is just something else.  It made me race to get my old tapes out.   Like many hardcore fans, I was upset not to see &quot;The Fever,&quot;  &quot;The Promise,&quot; &quot;Chevrolet deluxe,&quot; and  &quot;Cindy&quot; on this set, but I'm happy I finally have all the b-sides  in one place.  Maybe Bruce will put out a Tracks Volume 2? I hear he culled  the songs from a selection of over 300 tunes.  Buy this, ask for it for  Christmas or Channukah, or for your birthday. It's worth the money, and  when you break it down to cost per CD, it all equals out. Pray for a tour  next year.
B000001E8S|5.0|This is one of those sleepers that people don't know about, but when they hear it, they want it!  Bono of U2, as well as Luciano Pavarotti, Brian Eno, and others have created one of the best ambient compilations.  Where  some compilations don't blend with other tracks, this cd smoothly melds  each into the next song. All the tracks are fantastic examples of a cd done  right.  There was some talk of a follow up cd, so I only hope that the next  will be as good as this!
B00000DLVA|1.0|I loved their previous two cds and bought this one based on that. I'd offer to resell this one, but it wouldn't even be worth the postage.
B000001ZSF|5.0|After the disappointing efforts of Revolutions and Waiting for Cousteau, Jarre goes for a mix of more modern synthpop sound coupled with more traditional haunting melodies you normally associate with the likes of  Oxygene and Rendevous, for example. For all those people who enjoyed  Oxygene, Equinox and Rendezvous - Chronologie is a essential for your  collection.
0606039600|5.0|the most important book i have ever read.  take it slowly, be patient.  You'll be genuinely touched and probably confused [at first], but ultimately enlightened.
B000001EMW|3.0|Although a pretty good CD, I expected a more complete sound, more depth.  The 4 cellos don't have the power to get a good feeling of the music.  The recording also needs to much clearer.  Buy it if you like classical, but  don't buy it if you think it will be just like Metallica.
B000001Y79|4.0|The only reason I got this c-d is because I liked: Spiderwebs, Just A Girl, and Don't Speak.  I love listening to those songs!  But it turns out, some of the songs sound really bad, while other songs sound really good.   My favorite songs are: Spiderwebs, Just a Girl, Don't Speak, Different  People, The Climb, Sixteen, Sunday Morning, Excuse Me Mr., and Tragic  Kindgoms.  The rest are awful.  Also the music has the words to sing along  too.  This is a pretty good c-d!
B00000AFDW|5.0|The OLD KISS IS the NEW Kiss. These Boys still know how to turn it up after all these years. Never thought after receiving this CD for my birthday that I'd like it this much.  Within is one of my favorites. They  know how to fill empty voids of time in the music with music, if you know  what I mean.
0140042520|4.0|Although this isn't the greatest book written by Kerouac, it is easily my favorite he has written.  There are many weak moments and contradictions by the characters (Kerouac) but the passion in the pages is hard to deny.  He  really means everything he writes and believes he is trying to become a  better person.  All told, it is a fun, romantic trip; this is something  that is lacking in today's cynicism.
B000000WA4|4.0|1979 is the best song ever, cant say much about the other song
B000001ABD|5.0|This 2-Disc set showcases some of Stevie's biggest hits. Some of the highlights are Superstition, You Will Know, All I Do, You Are the Sunshine Of My Life and Living For The City and countless others. A definite buy if  you are a Stevie Wonder fan and just want to sit back and reminisce of  those good times.
B000002UEB|5.0|if ever there was an album that should be heard by all, it is operation mindcrime.  Close your eyes as you listen an let your mind show you what Tate, Degarmo and the the otheres are playing and singing about.  It is as  clever as a top murder mystery, more captivating then Pink Floyd's  &quot;The Wall&quot; ( and if you liked that album, Mindcrime will blow you  away).  Weaving a story into music form about a lost soul looking for a  purpouse and finding one in the evilest of places, Mindcrime is a shock to  the sences in the best of ways.  If it is possible to wear out a CD, then I  will find out as this album has been in my CD player more times then any  other.  Definately the very best Queensryche has to offer.
B000002GFU|5.0|These words were once uttered by the world reknown music critic Ollie Chrisler: &quot;I don't care what you say. . . it's just the greatest album of all-time!&quot;  I own a tremendous amount of music myself, and I have  to completely agree with Mr. Chrisler.  The caption says it all.  If you  don't happen to own a copy of this disc, your collection is incomplete.  No  road trip can be taken without it!  &quot;Miles From Nowhere,&quot;  &quot;Longer Boats,&quot; and &quot;Father &amp; Son&quot; are masterpieces  that can never be duplicated.  And &quot;Wild World&quot; is clearly the  &quot;worst&quot; track of the bunch.  What does that tell you about the  featured lineup?
B000009ROK|5.0|These three discs sum up what is inside the Latin heart and love experience.  Want to dance slowly and hold that special someone in your arms?  This is the music for you.  Most Latinas melt when this music is  being played.  Don't speak Spanish, not a problem, the message of love is  universal as is music.  You don't have to speak Spanish to appreciate these  songs.  There is a song for every imaginable phase of ones love life. An  excellent romantic collection.  A must buy for anyone who has ever been in  love.
1558216847|5.0|You will love every page of this intriguing story. Truth is stranger - and infinintely more interesting - than fiction. This book is also not for the faint of heart, however. Although the story is about human suffering, it is  also about human spirit and its resiliency. Do not pass this one up.
B00000DHTF|4.0|Imagine waking to discover that despite 25 years of dedicated Bruce fan-dom, you had somehow missed an actual full-scale studio-release album.  Now imagine it's more or like 6 or 7 albums.  That's what you get with  &quot;Tracks.&quot;  One minor quibble: despite a beautifully packaged set,  complete with lyrics (thanks, Boss) I would have liked track-by-track  comments from Bruce about why a particular song didn't make it, or why it  still remains one of his favorites.  For instance, how did a couplet from  &quot;Santa Ana&quot; end up in &quot;She's the One&quot;?  And how did the  sublime &quot;Hearts of Stone&quot; end up in the not-so-sublime hands of  Southside Johnny?  So one star off for that, but otherwise, a dream come  true.
B000001XO3|5.0|This is one of the top recordings of the Ring. A great conductor, a thrilling atmosphere in the Bayreuth theater. This is a must for every Ring addict. Also good sound
0140186395|5.0|This is one of those books that you long to get back to when you're at work or grocery shopping or wherever! The characters are well-developed and stay with you long after you finish it. I was saddened that the book just  didn't go on and on.   One of my favorites!
0385484518|1.0|Mitch Albom has pulled the wool over the eyes of a good portion of the American public. He learned nothing from Morrie Schwartz. This facile sportswriter is a fraud, able to write convincing baloney that, as many  astute readers here have noted, is on the level of a junior high school  English student pondering the meaning of life in 1,000 or so words.<br />Albom  writes about discovering the true meaning of life and forsaking his shallow  pursuit of money -- but what he doesn't tell you is that after going out on  strike with his fellow Detroit Free Press and Detroit News employees, he  stabbed 2500 of them in the back by crossing his own picket line and going  back to work alongside replacement workers.<br />What did Morrie Schwartz  think about the sort of people who come into a strike situation and take  other people's jobs?  Do you find &quot;the true meaning of life&quot; and  make untold millions off a dying professor, and then become a scab? Is that  right?<br />Mitch Albom is picketed wherever he goes. His betrayal will never  be forgotten.
B000003BEV|2.0|It just goes to show that you should always be yourself.  The one time they try to copy another band-The Beatles-they fail miserably (to be fare, Beatles can't do what the Stones do either.)  But even with their weakest  effort, they came away with two classics I never get tired of; &quot;2,000  Light Years&quot; and &quot;She's a Rainbow.&quot;  These songs alone still  make it worth purchasing, smoking &amp; drinking to.
0385484518|5.0|I started reading thisbook, knowing nothing about it, and got totally absorbed in it. It ran the gamut of all my emotions, laughter, thought provoking, sadness and grief...probably the first time I read a book and  actually cried. Felt like I had lost a friend in the end.  There  were a  few topics I would like to have seen discussed with  Morrie, but overall,  it was excellent. Kudos to the author
B000002C4J|5.0|I loved this CD! it has everything from My Heart Will Go On, which I love and I think it is one of the best songs ever, to Tell Him and To Love You More! They are all hits! If you like fast songs, there is Treat Her Like A  Lady and Just A Little Bit Of Love. If you like slow, there is Tell Him and  and To love you More! I liked every single one of these songs! Barbara  Streisand sounds great with Celine and so does Lucianno Pavarotti! I got  this CD for my birthday and I think it was the best gift! Anyone who likes  Celine should buy this CD! Go For It!!!!!
B000002HRE|1.0|This cd is God awful. The only reason I gave it one star is because it was the lowest rating I could choose from. <br />With this release, Metallica  remains the single most cheeseiest band in thae universe. Metallica is  overrated and they do not even come close to deserving all of the mainsteam  success and critical praise they recieve. After 2 songs I had to turn off  my cd player because they sounded so lame. Come on James Hetfield, we've  been hearing your songs about nightmares and demons for 15 years. We get  your point; Find some other theme to write crappy songs about! Also, do you   really have to sing a nice little gruffy &quot;yeah, yeah!&quot; after  every chorus and verse? You sound a lot like the lead vocalist of Poison  back in their heyday.     And for the highly praised drummer Lars Ulrich? I  think he played that simple boring drumbeat for the first song, recorded  it, and then mixed it in with every other song. Let me just say I've heard  better drumming from George on Sesame Street.<br />Well Metallica, you may  look different with your short haircuts and trendy clothing, but your music  still s****. Until you write different and better music, you will remain  out of my cd collection.
B000002UKS|5.0|When I listened to Foo Fighters' first CD,I thought &quot;Jeez,these guys are going down in no time!&quot; but something compelled me to listen to The Colour &amp; The Shape despite what I thought.This CD is now a  permanent resident of my stereo,blasting out unbelieveble vocals and  amazing riffs all day long.
B00000DHRX|5.0|Having followed George from &quot;Wham Rap&quot; to now I can honestly say this is a superb selection of his work since WHAM.  The added bonus of the new tracks only heightens the brilliance of this man's talent and genius.  KEEP ON FUNKIN' GEORGE!!!!!!
B00000DHTF|5.0|This gift from Bruce will beat anything under the Christmas tree this season!!.  I'm in heaven listening to sixty six wonderfully diverse and musically brilliant songs.  Don't miss &quot;Frankie,&quot;  and  &quot;Stolen Car.&quot;  Check out &quot;Stand on It&quot; to get yourself  up off the couch and dancing around the living room floor!!  I love the  huimor in this one.   It all beats the hell out of Prozac!!  Happy rockin!   Thanks Bruce.
B00000DHRX|5.0|A must for any true fan. Unfortunately, the US version does NOT include the Stevie Wonder song, As, which is a duet with Mary J. Blige.  That was only released on the European version. That leaves me with two questions.   The first to Amazon ..when are you getting the import version?  The second  to George himself ...when will Volume 2 be ready?
0385486804|1.0|I picked up a copy of _Into the Wild_ with high hopes; I've spent a good deal of time in Alaska, am always happy to read a bit of Alaskana and am usually a gentle critic.  Nonetheless, Krakauer's book left me cold.   Actually, the book simply annoyed me.  While certainly well-written, I  found Krakauer's inflation of the wanderer adolescent in its narrowness.   Scant attention is directly paid to the boy's self-absorption or the pain  he clearly caused his family.  Krakauer seems to want to defend McCandless  against those who would scorn him.  To my mind, however, he failed.  While  the author analogizes the privileged youth--who decides to leave conformity  and a monied life behind--to Thoreau and other naturalist philophers, he  ignores one critical feature of McCandless' &quot;Alaskan Odyssey&quot;:   it served no purpose but to satisfy the boy's overly grand sense of  himself.  Moreover, virtually to a one, the adventurers, philosophers and  naturalists to whom Krakauer analogizes McCandless had an appreciation for  and humility before nature; its power and uncertainty.  McCandless  demonstrated none.  As such, it was exceedingly difficult to empathize with  the ersatz protagonist.  Frankly, my dear, I just didn't give a damn.  And  for that, I was disappointed I'd paid for the book.
0385484518|5.0|Mitch Albom's Tuesdays with Morrie: An Old Man, A Young Man, and Life's Greatest Lesson is nothing less than an instruction manual on the meanings of life, taught by a truly great instructor.  Morrie Schwartz was a  sociology professor at Brandeis, and the favorite instructor/mentor of  Albom when he was an undergraduate.  Despite promises to &quot;keep in  touch,&quot; Morrie loses track of his mentor until he happens on a Ted  Koppel Nightline episode featuring Morrie, then dying of ALS, Lou Gehrig's  Disease. Over the course of fourteen weeks, the last of Morrie's life,  Album spends a series of Tuesdays with his old friend, learning the lessons  of love, companionship, generosity, and family.  Although set in the midst  of dying, this short and graceful essay is about life.  Morrie celebrates  -- and Albom comes to learn -- what is truly precious about his life; not  surprisingly, it has everything to do with relationships, and nothing to do  with material gain.  This is a fine book.
B0000009RX|5.0|This towering classic has lost none of its original impact.  The two best cuts are Varese-inspired noise compositions.  Zappa's smashing, crashing, sizzling noise makes for powerful music. None of the carefully crafted  sounds come out of synthesizers, and as a result nothing since this album  has ever sounded like it.  Equally amazing are Zappa's jarring edits that  run throughout the album, and strange, recurrent paranoid whispering.  The  effect is dark, relentless, horrific, thrilling!
0553275976|5.0|Truly, one of the best books I've ever read. Wolfe books are never dull, not even for one page.  Highly recommended!  I wanted to give it higher than 5 stars!
B00000DHTF|5.0|True Bruce fans will be in musical heaven.  If a non-Bruce fan takes the time to listen to the collection in full, he or she will be a Bruce fan by the final track. It's the story of an artist, told by the artist.
B000003AEB|5.0|This is a damn good CD. Hard to go wrong with Dre producing. You gotta hear this!
B000002UCQ|5.0|This is it.  There is no doubt whatsoever that Harrison's first solo album proper remains the water-mark for all the Beatle solo albums.  Quite simply each track is a stormer!  The range of songs is astounding from the  venom-filled 'Wah-Wah' to the beautiful and soothing 'Ballad of Sir Frankie  Crisp'.  Oh, it also contains the massive hits 'My Sweet Lord' and 'What Is  Life?'  If you only buy one Beatle solo album, make it this one.
0671015206|5.0|Before I read this book I believed that most millionaires inherited their wealth or were movie/basketball stars that lived in million dollar houses and paid for outrageous luxuries.  Now I understand that it isn't what you  make and spend that can make you a millionaire.  It is what you make and do  NOT spend.        This book has been an inspiration to  me. I may never be  a millionaire, but I certainly intend to try!
B000001DTM|5.0|THIS IS THE GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME!!!!! If you a true music lover, and you do not own this album, YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU ARE MISSING! I have heard an infinite amount of CDs in my day, but NEVER one that is so full of  emotion, musical perfection, and worlds of fun that &quot;Baby&quot;  contains. From the in-your-face &quot;The Fly&quot; to the haunting vocals  of &quot;So Cruel&quot; to the classic of all classics &quot;One&quot; to  the unheralded &quot;Ultra-violet&quot;, the tracks come fast and furious  like a semi with a cut brake line! This is THE album, and the most genuine  of all time. Like a fine wine, this album ONLY GETS BETTER with age, and  will be the cornerstone from which the 21st century's music will be built.  The most evenly-balanced tracks of all time are here and there is not a  track that does not ROCK!!! This is the bad mother of new-rock, and the  shining summit to U2's claim as &quot;KINGS OF THE WORLD!&quot; To own this  album is indeed to own the ULTIMATE work of art.
B0000024ZT|5.0|If you love the Boss, but were not born before the release of this album, it is a must own.  This album is as real and in your face as Bruce's best.   Song after song, Springsteen spews out lyrical gems.  Hey, this album is  so good, Manfred Mann owes his whole career to it!
0451169514|5.0|One of King's best books ever.  It makes even adults think about what happened when they were growing up and had very strong imaginations.  It makes you wonder if your magical imagination you had when you were a child  still has the same power.
0441172717|5.0|The depth of this book is awsome!  I am the type of sci-fi fan that loves books that deal with societies, and Frank Herbert has definatly developed an inricate society in Dune.  I definatly recommend this book to anyone; at  least try it!
B00000DHRX|5.0|A fitting and relatively complete compilation of the works and times of one of Britain's Singer/Songwiters. 'Ladies &amp; Gentlemen, The Best Of...' is entertaining, mood setting, danceable and so much more. You can  visit somber times past or race forward in a dizzying array of funk and  club lights. The best of George is all encompassed in these mere 2 disc  set. If you're a George Michael fan, this is for you. If you love good  music, it's for you. If you want the best of soft and racy, this is for  you. It's for everyone...all of us, simply all!
B000000I0K|5.0|Mike Oldfield is surely one of the most gifted and talented artists of our time.  This album shines as one of his very best.  Note for fans: Phil Collins makes a guest appearance as drummer!
B00000DGUG|4.0|If you're looking for a regurgitation of Jagged Little Pill, DON'T buy this album. Gone is the anger that made Alanis unique and allowed her to explode on the music scene last year. But even without the anger, there's  still a lot to scoop out of this offering. Plenty of songs means plenty of  lyrics to figure out. Applaud her for not being a carbon copy, for taking a  shot at something different.  And like her first album, the songs will grow  on you eventually and rattle in your head for months to come.
0385484518|5.0|The enthusiasm for life that this man has and that Albom celebrates is astounding and incredibly uplifting.  The equation comes to this: each day we wake up is a  gift from God, so what do we do with a gift?  Celebrate, honor and cherish  it or defile, ignore and take it for granted?  Morrie never loses his  dignity because he never loses his love and appreciation of that guft.  This is a book to treasure and re-read whenever we've had a &quot;bad&quot;  day because every single thing in our life isn't exactly as we wished it  would be.  We are always learning and always teaching in our own ways if  we're open to it and Albom has written a book of  lasting and great importance.  I've bought it for friends and family and  recommend it to everyone.x
B000002ULO|5.0|When I got this album home and put it in the CD player, I was practically shaking from a stressful day. By the time &quot;The World Tonight&quot; (the second track) was over, I was completely relaxed. That is the genius  that is Paul McCartney. This album  overflows with hummable melodies, great  bass  riffs, and pure fun. This is the kind of music Paul used to make:  brilliantly simple, lightly produced ditties. Macca's &quot;home and  hearth&quot; spirit comes through loud and clear, and while lyrics have  never been his forte, you have to go for the sweet &quot;Life is  good,&quot;message. Very highly recommended for it's off-the-charts smile  factor.
0393316041|5.0|This book should be required reading. No fiction author could create a more interesting, amazing character or a more hilarious story. It's an inspirational example of the advantages of thinking for yourself and living  your life to its fullest. I could (and will) read this again and again.
B00000DHTF|5.0|Mary, Queen of Arkansas alone made this excellent box set worth the $50 I paid for it.  I have loved Springsteen since I was 17 (38 now) and listening to &quot;Tracks&quot; makes me feel like I'm still in high school  riding in my car with &quot;Sandy&quot; blaring on the tape player.  Thanks  to you Bruce for a lifetime of good music &amp; memories.
B00000F1D3|5.0|This has to be one of the best Cher has ever put out!.  I love Belive as much as I love If I could Turn back Time.  Cher has still got it, and I know she will never Loose it.
B000000WCA|1.0|The Spice Girls are an absolute disgrace to music. There are so many other great musicians out there. Ones that can actually sing. The Spice Girls are all about performance. If they didn't have their &quot;nice bodies&quot;  and their flirtatous behavior, they probably wouldn'd have gotten very  far....in the music buisiness that is. All those that are agreeing with me,  not to fear; so many bands, simular to the Spice Girls (simular as in  getting reconition but having no talet), have come and gone thoughout the  years. Since the departure of Ginger Spice (thank god) 1 down, 4 to go.  Doomsday for the Spice Girls is right around the corner.
B000002MY3|5.0|I love this C.D. Alanis Morrissette's songs are a perfect mix of new age and rock. Especially Head Over Feet, but what's up with that music video, dude? What's wrong with them? Do they think that we're going to think that  it's magic? Anyway, Alanis Morrissette is a great singer, and I'm a total  fan of hers.
B00000AFFF|5.0|While acts like Marylin Manson croon about death and destruction, EC knows where the real pain can lie.  For the love of Christ, someone get me a Highball!
B00000ADG2|2.0|I am the first to admit that Lauryn Hill has a very beautiful voice, but she did not show it on this CD. None of the songs caught my attention except &quot;Can't take my eyes off you.&quot; That was the only song that  truly captured the beauty of Lauryn's voice. In my opinion, Lauryn should  stay away from the rap and stick to more ballads.
044022165X|5.0|One of Grisham great books..easy to like the main character as usual.  Magda Sourour
B000002UAF|5.0|This is vintage Beatles...the Rock world will never have a group like this again...multi talented...full of energy and liked by everyone...they are a phenomenom of the 20th century which the likes will never be repeated, but  mimicked...all music lovers shoul have all of their music...all music is  based on it...5 stars all the way.
0553212443|5.0|As Tina Turner said, 'Simply the Best'
B000002BFL|1.0|In the past decade, Springsteen has grown more and more detached from his own music. On &quot;The Ghost of Tom Joad,&quot; he sounds as if he's recorded himself reading the paper whilst strumming a guitar. Only  &quot;Youngstown&quot; shows flashes of Springsteen's former intensity. The  rest is the work of an artist who has lost interest in his fans, in his  music -- perhaps even in himself.
B000003TA4|5.0|Wow.  This CD just plain rocks.  It isn't one of those listen-to-the-whole-thing-once-and-then-put-it-on-the-shelf CDs.  I have just been putting this album in the CD player, and letting it fly all the  way through for almost a month now.<br />Every single song is great.  If you  like rock, this is THE cd to own.
B00000DLUV|2.0|For years the Bee Gees have complained that they were unfairly portrayed as &quot;just a disco band.&quot; How ironic, then, that they should open and close this concert set with &quot;You Should Be Dancing,&quot; the most  blatantly disco song they ever recorded. Most of the rest of the time,  they're singing hits from the 1960s and '70s (as they do in every friggin'  concert), with only a couple of songs from their latest album, &quot;Still  Waters.&quot; The Bee Gees recorded some of their finest songs in the 1980s  and early '90s (&quot;You Win Again,&quot; &quot;E.S.P.,&quot;  &quot;One,&quot; &quot;Ordinary Lives,&quot; &quot;The Only Love,&quot;  &quot;Paying the Price of Love,&quot; etc.), but you won't find any of them  here. On their albums, the Bee Gees have left disco in the dust, but on  stage, they still seem to be suffering from &quot;Saturday Night  Fever.&quot;
0395754100|4.0|My son adores this book- it's the first thing he ever brought to &quot;show &amp; tell&quot; at preschool.  However, I must warn parents that all the stories in this book are quite long, with lots of plot twists.   It is hard for a weary parent to read at bedtime.  Curious George is a  fabulous character, but be prepared for a hoarse voice!
B000001EYW|2.0|The first two songs on the album, &quot;Alone&quot; and &quot;I Surrender,&quot; suggest that great things are to come, but unfortunately that's not the case. With the third track, &quot;I Could Not Love You  More,&quot; the album bogs down into a series of ballads that suggest the  Gibb boys are bound for Vegas. Only &quot;I Will&quot; manages to  distinguish itself from the songs that come before and after it. Barry Gibb  is using a breathy vocal that ranges from effective to annoying, while  Robin's warbling is more pronounced -- and distracting. If the Bee Gees  ever manage to produce an entire album free of such vocal affectations,  they would probably find themselves back on top of the pop music world --  which is where they belong.
6305169187|1.0|Warning: Do not watch this movie if you are scientificly inclined. Do not watch this movie if you cannot suspend your disbelief at an asteroid the size of Texas being &quot;diverted&quot; from its course when it's less  than 20,000 miles from earth (it's a gravitational impossiblility people!).  Ok...so it's a fun romp. But don't expect it to inspire your children to  become astronauts. More likely they will want to be oil rig workers. Good  pay in that.
0345409671|1.0|This book has no redeeming qualities.  I miss the days when the Vampire Chronicles were actually about Vampirism.  I feel like Anne Rice is desecrating her own characters.  I fell totally in love with both Lestat  and Louis; and in this book Lestat is irritating and Louis practically  doesn't exist.  I totally hated the plot.  It was boring and pretensious  and frankly, just stupid.  This was the last thing by Anne Rice that I  read.  I can't bear to imagine what Pandora and Armand are like.  I won't  be finding out.  I read Memnoch hoping for the magic of the first four  books (especially the priceless scenes between Lestat and Louis) and found  none of it.  I was so disappointed.
067101756X|5.0|This books shows how the government can and does coverup stuff it doesn't wish for the public to know.  I have never seen an alien but that doesn't mean they don't exist.  I feel the government knows way more than they want  us to know.  Just like the hobel telescope when it was blacking out.  Based  on the kinda stuff this book says. it was very likely a electro-magnetic  pulse generated by alien aircraft that caused the telescope to get buzzed  out.
B0000025BL|5.0|Meat loaf produced a true classic that is as pleasant on the ear today as it was back in the late 70s. In this age of simplistic, often indiscernible sounds, this provides a wonderful contrast. A must for all rock music fans,  grab this one for your collection and you will find yourself hanging on to  every riveting musical note.
6304117752|5.0|Great film.  Soundtrack is unforgetable.  Romance is real.  Political themes are simplified, but interesting.  Great family dynamics.  Super-clean for the young ones.
0679405429|5.0|This book is witty book which portrays a mother who is over anxious to get her 5 daughters married and trying to compete with her neighbours Sir &amp; Lady Lucas to get her children married of before their Charlotte. Their  eldest daughter Jane meets the rich yet charming Mr Bingley. Elizabeth the  more level headed of the 5 Bennet daughters. Falls in love with th proud Mr  Darcy.  This is a book which should not be missed just because you are  prejuidced of classics.
B0000025L8|4.0|For the most part a good CD, but if your not already a Clash fan this might not be what your lookin for. But if you are a Clash fan, this Cd definitely appeals to you.
0192834711|5.0|I've never read a book at once so complex and smoothly presented. Its intricacy is so perfectly crafted that you can't help but step back, when you're done, and look at this book in awe. It's a fantastic story, a  fantastic mystery, and a fantastic storehouse of great characters,  particularly Gabriel Betteredge and Miss Clack. This is one to read over  and over.
6301562941|5.0|The director's cut edition is what James Cameron wanted for the original release.  The additional footage is wonderful and the ending is completely different than the original theatrical release.  It is a signifantly better  movie that the original!
0792151712|5.0|I'm fifteen and have been a Titanic freak for eight years {rivet counter to be exact}and I loved the film. What I hate the worst are these all- knowing buttheads who trash it! I found the effects amazing and the sets  incredible {I should  know} the worst error I saw was a door that should  have been painted white instead of natural finish.
B00000DHTF|5.0|The Boss memerizes his fans with 66 &quot;new&quot; songs that appropriately add to his already spectacular body of work. With Tracks, Springsteen cements his place as the most important musician of the last 50  years. If you think you're a fan of music, then Tracks has to be a part of  your collection.
B0000009UX|5.0|I've always thought &quot;Imperial Bedroom&quot; to be Elvis' masterpiece and only recently listened to it again through headphones a la REM's &quot;Up&quot;.  I'd never listened to it before this way and the sound and  subtle nuances are even better enjoyed this way. Elvis' songwriting on  &quot;Imperial Bedroom&quot; was at it's most crisp, witty and insightful.  Every track on here is a true jem...a shining jewel.  Well worth the money  if you spring for the gold masterdisc.  Some of these songs made me cry  then and still resonate now.  I'm glad I saw him on the &quot;Imperial  Bedroom&quot; and glad I have this CD!
0316152196|5.0|I'm an English teacher who is hooked on Connelly.  He paints pictures with words with the best.  Bosch is somehow gonna get screwed (and then unscrewed) in this one.  As he's burned most of his LAPD bridges, I wonder  how he's going to finagle his way back into the action.
6305132984|5.0|Although somewhat dated, &quot;West Side Story&quot; still holds its own today.  The DVD is especially excellent and the widescreen version enhances the film.  There is nothing more that can be said for the Bernstein  score...it is terrific.  Along with the music, the dancing and acting are  all first-rate.  A real winner!
6305090564|4.0|The audio and video portions are a standout, but not much else went into the DVD production of this Hollywood Pictures release under the Disney umbrella. The single layer-disc contains the 2.35:1 widescreen version, but  without anamorphic enhancement. From the static menu are some basic  options, no supplements are included except for a trailer found under the  inappropriately named &quot;Extra Feature&quot; category. Talk about your  extra disappointment. Still, that's all fine and dandy if the disc isn't  over priced at $29.99. Unless it is a blockbuster title, I don't find the  incentive to pay for that much. I hope that Disney would follow the example  of Warner in releasing moderate hit titles at under $20. That goes out to  Paramount and Fox releases as well. <br />I have little complaint when it  comes to the transfer of the DVD. The presentation is smooth and exhibits  none of the jaggedness or shimmering. Images are a tad soft on some scenes,  but detailed with occassional grains. The film is set in a mostly dark  environment; the cruise ship is stranded in a violent storm and most  actions take place below the deck in half-lit corridors. Black and shadow  detail are crucial in such an environment and thankfully the picture  exhibits clearly defined outlines and depths, instead of a muddy mess. In  fact, some of the creature effects have too strong of an outline which  bring attention between the real setting and digital effects. But that is  not something that the transfer could improve on. Colors are well saturated  and the luxurious interior of the ship provides for an absorbing display.  <br />The special effects by Dream Quest and makeup effects by Academy Award  winner Rob Bottin (The Thing, Total Recall) are generally quite impressive  and nothing cheesy like Anaconda. The amount of gores approach that of  Starship Troopers. In one shocking scene, the cargo hold is filled with  human remains of recent victims, minus the skins. I was having a pizza went  that scene came on, let just say it was very hard to swallow afterward. But  five minutes later, I was chomping away. In another gruesome scene, a  partially digested crew reaches for help to the remaining survivors as the  creature's acid slowly dissolves his body. The effect was done by Blur  Studio using computer generated imagery tracked into a live-action shot.  For the climatic finale, the cruise ship Argonautica was blown to pieces.  The pyrotechnics made realistic by actually blowing up a 110-foot model of  the ship.<br />The encoded Dolby Digital soundtrack is the main event of this  DVD. The violent storm unleashes thunders that are incredibly deep in  reveberation. The seemingly unstoppable creatures would just break through  metal corridors and compartments in pursue of victims. The sound effects of  destructions are powerful and dynamic, actively involving all speakers. The  metal hull and pipes lend to the eerie echoes of creaks and grinds that are  projected throught a large soundstage with precise localization. Bass  extension is a knock-out during the appearing of the big creature and on  the final denotation of the ship. Jerry Goldsmith provides an adequate  score and scary sound cues to get the pulse racing around every  corner.<br />Deep Rising is a load of mindless fun. A perfect film to watch  when your buddies are coming over and they demand some entertainment from  your home theater setup. The last thing you want to show them is something  like Hope Floats. Even Sandra Bullock wouldn't be able to prevent a mutiny  in your living room then. So relax, rent Deep Rising, have a few drinks,  and everyone will have a good time. That is until you've to clean up the  mess afterward.
B000002AH7|5.0|If there is one album that captures a mood nowhere else to be found, it is this remarkable album, Sketches of Spain. Strict jazz traditionalists will beg to differ, but this album takes jazz to an artistic level never before  reached.  Miles Davis embodies what an artist is.  The arrangement of the  orchestra complement Davis' statements very well. The most powerful  arrangement is &quot;Saeta,&quot; with its opening horns, almost  introducing the listener to a world he or she has never been to, and may  never return from. This album should be listened to from start to finish. I  first listened to the album in eighth grade, and it hasn't ceased to amaze  me. It is absolutely essential for any fan of Miles Davis, jazz, and/or  art.
630512762X|4.0|Face/Off is among the few selected titles that mark Paramount's much anticipated launch of the DVD format. The release is a good first attempt, but certainly lacking in features that make it difficult to justify the  high price. At the retail price of $29.99, one would expect better  supplement than the inclusion of just the trailer. One thing that is  included is the annoyingly long copyright warning that can not be bypassed  before entering the menu. Which mean that each time we are watching a  Paramount movie, we are forced to sit through the entire warning over and  over again. At the end of the week, I am able to recite the warning in  three languages. <br />Face/Off is transfered on a dual-layer disc and there  lies a problem, my Panasonic A110 would not recognize the layer switch and  skip the chapter entirely. At the end of chapter 18, the switch should  occur, but instead chapter 20 appears next. I could manually switch to  chapter 19 but that basically ruined the sequence. My player has no problem  with other dual-layer discs, so I will have to chalk it up as a defect on  the pressing of the disc. If you encounter the same problem, return it for  a new copy. The menu setup is rather bland, but that is fine as some of the  animated menu can become quite tiresome. However, one thing I don't like is  the fact that the movie defaults to the Pro-Logic mode rather than the 5.1  channels and you can only change it during the setup and not while the  movie is playing. Ditto for the subtitles. <br />I find the print that was  used for the mastering not as clean as the THX transfer of the laserdisc.  There were some dirt particles inherent on the print that did not show up  on the laserdisc. I also noticed more shimmering and jaggedness than on a  typical DVD transfer. Pixelation also rears its ugly head on one particular  scene. Besides that, images are sharp and colors are instrinsic. Contrast  and brightness are excellent with deep blacks and well defined shadowdetails. Fleshtones are natural and consistent. The framing follows the  theatrical ratio of 2.35:1 for an excellent presentation that has no  problem containing all the mayhems. <br />Right from the start, the encoded  Dolby Digital soundtrack opens up a huge soundstage with creative mix for  the rear surrounds. The swirling horse carousel in the opening scene  provides for a startling 360 degree sound effects along with the  interspersing of a child's laughters. The score by John Powell is terrific  in dramatizing the surreal moment. At certain point, the score is  action-oriented to match the balletic sequences of gunfight and thrilling  chases, and at other time tender and reflective. The strangely beautiful  scene where Judy Garland's rendition of Somewhere Over the Rainbow played  on the little boy's headset amidst the bloody shootout truly bespeak the  artistry of John Woo. The score is recorded with great clarity and fidelity  for a tremendous impact. The many exhilarating shootouts and spectacular  chases take full advantage of the 5.1 channels with bullets richoceting  everywhere for some wild directional effects and huge explosions that  demand heavy workout from the subwoofer. Dialogue is naturally integrated.  <br />As the third Western film he has directed, FACE/OFF is a vintage John  Woo film as he incorporated all his familiar trademarks.  The actions are  not just mindless, but are choreographed with style and poetry.  Mayhems  are often intercutted by slow-motion to capture the precise moment. His  plots often explore the issues of royalty, betrayal, friendship, duty and  justice. Nicolas Cage and John Travolta seem to have great fun switching  roles as they take us along for a wild ride. The supporting cast are  superb, especially Joan Allen for bringing a credibility to the role. At  140 minutes, the movie could be better edited and the high octane actions  might be exhausting for some viewers. However, there are moments in the  movie that are just pure cinematic delights. Face/Off comes highly  recommended.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road one of the best albums ever of any artist and it shows how great and talented they were and the montage at the end is just truly and greatly inspired and influential.  Octopus' Garden is charming and the  others are fantastic; although to be honest &quot;Maxwell's Silver  Hammer&quot; does sound like it might try a little too hard, but Paul was  trying to keep the band together.  Anything less then 5 stars is simply  appalling and shocking because this album like all of the Beatles other  work deserves no less than 10 stars if not a million more.
6305128952|4.0|There is no way I would be able to muster the patience to sit through this strikingly beautiful, but equally languid film in the theater. Unless the theater management encourages me to get up and run around a few laps in the  auditorium during the 169 minutes span of the film. With today's viewing  habit of moviegoers, long length feature film such as The Horse Whisperer  (Titanic an exception) is better served during the home release. At the  same time, the breathtaking cinematography is a main attraction of The  Horse Whisperer which can only be fully appreciated in the theater with the  exact intended composition by the director. Nevertheless, I am glad that  such long feature length movies are still made and while I am guilty of not  patronizing during the theatrical release, the picture captures my interest  on the home front.<br />The Horse Whisperer is the first film that Robert  Redford served not only as the producer and director, but also as the star.  In a unique approach, the film was shot and shown in theater with the  aspect ratio of 1.85:1 and 2.35:1 respectively. In the Manhattan setting,  the film was shot with 1.85:1 as a way to express the clutterness and  chaotic lifestyle of the big city. As the family journeys to Montana, the  scope setting widened to 2.35:1 in projecting the simplicity and  peacefulness of nature. The framing of the DVD is closer to 2.35:1 for both  settings. Thus, the effect is diminished from Redford's original intention.  Furthermore, I feel that some close-ups of the 2.35:1 framing are too  tight, forehead and chin are letterboxed out by the black bars. While this  is a minor distraction, there are two instances where digital artifacts  betrayed the integrity of the shot. A very noticeable jittering effects  show up on my Panasonic A110 on two landscape backdrops. The hills look  like it were moving as the compression cheated a few frames out of the  setting. Hopefully something like this will not become an issue as the  compression technology continues to improve.<br />With that aside, the rest of  the picture is gorgeous. The majority of the story takes place in Montana  and the cinematography of Robert Richardson (Platoon, Wag The Dog) embraces  the spectacular landscape with many wide-open shots. The images are post  card perfect of rugged mountains, snow-covered plains, breezy field of  wheats, pillowing clouds, and silhouette vistas. The lighting is serene and  natural. Soft filter lenses are used to gently bounce amber-gold light off  the characters or casting silhouette against the backdrop of majestic  sunset skies. One can not watch this film without being captivated and  inspired by the landscape and lighting. Images of the transfer are detailed  with fully saturated colors and no grains. Blacks are glossy and shadow  details is clearly defined.<br />The encoded Dolby Digital soundtrack is not  particularly powerful and there is little reason to be for a film that is  mostly dialogue driven. There are a few scenes where the sound is very  dramatic such as the harrowing accident scene of the horse and truck that I  had to literally brace myself watching the impact. The score by Thomas  Newman (Shawshank Redemption, Meet Joe Black) complements the Western  landscape with solo piano and soft violin surrounded by orchestration, but  refrained from reaching a melodramatic stage. The recording is expansive  and rich in clarity and provides most of the ambience. Sound effects such  as horses and distant thunders are spatially integrated. <br />For a film that  I wouldn't be able to sit through in the theater, I watched the DVD twice  at home on the first couple days I got it. To see the film, you have to  sprawl on the sofa, settle into a comfortable position, and ready to be  mesmerized by the stunning imageries and a deliberate but satisfying  story.
0783229011|5.0|This talkng pig will steal your heart.  The story is wonderful for adults and children alike, and the effects are so believable you'll feel like the animals really can talk.
0767817478|4.0|With less than a stellar performance at the box office and bashed by both critics and moviegoers alike, Godzilla can finally find some redemptions on this outstanding DVD release. One that sets a new reference in both audio  and video reproduction.<br />The Panavision scope picture is matted at 2.35:1  and also 16x9 enhanced for a flawless presentation. Images are  exceptionally sharp and reveal no artifact whatsoever. A complaint I have  about the film in the theater was that it was too dark, making it difficult  to follow Godzilla as he weaves through the buildings of nighttime  Manhattan. That is simply not the case on the DVD transfer as the contrast  and brightness are superb in bringing forth the details and adding to the  excellent visual depth. Black and shadow detail are exemplary. Colors are  vibrant and solid, and fleshtones are rendered naturally. The only  compromise on this disc is the layer switch which is a bit abrupt, and   depend on your player, could take a second or longer.<br />The encoded Dolby  Digital soundtrack is stunning in every which way. Bolt down your  furnitures because the bass extension is unbelievably deep and powerful.  The scene where the cars jump in unision as Godzilla approaches provides  the levels of bass response that you just have to experience. It is so  wonderfully full and dynamics. As Godzilla steps overhead, even the rear  channels sustain some serious bass energy. Simply thrilling! The spatial  integration of sound effects is fabulous with a huge soundstage that excels  in imaging and depth. The split surrounds are extremely aggressive and  blend seamlessly with the front speakers for an awesome 360 degree  presence. The heavily action score by David Arnold is expansive and rich in  fidelity. Dialogue is well integrated and sounds natural throughout.<br />The  Special Edition DVD is packaged in a cool radioactive-green cover. The  animated menu is very innovative as the perspective is through the view  finder of therecording camera. The whole menu would shake as though the  viewer is holding the camera while filming the approaching Godzilla. After  selecting an option, a giant foot would come crashing down on the menu.  Strangely enough, the sound effects on the menu is presented in Dolby  Digital, but the default soundtrack when playing the movie is Dolby  Surround. I don't understand the logic in that. I find the supplements to  be rather weak except for the five entertaining trailers. Two of which are  teaser trailers, including the one showing Godzilla stomping on a T-Rex  fossil display. Surprisingly, there are also two Japanese trailers,  Godzilla vs. King Ghidora and Godzilla vs. Mortha. The Before and After is  basically a slide show comparing two set of images, one with the digital  effects and the other without. The Featurette is a lighthearted segment  hosted by Harry Shearer that include interviews with director Emmerich and  producer Devlin, plus other cast and crew. The Photo Gallery is useless  since it contains still images that you can just pause on your player. The  commentary by the special effects supervisors is somewhat interesting, but  suffers from too much pauses. <br />Despite the moronic plot and lousy acting  in Godzilla, the DVD production warrants a look just to experience the  incredible audio and video portions. Godzilla delivers in that  regard.
6305161976|5.0|Casablanca is a must have classic for any DVD collection.  Easily, one of the best films ever made, Michael Curtiz' direction, Bogart's &amp; Bergman's performance, the performances of the supporting cast (especially  Claude Rains) and the writing congeal to make this film a rewarding  experience for anyone.  It is in fact required viewing because of its  impact as a cultural touchstone for America in the 20th Century.
6302541743|5.0|John Cleese's classic comedy series packs the most guffaws of anything I've ever seen. With his 'wife' Sybil, Cleese tries to run a small hotel where something is always going wrong, usually involving some screw-up on  his part which he then tries to cover.  This series is so funny that I  start to giggle every time I even think about it. I'm a big believer that  comedy heals the soul and the body so I sent this to my father when he was  recovering from surgery and he loved it!
0790737302|3.0|Although this movie had me interested at first, on second glance, I realize the plot had some predictable turns and that it just isn't 5 star material. I love Nicolas Cage and he is one of the most powerful actors of  this decade. I just hope that his next movies are not so transparent.
0792153189|5.0|This version of the future is much more realistic and accurate than in the movie Armageddon.  Really gets you to thinking..
B00000AFHM|5.0|&quot;arab strap&quot; is the finest album of 1998!! not since Luna's &quot;pup tent&quot;, of a year ago, has an album demonstrated such imagination and consistency. while reminiscent of the 70's band  Television,with airy guitar and attractive vocals, Belle and Sebastian have  managed to carve their own niche into the non-mainstream music scene. how  long this will last no one is sure.but one sound of &quot;the boy with the  arab strap&quot; should cause even the most casual listener to perk up and  take notice!!
B00000DLVA|4.0|I love this c.d.  From track 1 to track 10, it is a new Cardigan sound, but a large improvement.  I think they really did improve perfectoin.  11 is a bit out there though. It is a good c.d. for any Cardigans fans and  guaranteed to attract a few more.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Great global mix of sultry dance tracks. Cher matches the romantic dance sounds of Barry White. I especially like the 4 last tracks from my own NYC grand dj mix artists (1 from Junior Vasquez and 3 from Todd Terry).
0679781307|5.0|Read this wonderfull book in one sitting. But I found it easier to place fault in Hannah. (Although it is skillfull writting to see how being in love makes it hard to condemn someone of a crime they committed.) She does  not seem as innocent as some here have stated...and none have commented on  how she &quot;ruins&quot; Michael for any future healthy relationships. If  she had met him in the camps..she would have sent him away to die. Would I  have done the same if I were her, in the same place...ie: allow the women  to die in the camp? I hope not but who knows? But if I did...I am guilty  and so is she.
0380973634|3.0|I've never heard of Neil Gaiman, but I took a chance on this author becuase I was intrigued by when I read the jacket.  I thought it was going to be a thriller, but to my disaapointment, it turned out to be a fantasy  novel, like something out of Dungeons and Dragons.  I haven't read any  fantasy novels since I was a kid and I don't read them now, so that's why  my review may be slanted.  This book would have appealed to me more if it  weren't so weird and the characters weren't founded on some sort of role  playing game, which I feel the entire book was.  But still even though I  didn't care for it and wouldn't recommend it, Mr. Gaiman is a good writer  and I won't take away from that.  Three stars is my vote.  By the way I  find it hard to believe that this book was a national best seller.  It  seems like everything you buy at the bookstore these days comes attached  with that label.
0767800958|5.0|Most dance movies obscure the actual dancing in a barrage of MTV-quick-cut shots of heads and feet.  This one doesn't.  Why not?  Because it doesn't have to.  The dancers are terrific, and shooting them full-length, with the  camera on them for minutes at a time, shows them and the Tango to  advantage.<br />After a distracting yet stylish introduction, the movie  settles down into its intelligent portrayal of two exceptional people  learning to love each other and dance together.  The director wisely keeps  the dialogue to a minimum, and lets the dancing tell the story.  And what  dancing!  The Tango is a captivating dance to begin with, and these folks  dance it with grace and passion.  <br />Pablo Veron has more screen presence  than any other actor alive, and he's a world-class dancer to boot.  Sally  Potter, the movie's director who plays his partner is also an excellent  tanguera.  Did I say it before?  The dancing is amazing!<br />From the parks  of Paris to the Tango salons of Buenos Aires, the characters speak to each  other in French, Spanish, and English.  This ain't Hollywood fare.  No car  chases, no pulling of heart strings, no wacky characters.  Just striking  cinematography, a fine, spare script, and delightful dancing.  If you like  beautiful things, you'll like this movie.
B000002H33|5.0|&quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; has got to be some of Metallica's finest work. Very melodic to extremely heavy. Every song on this CD will leave you feeling &quot;full&quot;, like you've just had a big &quot;Heavy  Metal&quot; sandwich, with a side order of railroad spikes! Some great  choice cuts: &quot;Battery&quot;,&quot;Master&quot;, &quot;Orion&quot;,  &quot;Sanitarium&quot;, and &quot;Damage Inc&quot;. That's almost the whole  album, I know, but, hey, when you're good, you're good, and this album sure  is! A definite &quot;MUST HAVE&quot; for any true headbangin', metal fan!  Kirk Hammet really shines on this CD with some brilliant melodic sounds.  This is NOT your typical 90's Metallica, this is when these guys really  kicked butt and took names!
B00000DGUG|5.0|I loved Jagged Little Pill, so when I first heard this CD, I was skeptical. There were some immediate hits like 'Front Row' with its stream-of-consciousness poetry, and both 'I was Hoping' and 'One' are  gorgeous. Not to mention 'Unsent' or 'That I would be Good.' After really  listening to it though, I found that all of the tracks are fantastic. This  CD really grafts on to you. To put it simply, you just can't go wrong with  this album!
B00000DHTF|5.0|You can't imagine how wonderful it is to hear NEW Springsteen.  It has been a delight over the last week to be able to pop in any of his four new CDs and listen to &quot;Thundercrack,&quot; or &quot;Stolen Car,&quot; or  the wonderfully evocative &quot;Lucky Man.&quot;  He's amazing, I tell you,  and if you don't have this set, buy it now.  Every day you delay is one  less opportunity to enjoy great music and great artistry.
0375404406|1.0|A reviewer on Oct. 21 gave this 5 stars and read it in 5 hours. I believe it was written in 5 hours while under duress. Follett should be ashamed of himself...plot doesn't hold water, characters are undeveloped and  uninteresting...lazy, lazy!!!!
B00000DGUG|2.0|I was disappointed.  Like just about every other female on earth, JLP became my &quot;anthem CD&quot;--and memorized every song on it.  What made Alanis so much fun was the rage that we all need to  let loose once in a while.  Even  &quot;Univited&quot; was along those lines...and I was a bit curious as to  why that track was not to be included on &quot;Junkie&quot;.  <br />But now we  know...that track belonged on JLP. On the new CD, its like she's  apologizing for everything she said on JLP, kind of like &quot;It wasn't  you, it was me.&quot;  WE DON'T NEED TO HEAR THAT!  Please VENT to us,  Alanis, and save the self incrimination for your shrink.
0140277447|3.0|It is disturbing and precise. One leaves the finished book with a clear understanding of how atrocities can be swept under the rug and history can be re-written by governments. The only criticism of the book lies in  Chang's writing style. Had the book been less concerned with justifying  itself and it's facts and written more cohesively and with broader style,  the readability of the text would be greatly enhanced.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I expected more catchy lyrics.  It's whiny, instead.  Borrow this CD; don't waste the $$$.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Alanis' first CD was very good. It was all about being pissed off at lovers/friends/pastors(?) and letting it all out.   This CD is very different. It is also about Alanis' loving aspect, but instead of  dissapointment therin, it was about self-searching and fulfillment. I think  it is much deeper, mature, dynamic; everything but dissapointing.
B00000DHTF|5.0|when i took up a buddy's offer of a free ticket to a bruce springsteen concert in 1975 i had a vague memory of hearing born to run on the radio.  when i left the concert that night i was a full fledged springsteen  believer.  whatever the reason, bruce's music has always struck a powerful  emotional cord with me.  i can't explain it really -- hell i grew up in a  lily white middle class suburb in western new york, not many parallels to  the jersey shore.  i don't try to understand it anymore.  all i know is  that when i look back on the past 25 years -- high school, college,  marriage, births and deaths  -- there are many springsteen  &quot;markers&quot; for me.  this collection is a powerful reminder of all  his music has meant to me.  even though i've never heard many of the songs  (never been a bootleg fan) you can hear the different springsteen eras as  you listen.  you can hear him grow and change as an artist and as i did i  could recall how i've grown and changed.  if you're a springsteen fan, you  have to buy this collection.  trust me, you won't regret it.
B000002C1Z|4.0|If I could, I would give it 4 and 1/2 stars just because Sheep is not up to par with the rest of the songs.  The other songs are amazing, absolutely amazing.  Both Pigs on the Wing(s) delicately introduce and exit the album.   Dogs is my favorite,,, never have I ever heard a more soothing piece than  the one @ 3:30 into the song.  It defines good music.  Ditto for pigs.  Buy  this album.
B000005J56|5.0|Many people associate Cuban music with the high energy of artists like Ricky Ricardo...but Ry pulls off the all time ethnic music coup here.  He persuades many wonderful, but &quot;seasoned&quot; musicians to join him in  this recording and the final product is so smooth and delicious that you  don't have to know a word of spanish to love it.  Like so much of Ry  Cooder's music, it's the feeling that makes it a treasure. This &quot;must  have&quot; collection shows us that Cuban music is certainly filled with  soul and energy but is also beautiful and moving.<br />Ry Cooder has an  uncanny ability to produce great music without having to be in the  foreground of it all.  This album is no exception...he doesn't use these  fantastic musicians to be his band, but rather tastefully adds his own  flavor when, and only when, it is appropriate. <br />Those of us who have  followed Cooder's career over many years believe he can work magic with  just about any music...but &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot; might be his  best ever.  <br />Buen Trabajo!
B00000DCWQ|5.0|Songs from the Wood is really one of the best CD's that Jethro Tull have done.  Lead singer Ian Anderson's voice is perhaps at the best it has been in his career, the quality of the songs is unsurpassed, and there is just  no other group that shines like Jethro Tull!  &quot;I am Jack in the  Green!&quot;
0399143904|1.0|The worst book i've read in a long long time.  very bad editing, and completly subjugated to the reactionary and ultra right wing political agenda of Clancy. It tells us that the only way to be a real man is to have  a male child and that women are only good for having children and quailing  before the macho superiorty of their men.
0783229011|5.0|Babe is not to be missed! It is a classic which will charm and delight both young and old for years to come. I have received rave reviews whenever I have given this video as a gift. BABE is a treasure!
0800141326|1.0|&quot;Godzilla&quot;?<br />No, try &quot;The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms.&quot;<br />And not even a good remake, at that.
6304383177|5.0|I was never a fan of classic (black &amp; white) movies, but my wife made me watch 'bringing up baby' and I laughed so hard, I was literally rolling on the floor, crying. My ribs were sore from laughing so hard. I'm now an  endless fan of Cary Grant's comedic work, and anything Howard Hawks  directed. Very much worth your time and money.
0553108034|5.0|Forget what Mr. Jordan says on the front cover--I almost didn't buy this book because of his comment (*I* think an writes poorly). This is the best Fantasy that I've read in a long, long time. I don't read much fantasy  anymore because books like this one are to few and far between. If you are,  or ever were, a fan of Fantasy you owe it to yourself to read this book.
0800128052|5.0|A great movie about superation and the fight for your dreams no matter how impossible they could be seen. Dont miss it for anything.
0880389052|3.0|I found this book quite enjoyable.  The lifestyle of the drow elves were reminiscent of Moorcock's Melniboneans, though not a copy of or mockery of them.  This doesn't mean, however that Salvatore is on par with Moorcock,  but of course not many are. Drizzt's internal conflicts were quite  refreshing in a genre where most conflicts take place on battlefields or in  taverns.  I recommend this book, and I look forward to reading new titles  by this author who has obvious talent and great promise.
B000002BPS|5.0|I've just listened to AmericanA and it's nothing compared to this - Ixnay has tremendous songs like 'Amazed', 'Meaning of Life' - all of them! AmericanA has some decidedly dodgy stuff. Ixnay is up there with Smash in  terms of great songs and Offspringness. Buy it. Now. And Smash. And  Ignition. Listen to AmericanA first before you buy it.
B000005IU2|5.0|Funhouse came along during my formative years as a musician and was one of the albums that influenced me most in my own songwriting and playing. When Iggy Stooge began calling himself Iggy Pop, it was the full flowering of  punk, a mecca toward which every heavy metal and punk band has been  slouching ever since. When you put this cd on and turn your headphones to  B-52 take-off, you will hear the distillation of rock influences that  formed generations of music, fashion, attitude. Iggy Pop belongs on Mt.  Rushmore. Now that we know Thomas Jefferson lied and would have been  impeached had DNA testing existed in his era, perhaps we could rechisel his  visage, add a ton of black mascara and a dumptruck full of peanut butter  and put Iggy where he truly belongs, sneering down on the world he has  created out of three chords and Motor City teenage angst.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|A reasonable CD, and definitely offspring, but probably their worst I've heard. Go listen to Ixnay, Smash or even Ignition. They rock :) AmericanA is a decent CD, it's just not the Offsprings best. Oh, and it's out in the  UK on general release too :)
0375701427|4.0|My first experience w/ Phillip Roth, and I was impressed by his range to depict the mood of an era with such accuracy and emotion. The paperback version extends past 400 pages, and Roth would have not lost much by  trimming it to 300.
630512065X|5.0|Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical Cats is superb! I loved it and so would you! :)
6304913176|5.0|I don't really want to repeat the others reviewing this movie. I'd just like to draw the attention to the fact that this picture had not got average scores: you either love it or hate it. That's why I think it's  great. And I love it.
B000002TP7|5.0|This cd is the best rap cd i own. Track seven &quot;Get it together&quot; is my favorite song on the album.  It's hilarious if you understand all the lyrics.  Most of the tracks are exceptional except for a few.  Beastie  revolutionalized rap as we know it.
B00000DHRX|5.0|I've always cherished GM's songs but unfortunately lost his albums throughout the years. It's an understatement to say that I was extremely pleased with this collection. Inspirational, introspective and filled with  emotion, I could ask for nothing more, except probably the inclusion of  some of his other songs like &quot;Tonight&quot; and &quot;If you were my  woman&quot;. GM's songs or his rendition of old songs touched me more than  that of any other performer who had existed and to experience most of them  here revitalized my admiration for his unique musical sensitivity.
B000002KOJ|5.0|Clouds is an excellent album.  It comes away from the faster sounds of Blue and brings out Joni's ability to master even the most poingant, yet mellow paino songs beautifully.  Although Both Sides, now was most popular  I think that the songs deserving the most credit are The Song about the  Midway, The Gallery and I don't know where I stand.  BUY THIS ALBUM!
0380789019|5.0|I picked this book up out of curiosity, because I knew Gaiman from his work on SimCity 2000... and it blew me away. Gaiman is a master of combining fantasy, humor, and horror all in one lump sum. What a surprise--  I thought I would be bored, but the action kept its pace throughout the  entire book. I can only hope Mr. Gaiman plans on a sequel...
0385484518|5.0|I wish everyone would read this book, but especially fathers who have found themselves running the &quot;fast track&quot; in their careers.  This book speaks to one's heart on what and who really does matter in your life  and asks you to examine what legacy you are leaving behind for your  children.
0194313425|5.0|I was wondering where can I find this great book and finally I did it. I'am so happy for this ,I found it in a library and I wanted to get it, now I can , but the book I've read has other two for exercise. Would you mind  telling me if you have these. Thanks Martha Lynch
0792139771|5.0|Yes, it's historically not quite accurate.  Yes, it's extremely gory.  Yes, Mel Gibson gets upstaged at times.  And yes, it won the Best Picture and Best Director Academy Awards for a reason.  It's a great picture.  It  has humor, pathos, romance, regret, hate, joy, intimate moments and epic  ones, action scenes and great music.  What's not to like?  Be sure to get  the wide screen version, lest you miss some of the bits of business that  were so important but not directly in the center of the screen.  Then sit  back and enjoy movie making at its best.
0380973634|4.0|As a reader of Fantsy, I`m always looking for a new experience. I noticed a fellow employee at work reading &quot;Neverwhere&quot;, and when I saw it listed on Amazon,Ihad to try. Boy am I glad I did!   Its a great read(did  it in 3 sittings),the pace just pulls you along,the characters are  developed enough to be both sympathetic and scarry,and the premise is  handled in a lighthearted and almost comical way. An emotional journey that  I for one would be willing to endure again and again. I was physically  tired by the end.
0792839846|5.0|This is my all time favorite movie, and I wasn't even born when it was in the theaters.  Claude Raines is too perfect for words.  Bogey and Bergman made screen sparks that crackle off a mere TV screen--just imagine how they  were on the big screen.  The supporting character actors are unmatched by  anyone I've seen these days.  And, oh, yeah, what a great story.  Don't  miss this movie.
0800141326|1.0|This movie was terrible.  There is no other way to put it.  Broderick was stiff, the girl was just plain awful and the basic plot is: Army shoots at Godzilla, Godzilla ducks.  The only bright spot, and it was not a huge one,  was Jean Reno.  He did a bang-up job in an awful flick.
6303014100|5.0|What makes this movie so powerful are the 5,000 Civil War re-enactors.  They allowed no theatrical shortcuts to uniforms or equipment.  They needed little rehearsal before filming the battle scenes.  Their cannon made the  artillery battle so riveting.  Without them, the movie would have been just  another theatrical release. Add to that the magnificant acting by Sam  Elliott, Jeff Daniels, Tom Berenger, et. al., and the story based upon  Michael Shaara's The Killer Angels, and it couldn't be anything less than  outstanding. If you can get it, I strongly recommend the director's cut,  which adds about thirty minutes to the theater version, and gives far  better continuity.  When you get it home, hook the TV up to your stereo, so  you can get the full effect of the artillery bombardment. Then enjoy a real  experience.
B00000DGUG|1.0|LABEL ON CD SHOULD SAY  WARNING : THIS CD IS A WASTE OF GOOD MONEY PUT IT DOWN NOW. IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS CD WHY NOT RATHER GIVE YOUR MONEY TO THE HOMELESS OR SOMETHING CAUSE THAT IS WHAT ALANIS IS GOING TO BE  AFTER THIS ALBUM.
B00000DFTG|5.0|I was more of an Ozzy fan than a complete Black Sabbath.  However, after listing to this CD, I realize that Ozzy just continued in his own recordings what Black Sabbath was doing prior to his solo career.  This CD  is full of powerful riffs and will make your head bang from start to  finish.
0694003611|5.0|This is the first book I have read to my 3-month old son that he pays attention to. He loves the colors and the rhymes.  I love it, too, short enough to keep him interested the entire time, and the text is cute enough  to keep from being monotonous (plus easy to read with feeling).  I highly  recommend!
B000005ZFN|5.0|This remastered version of A Passion Play sounds like it was recorded yesterday! Tull's music can sound bloated, muddy, and ponderous when played from later (poorer) generation master derived copies (CD and LP). <br />Not  this one. This Mofi Gold CD is a joy to listen to, as it fully lets the  interplay of the musicians through and the music really sings, as a result.  A Passion Play was my first concert (circa 1973), and this version brings  back all that bygone era's errational exuberence. Excellent!<br />As for the  musical worth of this most critically controverial of Jethro Tull's albums  well, I consider it as I do Grande Champagne Cognac. Not easily appreciated  on first sip, but upon extended  audition, one cannot imagine life without  it..
B000000W5L|5.0|In six years, when my daughter will be ten, I will play it for her, in order to explain her what popular music is. After years of symphonic and modern mistakes, Who broke the stupid laws and went deeper down the roots?.  USA people should be very pleased. Exile is (with Guthrie, Dylan and blues  men) one of the books with the History of American Folklore; of the  american black &amp; blue people. Spaniards can understand it with arabian  &amp; Flamenco airs.
0553213105|5.0|I loved this book when I read it in junior high, and over the years it has become, as much as I can say this about any book, my favorite. If I could write well enough to do the book justice, I wouldn't be a programmer, but I  can say that it satisfies my craving for &quot;romantic slop&quot; without  being in the least sloppy, and it entertains with both low comedy and keen  perception. But my  favorite feature of the book is what I've heard  described as the &quot;comic precision&quot; of the speech of the  characters. It would take a week of  polishing to utter a single such  phrase, and the idea of a group of people bantering effortlessly in this  manner fills me with delight. And to the high school kid that said it  wasn't &quot;profound&quot; enough: I might have said the same thing 25  years ago, but now the books that I thought profound then seem obvious,  tedious, and/or pompous. I  imagine that 25 years from now you will  appreciate Austen more than you do today...
6300271285|4.0|When we lost Howard Ashman, we lost one our most imaginative and entertaining musical-theater book writers and lyricists. &quot;Little Shop of Horrors&quot; should be counted among Ashman and Menken's best, using  old-fashioned rock and roll and comedy in this revision of Roger Corman's  original and memorable sci-fi schlock flick.  As to Frank Oz's directing,  the dark &quot;Skid Row&quot; number alone is worth the price of admission.   Your feet will be tapping throughout. Add this film to your private  collection.
6303942830|1.0|This is one of those modern travesties based on the retelling of a classic tale. The result is as dismal as those failed attempts made at rewriting Dickens, for example, which retellings wind up using only the original  names of the participants, or even less only the name of the original work,  and forgoing the original story.<br />For reasons unexplained the main  protagonist, and basic character who gives meaning to the story, is  completely ignored and the entire story squewed to support the current lead  actor, who is seen most often in profile and clothed in a billowing  shirt.<br />It is a senselessly violent turkey.
B00000DFRS|4.0|Tracks produced by Wyclef Jean and Missy elliot seem less catchy than other songs in the album but it is good for Whitney to change her style. Tracks produced by David Foster and Babyface are still easy listening as  always.Her voice is still great. By the way the title of album is &quot;My  love is your Love&quot;. Amazon should do more work to get update  information.
0385493622|5.0|Few people can understand and appreciate the beauty of mathematics. A great problem and a great book open the door for the beauty of mathematics
B000002LFU|4.0|I got this album when I was 11 years old and in the 6th grade.  After playing out my tape, I purchased 'Murmur' and 'Document', from there, I was hooked.  I was a little skeptical on the release of 'Time' and 'People',  but after growing on me I realize that R.E.M. are one of, if not the, best  American band.  <br />'Green' is a wonderful assortment from Pop Song to   Untitled.  I Remember California, You Are the Everything and World Leader  Pretend rise above the norm on this particular disc.  <br />R.E.M. has a knack  of changing by not changing, and this album proves that over any other of  theirs, not only because of the subject matter and sound, but also the  change of label, which never truly affected the band.
B000002JSN|5.0|After many years of listening to Zeppelin, Ive found it hard to choose one of their albums over their others. However, it is Physical Grafitti which captures best the broad spectrum of Led Zeppelin's creativeness.  Raw  power, experimentation, and a return to their roots. If &quot;Houses of the  Holy&quot; proved they could do just about anything musically,  &quot;Graffiti&quot; shows their incredible creative focus. &quot;In my  Time of Dying&quot;, &quot;Trampled Underfoot&quot;, &quot;In the  Light&quot; and &quot;Ten Years Gone&quot; are particularly impressive.
6304913176|5.0|The book and the movie are both increadably great! For all those people who also read the book, I think they were compleatly different, yet both good. For all those people who hated it, I have two words: Stop whining!  You don't have to squeeze every single thing that was slightly boring! I  know the movie has many flaws, I even think the &quot;sucking brains&quot;  was lame to! but I just look the other way, and don't bother pointing out  that that was more than two words, because I am already aware of it.
B00000DLVA|5.0|This is my first Cardigan's album, and I am impressed. I was worried that it would be so poppy and light-weight that I would vomit, but I was pleasantly surprised. This album rocks, but has a melodic atmosphere that  is pleasing to the ear. The thing about foreign bands that don't have  English as their 1st language, is that they have not developed as many  American musical and lyrical cliches.They have a different, fresh  perspective of the English language and culture. In this age of so much  hum-drum rock n'pop, the Cardigans are very refreshing. I am definitely a  new fan!
0446604844|5.0|This book is fabulous, fast-paced, one of those I couldn't put it down until I was finished kinda books.  The characters are lovable, and you will find yourself constantly guessing at who did it! I loved this book so much  I ran out and bought &quot;The Winner&quot; DON'T bother.... Total Control  is where the action is at.
B000003TSP|5.0|I love this CD. Much better than the first one. The first one was good, but this album has got it all. People don't know what they're talking about when they say this album isn't as good as it's predecessor. WRONG! Buy it!  NOW!
0767817478|2.0|As often happens this movie got better on home video. Due primarily to the spectacle and killer sound track. If you grew up on Rodan &amp; King Kong etc. then I don't see how you can resist owning this movie. The technical  improvements in FX and sound post production make this film worth owning,  not to mention the decision to make the MONSTER so large that it had to be  filmed out of frame (vertically), showing mostly legs and   of the lower  torso! Now for the bad part of the review. It is perhaps the worst told  story ever seen on film. The two directors Emery something or another and  the other guy just flat out don' know what they are doing. They made  exactly the same basic story telling mistake in &quot;Independence  Day&quot;. There's only one way to tell a satisfying story, and that's in 3  acts/ act 1/ act 2/ act 3/ and in that precise order. These no talents keep  trying to put act 2 first then act 1 followed by act 3. The unsatisfying  result is that you get this long boring middle section in the movie where  nothing happens. They attempt to establish character parameters in this  middle section instead of in act 1 where character introduction &amp;  personalty are traditionally established. Perhaps the most amazing thing  about this movie is the obvious attempt to steal Spielburg's directing  talent in the Madison Square Garden sequence. That by the number rip-off  was obviously done by frame by frame imitation on side-by side viewers.  CARLTON FROM ATLANTA
0375701427|4.0|This is a powerful work of fiction that is, at least in part, an analogy of the loss of American stability brought about by the sixties culture.  Philip Roth frames his story around the Levov family, and the horrible  ordeals that they endure when one of their own goes terribly wrong.  Most  of the characters are drawn with compassion, and this is especially true  with regard to the character of Lou Levov.  Although this is a sad novel,  there are moments of gentle humor.  The dialogue is almost always excellent  and entirely believable.  While American Pastoral is an excellent literary  work, one wishes that it were just a bit longer and answered a few more  questions.  Perhaps that is intentional, given that one of the book's  themes is that there are some things that can not be understood by human  reasoning alone.  This is a very serious novel well worth reading.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|ALL TRUE OFFSPRING ADDICTS WILL LOVE THIS ONE.  WITH THE NEW SOUNDS OF PRETTY FLY AND WHY DON'T YOU GET A JOB AND OLD SCHOOL STUFF LIKE THE KIDS AREN'T ALLIRIGHT AND FEELINGS.  SOMETHING TO LISTEN TO DO IN ANY MOOD.
B00000DFSK|5.0|I'm a u2 fan. I admit that this album is a little disappointing for u2 fans who are already familiar with every song of u2. And i am also very sad that some good stuff from the earliest two albums are totally missing plus  a song like new year's day is miserably edited from its original version.  But let's get real. let's review this album from an objective point of  view. let's not complain about u2 putting out this GH or judge on which  songs should have been included. We are talking about an album which has  more or less the greatest hits of u2 in '80s. No doubt every song should be  appreciated and remembered as one of the best songs ever in rock history.  If you think joshua tree or achtung baby deserves five star, this album is  way beyond that. If you are first listening to u2, you can't help  loving  every track on this album. You will experience a breathless journey from  'desire' to 'all i want is you'.(and then take your breath and listen to  the hidden track.)
078321667X|5.0|&quot;this is the story of an unpredjudiced heart and how it changed out valley forever.&quot; Babe will change you forever, too! it's one of the best-written films ever made, it's the best, and ferdinand (the duck)  Rules....
B00000DGUG|4.0|Do not be scared off by those who are trashing S.F.I.J. -- it is a great CD!  No, it is not &quot;Jagged Little Pill Volume 2,&quot; and in many ways it is even better.  One thing you will find is that many of these new  songs take a few listens to catch on to.  With the exception of &quot;Thank  U&quot; there are really no songs on &quot;Junkie&quot; that instantly  strike you as being surefire Top 40 radio hits.  But hang in there! -- once  these new songs grab ahold, you will be hooked.  A good example is  &quot;Joining You&quot; which, in my opinion, is the best song on the CD.   It starts out kind of slow and &quot;dark,&quot; but the chorus is simply  addictive.  The CD is a good mix of hard, in your face rockers and slower,  more melodic and introspective songs. Highlights in the former category are  &quot;Baba,&quot; &quot;I was Hoping,&quot; and &quot;Joining You,&quot;  while some of the better melodic numbers are, &quot;Are you Still Mad,  &quot;That I Would Be,&quot; &quot;So Pure,&quot; and &quot;Unsent,&quot;  which appears to be an autobiographical account of Alanis's past  relationships.  All in all, it is a great CD.  You just have to give it a  chance.
6303481345|5.0|One of my best anime collection. Good story, good animation, great characters, I mean, what else could you ask for!!!
B000002LQR|5.0|It's silly how good this thing is. RHCP explore many new sounds and styles of music.  I picture some housewife making dinner in her kitchen and grooving to these great sounds in her underwear while the hubby's at work  and kids are at school.  She's eventually shocked at the lyrics, which are  somewhat buried and are discovered only with some extended listening. This  is simply a must have for any modern collection of rock music.  I have a  different favorite song every time I listen.
B000005H7D|5.0|This is just a tremendous album,a lifelong listening joy, without a single note wasted. Coltrane almost sounds two years ahead of himself since, (aside from possibly &quot;Soultrane&quot; on Prestige in '58) this was the  first pre-Atlantic record with the power and presence of a Giant Steps or  My Favorite Things. The all-star lineup sounds as great as they do on  paper; grooving and swinging with the coherence of a band together for a  decade, not a single session. A real treasure for a jazz fan, everything  done is done perfectly:ballads,blues,standards,up-beat jams and on-the-spot  writing and arranging. The interview and movie clips are nice, the  alternates are very nice and the sound is great. This is one of Coltrane's  best, one of the best of the '50's, one of my all-time favorites and an  acknowledged jazz classic. If this is your first exposure to Blue Trane,  you're very lucky indeed; with all the added sweetening, it's purchace  precludes hesitation or doubt.
6300181456|5.0|This musical comedy, starring a young Mary Tyler Moore and Julie Andrews takes a humorous look at styles, fads and sexual boundaries broken in the 1920's. The music is snappy, but dialogue pervades much of the piece. A  must see for a cheery flick.
0195073401|2.0|I'm the kind of guy who loves to sit down with a rigorous economics text that requires hours of study per page to even begin to grasp the concepts involved -- as long as the concepts are worth it. I have only found a few  economics texts in existence that failed to get me keyed up, and I regret  to report that this is one of them.<br />The book is HUGE. I drooled as I  brought it home from the bookstore. (This book was not required reading for  me -- my grad. class used Varian's Microeconomic Analysis, 3rd Ed. -- a  MUCH better book. I just picked it up after I had finished all my economics  coursework because it looked fun and complete.) Unfortunately, the book is  a complete bore, and the authors fail entirely -- at least in my opinion --  to convey to the reader the fascinating dynamics that make high-powered  economic theory worth studying. Far too much emphasis is placed on game  theory and far too little on the kinds of classical models contained in  Varian's text. Plus, if you don't REALLY like real analysis for its own  sake, you'll be hard pressed to make it through 70% of the text.<br />Bottom  line: Pick up Hal Varian's 3rd Ed. Microeconomic Analysis instead. It may  only be 506 pages, but its very rigorous and you'll actually recognize it  as a microeconomics text, as opposed to an extensive exercise in draining  the joy you get out of economic theory. 20 years after its first  publication, it's still a masterpiece.
630512065X|4.0|When I first heard that CATS was going to be videotaped way back in 1996, I was excited, and was constantly asking Playbill Online when the release was, and it was postponed for a YEAR!  To make a long story short, when the  October release was announced, I was certain that I was gonna buy this  tape, and I did.   <br />  I LOVED it, and opening number gave me mental  chills, and Gillian Lynne ASTOUNDING choreography (for Cats, I've never  seen it live) was simply incredible....I saw her choreography for PHANTOM,  and was impressed, but this was a totally different level! <br />  I simply  adored the casting, Elaine Paige was ideal, Sir John Mils could've been  better, but Ken Page, WOAH, talk about NO TALENT, he was sooo not in  character, and he picked up his costume like a skirt at the end of act 1,  HELLO!!!!   The ensemble was outstanding and deserves an Oscar for best  ensemble performance! The sets were beautiful, and the costumes were OK, I  didn't like Cassandra's and Rum Tum Tugger, but the majority were  wonderful!  But one aspect of the WHOLE show blew me away, the lighting,  whoever lit it, did an incredible job with changing the moods through  lighting, so KUDOS to whoever you are!  In addition, the make-up was  &quot;cute&quot; and was really well done! Overall, this video is a MUST  SEE, and I highly reccommend it!
0792153189|5.0|Although, it can be called a Sci-Fi movie, this one made me think, &quot;This could really happen&quot;  making choices between life and death.  The president, (Morgan Freeman) was forced to make choices that  affected the life of every American--Who would live and who would die.   RENT THIS MOVIE!!  Guaranteed to make you think and possibly wipe your eye.
6305177473|5.0|Lindsay Lohan does it this time! She acts superbly ib 2 roles as both Hallie and Annnie! An excellent movie which I caught at the cinema! I was so fascinated by it that I began to surf all the Lindsay Lohan sites I  could find! Take my advice:Order NOW!
0792151712|4.0|I very much enjoyed this film, the effects were amazing and film gripping but why oh why spoil it by using two F words?   The film would have been Better without this.  Film well worth watching but  it'll leave you with an  ache and a general sense of glad to be alive!
6300182770|5.0|David Cronenberg's VIDEODROME, his 6th movie, was the first of his &quot;great&quot; films. (The other two being THE DEAD ZONE and DEAD RINGERS). This is the first movie where he gave up on b-grade horror gore  and started to get under our skin by being a very smart and mature film  maker. (Not to say that his previous work wasn't smart, this was his first  &quot;thinking&quot; movie). Fans of cronenberg a must! Fans of sci-fi,  action, and drama will not be disappointed
0930289455|5.0|With the possible exception of Miller's &quot;Dark Knight Returns,&quot; this is the most brilliant superhero graphic novel ever produced.  The plot, in a way, is simple;  but it reaches fantastic depths of meaning,  &amp; is a superb study of the complex relationship between the Joker &amp;  the Batman.  &quot;The Killing Joke&quot; fleshes out &amp; ties into  various aspects of the Batman universe, past &amp; present.  The  aesthetics, storytelling technique, &amp; structure are all top-notch.  I  can not recommend this book highly enough.
6305127689|5.0|If there are men who haven't memorized 50 lines from this movie, I have yet to meet them.  This &quot;ultimate guy movie&quot; has been seen more times by males 25-35 than any other.  Why? Dogfighting, ego-boasting, and  great lines.  Also, we've been able to convince our significant others to  watch it again and again since they can partake in the gratuitous  volleyball &amp; lockerroom scenes (plus they get to googoo over Tom  Cruise). No Oscar performances (Berlin won one though...whatever) but the  F-14s and the verbal slams steal the day.  Plus, for many of us, this was  our introduction to Meg Ryan...Need I say more.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I was really impressed with this album especially the duet with Moriah Carey. But anything she touches is perfect. BUY the album and enter another jam session with this soulful lady. Long overdue.
B0000024UO|5.0|While &quot;Progressive Blues Experiment,&quot; &quot;Nothin But...&quot; and &quot;Let me In&quot; are all excellent blues CDs, his first for Columbia is the best.  With an allstar band including Willie Dixon -b, and  Walter Horton -hca, and brother Edgar -p, Johnny lays down some serious  real blues on this one.  &quot;Dallas&quot; is the very best I have heard  in the Robert Johnson vein.  &quot;Be Careful With A Fool&quot; is amazing  and &quot;I'll Drown In My Tears&quot; gets at least five repeat plays  every time I put it on. If there is a list of essential blues albums, this  one most definately must be on it.
B000002URV|5.0|Brings me back to the important things in life and the appriciation of &quot;being&quot;.
B000000WI6|4.0|This is Johnny's best CD since &quot;Guitar Slinger&quot; in the mid eighties.  Forget Jonny Lang, Johnny Winter plays blues the way blues was ment to be played.
6302794331|5.0|Well, this is one of the very few movies that has had this 24-year old crying his heart out, not just once, but everytime I re-watch it! <br />Particulary the &quot;Love is gone&quot;-song, where the young Scrooge  chooses a career in business before love, and the incredibly moving speech  by Kermit in the christmas-yet to come-scene: &quot;It's alright, children.  Life is made up of meetings and partings. I'm sure we'll always remember  Tiny Tim as the first parting that was among us.&quot;<br />I also felt that  this movie really gives alot of insight into the character of Scrooge, and  why he's become the way he is, like in the first of several masterful Paul  Williams-songs:  &quot;There's nothing in life that freezes your heart like  being alone...He's really a wictim of fear and of pride, look close and  there must be a sweet man inside.&quot;<br />And the scene with Scrooge as a  child, all alone in the schoolroom on Christmas Eve really gets to me, with  the now grownup Scrooge commenting on his lonely childhood: &quot;I was  often alone as a child. The christmas holiday was just a time to get some  extra work done&quot;.<br />Of course, this movie isn't just sadness and  melancholy, but I felt it's important to mention this as you might not  expect that from a muppet movie. It's alot of fun as well, of course,  particulary with Uncle Sam as the Headmaster: &quot;You'll love business,  IT IS THE AMERICAN WAY...oh, sorry, IT IS THE BRITISH WAY!&quot;<br />And  Gonzo/Charles Dickens and Rizzo the Rat make a terrific story-telling  couple, providing comic relief and downright slap-stick humour, and some  very insightful comments on the nature of story-telling in general, and  their source material in particular:<br />&quot;Gee, this is scary stuff,  should we be worried about the kids in the audience?&quot; &quot;No, this  is culture!&quot;<br />&quot;Great story, Mr.Dickens!&quot; &quot;Thank you.  if you liked this, you should read the book!&quot;
B00000DLV1|5.0|A MUST FOR ALL &quot;P&quot; FANS!!!  A someone who has seen this band live more than once, I highly recommend this recording.  Their live performances always surpass their studio efforts, and this album is no  exception!  The PNYC version of &quot;Sour Times&quot; is one of the best I  have heard, Beth Gibbons' vocals on this one blow me away!   &quot;Over&quot; and &quot;Roads&quot; are tracks to check out as well.  I  conclusion, if you love this band, as I do, YOU NEED THIS ALBUMN!  The  Portishead experience is best savored LIVE!!!
0790729628|5.0|I have mixed feelings about the narration. It adds to the movie in some places and detracts in others. The &quot;little people&quot; comment by Walsh was much more sinister without the dissertation/interpretation of the  narrator. Still, it sorta feels right to have it there, to complete the  noirish aspects of it. Maybe it's better this way, to have the movie sans  narration before us, hanging together better cinematically, while still  having the narration playing silently in our memories.
B000006OAM|4.0|I bought this on the strength of 10K Maniacs Unplugged and though it was way way over-produced.<br />But now, a couple of months on, I love it.
B00000DFRS|4.0|Ballad songs produced by David Foster and Babyface are easy listening as always but the high light  are songs produced by younger producer ( Wyclef , Missy Elliot,Rodney Jerkin and Lauren Hill).Her voice is still great and  this album clearly prove that she is better than Mariah. However,she still  have no ability to write her own songs.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Americana is a good album. I'm not gonna say its their best, but it is extreamly better than &quot;Ixnay on the Hombre&quot;. <br /> Americana is intrumentally feels new and old. You can definetly hear the old Offspring  in a lot of the guitar, and new styles are also very apparent. I love  Pretty Fly, Why Don't You Get a Job, and Staring at the Sun.<br />  So if your  looking for a mix of Offspring's old and new styles; this is a great album.
0780020685|5.0|The title has been broadcasted on TV several times in Japan with scratchy pictures and unclear lines. However, this refined piece is something different. The smooth original like pictures and clarer lines made me find  its true excitement.
B000002JK2|5.0|There is likely a touch of bias here, as I've long loved Rough Mix since I first heard it in my college dorm room back in '83.  Nonetheless, the contrast in styles between Pete Townshend and the late Ronnie Lane work  beautifully, particularly when the duo cross-pollenate like the addictive  &quot;Heart To Hang Onto.&quot;<br />One reason you should own Rough Mix alone  is summed up in four words:  &quot;Street In The City.&quot; Without  question, song for song, this is truly one of Pete's finest moments.   Combined an impassioned vocal, relentless fingerpicking and the orchestra  strings, and you are taken on a journey to downtown London and witness a  window-worker who loses balance and falls. This description does no justice  to the  song, but for anyone who appreciates the pure joy of music, you  haven't lived life until you have experienced &quot;Street In The  City&quot;.<br />Street aside, every song has plenty to offer. You want  rockers? There is Pete's driving &quot;My Baby Gives It Away&quot;,  augmented by the  unmistakenable drumming of Charlie Watts. There's  Ronnie's playful, horn-laden &quot;Catmelody&quot;. Not to mention the  instrumental title track, led by Clapton's electric leads and John  &quot;Rabbit&quot; Bundrick's organ.<br />Rough Mix is marked, though, by its  softer, simpler sides.  Ronnie contributes two gorgeous ballads:  the  inflective &quot;April Fool&quot; and  the timeless &quot;Annie&quot; with  its final verse &quot;Hear the children, they call, Annie/Every leaf must  fall, Annie/God bless us all, Annie/ Wherever we'll be.&quot;  Pete also  contributes the coying &quot;Misunderstood&quot;.<br />The album is capped by  its only cover, a  graceful reading of Hank Williams' &quot;'Til The Rivers  All Run Dry&quot;, touched by sincere harmony vocals, Eric Clapton's dobro  and Pete's acoustic.  <br />The only shame about this album is the fact that  there wasn't a follow-up.  Nevertheless, Rough Mix is such that it deserves  a homein every music lover's collection.
B00000F1D3|4.0|This cd did come as a suprise to this long time Cher fan.  I will say upfront that I am a fan who buys regardless.  I absolutly love &quot;Believe&quot;.  Hopefully we'll get a remix and not have to wait for  the import.  Todd Terry does a killer remix of &quot;We all sleep  alone&quot;.  One thing can be said for Cher (that does not always apply to  other female vocalist out there today), when she opens her mouth to sing  you KNOW it is Cher.
B00000DFRS|5.0|Her voice is still great. This album has more variety than her previous album. All great songs produced by blockbluster producers such as Babyface,David Fostor,Wyclef Jean,Missy Elliot and Rodny Jerkins(the boy is  mine).Although this album has less sappy ballads,it obviously show her  talent as one of the best R&amp;B singer of the decade.
B000002A3T|5.0|Although many will undoubtebly disagree, this IS handsdown the BEST Floyd album apart from Dark Side of the Moon. David Gilmour and co. turn out songs that are more than rock tunes, but spectacles in themselves, proving  that they were more than Roger Waters. Back in full music making form, this  album shines through like yet another crazy diamond. Free of  Waters'  egotistical concepts of brick walls and insanity, the band furiously  grooves through new classics like &quot;Keep Talking&quot;, the album's  breakneck guitar-talkbox waver, &quot;Coming Back to Life&quot;, the  Gilmour anthem that brings tears to the eyes, &quot;High Hopes&quot;, an  amazing pagent that gives the listener a weak feeling in the knees, and  Wright's brilliant &quot;Wearing the inside out&quot; arguably the album's  best track.While so called Floyd fans gripe about this record not having  the rants and annoying stutters of Roger Waters works, the true fans will  recognize this as the incredible piece it is.
0800141326|5.0|Godzilla is one of the coolest movies I have ever seen! I loved it. If you are buying for kids or for yourself as a godzilla fan, either one is great. BUY THIS MOVIE!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This C.D. is a great up beat kind of music
0800199421|1.0|There aren't very many movies I outright loathe. There were so many times during this movie that my jaw just dropped at the stupidity of it that I wonder whether I might have missed the point - is this some Strangelovesque  ironic masterpiece, and am I the dumb literal sucker? But of course that's  not true (the first part, at least).<br />The typical argument in defense of a  film like this is, &quot;Of course it's stupid. It's an action movie.&quot;  Yes: even the good action movies tend to be stupid. This one, though, is  stupid but has nothing to recommend it. The patriotism is simplistic,  insipid, and insulting. The plot is trash, the characters trash, the action  trash. The movie doesn't even make sense within its own reality -  suspension of disbelief fails you.<br />What an awful, awful film. This is the  kind of movie that makes me look suspiciously at anyone who thought it was  good. I wish there were a no-star option.
B00000DFRS|4.0|she has taken chances that proved to work.maybe dating bobby has made here unafraid.it works/and im not a major whitney fan
0393312836|5.0|A Clockwork Orange is by far the best book I have ever read.  The way Anthony Burgess blends words is pure genius.  However, I have to agree with his publisher that the last chapter should have been left buried.
B000006GDB|4.0|This version, though uncut, is a pan-and-scan edition of a 1.85:1 hard matte master.  Still, the print and sound are very good.
6304362498|5.0|This movie, a favorite of mine, is one of the best film adaptations of a novel I've ever seen. While a film of roughly two hours can only hope to scratch the surface of a novel as complex as \\"1984\\", this movie  provides a good distillation of the book. It's all here, from the book's  oppressive atmosphere of hopelessness and paranoia, to its timeless theme  of the individual against the system. 1984 is a visually stunning movie you  won't want to miss, particularly if you liked the book. (WARNING: Several  people I know who hadn't read the book prior to seeing the movie found it  confusing and boring, so if you haven't read the book yet, you may want to  put off watching the movie until you've done so.)    The acting is first  rate. John Hurt does an excellent job as the protagonist, Winston Smith  (?), who wages a futile yet heroic battle against Big Brother. And Richard  Burton is masterful as the cold, sadistic party leader who interrogates and  eventually breaks Winston.  (Incidentally, this was Richard Burton's last  film role, and the movie is dedicated to his memory.)    The music, composed  in part by the Eurythmics (get the soundtrack; it's some of their best  work), is haunting, and stays with you long after viewing the movie  (Juuulllliiiiiaaaaa.....).    One interesting note: the movie was filmed in  the year 1984, in and around London, the exact time period and setting of  the novel.    Don't miss this movie. It's a modern classic!    Note: This is a review of the VHS version of 1984, NOT the DVD version.
6305169187|2.0|Derivative, offensive, and shoddily put together, &quot;ARMAGEDDON&quot; is a testimony to what a...director can do when given enough money. Only saving grace is an occasional good moment of acting from some of the  supporting cast.
0553347845|5.0|Dr. Feynman, by allowing us to see some very personal moments during his amazing life gives the reader a personal connection to one of history's greatest men.  From his work on the Manhattan Project to the Shuttle  Challenger disaster, Feynman's wit and sense of humor (as well as his bold  style) gave personality to complex scientific problems.    This book is a  definite must read for any Feynman fan as well as any physicist in need of  some perspective.  Feynman was the embodiment of Einstein's notion, that  you can't understand physics unless you can explain it to a barmaid.   Feynman could (and often did), and his style of writing brings his deep  understanding of all things, complex or simple to light.
0790705141|5.0|Heeerrrssss johny the most terrifying words that an insane man could say and remains as an trade mark of the movie forever and that is a spoky movie.Its about a writer(jack nicholsen),a mother(shely duvall) and a young  boy who go to the hotel the Overlook and stay as winter caretakers for the  manager as the months go by they get snow bound there the writer goes nuts  and a chillin ending that will leave chivers down your spine.
1560689986|3.0|The problem with this film is that it is a roller coaster ride of hysterically funny moments surrounded by a whole lot of non-funny moments.  Instead of showing the whole film to my friends, I often fast-forward the  film to the stoning scene, and every scene featuring Michael Palin as a  stuttering Pontious Pilate, &quot;Releath Thimon the Thagetariouth  Thlayer!&quot;
6303149200|4.0|Ever wonder what the world would look like if the Old Religion and its philosophy saturated modern culture?  The Wicker Man is the Pagan &quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show.&quot;  Edward Woodward is wonderful as the  up-tight bullying &quot;Christian copper&quot; and Christopher Lee (yes, of  Hammer Dracula fame) gives us an educated, sophisticated (and manipulative)  Pagan lord of the people.  However, I was disappointed in the ending --  just what is the &quot;right kind of sacrifice?&quot;
0792151712|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Titanic.  The detail Cameron  put into this movie is fantastic.  I saw it 11 times at the theaters, and now with it on video, have watched it 4 times.  Jack and Rose had a love, although short-lived,  that was deep and way time.
0805017445|5.0|This is a must have for every child under 7! I'm a first grade teacher and my student could all &quot;read&quot; this book in their first week of school. Tip for parents: Have your child point to each word and  &quot;read&quot; with you!
B000002BUY|3.0|That's right mix an Alternative voice, some Metallic grooves, Techno, and as I just found out some Jazziness.  I haven't heard mush but from what I heard it is an alright Alternative Techno-Metal!!  I believe that these  guys actually go back into the late eighties as I noticed they were  aclaimed on a t-shirt worn by a member of Obituary !<br />They might be really  coming into the light because they are on tour with Pantera and Black  Sabbath !!
0679746048|4.0|I usually don't read fiction but Columbia pictures is in our town to make this book into a movie starring Winona Rider so I decided to read it. I volunteered to help them find some locations for the film and thought I'd  have a better idea of what they might be looking for if I read the book. It  will be interesting to see how the movie will expand on the author's  narrative. Some of the author's description of her mental processes hit  home. Several times I found myself thinking &quot;I thought about  that&quot; or &quot;I reacted that way at one time or another&quot;. My  nineteen year old daughter read this book while in Middle School on the  recommendation of a friend of her's who was/is anorexic. It is frightening  to think that many of our young people might possibilty find understanding  in the author's experience. But then there is hope. I highly recommend this  book to parents of teenagers especially. It is fairly easy reading.  I  couldn't put it down.
6305169187|5.0|This movie was all that and then some. It dragged every possible emotion from your inner body to bring this movie to an explosive end. Recommended for anyone over 14 -- just AWESOME!
B000001F3C|5.0|This is the best U2 album ever. I still have my original vinyl LP and take it out for those special moments.
0783223218|1.0|This was a terrible film. It doesn't even deserve a review. You would have to be out of your mind to BUY it.
B000002C4O|5.0|Her songs have a mixture of sounds, and are beautiful to listen to, especially on a rainy day in front of the fireplace.  It's very relaxing, and I would recommend this to all of her fans!
B0000074BS|5.0|This album is often overlooked by the general population, but anyone I've ever encountered that heard this album has been blown away by it.   From the opening track, you're instantly intrigued by the unique use of  instruments, soothing rhythms and alluring melodies.  The lead singer of  this outfit has a sound all his own, and it grabs you.  His emotion burns  through in his falsetto-esque tones, rising over solid, sultry beats.  The  general public usually recognizes track 3, &quot;Life's What You Make  It&quot;.  It's catchy piano-ish bass line is easy to remember, and it was  once used in one of those early 90's Michelob commercials.  EVERYONE should  have this album.  It transcends genres and styles.  It is clearly an album  ahead of it's time.
0767817478|3.0|This movie had great potential.  Matthew Broderick is great as always - too bad the rest of the cast couldn't act.  Special effects made this movie good, but all the Hollywood-hype can't make a movie great.  The film  drifted too far from the original storyline, and Godzilla fans will  probably be disappointed.  I recommend this movie as a &quot;must-see&quot;  if there is nothing else to rent.  Not a &quot;buy-er&quot;.
B0000004V2|5.0|there is so much more to say about this album that has been said here...but it can't be put into words!  John Squires anthemic, yet angelically subtle guitar work and lyrics changed my life.  honestly, and  truly, one of the single most breath-taking works I have ever experienced.  if you have read this far, and do not own this album, you will not regret  buying it.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Definitely a great buy!  A good album and all the &quot;CD Extra&quot; stuff.  You get your money's worth with this one.  Larry Bud Melman makes a return and a mariachi band sneaks its track in on the end.  There's also  music to help you with you personal life, such as the advice of &quot;Why  Don't You Get a Job?&quot; to those who are tired of supporting their own  personal parasite, and for the criminally inclined, we have &quot;Walla  Walla&quot;.   The cool jacket art is a cross between Anime and Dick Tracy  comics.  As usual, there's always some &quot;Assorted Quips&quot; between  tracks and at the end, so let it play out.  You just can't trust these  guys, but I guess that's the message.
B00000DLUV|5.0|This LIVE! HDCD album from the Bee Gees is excellent! A classic hits like MASSACHUSETTS, WORDS, TO LOVE SOMEBODY, STAYIN' ALIVE and their other 20 hit songs, performed just  like their original recordings 30 years ago! No  degradation with  their ages here! Beautiful songs, romantic  lyrics,  excellent voices and harmonies! Full spectrum on the synthesized orchestral  accompaniment! Excellent!! In my opinion only three pop bands that really  are true legendary, they are the Beatles, the Rolling Stones and the Bee  Gees, considering their many #1 hits, their worldwide popularity and their  presence for more than 40 years in pop music!  A must have collector CD  from a true legend in pop music! Try this CD! You'll love it! ***** RATING!  For video fan, check out the BEE GEES LIVE! ONE FOR ALL TOUR video  available on DVD, LASER DISCS  and VHS HiFi.  Also ***** RATING!
0792151712|5.0|This is one of the most visibly appealing movies ever made.  From the opening scene on, one could feel that one was watching something extraordinary.  The music is both simple and incredibly effective.  The  story was emotional and the Older Rose is one of the most effective  actresses I have ever seen.  The range of emotions experienced during the  course of this very short three hours is unlike any movie I have seen.
6300215512|5.0|Norma Desmond (Gloria Swanson) is one of the most intriguing, well described and complete characters in film history. Yes she's nuts. But you understand and feel comppassion for her. One of the rare classic movies  that can pull a sensible trigger in young viewers. You have to see it to  believe it.
B00000DGUG|4.0|She's got a great voice and I'm glad to here it again. I was so use to Jagged Little Pill that it would be unfair to compare it.
B000002WPI|5.0|The WU-TANG has some of the best beats and the best rymes anywhere. If you like hip-hop this is it.
B000002A3T|5.0|When you listen to this CD, you always need to listen to it twice
0385484518|5.0|I absolutely could not put this book down.  It's a quick read, mostly because of the relationship between the author and Morrie.  It gives a disturbing look at what it is like to have ALS but also how someone can  triumph over it.  The life lessons taught to the author are good ones for  all of us
B000002546|5.0|Maybe the best of Beck, this is a classic of Jazz-Rock
0792151712|1.0|Why was Titanic so popular?  One word:  disaster. Sure, the special effects were well done, but the plot was lame, the acting mediocre, and the theme song makes me want to slit my wrists.<br />Titanic was popular because  everybody wants to see the big, realistic disaster.  We are fascinated by  death and this movie is a very realistic portrayal of death on a  catastrophic scale.<br />And if you still think Titanic really beat Star Wars  in ticket sales, think again; A movie ticket was under $5 in when Star Wars  came out.  Titanic may have grossed more money, but it still didn't sell as  many tickets.<br />Spend your three hours watching a different movie or  reading a book.
B0000062GK|5.0|Each new work of Satriani is better then the previously released, bass and drums are also fine, check it!
0800141326|1.0|This movie was one of the biggest disappointments of the year. The plot is horrible.  The story too long.  And it has the typical Hollywood attempt to try and tie up every loose end, even if it means forcing the audience to  sit through an unnecessary hour of bad filmmaking.<br />Although the special  effects in the beginning are good, they cannot compensate for the  rediculous shortcomings.<br />I walked out of the theatre before even seeing  the ending, which I heard later was just as bad as I suspected.<br />Save  yourself the $20 and get a different movie.
B00000DGUG|3.0|I absolutely loved her first album and expected to do so for Supposed Former but it didn't happen that way.  It had some good songs on it like Thank U and Are you still mad but it wasn't a good combination as Jagged.   But however I guess it was worth my money.
B00000DGUG|2.0|I waited with great anticipation for Alanis Morissette's next CD. Her music is unlike anything else I've heard before. I was not prepared for this collection of bland drivel. I had hoped to be able to hear a sample of  some other songs besides the single, &quot;Thank U&quot;, but none were  available on RealAudio. I think I know why.
B00000F1D3|4.0|I recently discovered Cher through a friend (while painting of all things). This album is amazing. It is literally 10 tracks of gay dance goodness! She has reinvented herself with this peppy new upbeat album. Buy  it!
630450053X|5.0|stay tuned<br /><br />brb<br /><br />soon<br /><br />>:-)
0688158234|5.0|What admiration I have for Waris.  What strength, determination, self-confidence and worth to endure so much, to be so alone, and to continue strieving for the better live.  How dreams do come true.  I say,  as I have for many years, the importance of educating our 5th &amp; 6th  graders, by allowing them at such a young age to travel to third world  countries and see how others live.  Only then, will our children appreciate  the free opportunities that the United States and other countries offer.   Children, need to know, that it only requires a little work, patience and  determination to see their goal.  I personally am ready to volunteer and do  whatever it takes, to educate the women of so many countries, that female  gential circumcision is self-rewarding to men, and deadly to women; whether  through death, health problems or self estreem. Waris, keep up the good  work.
B00000DGUG|5.0|This album is as good as Little Jagged Pill. Go ahead and buy it and be sure not to miss it. Everything is excellent. Lyrics,music,singing. Simply 2 T-H-U-M-B-S UP!
B000002GJH|5.0|This is one CD that you'll go back to time and again.  As long as you are a fan of rock music, you'll always appreciate this album.  Great vocals by two great vocalists:  Eddie Vedder and Chris Cornell...Great guitar solos  by Mike McCready...<br />Albums like this don't come often.  There is too much  talent here to pass up.  Listen to &quot;Reach Down&quot;--you'll agree.
B0000026NC|5.0|there have been many nights when i put the headphones on, put in the laserdisc, turned off all the lights leaving only the television on, and completely transported myself back to the night i saw pink floyd live.  i  have seen lots of great concerts, but none delivered the total package like  this one.
B000002AOD|5.0|Michel Camilo is the quintessential mix of chops, touch, rhythm, and expression.  Nowhere is that displayed more than on this album.  One More Once is easily my most listened to cd.  Pure excitement from every area of  the band.  It doesn't get any tighter than this.  A must have for anyone  who loves great music.
B000000I0Q|4.0|If you are a fan of Genesis circa &quot;Wind and Wuthering&quot; and &quot;Trick of the Tail&quot; you will find yourself right at home with this CD.  This really could be called the lost Genesis album.  The superb  Mellotron work makes this album an essential for fans of 70s Progressive  Rock.
B00000DGUG|4.0|..but then I listened to the tail end of this album.  So Pure, Joining You, Heart of the House, Your Congratulations.  And I was hooked.  If you like Kate Bush, Tori Amos, Bjork, Ani DiFranco, give this album a listen.   You will be surprised.  It's much more inspired than I expected.
B00000AFWW|4.0|I used to dislike Courtney Love (what kind of a woman names her band &quot;Hole,&quot; anyway?), but how she has taken the annoying, abrasive edge off of Hole's sound and turned it into respectable-though-still-hard  pop-rock is a much welcomed (and fully enjoyable) change for the better.  How could I've known that such a good artist was hiding beneath all that  torn clothing these past few years?
B0000028RR|5.0|anyone that doesn't like rage should be locked in a room with a copy of this cd and one cd player for one hour.  after that hour, if they still don't like them, there is something seriously wrong with this person.   their music is infectious, with a bite to it that is hard to match in  today's music world.  i am proud to be a devoted rage fan, and know that no  matter what anyone says, rage is one of the best bands ever in recording  history.
0767817478|1.0|Devlin and Emmerich had some nerve to complain of bad acting in Japanese Godzilla films.  This so-called Godzilla flick has the most corny, overplayed, overall worst acting I have seen this year!  Even B-Movie's can  manage better than what's presented here.  <br />Reno manages a great  preformance (with the crappy role that he's presented) but can't save the  movie.  The plot.  What plot?  Giant lizard attacks New York, that's about  it.  And Godzilla itself...
B000003S0P|4.0|&quot;Red.&quot; Yes, very much so - KC's follow-up to the wonderful &quot;Larks' Tongues in Aspic&quot; has the VU-meters pushing towards the distortion zone almost constantly. Because of this singular heavy-handed  approach, the album lacks the readily admired dexterity of  &quot;Larks'&quot;; on the other hand, the power play works and the overall  - slightly disturbing - effect cannot seriously be disputed. This is not -  quite - KC's best; it is a little too one-sided for that. The album does,  however, in general contain fine material. Furthermore, there is one  longish track (&quot;Starless&quot;) which should be considered a classic  and which belongs, along with tracks such as &quot;Larks' Tongues in Aspic  Part One&quot;, &quot;Bolero - The Peacock's Tale&quot;, and  &quot;Islands&quot; (the latter two from the much undervalued albums  &quot;Lizard&quot; and &quot;Islands respectively) to the greatest examples  of what modern 'rock' music can achieve. KC vanished for a considerable  while after releasing this recording. In some ways, it is a fitting  temporary farewell, combining the basic 'rock' nucleus of  &quot;Larks'&quot; with, at times (&quot;Starless&quot;), some of the the  epic style of &quot;In the Court of the Crimson King&quot;.
0688158129|5.0|I don't usually write reviews but her writing just keep me spellbound.  The dialogue and the character interaction was great.  This is a love story that you will never forget. The story has family problems and the crisis  that everyone can relate to.  This is a must read.
B000002HMH|4.0|Metallica seems to have gone a different direction, and although this album doesn't compare with The Black Album or Justice is still good in its own right. The lyrics are more personal, and meaningful, while the music  lacks a bit of the usual fire/passion.<br />Nevertheless, The Outlaw Torn is a  classic. So is Until It Sleeps, and possibly Bleeding Me. If you're  wondering whether to buy this or RELOAD, don't think twice: Get it. It's  the last decent album Metallica is going to put. Seems like it...
B0000029GA|5.0|This is the best record hip-hop has ever seen. The production is second to none thanks to an all-star team of producers. Check DJ Premier on &quot;Represent&quot;. The lyrics are sure genius. It's almost 1999 and I  still give it heavy rotation.
B000002HRE|1.0|Metallica, or shall we say Bon Jovi, has betrayed a whole generation of metalliheads, by putting out a crappy album like RELOAD. It lacks passion, power, and it sounds like Rolling Stones... The biggest insult was when I  heard &quot;Attitude&quot;, a disgusting song, that shows how low the band,  that was all about attitude, has fallen. This is the the album that someone is going to have on his cd rack together with  Green Day, Bush and Fiona Apple.<br />METALLICA SHOULD QUIT NOW.
0553378384|5.0|The nodes have always been a mysterious part of astrology and this book helps us to understand their meaning. Karmic astrology is fascinating to all of us and needs to be fully explored. I would also recommend Karma and  Your Sun Sign by Joan Kilgen. Both these books together help us unravel the  mystery of our karma.
B0000017CA|5.0|Acid Bath was one of the biggest surprises I have heard in a long time.  From the opening until the very last song this album reaches into the very soul of heavy metal. it just seems to dance on the graves of other artists.   I liked the entire album but a few of the songs really stood out ot me.   My favorite would probably have to be, Jezebel. Just because of the heavy  riffs at the front and the melodic rampaging in the middle.
0060977493|3.0|There is not that much to say about the 1997 Booker Prize, after all. What MUST be said, though, is that Roy is a talented writer, who is inspired and influenced both by Nabokov and by Rushdie.<br />The problem is that she does  not explore the realms of fancy as strikingly as Rushdie, and that  Nabokov's highly baroque criss-crossing of patterns and his love for arty  language games are sometimes vividly present in THE GOD OF SMALL THINGS,  but rarely emulated or equalled.<br />As a result, the novel is packed with  witticisms and literary feats that are not always meaningful. Of course,  the way Roy treats fictional characters and fictional language is  encouraging (this is only her first novel), and some chapters are full of  mastery, with a good amount either of well-tempered tenderness or of  battered bitterness, put it the way you want...<br />I think there are  interesting symbols and metaphors, and this is a true novelist with actual  (though unevenly used) talents. This is perhaps not the contemporary Indian  writer I would have chosen had I been a member of the Booker Prize jury in  1997...!<br />Guillaume Cingal
6303165680|5.0|This movie has become one of my favorites to watch on rainy evenings or whenever I need to revisit the fun, spirited relationships between the characters. Although the romance between Hugh Grant and Andie McDowell may  have been the movie's chief drawing point, it isn't the reason this movie  remains permanantly on top of my VCR waiting to be watched again. It is the  funny, touching and true relationship between Hugh Grant and his university  friends, now adults, as they rely more on each other than on their hapless  romantic liasons. It is from these relationships that most of the movie's  humor derives, and these relationships give the movie its fresh, hopeful  and fun tone.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Well, to say the truth, I had no idea about what Alanis Morissette could do about her new album, since she seemed to have changed her sound since &quot;City of Angels&quot; soundtrack... But this is an EXPLOSING album!!!  Alanis is better than ever! Her musics now tell us not about old boyfriends  and angries, but about life, new love(r)s and everything else. &quot;Thank  U&quot;, for example. &quot;A slow bad ballad&quot;, as some are saying?  NO! What do you think she meant by verses such as &quot;Thank U India/Thank  U terror&quot;? Did she lose her worries about world, politicians, wills  and needs? No, just changed her way of telling us (and making us realize)  about it. Alanis is as much good as she could be in this album. Some people  are saying that the album is bad just due to the fact that it is different  of &quot;Jagged...&quot; So an artist must be exactly the same the whole  life? Can't change? Can't evolute? Alanis has grown up. And so has done her  music. May she gets as much better as she can.
B000002TQB|5.0|From the punk classics, &quot;Jubilee&quot; and &quot;Bank Holiday&quot;, to the almost painfully beautiful &quot;This is a Low&quot;, this album has something for everyone.  I imagine that for most americans, it's simply too  british a sound (so I advise you to go for &quot;Blur&quot;), but for  everyone else, a must for your collection, even before &quot;Sgt  Pepper&quot;.
0393964582|4.0|This novel is a true example of the talent and genius of Mary Shelley. The novel illuminates a lot of Shelley's own personal fears, dreams and ideas concerning motherhood, love and failure.  No, this book is not like the  thrillers we see produced in Hollywood - but it IS an excellent  representation of what real literature should be!!!
0312853254|4.0|Card's ability to show us who his characters are in a few pages of text is astonishing.  We intimately know his principles as soon as they are introduced so we care about what happens to them.  I personally wished many  times while reading this book that there was such a person as the speaker  for the dead.  Someone who would tell the truth no matter how it hurt in  order to create greater understanding. However, in Card's world Ender knows  that his speaches will heal and they do, in the real world the reaction to  the truth would be unknown and most likely would have hurt those who hide  what needs to be hidden.
B000003NA4|5.0|Diana Krall is a young Weslia Whitfield.  And that, my fellow music lovers, is about as good as one can get!<br />I've had this CD for almost a year now and have not tired of it yet.  &quot;Peel Me a Grape&quot; is one  of my faves, as is &quot;The Gentle Rain.&quot;<br />Krall has a wonderful  future and I look forward to more of her work.
0783229526|4.0|Fans of Hunter S Thompsons works will really enjoy this DVD.  Director Terry Gilliam does a great job of bringing the now cult novel 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas' to the screen.  Gilliam vividly depicts Vegas  through the eyes of our heroes Raul Duke and Dr Gonzo.  <br />Not a movie for  the whole family,  not a movie  for everybody,  but if you appreciate  Thompson, you will like it!<br />The DVD includes some nice extras:  making of  featurette, trailer, and deleted scenes 8-).<br />Peace &amp; Fun,   Mashke
0767817478|2.0|The movie Godzilla will blow you away with the special effects.  On DVD with a good sound system, you'll be mesmerized. Godzilla running through New York City being chased by helicopters and tanks is just amazming.  Unfortunately, they were not able to dip into the $100 million dollar  budget and find a couple of good writers.  The writing for the old Godzilla  movies made more sense and they were in Japanese subtitles.  (The Siskel  and Ebert jab probably killed their chances of making this movie into a  potential classic.)  Breathtaking special effects..  but I could have  pulled out a couple of kids from kindegarten to do better writing.
B00000DFRS|4.0|Whitney Houston has just given us some more incredible music.  In fact, there are songs on this album that are arguably some of the best she has come out with to date.  Her singing is just as good as ever.  There's a  nice balance between belting it out (which is great) and singing subtely.   The duet with Mariah Carey is disappointing.  I like the song, but I'm not  crazy about it.  The song could have been produced better.  It also could  have been sung better (at least on Mariah's part).  The title song is a  definite highlight.  It's one of the best things Whitney has ever done.  I  think any fan of Whitney's, or R&amp;B in general needs to check this out.
B000002G8N|5.0|Se trata de uno de los mejores trabajos del autor. Es una transicion entre los primeros trabajos de Eric y sus ultimas producciones. Recomiendo escuchar especialmente el tema que da origen al nombre del CD &quot;Another  Ticket&quot;. Ivan.
B00000BKE0|4.0|No Prayer is a strong album from the masters of metal. While it isn't up there with Iron Maiden classics like Powerslave or Number of the Beast, it still rocks hard. The addition of Janick Gers is a good one; he adds a  solid crunch. &quot;Mother Russia&quot; and &quot;Holy Smoke&quot; are the  two best songs on the album. The only weak song is &quot;The Assassin&quot;  and even that isn't that bad. I really dig the lyrics for &quot;Holy  Smoke.&quot; Maiden recorded this album to show their fans that they hadn't  gone wimpy after Seventh Son of a Seventh Son- a good album, but light. No  Prayer For the Dying is not the first Maiden album that one should get, but  one should certainly get it at some point- it's consistently strong.
0783227434|5.0|Army of Darkness is a fast moving, vibrant ride for fans of this genre. It picks up where Evil Dead 2 leaves off.(For those who didn't know it is a sequel). Ash, our hero, has been transported back in time to the 1300's  where he must not only find a way home but battle an army of the dead.  Great action scenes(only Raimi can give us those quirky camera moves),one  liners and a good plot keeps Army of Darkness kicking the whole time. My  ONLY disappontment was that the DVD does not contain the original ending!  Hopefully a special edition is made to compensate for this. After all, If  the fourth movie picks up from the original, alot of fans will confused.
B00000BKDW|5.0|Powerslave along with Piece of Mind, Somewhere in Time, and Seventh Son of A Seventh Son is some of my favorite music (of any kind) of all time. The more recent albums are good also, but my expectations were too high and I  was slightly disappointed.
B0000025IE|5.0|Judas Priest is a band that changes it's style from album to album... This one is the simpliest they ever made... Simple songs... But great riffs, great solos, and great vocals! Not one of my fave Priest albums, but  certainly great.
B00000BKE1|5.0|This album does everything that Maiden does right with a few extras, too. It is heavy, yet melodic. Oddly enough, some of the songs (such as The Apparition, Fear is the Key, and Wasting Love) have relevant lyrics. There  are some excellent straight out rockers, like Be Quick or Be Dead and From  Here to Eternity. Afraid to Shoot Strangers is excellent in both the hard,  medium, and soft parts. Finally, Fear of the Dark is a true classic and a  powerhouse besisdes. Bruce puts out a great effort in his last album with  the band. IT ROCKS!
B000002C4J|4.0|&quot;To Love You More&quot; was absolutely fabulous!  I loved it from begining to end.  I think all young singers should listen to it.  (Unless you want to be an opra singer)
0451191153|5.0|I just finished this book after reading it for the purpose of a contest.  The first two sentences were enough to capture me: &quot;Howard Roark laughed.  He stood naked at the edge of a cliff.&quot;  This book is good  for both shallow and philosophical thinkers.  The contiuous struggle and  dissection of human thought and action were depicted wonderfully.  After  finishing the book, I was left with the feeling my best-friend had moved.   I missed the characters extremely, so I started it over.  Today I bought  &quot;We the Living&quot;, the first book written by Ayn Rand.  I urge  humans of every age to read this, especially independent thinkers.
B0000027F3|5.0|The heaviest work from Judas Priest in the Halford era... Brilliant, BRILLIANT guitar work here! Mr. Glenn Tipton is a guitar genious, and K.K. Downing is just as good... The best Priest record since Screaming for  Vengeance... Priest at it's best!!! One fo the best heavy metal albums of  all times... You fans of brutal stuff like Pantera, Slayer will like it...  You fans of melodic metal like Maiden will love it!!!!!!! PAINKILLER!
B000006NPY|3.0|The fact that this is a Smashing Pumpkins album automatically starts it out with five stars. But, not having Jimmy Chamberlin eliminates one star. Also, too many synthisizers+ too few gutiar overdubs (like their earlier  stuff) eliminates another star. But, the songwriting is strong and it is  pleasant (though not rocking) to listen to. This is a good album to buy if  you are already a Pumpkins fan- a first-timer should get Siamese Dream. I'd  describe myself as a hard rock/metal fan, so this review reflects my  outlook. However, fans of the Pumpkins heavy stuff should not think that  the lightweight materiel on Adore is their new direction. Billy Corgan said  in an interview that he still loves to rock out- apparently hard rocking  anthems like &quot;Zero,&quot; &quot;I Am One,&quot; &quot;Cherub  Rock,&quot; and &quot;Today&quot; are not things of the past.
0609603086|3.0|Ken Follet is one of those authors that when they have a new book out I just buy it. I don't read the jacket or any reviews because I always enjoy his writing.  While &quot;Hammer of Eden&quot; is an ok read, I think it is  Ken's weakest.  Still better than most, but far from his best. Might even  be his worst.
B00000DFRS|5.0|It's certainly no surprise that Whitney Houston has released another superb album, but it was quite a surprise that it was an album of all new material!  I had preordered her &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; through  Amazon.com and had the thrill of listening to 13 all new tracks on &quot;My  Love is Your Love.&quot;<br />The highlights of the album (as with many of her  albums) are the ballads.  In particular, &quot;I Learned from the  Best,&quot; written by Diane Warren and produced by David Foster, stands  out as the big Power Ballad on the album.  &quot;Until You Come Back&quot;  is more smooth (ala Babyface), but equally powerful in its own way.<br />I  enjoyed Ms. Houston's exploration of current trends in her collaborations  with Wyclef Jean, Missy Elliott and Lauryn Hill (the last being a surprise  bonus track).  Each resounds with the style of its respective writer /  producer, but Whitney's vocal arrangements make the song truly her own.   She navigates each of the different styles with grace and panache.<br />This  all-new studio album from Whitney Houston is long past-due.  Vocally, Ms.  Houston is one of the most talented singers of this generation.  My  surprise in finding that voice on thirteen new songs was my favorite early  Christmas present!
B00000DGUG|5.0|I think that most of the people that could not put &quot;jagged Little Pill&quot; down for months when it was released will be dissapointed in this album not because Alanis has done any less but because she has moved  on. Alanis has moved on; this album is not about anger and disgruntled  protest for just about everything. It is an album of acceptance,  reconciliation, a re-analysis of things past and present. The lyrics are  out of this world beautiful and insightful, much like real poetry and have  nothing to do with the lyrics you see in most popular music these days. The  music itself is indeed challenged by the lyrics and the amount of material  Alanis is trying to communicate. This new style can be annoying, I can see  easily how that is possible. However, it becomes acceptable and almost fun  after a few listenings, and especially after giving the printed lyrics a  good reading. To be specific on the tracks I find exciting: &quot;Front  row&quot; is a great intro into the album. &quot;I was hoping&quot; has a  very strong melody and these lyrics that just give me the chills!  &quot;one&quot; is yet another beautiful song. I would say there are at  least 4-5 songs on this album apart from the famed &quot;thank you&quot;  that capture me. I think Alanis has done a good job of establishing her  lagacy in the Music industry with this album.
B0000062GE|5.0|these guys are one of my favorite bands...thier music is so easy to relate to and say &quot;yeah..that's happened to me&quot; it kinda tells you that you'r not alone
B000002ADT|5.0|Reading these reviews reminds me what a wonderful album (you remember albums?) this was.  I guess it's time to get the CD haven't listened to this music since the 60's but I remember every song.  Timeless.
0792153189|5.0|What I liked best about this movie was that it was more realistic than many others.  Most disaster movies come up with a grand, far-fetched scheme to solve the problem but Deep Impact has several ideas that fail and  finally a partial solution that works.  I think this movie empahsizes that  the human spirit is always fighting against the odds and will always find a  way to survive.  The special effects are outstanding and the characters  well developed.
B000002ADT|5.0|What a wonderful album (you remember albums?) this was.  I guess it's time to get the CD haven't listened to this music since the 60's but I remember every song.  Timeless.
6302426499|5.0|It is probably one of the finest history movies I have ever seen. By taking highly subjective &quot;through the eyes of the hero&quot; approach, film shows Russian history (or medieval one) like no other one. It's one  powerfull rebuff to believers of the &quot;glorious past&quot; rubbish.  Outstanding cinematography and acting.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna with this CD has shown her gained wisdom, openmindedness and intelligence... More power to you, Madonna... I wish she creates more music like Ray of Light!  WTG
0312954468|5.0|River God is one of the best books I have ever read.  Wilbur Smith's attention to detail and the way he portrays the character actually brings the reader into the time.  I love his description.  The way he has Taita  narrate the novel is outstanding.  I would definitely recommend this book  to anyone!!
0688158234|5.0|I laughed and cried through this one, folks! Her story is the epitome of &quot;positive thinking.&quot; Living - and succeeding - under such brutal &quot;challenges&quot; would have broken the strongest back. (It was enough  for me to support an organization against racist and sexual exploitation of  women and children.) It isn't easy for anyone to go out alone in this  world, but Waris gives you the chance - and hope - to see that you have to  believe in yourself.
B000002MZ6|5.0|This CD makes a bad day good. Sit back, close your eyes, and open your mind. One of my favorites.  It never gets old. As un-natural as it seems, electronic music can truely be beautiful.   If you like this CD, check out  INVENTION by Richard Burmer (if you can find it, that is).  Totally  electronic.  Rich in texture, percussion, chorus, and strings.  Also  amazingly creative.
068484267X|5.0|I am an avid reader of non-fiction and find this book to be the most haunting story I have ever experienced. I had an emotional roller coaster of reactions to every line I read. Being of Irish/Catholic descent I  recognized the tragedy of alcoholism and the &quot;old school&quot; tactics  of the Catholic Church.  I was tormented by the plight of his mother and  the children starving, living in vermin, and still the father (like so many  men in their circumstances) takes the &quot;dole&quot; money to drown out  all feeling. Mr. McCourt describes the settings, the essence of the people  involved with such vividness that I can put myself right in the story. He  filled my 5 senses with all the smells, tastes, sights, sounds, and  sensations of his home on the lane that I am experiencing the nausea, the  hopelessness and the empty growling stomach. His mother grasping to the  continual hope that her husband will share the reality of relentless  poverty and him always escaping in pubs, daydreams, and finally abandoning  them for a job in England fills the reader with unbearable frustration. I  was shocked to see the unfairness of the male dominated world in our  century's beginning both in America where the story begins and into Ireland  where most of his childhood was spent. All Americans should read this  account and they would see how much they take for granted. I hope there is  a sequel to this book. Mr. McCourt, I want to know what happened to Angela,  Malachy, and everyone else. He exemplifies the talents of a good writer by  making the reader want more and more.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This Cd rocks! track 4 and 5 are the best! I will listen to it as soon as I get off the computer. It is well worth the 15 bucks or whatever you pay to get it. Though if you don't buy it you'll be very sorry.
B000005H3M|4.0|Great swing from the best.  Buddy could drive a big band like no other drummer, and this recording shows just how energetic his live shows could be.  Docked one star for the period crap, this record is essential for any  fan of the genre.
B00000I01A|5.0|I love this movie. I watch it everyday. It gets better everytime I watch  it. The soundtrack makes it so much bettter also. I recomend this to anyone  out there. Evertime i watch it or hear it i get so pumped and excite
0780623134|5.0|The reason I saw this movie was that it was the last one out of five of the Best Picture nominees in 1994.  I absolutely loved the movie.  Every part of it was just excellent and warm.  After seeing it, I bought the book  (w/ 4 novellas, including Apt Pupil and The Body -- inspired Stand By Me)  and the soundtrack.  I wish that this film would have been honored with at  least one Academy Award in 1994.  Instead of giving an Academy Award to  Morgan Freeman for a tremendously difficult performance, the powers that be  gave the award to Tom Hanks for Forrest Gump in, let's face it, a  caricaturish role.  I know many people who count The Shawshank Redemption  as one of their favorite movies.  Get busy living, or get busy dying.   That's what I always say.
B00000DGUG|5.0|For those of us that liked JAGGED LITTLE PILL, this album poses one problem.  Before now, Alanis always screamed out her rage at us, making sure that we knew she was angry.  But with SUPPOSED FORMER INFATUATION  JUNKIE she calms dows (she must have taken a Valium or something) and  instead of lashing out at others, she comes down on herself.  But the  problem is this: with JUNKIE we have to actually PAY ATTENTION to the  music.  Alanis stops screaming at us and goes into sort of a Lisa Loeb kind  of musical style.   Over all this album is very good.  Yes, Alanis gives up  her 'man-hating' and her raunchy lyrics, but that is for the best.  What  made her famous would only end up haunting her later down the road.  Very  good Alanis.  Five Stars!
0679416781|5.0|There are no more words to add to the depths reached by this novel.  Afterwards, one can only reflect on how one lives . . . and then to try to live more deeply.
B000002PCS|5.0|Somewhere in Time is John Barry's finest composition -- ever. Blessed with the gift of weaving a breathtaking musical tapestry, Barry surpassed all previous and future efforts in this one superb score. One would have to  have their ears shut to not appreciate the beauty, longing, and exquisite  depth Barry imparts to this work. This, far more than Dances With Wolves,  should have garnered Barry an Oscar.
B000001ABD|2.0|I am one of the biggest Stevie Wonder fans ever. I truly appreciate the way his musical genius has influenced almost every pop musician who has ever heard &quot;Signed, Sealed, Delivered&quot;. I can't help but think  the man has done nothing significant since &quot;Musiquarium&quot;, and  that was a 'best of' collection. If he would only unplug the music  sequencer and play his old Memory Moog again, maybe this generation of  &quot;Urban Music&quot; retreads would start making songs that will last  past the BET Top Ten Countdown. Enough &quot;Best Of's&quot;, Stevie!
0425098478|5.0|This is a no-nonsense book. The book is simply written, concise and walks you through the whole &quot;one-minute&quot; manager process. It is enjoyable and you walk out with some practical tools in your hand.<br />Enjoy!  and share it with those who you care for and  especially those  &quot;don't-care&quot; ones!
B000007XUQ|5.0|The music of Richard and Karen Carpenter has been revisted numerous times over the past few years.  Several alternative groups paid tribute to the dynamic duo with the release of &quot;If I Were A Carpenter,&quot;  A&amp;E's Biography featured an hour special &quot;Harmony &amp;  Heartbreak,&quot; VH-1 included them in it's &quot;Behind the Music&quot;  series, E!TV featured &quot;Karen Carpenter-The E! True Hollywood  Story,&quot; and Lifetime Television continues to enjoy high ratings when  airing &quot;The Karen Carpenter Story.&quot;    Much of our nation scoffed  at the Carpenter siblings' clean-cut image during much of their heyday.   Yet, the multi-talented Richard and Karen never apologized for being  straight-ahead Americans, who wanted to be remembered for being  professional, talented and decent people.<br />Now nearly three decades after  their debut on A&amp;M Records, the Carpenters' name is associated with a  truly unforgettable release.<br />Unforgettable. This word is often overused  today, but in this case here's why the word fits: Since the release of  their second holiday album, &quot;An Old Fashioned Christmas,&quot; only a  limited number of songs from both that release and the original masterpiece  &quot;Christmas Portrait&quot; could be enjoyed in crisp digital sound.   <br />Even the superb &quot;Christmas With The Carpenters,&quot; complied and  remixed for a 1992 Time-Life/Polygram campaign has notable omissions.   Mainly, &quot;My Favorite Things,&quot; &quot;Jingle Bells,&quot; and the  fantastic &quot;Do You Hear What I Hear?&quot;  <br />Now, closing a chapter  (and putting an end to I'm sure thousands of letters pleading it's  release,) both albums are heard in their entirety.<br />As usual, Mr.  Carpenter lends his golden touch to each track on this complete set.  In  just a few minutes of listening to either CD you are reminded once again  that this sensational team left an indelible mark on the landscape of  American Pop music history.  <br />Richard has no more enjoyed the same level  of success by recording with another artist since his sister's untimely  1983 death, than would Karen, had Richard's death preceeded hers.<br />Karen's  unmistakable, throaty alto voice has always taken even the trained ear to  another place; but not without the framing of her ingenious brother's  innovative, thoughful  arrangements.  Had Karen conquered her demons,  there's no doubt she would have continued enjoying much success on the A/C  charts, television, movie soundtracks, even Broadway.  <br />Yet had she  survived and taken any number of detours from the group, her loyalty to the  tight circle which brought her the fame of her formative years in the music  business would have remained.  I doubt any other producer/arranger could  have brought out her magic the way Richard did.<br />How wonderful it would  have been to see another special similar to &quot;Music, Music, Music&quot;  perhaps sometime in the early '90's after Miss Carpenter had long won her  battle with anorexia.    Artists such as Amy Grant, Celine Dion, Gloria  Estefan, among others would never have gotten away with some of their  sugar-coated hit singles had it not been for a singer like Karen Carpenter  to prove songs like hers never go out of style.<br />Over time, critics and  fans have continued to compare Karen's style, delivery and subtly with the  likes of Rosemary Clooney, Patti Page and Nat King Cole, rather than any of  her own contemporaries.  One reviewer called her the female Sinatra of the  last quarter century due to her ability to take even the most simple lyric  and turn it into an enduring classic.<br />Enter &quot;Christmas  Collection.&quot;  Many who will enjoy this compilation would also most  likely have on their Christmas CD tower holiday collections by Perry Como,  Anne Murray, Frank Sinatra and Andy Williams, to name a few.  The above are  all top-notch professionals who have made their mark and instilled in allof us the knowing that their music will long outlive their critics and  whatever many of the future's three-hit wonders try to sell us.<br />As for  the actual material, if you are familiar with both of the original vinyl  albums, there's nothing new as far as tracks go.<br />But it doesn't matter.   The Carpenters remain one of the most consistantly played (and requested)  artists during the holiday season.  The classic selections are familiar yet  fresh when put up against even today's modern Pop or Country  renditions.<br />Other selections, like the lesser-recorded &quot;He Came Here  For Me,&quot; &quot;It's Christmas Time,&quot; &quot;First Snowfall,&quot;  and &quot;Christ Is Born&quot; have become more synonymous with the  Carpenters than any other artist--and with good reason:  These gems are not  easy to sing or reinvent.  <br />Over the past decade adult contemporary  artists have introduced &quot;new or modern&quot; standards (enter  &quot;Christmas Through Your Eyes&quot; by Estefan and &quot;Because It's  Christmas&quot; by Barry Manilow.)  While these are shining examples of  listenable material, they can't hope to endure the way &quot;Merry  Christmas Darling&quot; has.  <br />Every year I fool myself into thinking  I'll have the pleasure of seeing a third (oh, say 1998,) Christmas special  from the Carpenters.  Featuring Richard banging out selections from Messiah  or playing a jazzed-out &quot;Jingle Bell Rock&quot; on the piano.<br />And  standing in a wintery setting is Karen (in full recovery,) filling out a  lovely evening gown singing unmatched interpretations of (the other)  &quot;Ave Maria,&quot; &quot;There's No Christmas Like A Home  Christmas,&quot; or &quot;Away In A Manger.&quot;<br />We also needed Karen,  when the soundtracks were being put together for &quot;Sleepless In  Seattle,&quot; &quot;Top Gun,&quot; &quot;Hope Floats,&quot; and others.   When variety shows began leaving our living rooms.  When FM became saddled  by over-produced, studio-magic imposters who have since become legends only  in their own mind.<br />This collection reminds us that only a select few  performers will remain in our hearts and on our music systems for years and  years and years to come.  Richard and Karen Carpenter had a nack for  picking and recording great music.<br />Due to their durable, timeless sound  and continued popularity, the Carpenter name has also become as synonymous  with Christmas as Nat King Cole, Elvis and the philharmonic orchestra of  your choice.  <br />Their are very few artists whose yuletide CD I can listen  to more than once or twice during the festive season.  Both these discs  stay in the CD changer from Thanksgiving through New Year's Eve.<br />Thank  you Richard.  And Karen, we wish you hadn't left us so soon, but I'm sure  God isn't complaining.  Nonetheless, we miss you.
B000007XUQ|5.0|While most christmas recordings get stale after only a few passes over the laser or tape deck, very few truly make a lasting impression on anyone especially after the holidays are over. The carpenters' christmas double cd  issue is one such recording that will delight any listener - young and old  alike . One need not be a fan to appreciate these timeless recordings  issued for the first time in its entirety on cd! From Richard's exceptional  keyboard and arrangement abilities (although not all songs were his  arrangements) to Karen's superior alto vocals, one can't help but be  captivated by this exquisite and incomprable compilation of holiday  favorites. The distinctive qualities of this compilation are the collection  of songs which range from the common to the sometimes unheard of and of  course the classic sound that is a trademark of the carpenters. This is one  cd everyone must have - timeless and a true gem!
0679721037|4.0|This is an excellent study of six survivors of the nuclear holocaust at Hiroshima.  The author follows the lives of six people from what they were doing that morning before the bomb exploded through their immediate  reactions and the following year.  In the final chapter, he offers a view  into their lives forty years later.  It portrays the horror of the event  from individual's eyes rather than the massive horror of nameless victims.  It should be recommended reading for high school history classes.
B000002HHB|5.0|This cd has been in my 5-disc changer since I bought it 2 and a half years ago!  It is funny to read that people think it is dark and moody -- I have always thought it was very light-hearted!  Now dark (but still beautiful)  is Natalie's new album, the brilliant &quot;Ophelia.&quot;<br />Don't believe  the critic who has said &quot;Carnival&quot; is about Los Angeles.  Miss  Merchant herself has said that she wrote this song about New York, a city  that has so many people, so many different characters that she feels she is  in a carnival. &quot;Wonder&quot; is another great song, and it is NOT  about herself -- it was reportedly written about an exceptional child she  knew (as a teenager Miss Merchant worked at a camp for exceptional  children), but it is an allegory which alludes to the child within  ourselves -- we are all wonderful in our own way.<br />Lyrically Natalie  Merchant is as outstanding as in her 10K Maniacs days.  &quot;Beloved  Wife&quot; expresses the grief of a husband who has lost his wife, and is  one of the most powerful songs in this album.  &quot;Seven Years,&quot; my  favorite, has a wonderful melody, which lingers for a long time after  you've listened to it -- a perfect ending for a great album.<br />After  &quot;Tigerlily&quot; and &quot;Ophelia&quot;, Natalie Merchant has proven  that she continues to be one of the best songwriters of her generation, and  with more room to grow outside the confines of the 10K Maniacs, I for sure  look forward to her next album.
6303908306|5.0|The Usual Suspects is one of those movies that comes along but once in a while,the characters are Memorable,my favorite performance comes not from Kevin Spacy(although he is exceptional) but from Gabriel bryne as keaton  hhis was truely a great performance.This is a movie that will entertaine  for years to come.
B0000024SD|5.0|The song list speaks for itself.  I can't decide which is my favorite from among &quot;Mr. Tambourine Man&quot;, &quot;It's All Over Now, Baby Blue&quot; and &quot;Love Minus Zero/No Limit&quot;.
080013799X|5.0|Monty Python lays out wit and whimsy that you will try to mimic for the rest of your life.  Good (but not so bright) King Arthur leads the legendary quest for the holy grail, encountering numerous tests of courage  and honor.  Most 'classic' films have a single defining scene.  The Holy  Grail has, The Plague Era Sanitation Worker Scene, The Witch Judgement  Scene, The Wedding Scene, The Arthur vs. The Stubborn Knight Scene, The  Crossing The Bridge of Death Scene, The Sir Robin And His Minstrel Scene,  the epic Battle At The Mouth Of The Cave Of Eternal Peril Scene, and many  others.  This is surely among the funniest movies ever made.
B0000024SI|5.0|With &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot;, &quot;Ballad of a Thin Man&quot;, &quot;Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues&quot; and &quot;Desolation Row&quot;, how can this be anything but a classic.  Even if you don't like Dylan's voice,  the material transcends it.
0553270435|5.0|I would love to give you a favorite quote out of this book but I don't have copy. I keep giving them away!!! The perfect book for someone who is having trouble seeing that &quot;light at the end of the tunnel&quot;. This  along with a good book of faith like the Bible, Torah, Koran, etc. Will  pick up your spirits in a single day. I truly believe the techniques in  this book could heal even the most devestating problem.
B00000DFRS|5.0|Whitney is back! She really sounds different from &quot;Greatest Love Of All&quot; period. Some would guess her voice was suffered, but listen to &quot;My Love Is Your Love&quot;, you'll know it's not true at all! She  combines strong and up-tempo hip-hop beats with smooth and mature voice so  elegantly! Surely she also gives what she can do best--emotional ballads.  Maybe she doesn't hit hi-C note for half a minute like she did in &quot;I  Will Always Love You&quot;, but she has climbed to another higher level.  She proved to the world that she not only makes #1 records, but high  quality music that touches people's soul very, very deep. &quot;My Love Is  Your Love&quot; is definitely a must for all true music lovers!
B00000064G|5.0|this is the album to make fans of the red house painters, low and other current so-called &quot;slow core&quot; acts drop their jaws in abject disbelief, falling to their knees in worship. this is the defining moment  of a man rebeling against the gross, overwrought production of &quot;brytar  later&quot;. this is a work of such self-obsessed morbidity, and such  sincere, pristine and complex craftsmanship, it will rock your dreary world  to its foundations. yes, you should buy this record, but maybe you should  consider looking for it in your local hometown record shop before handing  your dough to this melalithic corporate book store chain. just a thought.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Celine Dion is incredible. She has a beautiful voice and this CD really does her justice. This is one of the best Christmas CD's I have ever bought. If you like Celine you definitely have to add this one to your  collection!!!
B000002MY3|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I own. I swear, I am in love! There is but one song on this disc that is bad, and that is Wake Up. But except for that, it is fantastic! Alanis's voice itself is not so hot, but she has one helluva  band behind her and her songs are meaninbgful and rockin!!!! All in all,  this is best CD, like, ever. The three best songs are You Learn, Right  Through You and Hnad In My Pocket.
0780622650|3.0|I loved this film, but on DVD they seem to have messed up the sound track. Lips move, but speech follows a fraction of a second later, just enough to create a very odd experience. Give it a miss.
B000001ED1|5.0|Joan Osbourne's music is a much needed alternative to the alternative.  Her sultry,sexy voice is like no others that is heard today.  The intensity and passion of her blues roots is evident on songs such as  &quot;Ladder&quot; and &quot;Help Me&quot;.  We can only hope that she  continues to perserve her heartfelt music for the sake of its art.
6304316267|3.0|BURT REYNOLDS AND DOM DELUISE ARE BOTH PARTNERS IN AN ALL STOPS OUT NO SPEED LIMIT AND HIGHLY ILLEGAL RACE FROM CONNECTICUT TO CALIFORNIA.  IN ORDER TO MAKE IT WITH OUT GETTING BUSTED THEY &quot;BORROW&quot; AN  AMBULANCE TO USE AS THEIR RACE VEHICLE.  GUEST STARS INCLUDE SAMMY DAVIS  JR., ROGER MOORE, AND JIMMY &quot;THE GREEK&quot; SNYDER.
6303212379|5.0|The Goonies, a story about a group of friends who persue a crazy adventure to find the lost treasure of One Eyed Willy and save their town, is an excellent and action packed adventure.  The story is wonderfully strung  together.  The story has a lot of comedy and romance that also help to move  the plot along.  This is a classic, must see video!
0679720200|3.0|An honest human being who is responsible for his social role and being executed for unwilling to accept any pre-defined social values that he doesn't believe. A good book for any real human beings. We are not able to  and have no right to judge the moral issue in this book. But we have to  think about life honestly when facing ourselves. Something exists with  thoughts alone and nothing to do with any sensation or materials. This book  definitely helps us to think.<br />Those people who contempts this book have  no serious thoughts about the real life and real value. It's not much  difference of they never read this book.
B00000ADG2|5.0|First of all, I would recommend this CD to anybody. You can't help but like it no matter who you are! I can't understand how all this talent could come out of one person and be on one CD. Lauryn Hill is a  genius -- hands down! She wrote every single song and even produced it.  Black, white, yellow, green, or purple; male or female -- you have to get  this CD. Even though there's not one thing wrong with it and every song  rocks, the best tracks are: Lost Ones-Track 2, To Zion-Track 4, Doo Wop  (That Thing)-Track 5, When It Hurts So Bad-Track 8, Forgive Them  Father-Track 10, and Everything is Everything-Track 13. You're stupid if  you don't already have this album, but if not -- get it RIGHT NOW!!!
0345350499|5.0|This book is my all-time favorite!! It captures the most beautiful aspects of Arthurian legend, complete with mystery, chivalry and fantastic tales!! This saga not only captures what the great masters set out to do with King  Arthur (including, but not limited to Thomas Malory, Chretien de Troyes or  Tennyson), but adds the feminine perspective of chivalry at its utmost.  Romance, jousting, mystery, the quest for the Grail, etc. are all presented  with such beauty and wit, that the reader is so utterly entranced that they  forget the world around them. A highly recommended book for those wishing  to escape the criticisms of society to a more civilized and beautiful world  of mystery and passion!!
630512065X|4.0|I was able to watch CATS live when it came to Hawaii, and I loved it.  I was excited to see the video, but was a little worried that it would kill the effect.  However, it did nothing but heighten my appreciation of the  perormance I had seen.  In other words, if you've seen it live, it really  helps take you back, and also helps sort out any parts that might have been  a little fuzzy (like the pollicle dog part).     On the other hand, if you  watch the video before you see the actual perormance, it might not hit home  for you. You may find yourself a little bored after the first act due to  it's length, and due to the obvious fact that the camera is only able to  capture a few cats up close at a time.  Another thing too.... you can only  see what the camera shows you.    In short, the video is a good on for  enhancing a special time shared in the theatre, or even for those who are  familiar with the musical and don't have access to it.  It's great for kids  who like it too.
0140067477|5.0|I was once told that the truth of life is so simple only the blind can see.  I think, the truth is found when one ceases to look for it.  Pooh never looked for it and it seems to have found him.  This book speaks on  the simple truths of nature, purity, and gives an inner look into life.   I  really love this book, its an easy-reader and you'll finish it in one  sitting.  It's also a  great gift idea.  After you read this book, you'll  see the simple truths that make life so very special.  Each character in  the book brings a diiferent perspective of life.  Their is a thinker, a  dreamer, a calculator, and most of all a wonderer. This is a thriving story  that, once read, will make you want live again, and you'll want to move  mountains because of it.   A must read..
B00000DGUG|4.0|Alanis Morissette was good on Jagged Little Pill, but after purchasing Infatuation Junkie, I was surprised at all the songs I didn't like.  But after about three weeks of owning it, I like all the songs, and I like her  sudden calmness on &quot;Heart of the House&quot;. Then her sinnging on  &quot;Baba&quot; was very religious, speaking of gurus and students and  all.  Another song I particularly liked was &quot;Front Row&quot; which  was intriguing, but didn't have the religious attitude that the others had.     &quot;So Pure&quot; was another one, where she sings that &quot;so  pure&quot; is such an expression.  &quot;Unsent,&quot; the track before  &quot;So Pure&quot; is fascinating.  I begin to wonder &quot;who were  Matthew, Johnathan, Terrance, Marcus and Lou?  Were they real?&quot;   But overall, I really liked it, except for &quot;Are You Still Mad?&quot;  which amde me a little uncomfortable about what she might be going through  in her mind.  I hope she Keeps it up!
B000002L3P|5.0|there is not one title on this cd that I do not like. that is the true sign of a must have
B00000DHR0|5.0|My newest favourite Christmas CD (and I own a lot of them!!) I knew Cline's debut Christmas CD would be great. It arrived today and I ripped it open and listened and wasn't disappointed at all. Not one weak track on  the whole CD. She grabbed my attention with O Holy Night, made me weep with  her rendition of Ave Maria, and I joined her and her family in joyfully  singing Feliz Navidad. Both tradional and a bit non-traditional, this will  easily become one of your favourite Christmas CD's of all time.   Quelle  belle chanteusse!  Merci encore Cline!
6305177473|5.0|The first time I saw this in the theater I knew I had to HAVE it in my collection!  I don't buy a lot of movies but The Parent Trap captured my long term interest and I want it available for viewing whenever I want to  lift my spirits. This is a feel-good, romantic comedy that leaves you  wanting more. Lindsay is wonderful at developing two separate characters,  and Quaid and Richardson are charmingly realistic.  What more can I say -  Buy It!
6303149200|5.0|This film has been famous in Pagan circles for many...many years.  The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission.  Excellent visuals highlight a very well done story.  This film will make you think. It is not  a horror story or fantasy, but perhaps a bit of living history.  Some of  the scenes are extremely erotic, and the film is highlighted by a factual  rendition of some Pagan traditions, as well as a wonderful cast.  It really  is a film experience.
B00000DHRX|5.0|this album is fabulous, but how could it not be? most of these songs are songs us george michael fans have heard before and will continue to enjoy for many years to come. and it's a snag for the price.
B000005JKS|4.0|&quot;The isle is full of noises, sounds and sweet airs that give delight and hurt not.&quot; Ryuichi Sakamoto plucks sounds and rhythms from cultures east and west, then mixes and opposes them, in an album at once  familiar and challenging. What brave new world is this?
B000001EEN|5.0|Eric had gone into hiding, in a way, not performing or making any public appearances for months.  Derek and the Dominos had broken up and Eric had gone into seclusion...that is until Pete Townshend coerced him back into  the public arena with a scheduled performance at London's famous Rainbow  Theatre in 1973.  After a week of practice sessions, Clapton emerged with  an all-star band featuring Townshend, Ronnie Wood, Jim Capaldi, Steve  Winwood, and Rebop.<br />The crowd was in for a spectacular night as Eric made  his triumphant return to the music world.  From the opening notes of  &quot;Layla,&quot; it was clear that EC hadn't lost his touch at ALL.  The  group made its way through Clapton classics, covering other songs as well -  including a very different rendition of Jimi Hendrix's celestial  &quot;Little Wing.&quot;  <br />The quality of the performance is great, its  importance and timing are inexpressable, and the solo career which used  this concert as a launching pad has dazzled us all.  A must-have for all  Clapton fans.
B0000028P8|5.0|There's no doubt that Mariah Carey is a wonderful singer with a wonderful voice, but to me this album seems to be lacking something.  Enthusiasm?  Yes!  Mariah seems..oh, I don't know exactly how to describe it, but  somehow not as enthusiastic or emotional as she is on her albums.  Oh, of  course, this is a great CD, and Mariah has a great voice, but I would  actually recommend that you buy her other albums that have the same songs  on them, rather than buy this one.  On her CDs she has more background  vocals, better musicians, and seems to project more emotion;which is  surprising, considering that this CD,&quot;MTV Unplugged EP&quot; is  supposed to be live.  However, despite her lack of enthusiasm, Mariah has a  wonderful voice;without a doubt.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This has got to be a must have.  MOst of these songs at least those on disk 2 are rare b -sides that are really difficult to find.  They Rock, Green Hell, Am I evil!, BREADFAN (Metallica's best cover) Stone Cold Crazy  (original by Queen) The prince all songs I'v been searching for for years I  got about half of them! GET IT!
0792151712|4.0|I was overwhelmed before I got to the theater simply in thinking about the real tragedy, the real people.  The emotional effect of the movie, which was significant for me, was more my thoughts of the real people who lived  and died, not the chracters provided for the plot.  Certainly, the main  protagonists present attractive and enjoyable personages, but the real  power of the movie is in the reality of the actual event, and the  incredible ability of Mr. Cameron to place us on and around the Titanic  from departure to sinking.  I would not have voted Titanic Best Picture  simply because the script is not great.  The movie is spectacular,  enjoyable and worth the price of a ticket, but my vote for Best Picture  would easily have gone to Good Will Hunting for a great script and  excellent performances.  I am more eagerly awaiting the next screenplay of  Damon and Affleck,  than the next special effects epic by Cameron.  Kudos  to Cameron never the less.
0679457313|5.0|Arundhati Roy's first novel has all the flavor of a first novel, the cathartic passages, the intrepid stylistics, the fresh characterizations. While some readers found it difficult to enjoy and/or convoluted, I thought  it was sheer poetry.
B000002C4J|5.0|Celine Dion is truly talented, as she proves in her CD, &quot;Let's Talk About Love&quot;!  The best songs on this album, in my opinion, are &quot;Immortality (With the Bee Gees)&quot;, &quot;Treat Her Like A  Lady&quot;, &quot;Miles To Go (Before I Sleep)&quot;, &quot;My Heart Will  Go On (Love Theme from 'Titanic')&quot;, and &quot;Let's Talk About  Love&quot;.  This is a CD worth ordering, as Celine Dion does yet another  great job!
0395389496|5.0|This a book that stimulates the imagination of young people as well as old as you take a midnight journey on an old steam engine to the north pole.
0790738139|5.0|In this complicated story, the characters immerse themselves in the most brilliantly crafted webs.  The entire cast is stellar, with Kevin Spacey again stealing the show as Jack Vincennes.  His final scene in the film  SHOULD NOT BE MISSED!
0684830515|5.0|An unforgettable story with an even more unforgettable cast of characters
B000002A46|5.0|Mariah Carey makes it feel like Christmas no matter what time of the year it is, with her wonderful collection of Christmas songs!  Every single song on this album is great, and, to be honest, I can't find anything wrong at  all with the album or any of the songs on it!  So order this CD right now,  and get ready to make it feel like Christmas any time at all!
0061053430|5.0|This book is based off of the premise of a technical manual writen as a MArine PR piece. The book is full of psuedo scientific explanations for everything that we saw in the first and second movies, from the dropship  design to the actual biology of the aliens themselves. It's all  complemented very well by ample pictures and  quotes from  &quot;actual&quot; colonial marines. It's addicting, I find that i pick it  up every now and again and re-read it, some of the &quot;quotes&quot; are  very funny. Even if you are only a casual fan of the series, pick it up,  it's sure to get you addicted.
B0000028SR|4.0|The title track on this album would have to be one of Bruce's best. Soul Driver when I first heard it I thought it would be released as a single, dissappointingly it wasn't. Man's job is very good , so is I wish I were  blind,  but being a big Bruce fan I love them all!!
B000002AVF|5.0|Mariah Carey is a wonderful singer, as she proves once again on her album, &quot;Daydream&quot;.  In my opinion, the best songs on this CD are &quot;Always Be My Baby&quot;, &quot;Open Arms&quot;, &quot;One Sweet  Day&quot;, and &quot;Fantasy&quot;.  &quot;Underneath the Stars&quot;  certainly deserves credit, but it's not to my particular liking.  Over-all  this is a great album, and I would strongly recommend ordering it!
0399103422|5.0|Undoubtedly one of the great books of all time, this story of a Mafia family has more depth and subtlety than is often realized.  Don't miss the ironies that Puzo cleverly works in so smoothly that they threaten to pass  without notice.  The biggest irony?  No, the Godfather of the title is NOT  Don Vito Corleone, the head of the Mafia family at the outset of the book  (the Marlon Brando character in the movie).  But, yes, the book is about a  Mafia Godfather.  In fact, it's about the making of one.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah has somehow managed to come out with yet another wonderful CD!  I must say that she could use some variety; some of the songs sound alike, but her voice is nothing to scoff at!  She's truly talented, and I would  strongly recommend this album for music lovers to buy, because Mariah has a  wonderful voice!
B000001FY7|5.0|The perfect Mix of Reggae and Jamacan Ska
B000002UAF|5.0|Without a doubt one of the best albums of all time.. If I Fell has to be the most beautiful rock-n-roll love song ever written and recorded. John Lennon and Paul McCartney's voices are perfect together.. No other singing  team has even came close to them..and I doubt anybody ever will.. Listen to  This Boy.. John Lennon really shows his singing ability in that song.
0694010081|5.0|I love Goodnight Moon! It's a true classic, great for reading aloud. And the cuddly slippers are so adorable on my little one... wish they came in adult sizes, too.
B00000DMJF|5.0|The advanced copy I've heard of the remastered White Album is quite promising; while the first version cd sounded quite good, it has since been surpassed by a number of other artist's remastered albums.  &quot;The  Beatles&quot; isn't the band at its slickest, but their rawest. Its as if  they all carved the band's sound and did their own version of what they  thought the band sounded like. In fact, this album acts almost like a  preview of Lennon, McCartney, Harrison and Starr's solo careers. Although  the album production credit mentions only George Martin, in fact this is  probably the most democratically produced of the Beatles albums. At various  times, McCartney, Lennon, Harrison and future Pretenders producer Chris  Thomas act as producers for various tracks. The best material here is as  good as anything the band wrote and performed, but the project as a whole  is a bit spotty with substanially more filler than on previous Beatles  albums(like the Stones' EXILES ON MAIN STREET and the Who's QUADROPHENIA).  Still, the best material shows the band in rare form; Lennon's acerbic  &quot;Happiness is a warm gun&quot;(McCartney's favorite song on the  album), McCartney's elegant &quot;Blackbird&quot;, Harrison's &quot;While  my guitar gently weeps&quot; all focus expand on the band's musicial  vocabulary. THE BEATLES is still a great album, but one that  clearly  demonstrated the flaws that would crop up in the individual members solo  careers. Brutally honest, the music veers towards a cynical, harder edge  than some of their previous work.
6302798450|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen! Let's start with a little bit of the facts. This movie is Army of Darkness or{Evil DeadIII}. His name is Ash of housewares. The last movie he travels to a cabin surronded by  evil. He fights the evil but his hand get's possest and he lops it off with  a chainsaw. Now he's sucked back in time to fight evil again. See how he  fights the deadites and deamons with his shotgun and chainsaw. Let's just  say he's Sucked back in time,surrounded by evil,and low on fuel.
B0000029DD|5.0|Without doubt the best debut album by any artist in at least ten years. Jeff's vocal ability is extraordinary. From the haunting opening track,  &quot;Mojo Pin,&quot; this LP just oozes class. <br /> In my opinion, the best  way to listen to Jeff is through headphones whilst lying down in a darkened  room with absolutely no distractions.   &quot;Grace&quot; deserves your  undivided attention because it is, in short, a masterpiece!<br /> Since buying  this I've bought every Buckley single/EP/import available. His death is  truely tragic.<br /> I thoroughly recommend this and his unfinished  work,&quot;Sketches - For My Sweetheart the Drunk&quot;
B000000OQF|5.0|Ask any rock n' roll musician out there today and they will undoubtedly regard this album as a pinnacle for rock.  It became an instant classic before the &quot;Illusion&quot; albums were even released.  Like Zep's  &quot;Zoso&quot; collection, this album is what rockers strive for when  they create music.  Courtney Love of Hole recently stated that with her  recent release, &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot;, she drove herself to create an  album that would stand up through the tests of time like &quot;Appetite For  Destruction.&quot;  What better compliment could an album get than to have  the respect that G N'R's first album garnishes?  BUY THIS OR REGRET EVERY  OTHER MUSIC CHOICE YOU MAKE!!!
079283321X|5.0|GREAT! MASTERPIECE! ONE OF MY TOP MOVIES OF ALL TIM
B000009PNY|4.0|Well, I never even considered buying this type of &quot;tribute&quot; album before, until I read pretty good reviews of it.  And I agree with them.  In general the new versions are good, different, etc. and bring a  new sound to the old DM standards.  Especially recommended are tunes by  Smashing Pumpkins, God Lives Underwater, The Cure, Self, Rabbit in the  Moon.  Pretty good and/or interesting are Veruca Salt, Hooverphonic,  Locust.  Pretty standard and marginal are Dishwalla (straight up  &quot;alternative&quot; rock), (surprisingly) Meat Beat Manifesto (pretty  true to the original... uncool), and Deftones (pretty unoriginal version).   Pretty bad is Monster Magnet (who are these grunting fools?).  Truly rank  is Rammstein &quot;Stripped&quot;... one of my all time favorite songs  ruined, wrecked, and destroyed by comically bad German-accented  &quot;hard-core&quot; delivery (bad news).  In summary, pretty good stuff,  you won't be  disappointed in the least.
0679442790|5.0|For those of us who still grapple with the unfathomable question of the extent of man's inhumanity to man - whether that be past and/or present wars, hate crimes, racism, bigotry - this small novel is a stunning  experience.  Schlink has created at least two unforgetable characters in  his tale of the coming of age of Michael Berg with an experienced woman of  more years.  How he evolves a beautifully honed description of sexual  awakening into the nightmare of realization and then leads us to an  understanding of all aspects of life civilized and uncivilized is a miracle  of writing.  A short tale, but one that lives on in the conscience long  after the book's covers are closed.  This is a genuinely brilliant novel.  Share it with those meaningful to you.
0783229526|5.0|Thompson's Fear And Loathing is rich and vibrant and has lost none of its hallucinogenic quality on the small screen.  The DVD picture and sound is rich and clear.<br />Check out the deleted scenes, some of your favorite  scenes which were in the book that somehow got left out of the film, may be  in there!<br />A MUST ADD to the collection for Gilliam, Thompson, Depp, cult  classic, and everything-in-between fans.
0783229569|5.0|This movie appeals only to certain people.  Acid filled, and with some great special effects, it reflects a kind of trippy, but sad aspect of a generation.  I saw it as many times as I could before it was yanked out of  my local theatre. Often I  was the only one in the theatre, but this flick  appeals to the traveller in all of us.  The person who just wants to pick  up and head to Vegas.  No matter what you've heard, try it. I expect it to  become another cult classic, like The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
6305161976|5.0|This movie is a real masterpiece. Please dont miss it
038097617X|5.0|This book was wonderful.  I enjoyed reading every word of it.  I laughed and cried.  I felt that Claire and I shared the same thoughts at times.  The characters were so real.  I hope to read more of Marian Keyes books.
6305229449|5.0|This film had the usual Disney excellence in animation, music, visual impact, etc.  But what really pleased me (as a mother) is that finally we have a strong female heroine, whose stands up against the patriarchal  nonsense... a wonderful story of a young woman conquering her fears and  finding/creating her place in a world where she doesn't fit, where they  will not hear her.  Mulan has the courage to step outside society's  &quot;norm&quot; and be herself, to persevere and find her power, and thus  achieves greatness.  Although she does finally marry, she marries as an  equal, far different than the matchmaker tradition of her times.... and  marriage is just a part of her story instead of the &quot;goal&quot; of her  life (or the movie).  The story is exciting, amusing, heart-warming, and  inspiring... with a taste of education about an ancient culture and a  much-welcome dose of feminism.  Great stuff!
6303332609|5.0|I absuloutely loved the film Killer Klowns From outer Space. I wish they would make a sequel. it's absulotely spactaculier.  It's about Vick and Debbie who one night see a comet sore over them and land in a valley. Soon  hideous clowns with ray guns,man eating popcorn,and killer cotton candy  come out of a Big Top Circus Tent which is their spaceship. Exactly where  the comet landed. They use their tricks and things to attack the town  members and turn them into cotton candy cocoons.  In one scene the fat  clown sticks a whirly straw in one of the cotton candy cocoons and sucks  the blood out of the person inside.
6304083777|5.0|An intriguing look at the future, the borders of man and machine are blurred and your left hoping that you will hear more of this future world. The subtitled version is Much better than the dubbed version, (I have both  versions) the characters intonation and attitude are clearer. I Highly  recommend this to action and anime fans. this is an excellent start in  anime!!!
0783229526|4.0|Just have to say that the boook is my all time faviorite and the movie version is a strong interpretaion of the story.  Depp is fantastic and Raoul Duke aka Thompson.  The quality of the transfer is superior, but the  special features are no big deal.  Two or three deleted scenes is all.  A  director commentary track, or narration by  Thompson would make this one a  must. Maybe on the Criterion edition?  The widescreen is the only way to  see this film, outside of a theater.  You can't miss if you dig the story.
6300216268|5.0|This is a movie that should be seen no less than 3 times a year.....Maude is the most beautiful sunflower....banjoes....Cat Stevens...being alive...being whoever you are...anything but the contrived or  &quot;normal&quot; whatever that is...As dorky as it may sound...this movie  is good for your soul. Watch it.....again and again.....
630512065X|4.0|Or in this case, the stage production. I eagerly anticipated this, and I wasn't tremenduously disappointed. When I saw the production on stage several years ago, I was enamored. Something is lost in the translation  here. And not just the two entire numbers that are omitted from this  production (Growltiger's Last Stand and The Battle of The Pekes and the  Pers). Some of the flavor is gone. The few special effects that are used  draw me out of the experience it was in the theatre. Still, worth owning.  Well worth owning for a fan.
6301963717|5.0|Excellent Movie!  Great story, great Acting, great directing.  One of the Coen Borthers finest works.
0062502182|1.0|he doesn't challenge the reader  to think.Reading Alchemist, it like reading Spiderman comic book but of  course with Spiderman being much better.Superman has more philosophy than  any book of Paulo Coelho,and I bet he has a collection of Superman at  home.A book have to have a historic context with solid foundation and if it  wants to be good have to have a central basic idea that it will lead the  destiny and behavior of the characters independent of the happy end. If you  really wants a good book read Time and the Wind  by Erico Verissimo this  that call a excellent book from a excellent writter.
6301963717|5.0|It may not be the movie of the '90s, but it is the best gangster movie of all time and quite possibly the best thing the Coen brothers ever did, including Blood Simple and Fargo. The use of language and imagery are  stunning and the storyline is serpentine enough to keep you involved until  the end.
0399143904|5.0|Rainbow Six by Tom Clancy is a excellent book full of action and genius. With a little touch of comic relief to liven it up. I strongly advise any action person to read this book. This book rates on a scale of one(bad) to  five(good) i give it a thirty. I again strongly advise you to buy this book  and read it you will not regret it.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I read in Rolling Stone that this CD, music and lyrics, were put together in 6 weeks.  Well, it sounds like it.  A huge disappointment.  This CD will certainly move Morrisette into the realm of one CD wonders (i.e. Pill).   Save your money
6304494653|5.0|The &quot;Karate Kid&quot; touches on a story centering on kindness, love, and giving.  Immediately, the story line depicts a boy, Daniel forced to move to a new city, oppressed by a group of stronger boys; affliated with a  organization call Cobra Kia; Daniel must learn how to survive.  Strong  verse weak provides a strong theme.  The virtue of humility is symbolize  by the plain and simply lifestyle of Migayi.  The culture and  sophistication is depicted in his design of Bonzai tree's.  Bringing  student to the teacher's trust is accomplished by an act of kindiness the  repairing of an damage bicycle caused by member of the Cobra Kia; the act  gestures towards roots, in buddism.  A interesting side note on the name  Migayi.  Migayi - (The founder of a  famous style Okiniwan form of martial  arts)  is used a symbol of strength.  Historically, stories of Migayi  bravery and valor are well known in the martial art world.  Pat Moria  protrays  some of the amazing power hidden in Okiniwan Karate using  traditional stances and techniques bring Old Style methods of survival to  the Big Screen.  Movement back to a medival time of chivalry is maintained  as an underlying theme.  The Karate Kid opens the world and culture of  Japan in a beautiful presentation: kindness and service in contrast to a  brutal and violent antoganist, art and nature instead or artifical;  kindness and service rather than self interest.  I find the story line to  be simple yet very enjoyable.
B00000DFRS|2.0|This disc is an attempt to please both camps: those who love Whitney's ballads and those who wish she'd update her sound and reclaim lost territory.  The results are mixed. Whitney does update her sound, and the  songs chosen help her dive right into the undistinguishable  sea of modern  day soul/R&amp;B divas.  Among all the &quot;new Whitney&quot; songs,  &quot;Its Not Right, But Its OK&quot; comes off the best.  It is sassy,  original in arrangement and production.  The other selections,&quot;  Heartbreak Hotel&quot;, &quot;My Love Is Your Love&quot;, &quot;If I Told  You That&quot; and &quot;Get It Back&quot; sound like run of the mill black  radio- even with all-star help in vocals and production. Only when Whitney  finally hits a few standout ballads does she really reclaim her crown.  The  one truly oustanding track in this collection is &quot;Until You Come  Back&quot;, a Babyface produced powerful blast of class.  Whitney's  alternates between soaring in pure, whole notes and smooth lower register  phrasing, while the orchestra embelishes this tale of long lost love.  A 5  star performance!  Those expecting the David Foster produced &quot;I  Learned From The Best&quot; to sound like &quot;I Will Always Love  You&quot; or &quot;I Believe in You and Me&quot; will be in for a shock:  this is the 90's version (albeit non-disco) of &quot;I Will Survive&quot;.   Even the production startles.  Bold, strong horns balanced with acoustic  guitar touches.  And Whitney's voice is assured and confident on all  counts. Among the other ballads, &quot;When You Believe&quot; with Mariah  limps along most of the song but is redeemed in the last minute and a half.  &quot;You'll Never Stand Alone&quot; is a pale imitation of &quot;Count On  Me&quot;. The overall theme of this album is romantic disappointment from  the wandering man. Is this reflective of her marriage with Bobby Browm?  I  hope not for her sake. I propose an idea for the forthcoming &quot;Greatest  Hits&quot; album- two discs: one of the ballads and one of the upbeat  numbers.  This way we can pick and choose which Whitney we prefer, instead  of having to buy an entire album to get our favorites.
B000000WA4|5.0|I first got drawn into The Smashing Pumpkins when a new guy at work started listening to it.  My favorite song is by far Tonight Tonight.  But the other songs are great too.  The Smashing Pumpkins  are unique in that  they offer slow, dancing music (Tonight, Tonight , 33 etc.) and move up to  the  moshing and slam dancing(Zero, Jellybelly, Bullet  with Butterfly  Wings)  This CD is great it is worth your money.  It is also a good CD if  you are a &quot;beginning&quot; fan of The Smashing Pumpkins.
031218087X|3.0|During the reading of this book, I just couldn't stop wondering if these jerks were actually the real people who actually run the NSA. If the answer was yes, then our USofA would definitely in big trouble. The author had  inevitablely gave me an impression that the whole NSA scenes inside out  were just so obviously fake, since he could only imagine the tight security  for entry, but once got in, he just could not provide us with more  realistic pictures, so he just failed to visualize correctly and to  deliver.  So, what we got here from him were couple of very unprofessional,  sexual harassing jerk like Hale, an egghead nerd, a very unconvincing IQ170  woman, her multi-lingualled sweetheart, an old, stress sticken No.2 guy, a  steel-rimmed killer, plus several security guards outside the NSA building.  Putting a Japanese American as some kind traitor, doing some personal  vandetta to NSA and its personnel is still a legacy of the pathetic  American syndrome orginated and still die-hard from WWII--the Asian  Americans simply would not be accepted completely as other racial  Americans, so, guilty until proven innocent; put them in concentration camp  before they become the snitches, informers, or traitors--the  (Japanese)American, even he had passed the security check to be qualified  as an NSA employee, but he's doomed to be unstable, untrustworthy and would  inevitablely became a traitor and sold his 'Digital Fortress' to his  Japanese folks in Japan. This is a disgusting logic that made me appreciate  more to the &quot;Mercury Rising&quot; movie. At least there were only real  Americans being betrayed and killed, and all the Japanese people in that  movie were just purely innocent, big dollar-spending tourists.
6302293553|5.0|This is an exceptionally great movie(the best movie of all time in my opinion). This movie was hilarious. The laughs were relentless, they never stopped. I am an enormous fan of the Pythons, but you don't need to have  even heard of them to enjoy this movie(or any of thier other work for that  matter). The bottom line is see this movie. Many, many, many times.<br />The  best movie from the best comedy troup in the world. <br />And that leaves only  one question: What is the air speed velocity of an unlaiden swallow?
0609603086|2.0|This is definitely not one of Follett's better efforts.  I agree with Mr. Blake that it's not a novel, but rather a movie script.  Also, the main plot device, that a seismographic truck could cause an earthquake, is  false.  The energy that a truck could exert on a fault is a function of the  mass of the truck, which is miniscule in seismological terms.  If a fault  were so unstable that this small amount of energy would trigger an  earthquake, the small earthquakes which are common in California would have  triggered it long ago.
B000001AJG|5.0|I am so pleased to see this wonderful album in CD. I have a music system that allows me to play my piano  along with records, tapes and CDs and I have worn out the 2 record set with many hundreds of playings! I know this  music upside-down and  backwards and I find it exquisitely brilliant. A  haunting opera that tells a wonderful story. (I too would LOVE to buy the  movie that contains the soundtrack). Stevie, your album changed my life and  I'll always be grateful. Steve McMahon
0553212478|5.0|This sometimes-terrifying account of a man's battle with his inner and all-too-real demons is one of the great masterpieces of English literature. Beautiful!
0440180295|5.0|This book is amazing.  The story is so wonderfully complex and the characters are very memorable and concrete.  Once you read this book you look at the world in a whole different way.  The ideas and topics in it are  adressed so eloquently.
B00000DHR0|3.0|Celine Dion's latest album has its moments.  The highlight of it all is the duet with R. Kelly, &quot;I'm Your Angel&quot;.  If nothing else, the album is worth buying for that song alone.  The other tracks are decent.   This is a great album for true Celine Dion fans, but only a so-so choice  for those who aren't sure...
6304873441|5.0|The first Fox Animation release is a smashing success,  a great cast including Meg Ryan. The film was based on a great plot and expanded upon the essence of cinematography by including great musical selections and  lots of culture. Get this one for your kids to teach about the culture and  absolute greatness of the story of Anastasia.
0140177396|5.0|I had to read this book over the summer for English class, I thought it was great!  Usually when I don't like the theme of the book I really can't get into it, but this one I really enjoyed.  I am disapointed in the people  who think the ending was &quot;strange&quot;, if you do think that, read it  over again try and figure out what  motivated George to do what he did.  Theeeeeen maybe you'll understand the ending better
6302298695|5.0|Boyz N the Hood, is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen.  It's real, and it gives the viewer a perspective of gang life.  This movie is like Silkk kickin it in a 912 area.  Silkk tha Shocker is in tha house.  He's  chillen wit hiz boyz O'Dell, C Murder, Mystikal, Big Ed, and Kane.  Buy  this movie it's nice.<br />~Jack Marlow aka Silkk the Shocker and his crew
0684874350|5.0|This book is shocking and wonderful.  It's amazing  that the family survived in those conditions.  It was really sad when the brothers and the sister died.  I heard that Mr. McCourt is writing another book about his  life.
0767800958|5.0|Wonderful music by Yo-Yo Ma help make this movie a sweeping look at a filmmaker's quest to capture her ideas.  As her original idea is picked up by Hollywood for financing, she finds they want to make too many changes to  to her work.  As she is going through the struggles, she is taking tango  lessons to ease the stress.<br />She then decides to make a film about tango,  and the film-in-a-film unfolds.  A very personal and touching movie.
0670813028|5.0|I didn't want this book to end.  It was so much more than just a horror novel; his understanding of childhood, and what it means to grow up thinking you're a &quot;loser&quot; makes the story so touching and  believable.  Ben, Bill, Bev, Richie, Eddie, Stan and Mike are all so real  and so human.  I cry every time I get to the part in the barrens when they  build the dam together, and when they form the circle in the water.  Also,  when Mike realizes that his writing is beginning to disappear at the end -  it is all so nostalgic and loving and sad at the same time.  Stephen King's  &quot;IT&quot; is his best work, and shows that the author is truly in  touch with what childhood means.
6304342586|5.0|The first VHS movie I ever watched.  Long time Paul Newman fan and watching him in this is the best work he would have ever done. (besides SlapShot maybe) Steve McQueen is amazing as well as the full line of the  outstanding cast.  Story line is second to none. I just hope I can find it  on LaserDisc now.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I love The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill! It's a nice combo of soul, rap, and r&amp;b and every track is phat. L-boggie drops mad wisdom and entrances us with her sweet, melodic voice. &quot;You can't match  this/Rapper slash actress/More powerful than two Cleopatras&quot; This is a  must have cd for all hip hop fans.
0930289331|5.0|You know, it is sometimes hard to catagorize comic books as works of literature. But Frank Miller and David Mazzucchelli pulled it off with &quot;Batman: Year One.&quot; How can I put it? This IS Batman. Who he is  and how he came to be. But Miller also explores the early career of a  Lietenant James Gordon. And like I stated earlier, it is concocted in such  a way that it rivals with many novels that I have read. There are no corny  lines or stereotypical cliches here. There is only solid story telling,  incredible art, and touching characterization. And there is no sign of Joel  Schumacher anywhere.
6305166021|5.0|After seeing a live production of Riverdance, I bought videos of both Riverdance (at Madison Square Garden) and Feet of Flames. I really enjoy both. I would now love to see Feet of Flames live. In terms of the videos,  I like Feet of Flames better.
6304938276|2.0|Being a scream movie, it has to get some credit, but the end of this movie sucked. It was the one of the worst endings to a movie that I have ever seen. Scream 3 is in the making (I think) and I hope that they didn't  follow the tracks of this movie. AVOID.
630512065X|5.0|My husband and I watched the production when played on our local PBS station. We had seen a traveling production of it in Iowa City this year. We liked it when we saw it on stage but truly loved it on video. The music  was beautiful and fun and sad and wonderful. Costumes were outstanding. So  enjoyed being able to see the costumes and makeup on the faces close up,  which we couldn't really see that well when on the stage. We are purchasing  video copies for all our family this year for Christmas presents. A musical  video to be enjoyed by one and all, over and over again. Our 5 year old  granddaughter just adores it.
0812931017|5.0|This book inspired me.  Branson holds no punches when describing the ups and downs of building a successful business and life in general.  I've been a fan of Branson's for a while, mainly because of the maverick yet personal  and fun image he portrays.  This book was confirmation that the image is a  replica of the orginal: genuine, honest, and brave.  Read this book.
6305166021|2.0|Hang it up Michael- you're not the best dancer that ever existed (as you proclaimed yourself). It's too bad that your ego has produced yet another over the top too much for our own good video of your Irish taps! PLEASE  enough already!
0792151712|4.0|Very interesting.  I saw it thinking I wouldn't like it because I don't really care about the Titanic.  Now I'm interested and I'm doing research to see if any of my relatives were on the Titanic.  I would reccomend this  movie to anyone I meet.
6303477259|5.0|Pink Floyd hasn't lost anything on this latest tour.  David Gilmour is more than adequate at vocals, and he still blows your mind with his guitar solo in 'Comfortably Numb'.  Great when experienced in surround sound.   You'll have to see this video to appreciate it for yourself.
B000002V0Q|5.0|I like Countdown to Extinction a little better than Cryptic Writings, but every album by Megadeth  has been good. (and so much more original than most other bands.)
0394716787|5.0|This book is a must for any die hard Edgar Allan Poe fan.  It has all his poems and stories in it.  It was hard to put down the book in the middle of a story it was that good!  I loved this book!
630512065X|1.0|This is nothing more than a 2 1/2 hour long promotional video featuring lip syncing and horrible video directing. It's just plain bad. It is not even shot in front of a live audience! You cannot take this masterfull work  and place it in a vacuum and expect a theatrical piece to emerge. Too bad  this version will outlive all stage versions for future generations to see.  But why am I complaining- your whole family can kill a Friday night for  less than $20- if you want to see a world class musical you'll have to  travel to New York or London and drop at least $60 a ticket.
6304145438|5.0|If you haven't seen this movie - where have you been?  This is the most heart warming story about a man being reminded of what is important in life when his world is crashing down around him.  It will make you laugh and cry  and want to hug your wife!
6305169187|4.0|There are Movies that make a point, Movies with &quot;redeeming social value&quot; and Movies that entertain... Armaggedon is the later, and as such does an excellent job. If you want &quot;edge of your seat&quot;  action entertainment. If you want to be taken away from the day to day for  an hour and a half. If you want to see Bruce Willis die - this is the movie  for you..
1573225517|5.0|At least 3 of my friends are sure the book was written about them and, as a baby boomer, just about all my friends totally identify with the characters.<br />Hornby got under the skin of the thirtysomething male and  captured in perfectly in words.  <br />Having a tape made for you has never  been the same since!!!
B00000AFWZ|5.0|I found the orginial gate-fold &quot;Nuggets&quot; album in the cut out bend at a record store in 1974.  Needless to say I decided to start collecting records again.  Try to find just the .45 versions of these songs  let alone a &quot;Remains&quot; album.  Anyway I'm waiting for Rhino to  release VOL. 11 anytime they want.<br />This collection is great and I do mean  great.  Even the bad songs are great.  I hope Rhino puts some of the  following on the next one. She's Gone  - Dovers -  I Need You  - Zachry  Thaks -  I'm A Hog for You Baby - Groupies -  I would recommened this CD to  anyone who wants to hear some excellent 60's music and not the stuff they  play on the oldies stations everyday. &quot;The Remains to be Seen and  Heard&quot;
0670880728|5.0|Once you start this book, you cannot put it down. It is Pride and Prejudice brought screaming into the 1990s.<br />It made me laugh out loud on more than one occasion and made me realise that running in and dialling  1471 is a usual passtime of thirtysomething singletons!!<br />If you don't beg  steal or borrow a copy of this book then you are seriously missing out -  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
B0000039PW|5.0|This CD is so incredible.  Every song on it blew me away.  Tears came to me on &quot;Me and my b*tch&quot;  &quot;Juicy&quot; is a well told story of working his way up from the ghetto.  Biggie had a gift, and he put it  into the CD.  You fell so sorry for him when &quot;Sucidal Thoughts&quot;  comes on.  He has a picture of his life, and his way with words puts right  in the middle of it.  I Listen to it all the time, and it always leaves me  thinking.  This CD should be at the top of everyone's list.  Please, put  everything else on hold and get this if you don't already have it.  Biggie  is a lyrical genuis, and you have to hear it agian and agian. -Rest in  peace-
B000002O1P|5.0|This album is a classic with a different type of style for Tom Petty.  He does some unique, historical pieces.  This is one of his best albums.
1573225517|5.0|No-one has written a book in the 90s that more closely defines what it is to be a man in a relationship, and how that relationship interacts with the rest of his life.  Scarily, it's just a small part of it, behind many  inanimate objects, however they might be meant to embody emotion. Men must  read this, and recognise themselves, and women will understand what makes  their lump of swaty lard tick.  I see myself in it - and I'm only 20, so it  appears that this is what I have to look forward to.
6302413931|5.0|Apocalypse Now is a brilliant and riveting Vietnam War film that captures the American attitude towards The Vietnam War beautifully.  The first half will sweep the viewer away;  it shows the American attitude towards the war  and shows the war in full.  The opening and credits are amazing.  The  second half is good but not equivalent and turns more to the journey of  Martin Sheen and plot of the story.  Not the best Vietnam War film (it is  inferior to The Deer Hunter) but right up there.
0800141326|2.0|If i was really really bored, i would recommend this movie. Although it IS watchable, the plot is too thin and the acting was horrible...The only thing that saved it from a one star rating was the special effects
B000002H2H|5.0|THE BEST OF THE EATLIER ALBUMS ESPECIALLY THE SONGS: &quot;FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS&quot;, &quot;FADE TO BLACK&quot; ECT.THEY COULDNT HAVE GOTTEN BETTER THAT THIS THE THE EARLY DAYS...
6301647734|5.0|One of the few movies ever that looks directly into the soul of a person, this movie helps us see that perspective is everything.  If Elwood had continued to live as something he was not, he would have never discovered  that inside all of us is the beauty of our sense of whimsy and grace.  Elwood enjoys his life and is not afraid of being who he really is.  He  accepts himself and those around him.  His delightful and scatter-brain  sister keeps trying to make life make sense and have it be structured.  She  represents us all.  We want things to be the way they should be, not as  they are.  Most of the other characters are doing the same.  They are  running about at a frenetic and frenzied pace trying to make life work,  while Elwood simply lets it happen.  The opening scene is one where Elwood  tears up a letter and instead connects with the real person giving it to  him.  Throughout the movie he connects with people on a real and human  level. He often smells the flowers----quite  a lesson for us all.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album proves they have the ability to evolve. I can't wait for the new one (if they ever get done with their lawsuit.) <br />I have listened to the album almost everyday since it's release! 9/98
6304145438|5.0|A beautiful story, well told through the vision of Frank Capra.  It is the story of a very typical middle-class man.  He lives in the future dreaming of what his life will be, not seeing what it is.  He lives for when life  will become his dream.  Then he is given a rare gift---a chance to see the  truth of his life through the open and loving heart of his guardian angel.  He then begins to understand that his true life was what was going on while  waiting for his life to start.  And, he gets to do this when there is still  a chance to change.  We all have this watershed event, albeit not all of us  see it.  The truth is always right in front of us, but it is very scary to  see.  So, like George Bailey we dream about what it should be and wait for  that to happen.  George opens himself to the truth and finds his true love  and happiness.  Would that we could all have such a wonderful life.
0792151712|5.0|Titanic was a wonerful movie. The acting was great (most of the time). They could have cut out the stuff(you know what I'm talking about). I saw it 6 times. Leo is a good actor and is pretty cute, but I don't know why  girls make such a big deal about him. That's why have the girls went. Just  to see him. But that's getting on another matter. It was a great movie.  Kate Winslet was excellent. I would recommend it to people 12 and over. I  know a girl who was 5 or 6 when she saw it. That's way too young. It does  have some inappropriate things in it.
B00000G3CK|5.0|This great black &amp; white movie by Darren Aronofsky is about a man, Max Cohen, who is obsessed with math.  He finds out a 216-digit number which seems to be the key to the complex pattern in stock market and in the  Torah.  People from the stock market and Jewish people then want to get  ahold of the number and even threaten Max's life for it.  This is a very  suspenseful movie completely centered on the presence of math everywhere in  nature.  Totally amazing!  Darren Aronofsky won best director 1998 at the  Sundance Film Festival for it, which he definitely deserved!
B000001FV3|3.0|Try skipping &quot;Dealer&quot; and &quot;Coloured Rain,&quot; and you may find yourself in a bonafide psychedelic rapture.  While the two songs i mention are not bad, they don't fit with the rest of the songs as i hear  them.  &quot;Dealer&quot; is too jaded and &quot;Coloured Rain&quot; is not  pulled off with the buoyant spirit that it needs.  &quot;Barkshire  Poppies&quot; and &quot;No Face No Name and No Number,&quot; polar  opposites in mood, stand right alongside &quot;Gimme Some Lovin'&quot; as  Steve Winwood masterworks.  All the Chris Wood songs are picturesque,  playful, and compelling, and the opening and closing tracks frame the  entire work with an uncanny sense of time and place.
B000004286|5.0|Like Mel Gibson's motion picture, James Horner's soundtrack composition is one of the best in recent time - a perfect match. The mood and tone of each passage is a spellbinding blend of instrumental sounds and human emotions.  No matter how often I listen, I never tire of hearing this recording. Few  composers have come close and none have equalled the engrossing spirit of  this music.
B00000DHTF|4.0|The music is, for the most part, wonderful.  My biggest problem is that it points out the tragedy of the fact that Bruce let it all slip away by ceasing to play with the E Street Band, with whom he did his best work.   Hopefully, he will pick back up with his old mates and do the same caliber  of work that he did in years past.
0800141326|3.0|After hearing that Godzilla was a big disappointment, I was hesitant to watch it.  The plot is timeworn, and in some places, slightly ridiculous; some of the actors are so stiff, you want to slap them; and you wonder how  the army can keep missing such a large creature.  I cringed as the city was  destroyed, wondering how many people were financially ruined for life.  The  ending was disappointing. How many movies have ended this way?  Surely, at  least once, we could get it right so that the bad thing/guy/being doesn't  return.  The special effects were excellent, and Reno managed to neither  overact nor underact his part--he was a pleasure to watch.  If you want to  see a movie with more to offer than good special effects and one good  actor, skip  Godzilla. (P.S.--my husband says he loves it; but then, he  likes lots of action, really doesn't care about plot, and loved the special  effects.  If you don't care about plot, love special effects and  destructive action, you will like Godzilla.)
B00000DGUG|5.0|I'm 42...my son's 15...turned me on to Alanis 3 years ago with JLP.  There isn't ONE PIECE on either of these cd's that I don't absolutely love! Some people say &quot;it's the same old crap&quot;.  Well, the thing is, if you  like Alanis, you like her...if you don't, you don't!  It's as simple as  that!  There's only one thing I'd like to do for her...take her CLOTHES  SHOPPING!  God, where does that girl shop???  On my list, she's only number  2 to my main number 1...ELTON JOHN!!!  I know; big difference, but variety  IS the spice of life!
6302994063|5.0|Do not miss this brilliantly executed comedy
6301976258|5.0|Ever since I saw it when i was ten I was suppressed under its magnificance.  6 yrs later here I am again thinking about buying it.  Bless AMC for showing it to me the first time for free.
0783228317|5.0|Watching the movie as you saw it when you read it is both a relief and a reward for Thompson fans. Depp has a doppleganging effect that erases his name from your mind as you  watch. Motion senistive camera work and  detailed direction compleate this movie. Thanks to Thompson who waited for  the right people to show us his world.
0385484518|5.0|Everyone should read this book. We could all learn a lesson or two from Morrie...and be much happier people if we follow his teachings.
B000003TA4|5.0|Of all the Nirvana albums, Nevermind is the only one in which every song is simply amazing.  Raw power, great lyrics by Cobain,  and amazing musicianship Cobain, Novoselic, and Grohl make this the most amazing album  I have ever heard.  Being too young to have been a fan when this album was  realesed, it was clearly the first Nirvana album that I should have bought.   Every song without exception is a hit on its own.  The album's songs range  in emotion over the entire spectrum.  &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;  is an excellent up-beat and fun song which transends to the youth of any  generation, while &quot;Something In the Way&quot; is heart-felt and sad.   My whole life I have been subject to all kinds of music and this single  album is greatest one.
1556154844|5.0|If you're a professional programmer, or aspire to be one, you need to read this book. It is the best guide to writing high-quality code available. It's not a book on how to use any particular language, but rather how to  design, implement, test and comment your code effectively in whatever  language you want to use. I learned more about practical programming from  this book than from any other I have ever read, and most chapters have  references for further reading which also lead to more valuable insights.  Buy this book - you won't be disappointed.
0380789019|5.0|The novel combines elements reminiscent of Alice through the looking glass and Dorothy trying to find her way home from Oz. An ordinary guy crosses into another world below London.  The London subway warning &quot;Mind the  Gap&quot;  takes on a whole new meaning--there are beings that reside in  the gap. The hero meets a band of wonderful characters as we travel through  the midnight world below London.  The ending is unexpected, but totally  satisfying. Even if you do not like gothic novels, but have ever been to  London, you will love this book!
6302878527|1.0|Yes, there is a bad Audrey Hepburn film and this is it.  This 1960's film tries way too hard be &quot;modern&quot; as it  looks at the trials and tribulations of married life.  It has no point of view beyond its  bell-bottomed, trendy cynicism. It has no wit, no human warmth.  Poor  Albert Finney plays a totally selfish oaf with no redeeming virtues nor  vices. Why the Hepburn character stays with him longer than 20 seconds puts  this film in the Mystery category.
B000005QH3|5.0|The ultimate car chase movie. Particularly revealing and far seeing, since it preceded the 55 mph speed limit by 4 years.Guy drives fast, doesn't hurt anyone, is somehow haunted by his past, but he's basically decent. Police  take it into their heads to stop him.Real speed scenes , not fabricated  fast-forward one-second takes of someone doing 35 mph. Beautiful car too,  Dodge Challenger. The original idea for the movie came from Cabrera  Infante, a Cuban writer.
B000001E18|5.0|This album may not deal with the emotional themes of Achtung Baby, but there is an incredible creative spirit to this album.  It was done very quickly, which makes me wonder if this album was closer to the heart of  what the band really is.  A beautiful mix of songs that will have you  laughing crying, and screaming all within an hours time.  But for an album  which can do this, it still possesses a very dark heart, which makes this  album of contradictions a bit more uncomfortable after 200 listens than  when when you sat back saying &quot;I can't believe this is U2....I can't  believe this is U2&quot;.  PS, in case you start think it isn't, listen to  Stay (Faraway So Close!).
0679722610|5.0|From the moment the book begins,with the reference to Hickey Dewey of Detroit who called his shirt a shoit and Personville Poisonville to the last words in the last chapter, this is probably the best book in ANY genre  of writing ive read. Even the chapter names are great. Theres enough gore  in it for the blood thirstiest reader and enough class for professors of  English literature. Read this and any current action novel will read like a  Mills &amp; Boon romance!
B000001DTM|5.0|Achtung Baby may seem like an incredibly flippant name for an album by anyone, especially U2, but the name and the accompanying tour for the album create a flashy surface for the casual radio listener to bounce off of and  only feel a small bit of the emotional blood and guts oozing out of the  music of this album.  It's been in my changer constantly for seven years  now and I never tire of it.  It perfectly captures the extreme emotional  alienation that has now spread to even our most intimate relationships.  A  must-hear, even for those of you who could never see yourself listening to  U2.
B000000FG8|5.0|You gotta get this man, it kicks @$$! Operation Ivy has inspired many bands, and they were and still are great. If you're into punk and don't own this album, this is something you sould really get. ALso if you've maybe  just discover punk, or just read something or heard something about  Operation Ivy, this is a good album for you too.
1878424114|5.0|This is the best book I've ever had the chance to read.  As hard as it is to follow: his &quot;laws&quot; of success, it will bring you happiness.  I suggest that everone buys this book, and reads its once a day; one chapter  for every day.  I love you all.
B000000993|5.0|This album has actually helped me through hard times. Every song on it means something to me both lyricaly and musicaly. deep, dark and real. not just a bunch of guitar solos and screaming. the songs are really visual.  like you're in a different place. This place isn't nessisarily good but  sure is interesting. Open you're minds and try it out.
067960085X|5.0|Reading Breakfast a Tiffany's is both a burden and also a privilege.  When ever I read a book and the charactres in it, I often times follows the person's action to understand what make this person tick, why does he do  what he did, why not this but that.  I been lucky at this task until this  book.  The main charactre, Holly Golightly is a true charactre, 'a real  phony', a charactre superficially is calm and gay, but deep down inside is  confussed and lonely. She is the kind of charactre that could make you  happy when you are sad and make you angry when you are happy!  The other  charactre, a nameless write in the city of New York. Like me, he is also  trying to understand  the downstair friend.  In my view, it was these  charactres that made the book great, made the book touching, made the book  a classic.  When one read it, they will find out that they could not put  the book down, and they will loathe Capote for not making the book longer.
6304466498|5.0|Witty dialog mixes with a classic spoof of the Star Wars Trilogy. This modern day film starring mel brooks, jeff pulman, rick moranis, and john candy will make you laugh till you die, we dare you to try it....  &quot;whats the matter colonal Sanders....CHICKEN?&quot; (quoted from film)
B000005S5N|4.0|The Weight of the Wind:  worth every penny of this CD.Scoundrel Days, I've Been Losing You, The Swing of Things, Looking for the Whales and Cry Wolf....program these in this order on your CD player, put it on repeat,  dim the lights and burn some incense.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|As a long-time fan of Phil Collins, I wholly recommend &quot;Hits&quot;. This CD is a terrific compilation of some of his best songs. <br />Personally, I have some favorites which do not appear on this album; but I think that  most people would be satisfied with his choices.<br />A nice touch is  &quot;True Colors&quot;. I think he does this song the justice that even  Cyndi Lauper would enjoy. (Dare I say, I like his version at least as much  as hers if not better.)<br />A special treat are the truly talented artists  which appear - Babyface, Eric Clapton, David Crosby, Peter Gabriel and  Sting, to name a few.<br />If you aren't fortunate enough to own all of Phil  Collins' albums, this is a good cross-section.<br />If had to give any  critism, it would be that there aren't enough songs. But then, are there  ever enough when you have someone as talented as Phil Collins?
6303534422|4.0|A Goofy Movie is a wonderful children's movie that focuses on a father-son relationship that seems to get lost in the generation gap.  It also sports a lesson to be learned in pretending to be what you are not as well as  lessons on lying and on trust.  Amidst these mainstreams, it is non-stop,  fun filled, Goofy song and dance with just the right amount of humor.  A  great video in the Disney tradition for all ages!
B00000DHTF|5.0|This is THE complete Springsteen collection from 1972-1995.  It jams, it rocks, it stirs the soul -- it wraps 14+ albums and EPs, with their 23 years of accompanying emotions, into one tight 4-CD set.  After getting  over the bliss of hearing the new songs, the best part of the collection is  identifying each song, based on what year it was recorded, to the album  that was released at that time.  &quot;Bishop Danced&quot; could have been  right between &quot;Incident on 57th Street&quot; and &quot;Rosalita&quot;  on The Wild, The Innocent And The E Street Shuffle.  &quot;Iceman&quot;  would have been perfect on Side One of Darkness On The Edge Of Town.  The  head-bopping party sound of &quot;Lion's Den&quot; would have been perfect  on the first album of The River.  &quot;Car Wash&quot; would have have been  perfect on Born In The U.S.A.  (The song from a woman's perspective is  strange but interesting, Bruce!)  &quot;Gave It A Name&quot; would have fit  well on Human Touch (but not really Lucky Town...)  And &quot;Brothers  Under The Bridge&quot; not only could have sat right after &quot;Sinaloa  Cowboys&quot; on The Ghost Of Tom Joad, but was a popular song on that  tour.  When I first opened the box, I started working through the songs,  just enjoying each in turn, until I hit song 15 of CD 2, the acoustic  version of &quot;Born In The U.S.A.&quot;  I had seen Bruce do it  acoustically on the Tom Joad tour, but hearing the track sounding just like  Nebraska, sent shivers down my spine.  I couldn't get past that song for  the rest of the day, listening to it over and over again.  And the same  reaction when I hit &quot;Brothers Under The Bridge.&quot;  All true  Springsteen fans, I'm sure, already have worn out their CD players with  Tracks.  I can only hope the radio stations and powers-that-be in the music  industry sit up and realize that Bruce, a shoe-in for the Rock N Roll Hall  of Fame, is still the most important musician/songwriter/storyteller of our  time.  I'M JUST A PRISONER OF THIS CD!
B00000DGUG|5.0|This is a self-portrait by Alanis Morisette. The original style and a complete disregard for conventional rhymes found in the pop music world calls for a `acquired taste' from her fans. On the other hand the sales of  this record is booming too. Bill-board charts say that she is at number 1  position for last two weeks, and incidentally the album entered the charts  two weeks ago. Hence the listeners have caught up her wavelength and Alanis  is here to stay for years to come. My favourite tracks are thank you, that  I would be good, one.
6301963717|5.0|This film, inspired by the Dashiell Hammett novel &quot;The Glass Key&quot;, the film of the same name, and Akira Kurosawa's &quot;Yojimbo&quot;, is a beautifully shot, intricately plotted, and  wonderfully acted piece of film noir art.  Gabriel Byrne, in his best role  ever, plays Tommy, the right hand man to Leo(Albert Finney, who's  terrific), the Irish head of organized crime in an unnamed city in the  1920's-1930's.  He finds himself caught between Leo and the head of an  Italian crime gang, Johnny Caspar, played by Jon Polito, in a gang war over  turf and a fight hustler named Bernie &quot;the Shmatta&quot; Bernbaum,  played by John Turturro.  To reveal more would be a crime in itself.  Catch  director Sam Raimi (Evil Dead 2, Darkman, A Simple Plan) playing a trigger  happy cop on a raid.  One of the best gangster films since &quot;The  Godfather.&quot;
B000006NPY|4.0|Needless to say, Adore was different.  It was ballad-ish...The Pumpkins are great with rock and ballads alike, but I like to see a mixture of the two.  If you are a TRUE Pumpkins fan you will enjoy this CD for what it is,  as I did.  If you just like the stuff like Bullet, X.Y.U., and Tales of a  Scorched Earth you will probably be disappointed.
B00000G3CK|5.0|Mathmatician, (Gullette) concludes that everything in the universe has a mathmatical pattern, and spends his days attempting to decode the pattern. Being chased by investment firms, eager to get the  code to predict the  stock market, Gullette attempts to finish his work. A thrilling movie that  really makes you wonder.
B000000WA4|5.0|The music is so deep.  The Pumpkins move me like no other band has ever been able to do.  There is not one bad song on Mellon Collie.  I would highly recommend it to anyone.
0393038912|1.0|IF GUNS AND GUNPOWDER WERE SO IMPORTANT FOR THE SUBJUGATION OF EUROPE, THEN HOW DID THE ROMANS DO IT WITHOUT THESE TOOLS 1000 YEARS EARLIER
0062502182|5.0|I was given this book as a gift, I was a confused teenager, usure of which way to look at life.  Unsure of who I was.  After reading this book I know have some reassurence that we are not alone.<br />The main character is  confused.  Omens all around him, unnoticed at first, until he is told to  look for them.  After he crosses a desert &quot;just because of a recurrent  dream&quot; he finds the soul of the world.  He watches all the aspects of  the soul work together until he finds his own, personal legond.  He sees  the pyramid.  He finds true love.<br />All this can be related to life today.  If you have a chance I highly recomend buying this book.  It will be one of  the best books you will ever read.
0385484518|1.0|This book is easy to read, and, at times, very funny.  However, it lacks depth, and was utterly disappointing in that regard.  The book, overall, left me wanting more.  I must agree with the review and comment from the  New York Times...This book simply fails to enlighten!!
B00000DGUG|4.0|I found Jagged Little Pill to be better, but not by much. This is a nice follow-up to her first album (first well-known, that is) in an age where so many artists release one Platinum album then disappear forever. If Jagged  Little Pill was a 10, this is an 8.
1564428117|5.0|halloween is far superior than any wannabe horror movie they come out with. the myth that is michael myers along with jc's spine tingling music. you can't beat it. it's been imitated left and right but it is untouchable.  the sequels are good but the first rules. you gotta love jamie lee.
B000001IPL|5.0|SMASH IS A GREAT ALBUM SOME OF THE BEST SONGS INCLUDE 'BAD HABBIT'COME OUT AND PLAY' AND 'SELF ESTEEM'
B00000DG1R|5.0|I had originally purchased the previous Duran Duran Greatest Hits collection entitled- Decade and  was somewhat disappointed with its content! This makes up for it tremendously! All the best songs are compiled  together on one superb collection! I personally feel that their two best  songs: &quot;Ordinary World&quot; and &quot;Save A Prayer&quot; are really  enhanced by this recording! I can't find a single weak song on this disc! A  superb collection by an &quot;art rock/pop rock&quot; group whose appeal is  based upon more than good looks, this group actually had  a tremendous  amount of talent!
6302491940|5.0|If you know what an Mini Cooper is then you need to get this movie. Even if you don't know what a Mini Cooper is, this is the best introduction to the essential British classic car. Enough said.
0783114222|5.0|This was the best documentary about the man and the journey to the Moon. Tom Hanks did it great.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|This is a wonderful, great-sounding CD. The songs are perfectly crafted and all bear Phil's unique style and musicianship. The tunes are all good (a few good ones are missing), but overall a perfectly balanced CD. My wife  loves it. And I love my wife ! Paul LeBoutillier, Rimouski (Quebec)
0679720200|3.0|First of all, I don't think Meursault is a human being. He is much better than a human being for his lack of consciousness, will and desire. These are the factors that make human beings suffer and commit crimes, and  reasons people are fear of death. Meursault doesn't. Although Meursault has  no love, humanity, he doesn't have hate, resentment either, which is the  worst, the most pathetic, evil emotion of human beings. The origin of the  murder is the resentment between the Arabian and Meursault's freind. They  are the people should be condemed. Meursault just serves as a medium.  Meursault himself has no intention to kill the person. The reason why he  made another four shots to the dead body is to show he's responsible for  his role. Moreover, he refuses to argue to beg for a life or lies to  himself to believe something he's not sure of, he takes everything quietly  instead. This makes me think he behaves like a Jesus, or, from an oriental  point of view - a Buddha. When Meursault takes the gun from his friend, it  gives me a feeling that he is saying, &quot;My friend, your resentment is  evil, you are the one who's guilty, but I'll bear it for you.&quot; Just  like a Buddha says, &quot;If I don't step into the Hell, how can the Hell  be empty?&quot; Anyway, a very good book to read. I suggest don't treat  Meursault as a human being. No human being can be as great as he is.
6305226296|5.0|This is the video that aired on HBO.  It is absolutely fabulous! If you are or ever were a Bee Gee fan you must absolutely have this video. It brings you back through the early years, through the disco era and up to  the current.  It is an absolute must for every fan!
0790729636|5.0|And I love it!  Forget the people that say the plot is insipid--plots of many blockbusters are, and yet they make tons of money.  Go figure.  Forget the people that say the movement of the tornadoes were unrealistic--are  these people meteorologists or storm chasers?  Have they even seen a  tornado first hand?  You have to watch the movie for yourself.  Helen Hunt  plays a storm-chaser with a passion.  Not just to understand the tornado  and create an advanced warning system, but to defeat an old enemy who  ripped her father away from her at a young age.  Bill Paxton plays her  husband who seeks to be her ex-husband so he can marry his new lady love,  start his new job, and get on with his new life.  Paxton gave up the  chasing game but, as you can imagine, gets sucked right back in when he  sees that his brainchild for studying the twister, Dorothy (aptly named),  has come to fruition.  His determination for this device to work binds him  to the chase.  A rival chaser (Cary Elwes), fueled by ambition to be the  first and hang on to his grants and sponsors, has copied Paxton's design.   Now it's a race to see who will succeed, and who will give up chasing  forever.
B000005RHR|5.0|Richard D James proves to me his genius with the way his music moves and evolves.  When you can hear how he uses subtle sounds and melodies to make a seemingly redundant over-melody glide and transform, you are taken to a  deeper level of listening.  In other words, even though the redundant  over-melodies don't change literaly, they *seem* to change because of the  way the subtle under-melodies interract with them.  It's like the  under-melodies become context to the over-melody that would normally hold  little meaning.  Another nice feature of this disc is the way it is  segmented.  The songs are independent from each other.  Listen to this on  headphones and while relaxing for maximum effect. If you fall asleep,  forget it, you missed the point.
0790731185|5.0|it was so great that it still give me a lot of spiritual energy. it shows that living with a hope is so important through one's life. if you've never seen it, just try it now!!!
1556154844|5.0|Profound and fun to read
0800141326|4.0|How any true Godzilla fan could hate this movie is beyond me. It delivers in many important ways, most notably the monster. Godzilla, as he is here, is perhapse the most impresive screen monster yet.  Yes the movie has its  problems. The acting is stale at times, the destruction could have been a  bit more wholesale, and I would be the last person on earth to complain if  Godzilla had had atomic breath. But at the same time the chase scenes are  intense, Godzilla's new look is great, Godzilla is also remarkably  intellegent, and the Babyzilla's provide a rational for Godzilla coming to  New York. All in all a darn good movie. And a damn fine Godzilla movie! The  best this genre has produced in over 50 years. Go, go Godzilla
B0000025ZB|5.0|The Wall and Point of no return,   great!!   What the heck happenned to Kansas anyway,  Steve Morse left I think...
630460291X|5.0|Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves was my first DVD experience on my home PC and brought cinema to a new level for me.  The video and sound quality were unbelievable.  The only annoying aspect of this DVD is that the user needs  to flip over the DVD during the middle of the movie.  The movie itself was  great!
B000001FK3|4.0|I'm actually reviewing the LP of this album I've listened to for at least 20 years.  J. J. Cale is in a class by himself, -- I never know where to look for him in the music store.  For me the sound of this album is a  soothing throw-back to easier (younger) days, when savoring time with  friends and taking things a little more slowly fit the pace of my life.   When I want respite now, or just to get juiced up, I cue up &quot;Crazy  Mama&quot; or &quot;After Midnight&quot; or any other of these long-time  favorites.  I'm delighted this has been re-released on CD (my record is  worn).
0800128052|5.0|This is a movie that every athlete can relate to.  The desire and heart of a young man can take him a long way. The pride felt in the end of this movie is something that every parent should experience!!!
6305095582|5.0|For the collector who has everythin.  This is the movie to have. although the Second one is simular there are enough plot twists and gags to make it worthwhile...A must see to believe..
B000005H40|5.0|FEW SESSIONS OF RECORDED JAZZ HAVE RISEN TO THIS LEVEL OF SUSTAINED ARTISTRY. TRUMPETER LEE MORGAN AND TROMBONIST CURTIS FULLER WERE INSPIRED, THEIR SOLOS ELABORATING ON TRANE'S WORK AND EACH OTHER'S IN ASTOUNDING  WAYS. YOU WILL NEVER HEAR A BETTER VERSION OF &quot;I'M OLD  FASHIONED.&quot; RECORDED BY THE MASTER, RUDY VAN GELDER. BEAUTIFUL! BUY  THIS DISC!
B0000028VT|5.0|The songs are slow enough to be relaxing, but they have that music that all Mariah's songs have to keep the songs sweet, interesting and fun to listen to! This is a pre Honey CD so if you want hip hop this is the wrong  cd for you, but otherwise it's a must have for all other Mariah fans!
0964385619|5.0|As a Business person and high school teacher I've found it perplexing as to how to explain to the present generation in our schools what is happening to the world of work and money.  The author makes it all so very  clear. Three of my senior business maths class have ordered the book - with  me having read a just a few paragraphs to them from it  - they say they  have learned more in the last few lessons about money than in their whole  school career so far. I wish some enlightened teacher had read it when I  was at school. Get it yourself and a copy for your school library.
B000009DUY|5.0|How does he do it? So many scores and so many good ones! This one is even better. It is fantastic. His best work yet. The music is so beautiful and so sad at the same time but also very powerful. Just like the movie itself  is. It is hard to imagine when you listen this score that it is from the  war movie. Hymn to the fallen is one of the most beautiful pieces of music  I've heard. My other favourite tracks are Revisiting Normandy and Omaha  Beach. Don't wait to buy this one or you'll be sorry.
0380018179|5.0|The Thorn Birds is one of my favorite books of all time. The forbidden love of Ralph and Meggie breaks one's heart as it inspires belief that love like their's is possible. The attention to detail is splendid. A must read.
0800141326|1.0|I would recommend watching the old GODZILLA movies 1st before watching this version of GODZILLA.  I mean this ingunia wannabe doesn't breathe fire even.  I found myself wishing I had rented one of the old GODZILLA movies  first. What I mean is the acting is poor espically the guy who plays the  mayor of NEW YORK in this movie. The guy acts like a total wimp when faced  with this 200 FT IGUNIA  I mean reallisticlly I found myself laughing at  him even when the actor potraying him tries to be serious.  Also MATTHEW'S  BRODERICK'S  acting is subpar at most as is his costars in this film.  So  all in all if you want a great movie, rent one of the old GODZILLA films   or ARMAGEDDON instead.
B00000DGUG|4.0|when i first hear this album i was sorta confused. what had happened to alanis? i could not understand her songs and this new weird sound.but as this was alanis,i kept listening and like it more and more.you have to MAKE  these songs your friends,they don't jump at you.but this will make you  appreciate them even more.it is very different from jagged little pill but  alanis dared the experiment and in my ears it worked.so if you like alanis  buy it.you might be dissappointed at the first listening but later you'll  love it.i swear.
B00000DHTF|5.0|...and it is embedded in Bruce Springsteen's past works.  Wow!  This box set is long overdue, especially for Springsteen loyalists.  The Columbia Records auditions are worth the price of the box set alone.  These songs  give us a glimpse of the depth and breadth of his musical talent, personal  influences and interests.  Although I do question a few of the selections  on the set (i.e. why is &quot;such-and-such&quot; song on here, but not  &quot;such-and-such?&quot;) and I do wish there were more selections from  the &quot;Darkness On the Edge of Town&quot; era, this is a must-have for  any Springsteen fan and student of rock and roll.
080019683X|5.0|I simply love this movie.The landscapes are beautiful,the actors are awesome(especially Anna). It's a heartwarming movie, but very exciting,too.(Even my brother was fascinated: 'this is a childrens movie-no  way!!!'.) Plus real funny bits.
1573225517|4.0|Definately one for the boys this one. I know a few men who Rob was so like in a number of ways. Thats not to say of course that being a woman I didn't enjoy this. Hornby has such a great writing style and wit that I did find  it hard not to laugh out loud at the absurdity the situations he got  himself and the musical snobbery. A book that is funny, honest and at times  touching and which I suspect, Mr Hornby, was fairly autobiographical. You  can't really ask for much more from a novel really can you?
6302794331|5.0|I love this movie and watch it like 5 times every year around christmas.It's worth it jst too see the amazing and cute dolls (  look at the mice family...oh those birds...look ast the singing grapes,the cat is  so cute...etc.,etc. Gonzo and Rizzo lead through the film in the most funny  and charming way. This is for laughter...I love the scene where Scrooge  throughs something st the bunny,haha. And I cry about Tiny Tim..... I will  not rest until I've watched this 1.000.000 times at least.<br />And this is  the best Muppets Movie ever!!!
B00000AFWW|5.0|This cd is great.  Every song is good.  This is the kind of cd you can play over and over again.  You will not be disappointed with this one.  This group is very talented and has an original sound.
B00000DFRS|5.0|With this amazing body of work compiled with the help of notable producers, Houston, shines like she has never before.  She sings pop, R&amp;B, with such depth and emotions. Notable tracks are,'I've learned  from the best, You'll Never Stand Alone, My Love is Your Love, Until you  Come Back, Oh Yes, and Heartbreak Hotel.' Her best work to date.
0684874350|5.0|I realize that an American classic should, at a minimum, be set in America, and, ideally, authored by an American writer. Angela's Ashes, however, is more American than anything I  have read in a long time. The  exploration of the social impact on the history of the United States of  childhoods like that of Frank's would make a great topic for a book...  Amazing book, NOT for the weak of heart. You should not read this book for  entertainment, but for enlightment....
0399143904|3.0|Tom Clancy's technical understanding and ability to translate the excitement of technology, if you will, provides interesting reading.  But the plot of this story was disappointingly bland.   RAINSBOW SIX is a  special secret unit formed to combat terrorist activities.  But through a  series of not-so-innocent Q &amp; A's and overlooked details becomes  not-so-secret very quickly.   A save-the-earth organizationof manic  mentality is manipulating the world terrorsism scene to divert attention  from its plan to use biological means to cleanse the earth of all but a  chosen few. A former Russion spy is on the payroll of the save-the-earth  organization until he discovers its ultimate aim, then jumps ship to inform  Rainbow Six of the pending biological catostrophe. The outcome, as I  mentioned earlier, is no surprise.
B00000DHR0|5.0|this cd is the most beautiful compilation of Christmas music i have ever heard as well as being probably the best celine has recorded.  i have every cd she has ever recorded since she was a child but this cd illustrates  musically her true feelings about home and family.   forget the grandiose  production numbers and let's get back to the pure celine!
1568493207|5.0|I've just re-read Pynchon's novel and, once again, I'm impressed. Its density is truly amazing. Like Oedipa, the reader gets lost within worlds of words trying to look beyond their meaning. <br />Pynchon's strategy (just  like the strategy of ominous Inverarity) seems to be to keep his victim  busy and paranoid. Being the paranoid reader I am (I hopelessly suspect  meaning behind every awkward phrase), I really enjoyed The Crying.  (And it  surely makes for easier reading than Gravities Rainbow...)
B000002KBU|5.0|I have to say, this album is my favorite of hers, and she's my favorite artist. I like &quot;Little Green&quot; with it's optimistic views, and &quot;Carey&quot;'s playful melody. Buy all means, buy this CD.
0440224764|5.0|full of suspence. Like all Grisham books it has a great surprize end
6302732778|5.0|This movie is my all-time favorite and I think the ending in director's cut version is much more interesting and thought provoking. The visuals are superb, this movie was made before computer era and special effects in it  rival the most expensive, computer-generated effects in today's movies. It  has an atmosphere that many tried to copy but very few succeeded. I've seen  it many times and each time I see it I discover new things. During my last  viewing I started contemplating it's religious points. It is a tragic story  of androids created by humans with a limited life span and made for human  (God?) purpose. Yes, they are violent, but that's how they were created.  They are not to blame; it's their creators who should be. If you just  watched this movie once you have to see it again. You'll discover many  hidden aspects that are not apparent during first viewing. It is a classic.
6303443192|5.0|Ohh Ohh Interview. What an incredible work of art this movie is. Tom Cruise is wonderful.. At one moment, charming, the next evil.. Brad Pitt plays Louis perfectly. And Kirsten Dunst is simply mesmerizing on the  screen. She is one of my favorite characters in this movie. It IS somewhat  graphic, but that's not what the movie is about. You will never forget this  movie.
630307362X|5.0|Maybe it is only because I play keyboards, or perhaps it is that the music I create is one of my few outlets for feeling that this film affected me as it has.  This is a dark, moody film.  The performance by Holly Hunter is  stunning (and she's not a bit flat-chested!) and the story is far deeper  than a dime store romance.  Ada speaks and emotes through her playing of  her piano.  This film shows the difference between an insensitive boor (her  husband) and an uneducated man who knows how to listen and to love.   Feminists will dislike that Ada is treated as possesion (common for the  era).  Male chauvinists will choke on the demonstrated need to not merely  use, but instead to understand and love a woman.  The idea of not being  able to express one's feelings should touch everyone.  (This review is  based upon the Laserdisk release of the film)
630438551X|4.0|I wasn't sure that the poetic language of Shakespeare could so easily be tranplanted in modern times.  Luckily, Baz proved me wrong.  This movie had so many stunning images.  It was made to hold your attention and it did  that job well.  Danes and DiCaprio are wonderful together.  Baz was true to  the story but added just enough to make us believe that it had happened  recently and not 300 years ago.  If only he would add his touch to all of  Shakespeare's work, then maybe more people would enjoy it.
0307001466|5.0|If this is the same little golden book read to me over 45 years ago, it is a dear, sweet book. I read my beat-up version of it to my own daughter about 17 years ago and we both loved it. It is inventive, playful, and  gives free rein to a child's wonderful imagination. Its delightful pictures  and rhymes have remained with me throughout my life -- memorable!!
6302732778|2.0|The DC of Blade Runner lacks the seedy 1940's PI tone that was set with Ford's voice overs. While the extra scenes developed the charcters more, the whole tone of the movie was silenced.  Ford's voice-overs made the the  movie for me, and without them, the moive is long, and just another sci-fi  film.
0783226160|5.0|I loved it! Belushi was a complete rogue, and the supporting staff was great. A true classic, and coming from someone who was in the Greek system, the similarities were scary. A must see!
B000002AK4|5.0|Ok, the Cd isn't cheap but the 20-bit mixing is excellent
6302424739|5.0|Truly one of the better movies I've seen.  Anthony Hopkins shines as the studious and serious bookseller.  Anne Bancroft is her wonderful loveable self as the not-quite-rich-enough to love old books script writer.  This  movie is a must see.
0449002632|4.0|As a lover of historical novels, I can say that this one makes the muddle of British history very clear. I loved it. It was very long, but well worth the read.
630307362X|1.0|The Piano was a film with good intentions gone wrong. Even at the height of the movie's plot, there was a certain mood that was lacking. There was the absence of any real depth. The sad thing is that you could feel them  trying. The idea itself is beautiful. Heartbreakingly so. Yet somehow,  through actions and words, the movie loses the grip on the strings that are  secured to the heart. It was disappointing altogether, with an ending that  matched the rest of the movie perfectly, it was lacking.
0399143904|5.0|After Sum of All Fears one did not know whether  Clancy would write another book about the Jack Ryan storyline. Then came Executive Orders, and at the end one was again asking the question if he could continue the  storyline. In Rainbow Six Clancy decides to give the reader a well deserved  break from Jack Ryan and focuses on Clark and Chavez. The anti terrorist  storyline works very well, although a little similar to OpCenter. He is  able to immerse you again into his universe and feel like you are in every  situation. One of his best books and I can't wait to see where the series  goes next.
0792837614|5.0|As a Puerto Rican, I am obviously aware of the resentment still harbored by many of my compatriots because of the negative image of Puerto Ricans allegedly presented by this film. Once upon a time, Puerto Rico to the rest  of the world (and the USA) was West Side Story. But with Ricky Martin  roaming the globe, several Miss Universe's, international salsa stars,  legendary baseball players, world class opera singers, NASA engineers,  etc., this one sided image has irrevocably been surpassed. (And besides,  both the whites and the Puerto Ricans are the &quot;bad guys&quot;, no gang  is shown to be &quot;gooder&quot; than the other.)  I, for one, love the  film per se. From the stunning opening (the whistle sends chills down my  spine), the jaw dropping choreography, the sets, which to me, capture the  seductive soul of New York, an impecable mix of realism and fantasy, to the  stirring score, definitely one of the best, most melodic and charismatic in  Musicals history, and the Romeo and Juliet plotline, adapted perfectly, a  poignant, sobering reminder of the power of heartfelt love and the poison  of intolerance. This is a great film.   I bristle a bit at the putdown of  our island in the &quot;America&quot; number (even though I know it's  satire) and at the confusion of having Puerto Ricans dance the mambo (a  distinctively Cuban rythm), when our own bouncy plena would have done. But  this caveats aside, I believe West Side Story is a masterpiece and feel   proud to be related to this jewel.
0156528207|5.0|This book is witten in simple english, but it has some meaning in it. It is suitable for all ages, really. If you're small, you can just read the story; if you're grown-up, you can taste the meaning.<br />By TS Choi, 13
B00000DLV1|5.0|I have never understood why bands would want to put out a live album.  After all the whole point is that live music has a certain quality that can never be replicated on tape or whatever.  This record only really serves as  a momento of the tour for Portishead fans such as myself.  I saw them in  Milan and it was a special evening for me and I love the CD.  However I  would not recommend the album to somebody new to the band as some of the  flaws in their live performance are a little too obvious.  The only  highlight, in my opinion, is the version of Sour times which is a well  executed heavy metal pastiche.  I would stick to the studio albums and if  you really want to hear the band experimenting buy the re-mix EP of Glory  Box/Sour Times on import.
0060925000|5.0|This is by far one of the best books I have ever read...I recommend to everyone.....a true masterpiece.  Every character is so believable....though a knowledge of India and its culture might be a great  advantage! Hope Seth comes out with a sequel
078062369X|5.0|Blade David S. Goyer has written yet another comic book based flick, Blade.  Some of his past works were Dark City (B) and Crow: City of Angels (B-).  All three of these movies were based on comic books and Goyer has  become accustomed to the style.  Blade was a comic-lovers dream movie.  It  had a vigilante who didn't hesitate when destroying the enemy, a very cool  villain who you almost want to win, and enough butt kicking to satisfy most  appetites for destruction.  Some may compare this movie to the Spawn movie  which came out recently.  Don't.  People who did like Spawn, will like  Blade, but it doesn't necessarily go both ways.  This movie is one that is  definitely worth seeing, if only for the opening sequence which beat out  the opening scene for Replacement Killers as #1 opening sequence.  (A-  Brandon)
0800141326|1.0|&quot;Godzilla&quot; is the worst of Hollywood come to staggeringly horrible life.  &quot;His Head is as Big as This Bus&quot;, &quot;His Tail is as Long as This Train&quot;.  Okay, well, &quot;The Plot is as Dumb as  This Box of Nails&quot; and &quot;The Leaps of Logic are as Big as Orson  Welles (during his later years)&quot;.  This is the most ridiculous, most  disappointing movie I have ever seen.  Not that &quot;StarGate&quot; and  &quot;Independence Day&quot; were works of art, but they were at least  mindless FUN.  There is not one scene in &quot;Godzilla&quot; that can say  the same.  No explanation is given why the over-grown iguana chooses New  York, never mind Madison Square Garden, in which to build a nest.  One  suspects that it is simply to allow Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich to  satiate their landmark-destroying fetish.  As for the other carnage, there  isn't much.  The original Godzilla seemed to relish wreaking havoc - this  new version is more content to burrow (yes, burrow) underneath the Big  Apple and run, for the most part, BETWEEN the buildings, like he's reliving  the Yankees' ticker tape parade.  The only time he really wrecks anything  is when the helicopters are chasing him.  At that point,you can't even  blame the big guy for taking down a skyscraper or two. Matthew Broderick  leads a cast that seems awed by the movie's level of mediocrity.  It's not  their fault, but they are all horrible (except for the always amazing Harry  Shearer).  In order to raise the level of this material, they would have  needed a Death Star's tractor beam (actually, three or four of them).  And  to make matters worse (believe it or not), half way through the film,  Godzilla disappears and &quot;Jurassic Park 3&quot; starts, as raptors, er,  I mean baby 'zillas chase our heroes (AND YOU CAN'T HELP BUT ROOT FOR THE  LITTLE BEASTIES).  Actually, now that I think about it, the whole flick is  a mish-mosh of better monster movies.  Godzilla snorts on our hero, just as  T-Rex did in &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;.  An egg-head scientist with girl  troubles saves the day (hello, &quot;Independence Day&quot;).  The  soundtrack of Godzilla's death scene mirrors the Jessica Lange remake of  &quot;King Kong&quot;.  Need I say more?  Actually, no, but I will anyway.   Mr.s Devlin and Emmerich, leave the sequel in the can.  Please.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I really liked Jagged little pill, and whilst not expecting simply 'more of the same', I at least expected something of interest. Unfortunately this album is very monotonous, nothing sticks out as particularly lively - all  the spark seems to be gone. Maybe Alanis is more at peace with herself, but  unfortunately her introspective musings don't make for very good listening.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I love this album.  SO what if a lot of the lines don't rhyme!!  It still rocks...just like we all knew it would.
0792151720|1.0|First, I just want to make it clear that how I feel about this movie has nothing to do with the actual events.  Any sadness i felt was based upon the reality of what happened, not any genius on the part of Cameron.  The  romantic &quot;subplot&quot; was completely without merit, and the acting  of the two leads was painful to watch.  Had the movie focused on the more  interesting (and I believe real person) Molly Brown well-played by Kathy  Bates, the movie would have been excellent.  Instead, I was forced to  endure the contrived romance between two completely fake characters.   Whether it was the script or the acting, I did not feel that Jack and Rose  were the least bit believable.  If you want tragedy, watch a documentary  and if you want romance you are better off with The Wedding Singer (now  that's romance)
0792153189|2.0|Morgan Freeman and Robert Duvall come out ok in this movie, but they can not make an overall bad movie much better. The only people that can really enjoy this movie are from the US, its far too patriotic.
0790735172|5.0|While some of the dialogue seems somewhat hokey, 25 years later, this movie still boasts some of the finest displays of martial arts skill seen on film.  Lee's spectacular fight with the guards in the subterranean  chambers is, in my humble opinion, the single greatest martial arts battle  ever filmed.  Bruce Lee's onscreen intensity and ferocity has never been  matched by anyone before or since.  Buy the widescreen version to get the  full impact of Bruce Lee's artistry.
6305169187|5.0|This movie was amazing from start to finish. Full of amazing actor's, great music and sound, and covers all category's (comedy, drama, suspense, etc...) A definite keeper for your video collection.
6302298695|5.0|This is my all time favorite movie. Very powerful story of the living that goes on in the neglected parts of society.
6303921248|5.0|I LOVE this movie!!  This version follows the novel so closely that it leaves you breathless!
B000002QWD|5.0|Like the majority of baby-boomers, I grew up listening to Bing's Christmas music and always looked forward to his holiday specials on tv.  Here with this collection Bing pulls out all the stops on traditional and secular  Christmas music; assisted on Silver Bells by Carole Richards and Jingle  Bells; Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town and Mele Kalikimaka by those wonderful  Andrews Sisters.  A great addition to any Christmas music collection to be  enjoyed for generations to come!
6300248569|3.0|This version of Pride &amp; Prejudice, although not as wonderful as the more recent version, has many perks.  This version is much shorter, cheaper, and compact.  It follows the novel very closely (although not  exactly) and gives a wonderful rendition of what the novel is all about.
6302732778|5.0|What can I say about BLADE RUNNER?  It is simple: IT IS A LYRICAL AND SOMEWHAT POETIC REVELATION OF THE NEXT CENTURY.  BEAUTIFUL.  I HAVE SEEN THE FUTURE ALREADY, AND THE YEAR IS 2019!
B000002BUY|5.0|I recomend everyone at this page buy this cd. Don't even think twice about it.  The cd has awesome guitar work like Korn, awesome jazz sounds, funk, and a tiny bit of electronica which just mixes it into a great cd! DJ Lyfe  is also awesome on this cd...I recomend buying incubuses first album which  is an ep with a great price from amazon.com...it is called enjoy incubus..
6304196938|5.0|Not only is this film well-executed in every detail, but it defines the action genre for the rest of the Century.  In a sense, this is the first Bond film, with all the action sequences, surprise cutaways and fabulous  style, women and cars.  Our hero is a middle-aged, but fabulous, batchelor  who is clearly a babe magnet.  The &quot;baddies&quot; are a new class of  ambiguous either-or characters, as well.  And Eva Marie Saint  as reformed  spy?  What could be better.<br />The transition from the urbane and urban Mr.  Thornhill to hunted animal in the Godforsaken Midwest presages James Bond  at his best.  <br />The role of Mr. Hermann's fine score is not to be  underestimated.  Rarely has background music defined the sense of risk and  tension the way it does in North by Northwest.  Again, the high standards  set by the film score may not have been matched even forty years  later.<br />Finally, this film demonstrates the versatility of Mr. Hitchcock's  creativity.  Stylistically, it has very little connection with the films  that preceeded or followed it; it stands on its own in a very impressive  life-long body of work by this director.
0441172717|5.0|If you haven't read this book do so NOW! The plot is exciting great characters.  It kept me up all night wanting to read more to find out the exciting outcome.
B000009RC2|5.0|When I first listened to this album back in 1971 I just couldn't quite understand what they were up to. Athough I had been playing the guitar a number of years already, the music was almost chaotic.I couldn't hear it  all...it just sort of sounded like mush. One night several weeks later  being in some kind of altered state my roomate threw the album on and all  of a sudden I thought &quot;WOW!! You can do that??&quot;. My world was  never the same after that. The members of this band ...John McLaughlin,  Jerry Goodman, Billy Cobham, Jan Hammer all went on to have fantastic  careers on their own as individuals. It still is one of the  great albums  after 27 years.
6303921248|5.0|Finally a movie that is as good as the book.  Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle are absolutely perfectly cast.  The content is as close to the written words as you could possibly get.  I let someone borrow it and I need to get  it back. I&quot;m starting to suffer withdrawal.
0780622642|3.0|Those looking for a re-creation of the original Lost in Space will be largely disappointed.  Many plot elements have been adopted from the first two episodes and the characters are recognizable to some degree, but this  movie is a product of the 90s, not the 60s.  William Hurt's daddy Robinson  is (surprise!) emotionally detached, but still just as dedicated to his  family.  Mimi Rogers' mommy Robinson is less gushy than June Lockhart's  version but is every bit as capable of standing her ground or handling a  lazar.  The charm of the piece is in Will Robinson and his robot and Penny  Robinson (Deep Space Captain) and her diary. Good for families (w/ kids 12  &amp; up).  The ubiquitous Gary Oldman's Dr. Smith is the calculating  monster of the earliest TV episodes and then some, and finds appropriate  moments to relive Zachary's most famous lines.  The environmental wipeout  premise is hokey and trite, as are some of the characterizations, but the  film also delivers in some surprising ways.  Enjoyable, but too scary for  small children.
630428540X|5.0|This is one of the best movies that I have ever seen.  It stars John Travolta, Krya Sedwick, Forrest Whittaker, and Robert Duvall.  It is about a man who, on his birthday, sees a bright light.  Suddenly he is able to  figure out things that confused him before.  His friends can't figure out  what is different about him, and they turn on him, calling him names and  shunning him in public.  Only his best friend, doctor and girlfriend stay  with him and believe in him.<br />This movie is a real tear jerker.  You can't  help but to like (or love) John Travolta's character!
0688052304|3.0|Mr. Pirsig has written a very thought-provoking book and I am glad his stand on quality and values (or the lack thereof in this society) was put into print.  As I continued to read, however (and I did read the whole  thing, by the way), his character became more and more scary.  I don't  think I would like to meet him because the picture in my mind was of  Reverend Jim (from the old tv series &quot;Taxi&quot;) but only more  bizarre and without a sense of humor.  The book became increasingly  ponderous and incoherent, sort of like the main character.  I would  recommend reading it, however, because it does contain some good ideas plus  you will know what people are talking about when they refer to this book.
B000003S5H|5.0|I'll be brief--it's an album of quality, entertaining pop.  Whether it's instrumental (like the best cut, &quot;Talisman&quot;) or contains vocals (like the most popular single and, frankly, the weakest cut on the album,  &quot;Sexy Boy&quot;), the songcraft and skills that went into _Moon  Safari_ can't be ignored.  This year's essential album.
0964385619|5.0|Mr. Kiyosaki has written a simple, easy-to-read text that delivers a sensible and sound approach to building financial security.  I liked the fact that he did not espouse greed and a &quot;win at all costs&quot;  attitude as so many other books of this genre advocate. A friend of mind  lent me this book and after reading it cover to cover in a couple of days,  I purchased my own copy.  I would highly recommend it to anyone.  You'll be  a wiser person for it!
0800141326|1.0|He doesn't look, sound or even behave like Godzilla!  So you have to ask, what's the point?  If they renamed this &quot;Jurassic Park 3:  Attack of the Giant Computer Generated Lizard&quot;, I suppose you could write this  off as mindless effects yuks.  There are much better ways to spend a couple  of hours.
0553212737|4.0|The divison of opinion on this page is interesting but probably not surprising. Emma is a book for serious readers and if you go in expecting an easy-to-read page turner, then stick to Danielle Steele. (It is beyond  depressing that two people who wrote reviews were somehow of the amazingly  ignorant opinion that Jane Austen ripped off Alicia Silverstone's  Clueless.....Rather difficult seeing as she was alive in the early 1800's  .....hmmm.) Emma takes patience but it's a rewarding read, with all the  complications, misunderstandings andbanality of your average soap opera yet  shining with Austen's trademark subtle wit and mordant intelligence which  has made this novel a classic.Books do require a little more time, effort  and thinking than sitting mindlessly in front of Alicia Silverstone, but  what you take away from the experience is a much wider understanding.
B00000DFSK|4.0|I am an avid fan of U2 and own all the LP's including most single CD's.  This Best of is not for me.  But...for those of you just discovering U2 for the first time, you must begin with this disc.  Then move on to each CD  itself.  The difference between U2 and the bands of today is that U2's best  songs were never released as singles or played much  on the radio.  You'll  find them all in the heart of each album and as B-sides to their singles.   Consider this a starter kit, then discover later, Boy, October, War and  Unforgettable Fire (their 4 best).
0670878006|3.0|This has to be one of the rare occurances where the movie actually surpasses the book. While there's no denying it was an incredible idea, particularly for 19 year old girl written so very long ago, I found the  language inpenetrable, repetitive and rather unsettling.Much of this book  is written in a philosophical tone and the reader is expected to wade  through page upon page of the internal workings of the central protagonist,  Victor Frankenstein. In spite  of this, I felt incredibly distanced from  him due the language used to describe his emotions.Nonetheless, the book's  themes are fascinating and insightful. It is basically a story of how a  man's arrogance and thirst for knowledge leads him to meddle with nature,  and what tragedy this causes both for him and the being he creates. The  idea was enough to captivate me and spur me on to finish the book; it  almost makes up for Mary Shelley's unlikeable style - but not quite.
B0000009TT|5.0|Seeing that much of the material on Lather has been previously released on four separate Zappa albums during the late 70's, this 3CD set can be viewed as more of a &quot;Best of Zappa 1976 - 1981&quot; rather than a complete  album, as it was intended to be.  Despite this, even if you do own those  four albums (&quot;Zappa In New York&quot; and the Warner Brothers  trilogy), it is well worth acquiring Lather for the monster that it is.<br />Alongside the previously released tracks, it contains alternate versions  of some favourites, as well as some unreleased gems, but it all comes  together as one big impressive whole.
0812548094|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  The further I got into the book, the harder it was to put down.  The ending was great in that it gave you a sense of completion even though we know there are books to follow. I'm listening to  TEMPLE OF THE WINDS on audio and  I'm anxious for the next book.
0670880728|5.0|Thirtysomething neurotic single woman - who no one would like to be like - is Bridget Jones.  Her year is nearly a disaster but at least it's funny for the readers.  No this book isn't deep but it is simple pleasure.  And  best of all it isn't about another woman trying to come to terms with her  relationship with her mother!!
6300184064|5.0|Most people will neither follow nor understand this movie. Not recommended for people with little emotional depth and understanding. Assuming you are good enough to watch this movie, you will find it incredibly brilliant and  haunting. Otherwise, you'll be wasting your time.
0788812807|5.0|Bought this because we loved it when we were young. Granddaughter (3 years old) watches it more than Barney!!! It is great for the whole family .
B00000DFRS|2.0|I have been a fan of Whitney Houston ever since her debut album back in the early 1980's.  The first time I heard her sing, I knew that God had truly blessed her with the most powerful and magical voice.  I have  purchased every soundtrack that has come out with her  and was amazed and  moved to tears at times at the sheer power and emotion she fueled into  every song.  Obviously I was very eager to hear her 1st non-soundtrack  album in 8 years.  Arista records proclaimed it was, &quot;Whitney like  you've never heard her before&quot;!   They were RIGHT about that. I could  not believe my ears upon hearing the 1st track, then each subsequent one to  follow.  There was none of the Whitney magic on this CD.  I could not feel  any emotion for these songs, with the only exceptions being &quot;Until You  Come Back&quot;, which is a beautiful ballad where Whitney does manage to  squeak out the one high note and the very end of the song,  and &quot;When  You Believe&quot;.  For the people who will say that Whitney has gone into  uncharted territory and is expanding musically, I say fine. My problem is  that the years of smoking, drinking and emotional turmoil have ravaged Ms.  Houston's voice.  The magic is no longer there.  I enjoyed, &quot;I Was  Made To Love Him&quot;, but any singer could have done this track.  The  most ridiculous song was &quot;In My Business&quot;, written by Missy  &quot;Misdemeanor&quot; Elliot who proclaims the word &quot;hore&quot; in  the songs a couple of times.  I am truly disappointed in &quot;My Love Is  Your Love&quot;, and felt that Whitney could have given her fans a much  better production.  There was none of Ms. Houston's signature style and  vocal acrobats that her fans have become accustomed to.  I never want to  hear Whitney like this again Arista!!!!!
B000002LOE|2.0|Now that we're all musing over 'Up!' and whether it's any good or not (and I think it's good), I decided to pop over to the 'Out of Time' review and acknowledge the most god-awful REM album to date. Ironically, it's not that  the songs are too bad, they just don't gel  AT ALL. There are some great  songs here - Me In Honey, Country Feedback, Texarkana, Belong, Half A World  Away, but REM should never be forgiven for three of the most annoying songs  of the nineites: Radio Song, Losing My Religion and Shiny Happy People.  Four if you include Near Wild Heaven (Da da da da da da da da da  yeah,  yeah). This was the first REM album I ever bought, and it took me 2 years  before I dared touch another. Then fortunately I bought the much maligned  IRS collection 'The Best Of' in 1993 and found something a whole lot  better. Has anybody noticed that 'Green' just gets better and better...?
B00000AFWW|5.0|Put aside all the analysis about Billy Corgan-influenced Hole vs. Kurt Cobain-influenced (written?) Hole, this is a GREAT ALBUM -- maybe the best of the year.  Listen to Malibu, Heaven Tonight, and Boys on the Radio -- if  these melodies don't carry you away to a better place, then you must be  dead!  Who says great art has to be mopey all the time? Maybe Courtney  should help Billy out with his next Smashing Pumpkins epic!
0792151712|1.0|This movie has NO stamina.  The first time I saw it, I cried.  I went to see it again, and I hated it.  If you've never seen it, watch it once.  But after that, be prepared to die of boredom.  THe first time it's a sad  romance.  The second time it's three hours of waiting for a ship to sink.   Sure, the special effects were magnificant, but the plot was more than a  little lacking.  Any movie is decent or good the first time.  A great movie  is one you can watch eack time and love it even more.  &quot;Titanic&quot;  is a one time fling.
B00000DHTF|5.0|I got the CDs yesterday and spent three hours listening to the first one.  There is one out of 15 or so tracks that is just ok.  The rest are incredible.  At one point I was holding my hands over my face and crying  and rocking back and forth, overwhelmed by the great heart in the center of  the music.  And no, I'm not a fifteen-year-old girl; I am a 42-year-old  Java developer and ex-carpenter.  I couldn't bring myself to listen to  another cd; like QuakeII on the toughest setting, I was afraid to go in.   There is an eight minute and 25 second track called Thundercrack that is  the equal of anything Bruce ever wrote and it's from 1973.  I have appended  Bruce to my short list of American genius where he stands with Thoreau,  Stein, and Pound.
B000002H97|5.0|SOLD MILLIONS OF COPYS I FEEL IT IS THE NUMBER ONE CD. IT HAS MY FAVORITE AND MANY OF MY FRIENDS FAVORITE SONGS ENTER SANDMAN ,SAD BUT TRUE AND THE UNFORGIVEN BEARLY BETTER THAN THE HEAVIEST ALBUM KILL EM ALL. NOT THERE  HEAVIEST ALBUM BUT IT IS THE BEST ALBUM I REALLY RECCOMEND BUYING IT. GREAT  ELECTRIC GUITAR, DRUM BEAT AND GREAT VOCALS. ALL 16 SONG ARE GREAT IF IT  HAD SANITARIUM (FROM MASTER OF PUPPETS)IT WOULD BE THE PERFECT ALBUM.
B000002KHF|5.0|One of the great Romantic albums... the only other that beats it is Sinatra's Nice-n-Easy.  Sexy but mature (now *that* word is a rarity when describing a rock albumc), these songs were written for Morrison's wife at  the time.  &quot;Into the Mystic&quot; is the sublime peak -- one of the  best songs of the last 30 years -- but the title cut and Caravan are also  incredible.  The whole album has a cohesiveness typical of the greatest  albums.
B00000DHR0|5.0|This is Celine's second Christmas album, the first being available to the United States. She shows her natural talent, style and grace with a flair only known to Celine. In another wonderful show, she gets the whole Dion  clan together to sing &quot;Feliz Navidad&quot; and you can hear the fun in  the song. She has tremendous scope and range shown in everyone of her  songs, and her upcoming sabbatical will deprive the world of the joy she  has given us for over 15 years.
B00000AFGM|4.0|I just stood there... looking at it. I was afraid to buy it. &quot;I wouldn't.&quot; My freinds said. &quot;Its Marylin Manson. Satan Worship and stuff.&quot; If I bought it could I walk in public again? Well, I was  in a really good mood so... I bought it. WOW. Its freaky, its fresh, its  awsome...BUY IT NOW.
0783228600|5.0|when i read what the other reviewer wrote, i had to write a different opinion. this movie is the book brought to life. it has word for word dialogue, great actors, and it's not afraid to show everything. it even got  the cocaine ring around johnny depp's nose. it also has parts that hunter  originally left out of the book, like the coconut smashing scene. this  movie is wonderful, simply wonderful. if you have the book, you should at  least see this movie once if not ten thousand times.
B000005RZ4|3.0|Curiosity killed the cat, The very best is a good album with lots of Duran Duran sound to the music. &quot;Misfit&quot; which is there biggest hit that went to #1 in the UK!
630330608X|5.0|In this magnificent recording, you can see how Glenn Gould, in a joyful and painful way, feels the sublime Bach's Goldberg Variations.  If you like Bach, if you enjoy the genuine feeling of an interpreter, enjoy this video.   It made me cry.
0553328255|5.0|This book is perfect for any collector of mystery or crime novels.  Its also nice to have so many of the Holmes stories in one place.
6302994063|5.0|With children watched video no fewer than 100 times -- all at once, in bits and pieces.  You know kids, once they get hooked... <br />Get the sound-track too and dance your way through the dishes at night.
0792151712|4.0|Visually, this movie was an absolute stunner.  The effects were marvelous - the little directorial touches, such as Victor Garber adjusting the clock on the stairs as the room falls apart around him, or the captain standing  on the silent bridge when the water suddenly gushes through.<br />I had  problems with the story, though.  The character of Jack, though beautifully  played by Leonardo DiCaprio, was not a REAL character - he was more like an  angel sent down from heaven whose sole purpose it was to show Rose the way  to redemption.<br />One of the MOST affecting scenes was Jack in the water,  knowing he was going to die from cardiac arrest any moment - Leonardo  played it so that you could actually see the icy sea sucking the life out  of him.<br />Jack was the perfect lover - great for a fantasy.  He was smart,  savvy, romantic - but in real life he would have been crude and filthy and  malodorous.  But beautiful performances all around.
6300181456|5.0|This is a great farce period piece that is very tongue in cheek. It's something kids of ALL ages can enjoy, has great music and fantastic performances. It's a family favorite.... buy it.
6305078564|5.0|THis is such a great story and so beautifully produced.  I watched the original broadcast on A&amp;E and am delighted to have my own DVD copy to enjoy again and again.
0060977493|3.0|This was not the best book I've ever read but it wasn't as bad as some of you made it out to be. For those of you who quit before you were half way through, try something on a lower reading level (and I don't mean that in a  bad way).
6305126062|4.0|I thought this was an excellent movie for the most part.  However, there were a couple of things that detracted from it.  1)There was too much of a picture of &quot;down on the farm&quot;.  I really wanted to see more of  the therapy for girl and horse.  2) I really didn't like the ending which  kind of left the movie with a loose end.  I haven't read the book, so I  don't know how true the movie is to the story.  Slow paced and not much  action. I would definately recommend this movie to anyone who likes drama  in general.
080013799X|5.0|..and after seeing the rest I still consider it my favorite.  You can see the influence this film had on spoofs such as Airplane and (regrettably) all the Leslie Neilsen Naked Gun flicks that came after.  This film,  however, has the distinction of being one of the best of the lot, and  certain scenes will stick to you like glue (personal fave's : The Coconut,  &quot;I'm not dead yet!&quot;, and Castle Anthrax).  As an English major  with a Medieval concentration, it was even funnier within the context of  the literature of the period (which as English majors and PhDs, the Python  boys were familiar with).  Give it a go..this one's a keeper. PS- As a girl  who likes Python, try it on your girlfriend.  You might be surprised at her  sense of humor.
B00000FCBC|3.0|It looks like a really good CD.  Im not too much on recuts but alot of the songs sound good in that typical Metallica style.  I have to admit though that I was not overly impressed with the video to &quot;Turn The  Page&quot;.   I will hold my reasons to myself so as to try not to seem  like a drag on the album.  Overall I am impressed with what I see so far.
6304383177|5.0|I just love Katherine Hepburn and Cary Grant, they have such wonderful chemistry together.  I have to admit, it's not quite as good as &quot;Holiday&quot; or &quot;The Philidophia Story,&quot; but it's got its  great moments that makes you die laughing.  Katherine always play the  strong-willed women that knows to go out and get it.  And Cary Grant simply  looks great, no matter what part he plays.  Together, they make wonderful  memoriable stories together.
0553212443|5.0|Could a book be more perfect than &quot;A Christmas Carol&quot;?  I don't think so.  It's a wonderful tale that everyone can relate to, with beautiful descriptions and a first rate plot.  I recently bought a nice,  new hardcover edition of the novel that I can keep for years, and rereading  some old passges, especially around this time of year, just warmed my soul.   &quot;A Christmas Carol&quot; is as much a part of Christmas as Christmas  trees.  I have read much Dickens, but of all his books I like this the  best.  He writes about Christmas like no other writer.  He captures the  very essence of the holiday.  Dickens was a truly brilliant man , and this  is his masterpiece.  Soon next month, as we get nearer the holiday, I'm  going to read it again.  It will be like visiting a dear old friend.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I honestly believe this album will go at least quadruple platinum. Of course, this is a backhanded compliment considering her Jagged Little Pill (an overrated, trite album that possessed all the ambition of a fence post)  CD somehow fooled close to 20 million consumers. Let's face it, Alanis is  the messiah for a flock of unoriginal, misinformed sheep who swallow  anything the media packages as long as it is sugar-coated and smooth. Now I  realize many will say Jagged Little Pill was far from palatable, that t  contained a much-needed edge that was missing from female rock. Give me a  freaking break!!! Why don't all of you Alanis backers pick up an album by  P.J. Harvey, Liz Phair, or L7. This is true angst rock without the whining  of a spoiled little Canuck who grew up on the set of a lame television show  and performed Debbie Gibson-like ditties during halftime of Canadian  football games. Yeah, that Alanis is a real champion of feminism. With that  said, let me tell you why her latest offering makes Jagged Little Pill  resemble Abbey Road. The first single, &quot;Thank U,&quot; is a paragon of  ineptitude. This sanctimonious whiner goes on a spiritual journey, very  trendy among rock stars, just ask the Beastie Boys, and feels she must  convey her religious awakening with the rest of the world. Well, we ain't  interested Alanis. Your pedantic ramblings throughout this album are only  equaled by your inability to carry a melody for more than three notes. Give  up, honey! I've listened to the entire album four times. It simply gets  worse and more boring. Please, do yourselves a favor and buy some real  angst rock. L7 sang on their latest CD &quot;Triple Platinum: The Beauty  Process&quot; that &quot;the masses are asses.&quot; Considering Alanis  Morissette is popular, L7 couldn't be more accurate.
0385486804|5.0|Being caught up in the day to day intricacies of society and concerned about trivialities, having the chance to read this book was a welcomed surreal escape.  Agree or not with McCandless' philosophy of life, the book  is a testament of courage and dreams.  To have the courage to live and  follow your dreams in spite of any obstacle is truly an inspirational and  educational tribute worthy of anyone who feels they are missing out on the  real pleasures of life.
B00000DFRS|1.0|Whitney Houston has such a loud and annoying voice!  How can anyone listen to her?!  Her songs are boring, and her voice is repulsive.  She's so loud, and what's worse is that after listening to one song, that loud voice has  already become annoying!  The only halfway-decent song on the entire album  is &quot;When You Believe (From 'The Prince of Egypt)&quot;, with Mariah  Carey.  Mariah Carey saves the song, but otherwise it's just as bad as the  rest of the songs on this album.  Whitney Houston's new CD, &quot;My Love  is Your Love&quot; is definitely for Whitney Houston fans ONLY, because if  you don't not like her already, this album will most certainly convince you  not to like her!
0788805843|5.0|Wow, Disney really did it.  they took the story of Jesus Christ and, by changing a couple names here and there, made it into an action-packed comedy for the whole family.  See the hero is the son of God, and he gets  sent to earth as a baby and grows up not knowing his father is God.  He  becomes a pious lad, helping people in need and even befriending a woman  who society has outcast for feeling free with her feminine wiles.   Meanwhile, the &quot;Lord of the Underworld&quot; is trying to stop our  hero by attempts to destroy and tempt him into changing sides.  Ultimately,  our hero must experience Death in order to ascend to Heaven and gain his  rightful place next to God and protect us all.  Sound familiar?  Well, one  thing's for sure . . . IT AIN'T THE STORY OF HERCULES!!!   But, as we all  know, that doesn't matter a wet slap to Disney!  Thank you Diney, for  destroying yet another well-loved story by changing every aspect of it  (including the enemies!) in order to make another  good-defeats-evil-by-killing-said-evil story. by the way, if you kill  Death, wouldn't that have serious consequences?<br />Phil!
6305127638|5.0|In spite of a few elements that don't fit well this is one of the best of the Star Trek Movies.  Patrick Stewart gives an excellent performance as do the rest of the &quot;crew&quot;.  The Borg stories were always some of the  best and this one gets deeper into the Borg than any of the series episodes  did.<br />The picture quality and sound are excellent, especially on the DVD  where the Dolby Digital 5.1 channel sound track is outstanding.  The DVD  uses the anamorphic widescreen format for the best possible resolution on a  16x9 widescreen TV and it is truly spectacular when displayed this way.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Totally invigorating.  Talk about making someone laugh and cry all in one scene The best motion picture to hit since Star Wars.
6304539282|5.0|These movies are the best. The have love, action, comdey, and sci-fi. They have cool good and bad guys. They have the best actors. The plot is cool using the FORCE and saving the galixy. They paved the way for the newer  movies. I am glad they redid the movies and am wating for the new movie to  come out. I LOVE STAR WARS
B00000F0I0|5.0|This is the best of the movies of the leather stocking tales. The story of the siege of Fort William Henry and subsequent massacre on the military road from Lake George NY to Fort Edward is true combined with the  fictionalized account of Hawheye (Nathanial Bumpers) Chingichkook and Uncas  as they attempt to rescue the two daughters of Col. Monroe. In truth both  of Col. Monroes daughters were killed at the fort and thrown down the fort  well along with the British payroll where they remain to this very day. The  fort reconstructed in the 1950's on its origional site is now a museam and  my favorite place to visit. Louis R. Coletti
157492589X|5.0|Lonesome Dove represents one of Television's best products.  The produces started with a very good story and manage to transform it in to a very good script.  The excellent script coupled with first-rate actors (Robert Duvall  is superb) and high production values resulted in hours of compelling  television, that is both intelligent (characters actually depth),  action-packed, and engrossing.  You don't find stuff like this on every  night.
6301942647|4.0|Dreams is beautiful visually.  It brings Japanese stories and rituals to life.  For those entranced by Japanese traditions and rituals and intrigued by cultural differences, each segment of this film will touch you and  challenge your perceptions.
0694009792|5.0|This is a great book for children all the way from infancy on up. They love it! A perfect bedtime story that can easily become a treasured tradition.
6304510861|5.0|Once you indulge into the world of david lynch, it is hard to come back from the reality of non essential life.<br />Lost Highway portrays the lack of control that every mind has over what reality exists inside this world,  inside the lost highways of our mind.<br />As pullman accurately points out,  &quot;I like to remember things my own way&quot;, that is, an icon to life,  it does not really matter who you are, what you encounter in life, as much  as how you decide to remember everything that comes about in life.<br />David  Lynch (Twin Peaks) has once again proved his worth as a director, as the  ambient of the movie, the darkness and feeling of the movie can really  involve and devour the attention of the viewer...
6305095574|5.0|I have seen this film several times and have to say it is necessary for all horror fans to see.  It is at the top of my movie list and if you've seen it, you'd agree.  Anchor Bay Entertainment has done an excellent job  restoring this film.  It looks and soulds great.  Includes the trailer  after the film.
B000002C4J|5.0|This cd is absolutely fabulous. I have listened to it a million times and I still love it. Celine is on her best when she can song love songs and she gets to your heart. When I hear her song love songs, I get goosebumps. And  not a lot of singers are doing that to me. She really has the greatest  voice  on this planet and makes me wonder how she does it. Simply the best.
630469797X|5.0|If you have made it to this review, you probably already know what this movie is all about.  In my opinion, this movie is the best of Romero's zombie trilogy though Night Of The Living Dead runs a close second.  The  DVD version is beautiful (as most DVD's are) with great clarity and color.   I wish some extras were included on the DVD but the movie itself is a  treat. The movie is presented in widescreen with the only extras being two  theatrical trailers.  This is a &quot;director's cut&quot; which seems to  me to mean a few scenes were extended.       I last saw Dawn of the Dead in  a theater about 15 years ago so my knowledge may be a little off.  The  early bug out scene with the rent a cops taking a boat down the river  (&quot;got any cigarettes?) has been significantly extended (and now makes  more sense).  The scene where Roger gets bitten has an additional very  gruesome image of a zombie pulling off his arm after a truck stops on it.        All in all, if you are a fan of this movie or this genre, this DVD is a  must own.
080013799X|5.0|I saw this film six times in a row sitting in the Outer Circle Theatre in DC (back when you could do that sort of thing).  There is a great scene in this film that explains the relationship between God and Man.  God appears  to Arthur and sends him on his quest.  When Arthur tells God that God has  had a good idea, God thunders. &quot;Of Course It's a Good Idea.&quot;   This line remains one of the funniest things I have ever heard.
0670880728|4.0|Don't take the book so seriously ... it's just some fluffy fun to read quickly.  I enjoyed it alot.  It's not &quot;great literature&quot; but neither is Stephen King and I enjoy his work too!
0767803434|5.0|Air Force One is the very first DVD that I viewed after setting up the viewing software on my PC.  I have to admit that I'm a Harrison Ford fan, and I'm not picky about looking for &quot;subtext&quot; or a deep message  within a film.  This is an action film, and it delivers, with the usual  fine performance from Harrison Ford, a reasonable performance from Glenn  Close, and a Gary Oldman-esque performance from Gary Oldman (those who've  seen The Fifth Element will know what I mean).<br />As a DVD demo, Air Force  One couldn't be better.  In widescreen mode, the video is rich in  detail--especially the night scenes, and my eyes kept panning back and  forth to try to drink it all in.  The effects are what you would expect,  and are rendered flawlessly on my Pentium II-350 w/8MB ATI Rage Pro video  card.  The MPEG decoding was in software, but the ATI board provides motion  correction; even the stills seen when I clicked &quot;pause&quot; didn't  suffer from hardware motion-blur or interlacing.<br />An unexpected bonus: all  of the firearms-handling was by-the-book:  finger OFF the trigger when not  actually shooting, good muzzle discipline, etc.  No child is going to learn  bad habits from *this* movie (certainly no young child should be watching  it anyway due to the graphic violent content), and it's very refreshing to  see, after the usual spate of know-nothing miseducation-through-idiocy that  comes out of Hollywood.<br />The Director's Commentary version of the film is  a nice feature.  Unfortunately, I had to have the disc back to the rental  store (as it was, it was a day late), so I didn't have time to watch it  very far.  The theater trailer is also on the disc, as are multilingual  subtitles and multiple choices for audio.  The sound quality is very good,  and pointed up the need for me to get better speakers for this setup (or  spring for a DVD player, appropriate--yet affordable--widescreen TV, and  better speakers for the living room).<br />At my earliest possible  convenience, I'll be buying this DVD.
6300215717|5.0|I'm not a romance fan, and I thought this was a great movie because of the ending.  I also liked the way that Hepburn's character doesn't act like so many female characters in older films - she doesn't flop on the bed and  weep like a child when something bad happens.  Eddie Albert does a good job  in a supporting role as the photographer helping Gregory Peck get the  story.
6305076626|5.0|This movie is hilarious!  The characters are great, especially Frank Furter and Magenta.  You can really see where Brad and Janet are coming from.  The unfortunate thing is that Meatloaf was miserably miscast as  Eddy, and that portion of the  film suffers for it.  The music is truly  timeless.  I love the &quot;mouth&quot; song, and all my friends and I love  to do &quot;The Time Warp&quot;.  Great fun.
6305169187|1.0|An insult to your intelligence. Put together a goup of madcap misfit underdogs. Throw them into space. Have them save the world. Watch their crazy anti-establishment antics in MTV video format!<br />Silly.<br />&quot;Deep  Impact&quot; is a better movie with the same subject matter in the  action/adventure genre.<br />But, oh, Armageddon is horrible.
6301934229|4.0|Hauer is terrifyingly convincing as John Ryder, the predatory Hitcher.  Sparky chemistry between Hauer and Howell, and Jennifer Jason Leigh is well cast as the young bored highway-cafe waitress caught up in the fright.   Terrific character acting, plenty of action, bloodshed and pyrotechnics.   Rutger Hauer fans will agree this is among his finest performances, along  with Blade Runner, Wanted Dead or Alive, and Surviving The Game.  A classic  fave for psycho thriller and blood-and-guts aficionados alike.
0671576089|2.0|I read this book because everyone I knew was raving about it. I had to force myself to read it. It was a heart-breaking story, but it was SO hard to endure the way in which the story was told. I found the style choppy and  completely lacking in flow. I had the feeling that the story was told from  a distant stance - which well may have been the case.
0385486804|1.0|I found the book and the person about whom the book is written to be moderately interesting some of the time and totally uninteresting most of the time.  Apparently, the writer agrees with me since he dedicated eleven  pages (pp. 134-144) in Chapter Thirteen to himself.  The book is a magazine  article that should have remained a magazine article.  The story may have  had enough &quot;stuff&quot; for an article but not for a book.  The writer  attempted, valiantly but unsuccessfully, to add substance to a story that  is neither meaningful nor significant.  Save the money.  Don't purchase the  book.  Just read the dust jacket.  Like some movie  previews, it is more  interesting than the complete story for which you are asked to pay.
630512065X|5.0|a wonderful movie the whole family should see &amp; if you like music youll love it
6304808038|5.0|When I first saw this movie I was an undergraduate student in San Jose.  My most brilliant friend, John, and I sat through this unbelievably clever film.  Then we sat at Marie Calender's Pie Shop for no less than 4 hours  discussing and arguing who did what to whom.  It is a masterpiece and I  disagree with Leonard M. - It is worth all 5 stars.  Wonderful.
B00000DC4A|3.0|I was looking forward to the album as a breakthrough ground for Bryan Adams, one of my favorite artists. In that respect, I was disappointed. He chooses not to mix his ballads with hard edged rock like in the past, but  takes a middle of the road course throughout the album. The result is a  piece that lacks the diversity that characterized his best work. The record  is pleasant to listen to, but after awhile it blends together into one  giant song.
0780620445|5.0|An amazing performance by Geoffrey Rush and an enthralling storyline makes this film on of the most effectivly thought provoking dramas of all time.
0553473050|5.0|Grisham does a superior job of telling how everyone can get the justice that they deserve.  A small town woman causes a large insurance company to go bankrupt.  This story is definitely worth reading, even if you aren't  too thrilled with lawyers these days.
0964385619|5.0|If you consider yourself middle class you must read this book.  It is what your parents should have and would have taught you if they had known.
0425129608|4.0|Why is everyone saying that this is such a horrible book?  I enjoyed the interesting plot and cleverness of this mystery.  The end was quite surprising.  Though this is not a classic, it is definitely worth reading.
B00000AFWW|4.0|While the style has moved closer to the middle of the rock world, Courtney Love and Hole, have another winner with this latest album.  &quot;Boys on the Radio&quot; and &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; prove once again that this  band can be edgy and catchy at the same time.  Nearly a five star effort.
0899663036|5.0|This book is one of the best books ever read.  I believe that Betty Smith wrote this story very much like her own life.  She may not have lived in Brooklyn, but she did live during the same time period.  I believe it  paralleled her own life.  What she wrote was fabulous.  Her uses of words  is wonderful.  She's one of my favorite authors now, and that says a  lot.This book is about the life of a tiny girl in Brooklyn.  She grows up  with her brother, mother, father, and a baby sister in the poor section of  Brooklyn.  She grows up very well.  She refuses to do badly in anything.   She has a spark for life, a zest for it.  She works hard to get the things  she wants, including going to a good school, elementary and college.  I  admire her perseverence.
6304675348|5.0|What is there to say about this movie other than it rocks. everyone is going to try and guess the killer and unless youve seen it you wont know who it is. I say Buy This Movie i own it i recommend it. The best way to  watch it with the lights off. Causion if you scare easy gather youre  freinds for support cause its A SCREAM BABY.
630469654X|4.0|This movie is great and one that can be watched over and over again. It is unfortunate that the DVD did not include any extras that would have made the movie even better. Seeing a young Mathew Broderick and Michelle Pfeifer  was a lot of fun. I didn't mind the fact that they couldn't hold an accent  (I actually preferred it that way).
0385484518|1.0|Mitch Albom has written a slim volume that has become nothing less than the &quot;Jonathan Livingston Seagull&quot; of the '90s -- a &quot;feel good&quot; book that you forget almost instantly after reading it.<br />Just  telling people that they should &quot;love or perish&quot; and that the  single-minded pursuit of success is wrong, isn't compelling. It's rather  like reading a book full of painfully obvious truths that somehow escaped  the writer ... until now.<br />Part of Morrie Schwartz's message is that Mitch  Albom needed to live his life according to the ethics he espoused. How does  Albom reconcile the fact that he didn't stay out on strike against the  Detroit Free Press in 1995, but crossed the picket line to reclaim his six  figure job, while others stayed out and lost homes and cars? <br />As the  Quakers say, it's the way you live your life, not your fancy words.
0780622553|5.0|I have now watched several sci-fi DVDs and have put this at the top of my list. The movie is a great sci-fi mystery that is full of surprises and unbelieveable scenes. The DVD has many extras that enhance the movie. If  you have a DVD, you must buy this movie.
0140544518|5.0|My gosh, I've never enjoyed reading to the kids so much.  I laughed out loud throughout the whole thing.  I only hope the kids enjoyed it as much as I did.  BUY this book for every kid you know!
B00000DFRS|5.0|I love this new album, I think it is one of the best ones she has done yet!! &quot;I Believe&quot; with Mariah is one of the best they have done together!! I hope she will continue to produce such great music as this!!
B000000WA4|5.0|I started listening to this cd late 1995 after my brother bought it from a tip from a friend. I only began listening to it while playing doom or marathon  and i didnt think too much of it - and indeed I didn't think I  was addicted to it - until I found myself listening to it around 4 hours a  day.. The ultimate rock album, every song on this album grows on you in  different ways, from popular rock songs like bullet, to lesser known gems  like love, this album doesnt let you go. Of course after around a year of  listening to nothing but mellon collie i began getting into gish, siamese  dream and pices iscariot. All these rockn' cd's blew my mind away, but I  always came back to mellon collie. Most people forget the emotional  rolercoaster that is mellon collie - they forget how it makes them feel -  but im sure this album will stay in everyones hearts forever.......
B00000DGUG|5.0|Well, I got her new cd the day it came out which was on the 3rd of this month. I would have to say that it was awesome, and I am glad that I got it! I hope that one day I can be sucessful as she, and that she will be  there when I am. A lot of what she wrote was exactly the way I felt, and  one of these days I'm gonna tell her in person.
6301871952|5.0|This sequel to the 1984 origenal is hilariouse! A great film for fans of the origenal and beond.  Great effects and great stars! a big big big A+!
B000001EAQ|1.0|I can't understand what people like about this disc. It has almost no redeeming qualities. If you're a U2 worshipper you will like this album, simply because you will force yourself to pretend it's good, even though  any clear minded listener will know that the opposite is true.
1564428117|5.0|One of the best horror/slasher films EVER made.  It was no wonder that for many years it was the highest grossing independent film of all time.  The cast is superb with an origenal storyline that has been copied, but never  touched.
B00000DMJF|5.0|While Garth Brooks makes his pathetic attempts to overtake the Beatles sales record, this CD shows us why the Fab Four's place in history is secure.  Classic doesn't begin to describe the tracks on this magnum opus.   From the opening sounds of a jet flying us Back to the USSR to closing with  Ringo serenading us to sleep via Goodnight, the Beatles prove themselves  masters of several genres.  As a historian, I can tell you we will never  see another group like the Beatles.  The White Album ranks as one of the  top 10 albums of all-time.
0792836502|5.0|Perhaps the finest western ever made, certainly the most fun to watch. A complex plot, with interesting and unexpected twists and turns, raises the movie  above the standard western fare. The movie is witty; I especially  enjoyed the opening, with its unusual and clever (but criminal)  money-making scheme. The score of the movie is fabulous. In all, a  memorable movie.
0783225733|5.0|This film has everything.  Emotion, drama, intellectualism, everything.  I still cry when I watch it which has to exceed 50 times!  And, the DVD is an exceptional example of what the format can do!  Outstanding video quality,  audio quality, and extras make this a slam-dunk must have.  Don't hesitate,  buy this one NOW!
0783114222|5.0|From the Earth to the Moon constituted the most gripping television I've ever seen. It was excellent in hitting the high points of the Apollo program and it was wonderful to see the rare movie in which Hollywood gets  NASA right (Apollo 13 was close, but contained many factual errors.  Armageddon wasn't even in the ballpark.). This series is an inspiration to  those who yearn to rise above the noise of everyday life and observe how  far our species can really go.
0062502174|5.0|I read The Alchemist about 5 months ago, and being so busy with my job and lots of other changes in my life, I haven't really had time to ponder the lifelong lessons that this story taught me, until yesterday when I  recommended this book to a friend.  <br />While I was giving a synopsis of the  story, a revelation came over me and I understood exactly what the book  meant to me.  The Alchemist tells the story of someone who follows their  dreams to reality, regardless of the consequences, building knowledge and  life experience along the way.   There was an ultimate goal to the shepherd  boy's quest...but what I learned was that this goal became less and less  important, as the experiences this boy gained through his quest were  priceless compared to the riches his ultimate goal would provide.<br />This  book made me realize that people get too comfortable in their surroundings,  and often sacrifice their own dreams and quests to fear of the unknown.    <br />The Alchemist addresses many important life issues in a children-like  story format, thereby allowing the reader to be comfortable and ponder  these deep issues as they relate to their own life.<br />Paulo Coelho does an  excellent job of evoking deep thought on a personal basis, with an innocent  yet powerful piece of literature.
B00000ADG2|3.0|Lauryn Hill is the next Stevie Wonder in my opinion.  Her songwriting is soulful and smart.  But her rapping, after listening to it for awhile, is irritating! I love Hip Hop, but I dont think that Lauryn has the voice for  it.  &quot;That Thing&quot; and &quot;Cant keep my eyes off of you&quot;  are my particular favorites, but after those two and a few others, I turn  the CD off.  I am one of the few reviewers on this page who wishes Lauryn  would stick to singin and leave the Hip Hop to someone who can really flow.
6304698798|5.0|There is a lot more here to appreciate than one might expect.  The civil war battle scenes are visually powerful and thought provoking. The prison camp scenes are painfully well presented (no pun intended).  The DVD  production is very well done.  This is the first time I had ever seen the  film in widescreen, and it is visually stunning.  The film is in quite good  condition, and the soundtrack is ok, but perhaps could have been enhanced.   I don't mind mono soundtracks when they are the original, but there isn't  much dynamic range.  The performances are first rate. This film is much  more than just a fine Clint Eastwood western. It is testimony to Sergio  Leone's depth of vision and great talent.
6305177473|5.0|I went to see this movie with two of my best friends, it was the best.  Great Acting by Lindsey!  She made it seem like there really were to people!  This is a great, must get video, don't miss out!!!!
6305169187|2.0|I felt utterly insulted by Armageddon. I am certainly no enemy to action movies (the Die Hard trilogy ranks up there as three of my favorites), but Armageddon is worse than brain-dead - it attempts to manipulate emotions  through the promise of credibility then betrays those very institutions  that it needed to put people in seats. I can forgive a movie that misses  some technical details but at least gets the spirit right of the  institutions it is portraying. Armageddon missed on both counts. There are  those who will say that it wasn't meant to be anything more than a  testosterone-laden action flick, but they are wrong. The Hollywood hype  machine promised a true event epic in which we would be made to care about  the impending end of the world. This caring would come from the premise  that we could really face this threat - and this is what we would do about  it. In other words, reality. The delivery, of course, was just more eye  candy. It was quite obvious to even the most casual observer that no  attempt was made for a realistic portrayel of NASA, the astronauts, the US  Government, or even the physical reality around us. The film tried to  capitalize off of saying, &quot;This could really happen!&quot; and then  lurched into a second half in which the events portrayed could never have  occurred. It used reality to get you to care, then discarded it when it  wasn't convenient. This movie was filmed like a two and a half hour music  video in which brawn wins over brains and the public is supposed to swallow  it. For space-related movies that don't assume you're a total idiot, see  Apollo 13 or From the Earth to the Moon.<br />I give it two stars because of  Billy-Bob Thornton, the fantastic effects work, and the fact that it was  still better than Broken Arrow and The Jackel.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I got the cd and she has changed her style abit but that is Whitney. Her voice is mellow and draws one into her sublime world. I was captivated by her voice and the lyrics combined especially for the songs  &quot;My love  is your love and &quot;When you believe&quot;
0767817478|3.0|This DVD was recommended by a friend who loved the DD soundtrack and the action.  My system has Dolby Surround, and that soundtrack is also excellent. The action never stops, and the special effects are well done.   This film is meant to be a popcorn type movie that entertains and is fun to  watch.  It succeeds well for that purpose.  It could have realized a  greater potential if there had been more originality.  Most of the special  effects are  just a re-do of things we've seen before, but there is so much  action, I didn't care.  The DVD is very well done, and has a very  interesting special feature with a voice-over soundtrack that explains how  the special effects were created. My subjective ratings of the following  explain my 3 star rating.  Better acting would have helped a great deal.   There were many attempts at humorous dialog which didn't quite work.  Special effects..**** Entertainment value..*** Originality..** Acting..*  Script..* DVD production.......****
6305177473|5.0|I love this video, it is butifly acted out and has charm and glee in it.  I would suggest you buy it the minute it comes out on video, you would die to see this movie.  Lindsey is the greatest, no body could have done it  better!!  It is about two girls (played by one), who reunite an summer  camp.  They switch places in a desprate atempt to reunite there long  divorced parents.  A comedy with a great romanti twist. This is great for  the whole family, a verrrrry funnnny rommmmantic movie that if you miss it  you will have to see it!!  My last words are-  G E T
0385333846|4.0|I actually read it a year ago, but I remember what a great book it was.  Of course, Kurt Vonnegut has an extrodinarily abstract mind, and it takes a similar person to follow this story.  If your one that likes  a traditional storyline with a start, middle, then end, then this is not  the book for you.  Instead this book jumps all over the place from pas,t to  present, to future, to alien worlds, to World War II, to a regular house.   I personally LOVED his interpretation of alien life and I think he does an  extrodinary job describing certain theorys that I previously thought were  inconceivable.  Kurt Vonnegut has a wonderful way with words and I  definatly recommend this book to the open-minded. -Tyler DeLisle
B00000DHTF|5.0|I screwed my courage to the sticking place and put on the second cd.  After the power of the first disc, I was disappointed.  There was a little of this and a little of that.  I reckon Bruce was as lost as the rest of us  in the 80's, wondering what to do with himself.  If you want to see where  the stinkin' eighties took him, stay for the last four songs.  &quot;Stolen  Car&quot; is a clear bright song set in a sad dark night.  Then you hear  &quot;Born in the USA&quot; sung just for Ronald Reagan.  Wrapping Bruce's  voice in their rough arms, Chuck and Jerry Lee help Bruce sing &quot;Johnny  Bye Bye.&quot;  And if &quot;Shut Out the Light&quot; doesn't cut your  heart out, you don't have one.  When this one comes clear, you can hardly  breathe.  Bruce Springsteen.  American genius.  The short list.  Five  Stars.
0060926317|5.0|Marlo Morgan's book is a vivid tale of a journey that we all can take with her as we travel through her book.  This is a book all women should read as we explore our own being and existence.  Morgan and the people she meets  can teach us all something.
080013558X|5.0|Some stiff-shirts miss the point.  This feel-good movie home is wonderful.  The music bring smiles. Carol Burnett always packs a chuckles.  SEE it with your kids, including the child in you!
B00000DMJF|5.0|We all know how great the White Album is, but it's a shame that the opportunity was missed here to put out the Mono and Stereo versions of  the album side by side. After all, it's the Mono version that the Beatles  authorised for release with it's vastly different 'Helter Skelter' et al.  This is still something that needs a re-issue on CD.....
0800128052|5.0|This movie is such a great inspiration to my adult students that I show it to motivate them to realize  they have the potential to achieve their dreams.  Through Rudy's trials and tribulations they learn that success is  attainable if one perseveres and continues to work towards the dream.  Many  of my students come with some of the same baggage (low self-esteem, poor  grades, learning disabilites, no family or teacher support) as Rudy but  soon learn that if they contine to try, they will someday succeed.  I've  probably seen it close to a dozen times, but still love the movie.
6305127646|5.0|In a cynical world, it's a joy to see that someone can still craft a fun, smart action film without endless strings of expletives and oceans of blood, while simultaneously avoiding the happy-happy-joy-joy cheesyness  that often results. The Saint is that film.<br />With a delightful performance  by Kilmer as the multi-personality-ed Simon Templar, and Elisabeth Shue as  a scientist who has perfected cold fusion, The Saint is part James Bond,  part Mission Impossible and all enjoyable.<br />Shue's character has developed  a stable matrix for acheiving cold fusion. Templar, played by Kilmer, is an  international thief who has been hired by a foreign power to steal the  secret to cold fusion from her. Telling much more would ruin much of the  fun in the story. Suffice to say that the thievery isn't as simple as  others have seemingly been for Templar, whose emotional involvement with  his target is only further complicated by his growing moral awareness of  his actions.<br />Of interest to families: While the content of The Saint is  largely of an adult nature, the entire film could be shown unedited on  network television. There is a complete lack of nudity and bad language  (save for a quick reference to a fatherless child-in the proper context, no  less), and though there are violent actions in the film, there is only one  death, and that occurs by accident. <br />The Saint offers a nice, taught  story peopled by interesting and relatively complex characters who don't  necessarily always do what you'd expect. It's a hard film to resist, and  one certainly worth adding to your permanent collection.
B0000042MY|5.0|I have never listened to any piece of music more often than the soundtrack from the Last of the Mohicans.  I have never felt so moved and so impressed.  My recommendation is to light some candles after a long day,  turn on the CD, relax and let it take you away.  It is breath taking and  beautiful.
6302787556|5.0|Malcom X is one of the best if not the best movie I've ever seen. I won't say it is the best because the plot was biographical and not original. The overall portrayal of Malcom X from class pres. to street hustler to convict  to political leader is as good as it gets. This  is my opinion of Malcom X  as a movie, but many times in society when focusing on Malcom X and his  ideas we tend to forget the evolution of  Malcom especially his spiritual  and eye opening experience during his pilgrimage to Mecca.  One can not  truly understand or appreciate Malcom until he understands his evolution.  There are many things to learn from brother Malcom: his charisma, his fiery  rhetoric, and his critical distance but the most important thing to learn  from him is his evolution.
0393316041|5.0|This book is extraordinarily funny, and not in a subtle or literary way.  Quite simply it will have you rolling on the floor as the Nobel-laureate tells of his stint playing the frigideira (a sort of inverted metal pot) in  a Brazilian school of Samba, of the time he was declared mentally unfit to  serve in the army because he insisted he could sometimes hear voices in his  head, or the time he serendipitoulsy pointed out a fatal flaw in the design  of an uranium enriching facility even though he couldn't tell whether the  symbols in the blueprints were valves or windows.  Whether the stories he  tells are all true or not, you have to admire Prof. Feynman's sheer  inventiveness and his unmatched talent as a narrator and a humorist.  A  word of caution, however:  a faithful movie adaptation of these memoirs  would not be rated PG.
6300216268|5.0|Are you happy?  Watch Harold and Maude. Are you sad?  Watch Harold and Maude. Watch Harold and Maude.
B00000DHTF|4.0|As a lifelong, diehard, and bootleg collecting Boss fan, I was very excited to add Tracks to my collection.  From the beginning to end, this album does a great job tracing Bruce Springsteen's development as a  songwriter and performer.  I especially like Bishop Danced, Seven Angels,  and Frankie.  A studio version of Thundercrack and the alternate Stolen Car  were also nice touches.  For me, as an educated fan of his music, it is  priceless. Only two downsides.  One is now my scratchy bootleg tapes are  obsolete.  And two, I was really looking forward to If I Was the Priest to  be released as part of the set.  Intial rumors had included this  Springsteen gem, but I guess he decided to keep it locked away.  Unfortunately, I think people like me are the only ones who will appreciate  the special uniqueness of the set.  It is pretty obvious that about half  these songs were not good enough to make Bruce's studio releases.  Songs  like Linda Let Me Be the One, Where the Bands Are, and  Lion's Den, while  interesting, are below his songwriting potential. Some of the selections  also sound very similar if you do not appreciate the scope of his writing.   He won't win any new fans with this music. That's sad, because everyone  needs to appreciate the genius of this great American rock-n-roll hero.
0887307280|5.0|Michael E. Gerber separates the &quot;business&quot; from the &quot;owner.&quot;  He spells out the components - Technician, Manager, Entrepreneur - and after recognizing yourself in all three you're on the  right track.
B000002NJS|5.0|I can't tell you how many times when I play this album, friends of mine who HATE Madonna will perk up their ears and say, &quot;Who's this?&quot;  I tell them and their eyebrows rise.  &quot;Really?!&quot;  Later, I find  that they've discreetly gotten over their snobbery and have purchased the  album.  It's also a testament that each of us likes the whole album, yet we  all have different favorites.  <br />The big surprise is that it works so well  as a whole (It's tracking is perfect - this is not just a singles  collection);  the album takes you on a journey that's full of real  emotional depth, beautiful sonic landscapes and gorgeous melodies.  Most  surprisingly, while there's a lot of hype about the &quot;new Madonna&quot;  - as if it were ALL about image - this is clearly the work of creative  people who have something to say and, working from an inspired palette,  have created something organic and powerful.  This is not your little  sister's Madonna - it's an adult album.<br />A lot of people like Madonna as a  &quot;guilty pleasure&quot; - a cheap thrill, or a groove you can't get out  of your head - but the truth is, with this album, she transcends even her  own baggage and all the cliches of the media's portrayal of her and  delivers a true masterpiece.  <br />If you like well-written songs, produced  intelligently and originally and tied together by sheer force of  personality, you will love this album.  I had a hard time believing the  album would live up to the hype, but it's that good.  Easily the best album  of 1998.
6305169187|1.0|Bored with this movie and I expected way better from Affleck and Willis. Would rather watch Independance Day, Men In Black, or the Star Wars trilogy, which were 100 times better.
B000002LQR|5.0|Blood Sugar Sex Magik is simply the best CD I've ever listened to.  It has a fresh mix of metal, alternative, punk, funk, with the best bass player in a while (Michael Balzary A.K.A. Flea) pumping out a stylish bass mix.  The  Red Hot Chili Peppers show their best work and show how many levels they  can work on with Blood Sugar Sex Magik.
0671891634|3.0|This book was written before internet stocks and online trading, so it's a little out of date.  Fundamentally though, Mr. Lynch correctly recommends investing in companies you know and have researched.
6303407188|5.0|Although the story is about famous Z-writer/director Edward D. Wood Jr. and his many mishaps while trying to become a well-received mainstream filmmaker, the heart of the story is the touching friendship between Ed and  Bela Lugosi.<br />Excellently acted, written, directed, photographed, and  scored, Tim Burton's ED WOOD is certainly the auteur's best, personal works  next to VINCENT and EDWARD SCISSORHANDS:  all the stories of misunderstood  outsiders.<br />Martin Landau's Oscar-Winning, scene stealing Bela Lugosi is  not to be missed:<br />PULL THE STRING!  PULL THE STRING!
0886461251|1.0|more of a modern day substance-less story... many charecter.. hard readering.  i could have summerized the point in a bout half a sentence
1558908455|4.0|One of the best films for the tough guy and heavy action.  Clooney and Tarantino are racing to mexico to excape the law and relax in a safe mexican pueblo.  The pick up a family to use their  RV to get accross the  boarder and to a bar called the Titty Twister.  Its for truck drivers and  bikers only, but later on they find out those aren't the only people there.   The club owner and workers all turn out to be vampires and start killing  everyone.  Clooney and the group battle the vampires with some interesting  inventions and save the day.  Not everybody survives, but lots of gun play  and exploding vampires.  Watch for the dance scene as one of the best on  film from Selma.
038533348X|5.0|i cant even begin to describe the greatness of this work.  how does he do it? im baffled.  this was the first book that i could not put down.  the easy, story line type reading (yet its filled w/ wonderful and witty  satire)made this book the perfect pick.  you will laugh, cry, and in the  end begin to wonder.....
6301934229|4.0|This film will keep you at the edge of your seat.  Hauer is just terrific as a very sick and twisted psycho killer.  Definately one of C. Thomas Howell's more meaningful roles.  Beware -- this film is not for the timid.
B00000DHTF|4.0|I've been a huge Bruce fan since 1975, and I've truly enjoyed this boxed set. While it does contain gems, they must be mined from ordinary ore.  Out of the 4 disks, first rate 'tracks' would fill one disk, average tracks  another two, and the just plain awful would fill the fourth.  This is a  very uneven work.  The first half of disk 3 is a revelation.  Half of disk  four is unlistenable.  I think the set reveals a number of truths:  first,  Bruce made the right decisions about what to leave off his albums.  Next,  Bruce and the E Street Band reached their rock and roll zenith between 1977  and 1984.  Since Bruce's marriage, his work has grown increasingly dour,  negative and pensive.  I know some folks love his Tom Joad stuff.  To each  his own.  I can't listen to the damn thing without falling asleep.   Finally, how can Bruce justify including junk like 'Mary Lou' and 'Car  Wash' while leaving off Cindy, County Fair and the live version of Incident  on 57th St?  He provides newly recorded &quot;Gave it a Name&quot;, while  omitting the stunning acoustic version of &quot;Promised Land&quot;  performed during the Tom Joad tour.  This set could have been so much  stronger.  For this reason I knock a star off, but it is still occupying  prime space in my CD player for a while to come.  I'll just be hitting the  skip button a lot.
0684800713|4.0|First of all, let me say this. This is a good book. I like it. But, If you haven't read any Hemingway before, don't make this your first!  I beg you! You will be prejudiced against all other Hemingway books.  Read The Old Man  and The Sea. Aside from that, get this book.  It really conveys that  &quot;lost generation&quot; feel like no other.
0783114222|5.0|This series took the authenticity, state of the art special effects and creative cinematic flair of Apollo 13 and expanded it to cover the entire Apollo Program. It is the series to own for all who are fascinated by NASA  and the moon landings.
630512065X|1.0|Every now and again, I forget what Cats is like, and I become curious to see it again.  Thankfully, this video came out and I had the opportunity to only spend 16 dollars on it as opposed to a 40 dollar theater ticket.   Bottom line, it's good to forget about this show.  It's not real musical  theater, it's a ton of insipid, cutesy schlock that represents the worst of  an amazing genre.  Do yourself a favor, if you want a musical theater  video, buy Into the Woods.  Leave Cats for the dogs.
6304167660|5.0|Very strong performances by Timothy Hutton and Uma Thurman with a very interesting introduction to Natale Portman. This a good &quot;slice of life&quot; look at growing up in a small town. This film is well worth  watching. A surprising find that very few people have seen.
B0000062GK|5.0|Very few albums (especially instrumental) can send shivers down my spine but this one did.  There isn't a weak track on the whole CD.  Joe is truly an ARTIST and not one of these Satch-wanna-bes who put out albums that are  nothing but scale exercises done at warp 9. (Vinne Moore comes to mind)   Satriani is (as always) an oasis in a wasteland of mainstream top 40 and  &quot;alternative&quot; drivel.
0060977493|3.0|The twins, at the epicenter of this piece, were lacking so much emotion and character that the surrounding mother, grandmother, and great aunt seemed to bleed into them. I did not empathize with them, but I felt pure  pain for the mother who had no chance to explore her mind or love in a  caste-ridden, chauvanistic society. The christianity of the family gave the  book a distinctly western flavor which I found incongruous with the rich  imagery associated with the river, the land, and the pickle factory.  Overall, I was intrigued but not drawn in, a fine beginning author's  attempt.
6300270432|4.0|The Yakuza is certainly worth watching as both film noir and a look at post-war Japan.  Mitchum and Ken, classic &quot;tough guys&quot; representing disparate cultures, form an unlikely &quot;buddy team&quot; in  what is ultimately an exploration of differences in the Western and  Japanese view of life and it's responsibilities.  Great writing by Paul  Schrader with Robert Towne doing the script doctoring.
6305166021|5.0|This is a real treat for anyone who loves Celtic music and the rhythm it produces in their hearts.  Stunning collection of young talent; pure joy is reflected in the smiles of the performers.  For those of us who love Lord  of the Dance and wanted more . . . . this is it.  For the children in Irish  Dance who can't keep their feet still, Michael Flatley gives them hope that  this is something they have a future in something they love.  So those of  you who can't think of a gift, here it is.  All you have to do is wrap it  up.  I loved it and it really left me wishing it weren't only two hours  long.
0316236535|5.0|As a Speech-Language Pathologist working with the birth to 3 yr old population, I don't leave home without this book.  Even children with almost no expressive language love this book.  They begin identifying body  parts and love to say &quot;And don't come back until I say so!&quot;  They  all start to &quot;read&quot; along with me and anticipate the ending.
B000002GIE|5.0|Pornograffittie was (and still is...) way out of my league if it comes to the guitar parts played by Nuno. &quot;Extreme&quot; is too much of a good thing. If you're a guitarist, this an essential CD. Don't try to copy the  riffs, just be amazed and humble.
6303972810|5.0|Excellent movie...I hope that all movies be like it.The story was fantastic and the special effects were incretible.I hope for a sequel.
0140143505|5.0|Who wouldn't love to have Helene Hanff as a pen-pal?  Witty, outspoken, caring . . . read the book, listen to the audio tape, watch the movie.  Immerse yourself in 84, Charing Cross.  You will emerge a better person.   Helene Hanff was one of a kind.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|I think that Offspring used to be good but they changed their style to be more popular.  If you want a real CD from this style of music Get Nofx, White Trash two heebs and a been.  Offspring was good until they went to  the new record label.  If you insist on being popular and getting an  Offspring Cd get SMASH.
6303920713|4.0|It was great! I really enjoyed it but If  there weren't so much bad language I would be a little more pleased.
6305169187|5.0|This movie mad me cry so hard!  I've only seen it three times and wish to see it many more!! If you haven't seen it yet SEE IT!!!!!!!!                       (P.S.-Thes soundtrack is great to.)
B000001FAK|5.0|I remember first listening to this on an old  beat-up cassette deck (my first!!) and it still sounded divine. This album and 'Conversations' by L. Subramanium and Stephane Grappelli are really worth writing home about!!
B00000DHTF|5.0|This shows what an amazingly prolific songwriter Bruce Springsteen is, and just adds to his legendary status as an artist.  Here are 66 songs, 56 of them never before released, which Bruce had basically just discarded, and  yet they are still better than almost any music being put out today!  Unbelievable! A lot of songs from this set are as good as, or better than,  songs that ended up on Springsteen albums, but he didn't feel they fit the  theme of the album.  It is great to have all those songs now in pristine  sound quality!!  If you like Springsteen, and how can you not, this set is  a must have!!!
6302227127|5.0|This movie is a classic that I grew up with. I remember watching it with the whole family. It is a must see for anyone who believes in Christmas and Angels.
6304346107|5.0|There are two versions of Austen's Emma available one with Kate Beckinsale and one with Gwyneth Paltrow. They are both very good, however the Beckinsale video is different in both script and cinematography.  It was  likely produced for the BBC and if you like their style of show I recommend  the tape.  Paltrow's Emma is excellently done and well acted and is video  is my favorite because of the wry comedy and wonderful cinematography. If  you like either of these video's or Austen's stories I recommend Emma  Thompson's Sense and Sensibility as well as the BBC/A&amp;E production of  Pride and Prejudice with Colin Firth.
B000001OAA|5.0|I LOVE THIS ALBUM!!!!  It's dark, seductive, sexy, angry all at the same time.  Beautiful layering of sounds.  Sexy female lead singer.  Very catchy hooks.  You'll sing along from the first song to the last.
B000003S0K|5.0|It's all about how you use music to your advantage.  Some use lyrics to provoke thought and mess with perseption.  Others use the actual music, either by augmenting familiar melodies or rhythms with new sounds, or by  creating completely different and new sounds using old familiar tools.   Well, Eno does it all here (and subsequently through out his career.)   Songs like &quot;Baby's On Fire&quot; and &quot;Blank Frank&quot; use very  familiar '50's pop tunes to lay the ground work for provokative, sometimes  frightening lyrics.  Then, songs like &quot;Needles In the Camel's  Eye&quot; are completely new creations, only hinted at before, and copied  numerous times today (but even then, only recently.)  Absolutely brilliant.   What's he mean by all of this?  Who knows and who really cares!  That's  the part that made glam glam.
B00000BKDV|5.0|There is no doubt in my mind that Piece Of Mind is  one of the best heavy metal albums of all time. When Clive Burr left Maiden he left pretty big shoes to fill, being voted third best drummer in the world. So be it Nicko  McBrain came in frome the french band &quot;Trust&quot; and filled thoes  shoes perfectly,with Maiden crashing into charts all over the world with  the release of Piece of Mind! There are so many classic tracks on this that  never really got any recognition. The only two tracks that were really  popular are Where Eagles Dare ,and The Trooper. There are so many other  great tunes on that track though, like To Tame a Land , Revelations , and  Still Life (I especially enjoyed Nicko's drunken message in Still Life).  Therefore there is no reason why this CD should not get a 5!-Kevin Newkirk  -11- Maryland
B000002UDB|5.0|No matter what anyone says, The Magical Mystery Tour is one of the best Beatles albums ever.  I am a teenage Beatles fan and I went out and got this album as soon as I heard it for the first time.  I Am The Walrus is a  great song...so is the theme...and Flying is great!  Dang it I love ALL the  songs!  The only thing better is Sgt. Pepper, but you gotta admit, Pepper  is hard to beat.  I saw the MMT movie and I thought it was boss.  I know it  got terrible reveiws when it came out, everyone knows the media was just  trying to push the Beatles down after their endless stream of hits.  Well,  go figure.  The Magical Mystery Tour truly has &quot;got everything you  need...satisfaction guaranteed!&quot;  So make your reservation now and  ROLL UP!
0800183428|5.0|Will Smith and Martin Lawerence have done a fanatastic job with this movie. It's a non-stop ride filled with wise cracks and Smith's usual comic appeal. A must see for any Will Smith fans. Enemy of the State, ranks up  there with this one, but lacks that extra &quot;pop&quot; added by Martin  Lawerence.
6305169187|5.0|While the thought of any new natural disaster movie may make you sick, this is one that you definately should not miss. The cast is unbelievable, and does a spectacular job. What's more, this is much more realistic than  any other new films coming out. Crew members die, along with the one of the  main characters. It keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time!  Don't hesitate to see it.
B000001FS6|4.0|U2's Rattle and Hum is a polyglot of material spanning their tour in support of The Joshua Tree in 1987 and 1988. It has some live cuts from the tour, plus some new material that is markedly different from what U2 had  done in the past.<br />With songs like Angel of Harlem, All I Want is You,  Love Rescue Me, and Hawkmoon 269, U2 explodes into new sounds which are  compelling and exciting. This is U2 at its absolute best. &quot;Angel of  Harlem&quot; is about as euphoric a song as you will hear, treating the  listener to a combination of soulful lyrics and strong brass. With previous  material on the disc like Pride (In The Name of Love) and I Still Haven't  Found What I'm Looking For, U2 gives new interpretations which are very  enjoyable.<br />The bad news is that some of the material just doesn't belong  on commercial release. &quot;Silver and Gold,&quot; is but one example of  something that should have found its way to the &quot;cutting room  floor.&quot; My advice is to get the disc, hear it for yourself, and decide  then. I highly recommend it to any U2 fan who still wishes that U2 had done  a little more with what they started with The Joshua Tree.
B00000DHRX|5.0|George Michael quite simply has one of the best voices I have ever heard.  It's incredible to hear someone sing with so much emotion.  This CD, with about 140 minutes of music, is a steal!
B000000W9Z|5.0|David Bowie has always been and continues to be an innovator in the music world.  This album is positively brilliant. If you skip past the segues (I find them unnecessary if not tedious) what you will hear is some classy  orchestration, fantastic vocals and lyrics to knock your socks off.   Particular favorites: I have not Been to Oxford Town, Thru These Architects  Eyes, and Strangers when We Meet. The eeriness, the moodiness, the full  body shiver comes from the material and the amazement that this man just  won't quit.
0449911357|5.0|Anyone who saw the movie and loved it, be prepared. The book is far superior to the movie and has even more likeable characters and interesting stories. <br />The relationship between generations made the book for me. An  elderly woman sharing her life experiences with a middle aged woman. A  story of the depression being told to a woman of the 80's. It made me laugh  and cry, and effectively captured the emotions of a woman's  heart.<br />Incidentally, for anyone interested, there IS a Whistle Stop Cafe  modeled after Fannie Flagg's in Juliette, GA.
B000002ARV|5.0|This album is unequalled in my mind. Listen and ask yourself, &quot;How could just three guys make so much articulate, teeth-gnashing rock?&quot;  Clear as a bell. Take particular note of the clean but snarling guitar in  the title track. It's just him and the bass player folks, filling every  second of that song. No electronic effects or fancy mixin' in the way of  this RocknRoll. When I first heard this album, I was in a band myself and  almost quit playing; the guitar riffs are that good. Thanks Johnny, in all  your trials, for putting out one of the cleanest, most unretouched rock and  roll offerings of all times. Let the present day &quot;rockers&quot; take  notice of this effects-less, down-in-the-dirt, honest-to-goodness rock  guitar playing legend. Then let them eat their hearts out.
B000002B7W|5.0|This is by far the best Ozzy live album released, (okay, he only has three, not counting Ozzfest). Randy Rhoads will always be one of the most influential guitarists in history. Just listen to his solo on this! It's  purely mindblowing. It makes any street guitarist who can shred the   fretboard look like Kurt Cobain (if you hate  Kurt Cobain, that is). The  album is basically the entire Blizzard of Ozz album, two DOAM tracks, and  three Sabbath tracks. This album is right  up their with Kiss' Alive! and  Iron Maiden's Life After Death. Even better, I think :) If you hate live  albums, after hearing this, you won't!
0553108034|4.0|Are sequels worth the wait ? Not usually , but in this case I am forced to make an exception . Despite the growing list of characters of less consequence , the development of the core characters continues . Call me  idealistic and a stickler for traditional black and white characters of  fantasy , but I would like to see just the one character who is just  dripping with the milk of human valour. As it is , most of the characters  revile me at least a little . Another troubling aspect was that many of the  books events are told in the form of passing news! I sometimes wanted to  skip chapters to read about the imminent battles only to be told the result  in the next chapter by means of a meesenger crow or something of the like.  I guess we need not be told the gruesome scenes of battle repeatedly but  hey , some of those events were critical! Nonetheless, sexually demonic  characters and missed scenes  or not, I still read the book in one hit.  Hopefully book three won't be a let down - it certainly does have promise.  Luv that Arya.
B00000FCBC|5.0|A five star rocking histography of the music that influenced and forged the powerful Metallica sound. Giving credit where credit is due, Garage Inc is Mettallica's vehicle for saying thanks to a number of bands, some known,  some unknown. Flat out this double CD Rocks! Disc I has the &quot;new&quot;  covers. It rocks in 90's Metallica fasion. Metallica sells out again? I  think not! It's called growth! Bright spots include, It's Electric,  Loverman, Tuesday's Gone and an incredible version of Bob Segar's Turn the  Page. Disc II smokes! Fast paced, loud and screeching, the sounds that made  Metallica. Check out track 8 &quot;Breadfan&quot; it is awesome. Garage  Inc. is a must for the true Metallica fan.
B000002IXS|5.0|She brings such feeling with her songs and such a range in her voice, it is just great to listen to her and become inspired. One does not even have to understand the language to feel the power in her songs. I listened to  her music many years ago on 33 1/3 records until I wore them out, and now  it is so nice to be able to purchase them on CDs and listen once again to  Mireille.
0792838769|4.0|Pierce Brosnan returns as 007 in the awesome &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies.&quot;  There is some insane action, and it is relentless.  A thrilling car chase in an auto garage, Bond and Bond girl Wai Lin's  heart-stopping mid-air escape down the side of a scyscraper, and a wild  helicopter-motorcycle chase across the rooftops of Saigon are among the  finest action sequences ever filmed.  The memorable title song is performed  admirably by sexy Sheryl Crow, though one wishes the song didn't have to be  cut for the titles sequence.  Michelle Yeoh is a lethal Bond girl, the  first to be truly an equal.  Jonathan Pryce(the guy from the car  commercials) is an excellent villain as Elliot Carver, and Gotz Otto  convincingly portrays his masochistic henchman, Stamper. While he is not in  Connery's class(who is?), Brosnan has what it takes to play Bond. Perhaps  more than any other actor to take up the role, Pierce Brosnan LOOKS like  Bond. Make no mistake, this movie is awesome.
6304504039|5.0|I first saw this movie not really wanting to see it.  By the end I was competely engrossed.  I had seen the play previously, and had enjoied it, but not to the extent of the movie.  Both Madonna and Antionio are superb!   If you like musicals, you'll love this one
6302824613|3.0|This 1967 spoof of Ian Fleming's novel, not to mention the film series itself, is entertaining overall, but is not without its problems.  Some scenes are utterly hilarious, while others leave you wondering,  &quot;What's the point?&quot;  David Niven, Orson Welles, Ursula Andress,  and Woody Allen head up the impressive cast.  The climax of the film is  insane, but entertaining nontheless.  It would be a travesty not to mention  Burt Bacharach's splendid score, including the Oscar-nominated &quot;The  Look of Love.&quot;  It's worth watching; the main hurdle is ignoring the  fact that the filmmakers wasted a great Ian Fleming thriller.
B000002G9S|5.0|Fire and Water brims with just that!The second side perhaps steals the show.Both Mr.Big &amp; Dont Say You Love Me,are show stoppers,but All Right Now says it all!!A definate top ten member!
0375751513|3.0|Picture of Dorian Gray was written by a man who was egocentric, socially polished and forever looking for the quiticential colloquialism. Notwithstanding, this book was a pleasure to read! It was easy to  understand and was smattered with references to events and literature which  were likely considered posh by English nobility in the mid-ninteenth  century (i.e. Shakespeare, Greek Mythology, etc.). As stated above, this  book is very reflective of the author in both spirit and style. I would  definately recommend this book to a beginner reader of the English  classics, due to its length and lack of confounding implicies which are  common for this type of literature.
1573226521|5.0|The Beach is that place we've all dreamed of retiring to, even at a young age, but never dared to because of the silly pressure of our daily life routine. But, the beach also faces us with the most amazing, yet real  aspects of human nature.  My list of favorite books include: Catcher in the  Rye(J.D.Salinger), The Stranger(Albert Camus), Trainspotting (Irvine  Welsh), No se lo digas a Nadie (Jaime Bayly)and Lo Peor de Todo (Ray  Loriga)but I never thought I'd find a book that could top them all... Today  I can say that THE BEACH is the best and MOST INSPIRING book I've ever read  in my entire life... MARIANA FUENTES (Caracas, Venezuela) B.F.A. New York  University
0792839129|4.0|This film never did get the credit it deserved.  The songs are instant favorites (despite what other reviewers might say about them).  Any child that liked the Wizard of Oz or Willie Wonka would love this film too.   <br />Dick Van Dyke is very entertaining as a mad inventor that creates a  magical car.  This film has some of the most unforgettable scenes in  cinema. This is the film that Grease (the movie) got it's closing scene from!! From the musical scene set in the candy factory, to the king of  Bulgaria's birthday party, your kids will be watching this one over and  over again.  And you'll find yourself sneaking peaks as well.<br />My advice?   Buy it today!
B000002JSP|2.0|This album was a dissapointment. Buy it only if you are a Zep fun. If not, prefer some of their older albums. The only songs that stand out are &quot;In the evening&quot; and &quot;All my love&quot;, there is nothing  else in this album. Even these 2 songs are mediocre for Zep.
0451169514|5.0|The best.  DANSE MACABRE is the theory, I think, of horror, and in IT King shows us his mastery of that theory in practice.  Just Awesome.  The suspense level is incredible, especially since we all fear for those kids  even though we KNOW they survived.  The imagery shows amazing mastery of  the both popular culture and the secret language of kids.  I can't believe  how much King's writing about kids hits all the right echoes and rings so  true about their experiences and fears.  He is indeed the master, and this  book is superb.  I think only THE SHINING chills me more.
6301963717|5.0|There isn't really any other movie that's captured me as much as Joel and Ethan Coen's Miller's Crossing.  This movie has it all -- an excellent script, great actors, love, romance, and struggle.  I've seen this movie at  least 7 times -  I limit myself to one time a year so that I don't get  tired of it and become insensitive to the its poetry. No other scene has  moved me as much as the one in which Bernie -- played by the great John  Turturro -- begs for his life at Miller's Crossing.  And Tom -- played by  Gabriel Byrne -- shows on his face the surfacing of his heart, maybe for  the first time in his life.  <br />A tribute to film noir, this dense film  about the workings of the human heart is to my mind one of the greatest  cinematic achievements ever.
0790739909|5.0|I saw City of Angels for the first time in the theatres, and I couldn't stop crying, which to me is a good indication of how awesome the movie is. I love Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan, but together, they're even better! The  story may sound weak if you just hear what it's about, but once you see the  actual movie, believe me, it's SO good! The soundtrack to this movie is  incredible as well, as an added bonus.
0064471837|5.0|I love this book! It's one of those rare stories you come by that realy makes you think! It has intricate carectors. It is a very touching book. I was crying at the end.
0804106304|5.0|Ms. Tan's control of point of view is truly remarkable.  Other authors write multiple viewpoint novels, and some of those Russian guys, Fyodor and Leo especially, are amazing.  But Tan does something here that really  deserves note.  She actually offers the interior monologues of seven  different characters and makes each of those voices distinct.  This is  really amazing.  Try it some time.  Try to use the first person perspective  to reveal just two or three--let alone seven!!!!--distinct voices, with  quirks and mannerisms and rhetorics of their own. And she doesn't just take  you into the different characters' heads, she also makes you cheer for them  in their conflicts every time, even when their interests conflict.  THAT  level of reader identification is hard enough to achieve without absolutely  demonizing the conventionalized &quot;villian&quot; of the piece, and her  ability to do it with so many characters is breathtaking and alone would  make this an awesome book.  The stories that illustrate the spirits she  wishes to show us (and celebrate) are compelling in and of themselves.  I  loved it, obviously.
B000002KHF|5.0|The opening chords of the title song take me back to high school when my friends and I had recently gotten our driver's licenses and were just getting out to explore the night.  This song played over and over in my  head.  There can be no more perfect chords than are assembled in this song  - I love the piano/sax solo/interplay in the middle.  The rest of the album  ain't shabby, either.  All of it is a grand, mystical journey that really  isn't complete unless you listen to the entire work at one time.  Close  your eyes and drift into the picture he paints.  This is a great album.
B00000DFRS|5.0|Easily one of the best R&amp;B album of 1998. Although this album lacks of sappy ballad,it has many great tracks produced by new wave producers (Wyclef Jean , Missy Elliot, Lauren Hill,Rodney Jerkins). If you expect  song like &quot;I will always love you&quot;, you will be disappointed.  This  is the most artistic album of her career.
B000001E3V|5.0|History; plain and simple. I don't recall Duane being here at this concert; it's said that this is the first recording of EC playing slide; kinda rough; but it's honest! no ego the size of Manhatten here! EC lets  the misteaks show too! Anybody know what amp he used? Great Wah work!  Wonderful leslie on the organ! The tone master at work! Great Guitar!  EC  NUTS; you gotta have this!
0792152328|2.0|This movie is an outrage!!!!!!!!!  Bad lines, stupid actors and gory love sceans.  If you have bad taste for movies, go see this one!!
0788811355|2.0|I kept looking at my watch.  I kept thinking, &quot;this seems like a good time for the movie to end.&quot;  But it didn't.  Like the Energizer Bunny, it kept on and on.  I tried to like it, really I did, but I found it to be  pretentious fluff, lengthy at that.  It simply took too long to get to  whatever was supposed to be the point.  As I left the theatre, I just knew  the critics were going to love it.
0783225199|5.0|I first saw this film when I was 5 even now 15 years later I still rate it as one of my favourite films of all time.  The film is full with classic lines and cool songs.  It inspired a generation to return to such blues  legends as James Brown and Arethra Franklin.  Landis said that if his film  achieved little more it rejuvenated these and other artists careers, which  was achievement enough.  The Blues Brothers themselves, Dan Ackroyd and  John Belushi were far from a polished act, but their sheer love for the  music shine through and lift their performances above artists with superior  vocal and intrumental skill.  It features probably the largest car crash in  any movie ever which is fun to say the least.  The movie is touched now by  a hint of sadness, at the loss of the great John Belushi.  A great comedian  and a sad loss from a drugs overdose.  Fans should take the opportunity to  watch him on his best form.  If you like the music from this film you  should check out the other Blues Brothers albums which are genuine cult  classics in there own right.
B00000DGUG|4.0|She said she couldn't wait for Morissette's next album. I told her that the Jagged Little Pill was too good -- JLP was an excellent album and it's hard for wonderous Alanis to match it, let alone surpass it. My girlfriend  got disappointed when she first listened to it. That same thing happened  when she listened to JLP. But we liked at (loved it) after that. The same  applies for this one. You won't like it at first, but you will later on  (surely!).
0790730960|5.0|What are these professional reviewers thinking? Of all of the Batman films, this one had the best character development, stongest visual style, and most complex emotions.  You do feel bad for the Penguin at the end...at  that is good, because he it not totally evil...  And Michele was  perfect.<br />If you want mainstream hype this is not the film for you.  If  you want a film where Burton dares to be an artist, this one needs to be in  your DVD library.  Perfect film during the holidays.  (Film set at  Chirstmas time)
6304613199|1.0|If I were Michael Crichton, I would have disassociated myself from this loser.  The movie bore only a slight resemblance to the book.  One of the main characters in the movie doesn't even appear in the book.  The two kids  in the book don't appear in the movie; instead one of the kids becomes Jeff  Goldblum's daughter.  What was the point?  The screenplay stunk.  And a  T-Rex rampaging throught the streets of San Diego like Godzilla?  I know  Spielberg did part of it for laughs (showing the Japanese tourists running  for their lives), but this movie, with its sledgehammer style and weak  plot, was nothing but a big sell out.  Mr. Crichton, how could you let them  do this to you?  You have so much talent!  And Mr. Spielberg, how could you  take such a dive?
6305169187|5.0|Best movie of the summer I recommend seeing it at least 5 times. Bettter than GODZILLA and DEEP IMPACT combined.  Get ready for the wildest ride of your life. Bruce Willis is awsome as are the special effects in this film  they keep you on the edge of your seat as to what will happen next.  I  recommend this movie to anyone.
6304539258|5.0|When this movie first appeared, I didn't want to see it.  The lines were too long, it sounded silly, etc., etc.  When I finally got dragged to the theatre, I was wowed.  I went back again and again, and if there was only  one movie I could save, this would be it.  Not because it is good at any  one particular thing, but because it is the complete entertaining movie.   It dazzles and awes, especially considering it was made over 20 years ago.   I always wanted to be the Hans Solo character but my friends told me I was  more like Luke Skywalker... at least it was better than my other friend who  was likened to R2D2.  Anyway, this is the greatest of the triolgy, the  greatest sci-fi, the one I'd take with me to the island.
0201633612|5.0|There are two types of programmers in the world--those that hack their way through problems and those that create works of beauty.  Buying &quot;How To&quot; books and language references will teach you how to write the  syntax to solve the problem; this book will take you to the next step of  actually crafting a solution.<br />It's not for beginners, though.  You should  be a seasoned hack  before attempting this material.  Even with 12 years  experience, I'm still struggling with some concepts.  C++ and/or Smalltalk  experience is a plus since they are used for the examples.<br />If you're sick  of being 'just a programmer', buy it.  You won't be sorry.
0783114222|5.0|I first saw a few episodes of this miniseries on a 6&quot; LCD screen on a couple of transatlantic United Airlines flights. Even on the tiny screen, I was really MOVED by it--the heroism of the characters and the sheer  excitement of the whole thing. It impressed me enough that I wanted to see  the rest of the episodes, and own the entire series on DVD. Although I had  read about this when it first came out on HBO, it wasn't the documentary I  expected. It's like a true-to-life retelling of the stories we are all  familiar with--like you've seen them, but never seen them before.<br />The  quality of the translation to DVD is equally impressive. The menus are  animated and have this low-pitched pseudo-rocket engine rumble that shakes  my house. Even though it was initially produced for TV, the image quality  is high and bright. The colors are luminous. The Dolby Digital soundtrack  is excellent. The extras on the fourth disk are well worth having--a couple  of features on the making of the series and the special effects. All of the  very creative promos HBO used to adverise it, and a bunch of DVD-ROM stuff  I haven't been able to use.<br />It may be expensive, but it's well worth the  money!
6304913176|1.0|This sci-fi (I use that term because this truly is garbage.) B movie is fun to laugh at, but it is a horrible movie in its own right. Bad actors, nordic looking Argentinians, goofy plot, annoying characters, sophomoric  humor, moronic..... well it just goes on like that. I could see saying it  is a fun brainless movie, but not that it is great.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I give MetallicA 5 stars, because all the covers + new ones are on the 2 disc set.  BUY IT TODAY YOU WILL THINK ME LATER.
B000002549|5.0|Everything this Brooklyn born songbird sings is a classic! This woman can take Barry Gibb and make him sound good -- imagine what she does for the classical composers here! She's a national -- nay, an international  treasure -- and this disc features at her all time best!
B00000DHTF|5.0|The pleasure of these songs.  Bruce fills these songs, missing no more chances.  He fills up &quot;This Hard Land&quot; with the brush of a kiss.  He fills &quot;Frankie&quot; with the driving sway of the music.  He fills  it all with intelligence and joy.  Look at this guy: We're all swimming  upstream like salmon.  We all have our glory days young.  We do our best  work wet behind the ears.  Same with Bruce--go back and listen to the first  cd.  Then we run out of guts and float belly-up back to sea.  Not Bruce.   He swims on upstream through this cd, burning on against the current that  puts out all our fires.  And besting his best works.  Listen to  &quot;Rockaway the Days&quot;--how is this so much with so little?  And in  &quot;When You Need Me&quot;, how does he fit more and more into what  begins so simply?  Two big mysteries near the end:  At the end of &quot;The  Honeymooners&quot;, how does the musc swallow you like that, like the sea  swallows a man tied to a piano?  And in &quot;The Wish&quot;, how does the  red guitar linger so bright?
B000002OQT|5.0|Beautiful arrangement of music that will move you from the very cor eof your being. The clear and crisps sounds are haunting and truly unique. The variation on a theme by Paginin is inspiring.<br />You must own this cd in the  Gold format.
6305177473|5.0|I haven't laughed so much in a long time.  If you are in a down mood this movie will definetly lift your spirits.  I thought all the actors did a wonderful job.  Lindsay did a good job in playing two roles.  I liked this  version of Parent Trap much better than the earlier version in the 1960's.   I saw this movie twice by myself and once with my wife. If you get a chance  to see this movie don't pass it up.
6300270424|5.0|Being a Zeppelin lover, this is a great movie to watch for me. It has a bunch of live performances from Madison Square Garden and some revealing segments about all four band members. Also, Bonzo has a great 12 minute  rendition of &quot;Moby Dick.&quot; If you're a music or Led Zeppelin  lover, this is a must see film. The only minus of this film is the  backstage language, its pretty graphic.
0964385619|5.0|Recently I went to a convention where this book was being promoted.  Rich Dad Poor Dad opened my eyes to a whole new level of thinking!  I now understand HOW and WHY to do the things I need to do to make my money work  for me.  A friend of mine also read the book and travels down the road with  his children pointing out various things asking them, &quot;Is that an  asset or a liability?&quot;  It's funny, but they get it right every time.
0790731983|5.0|Loved this musical, one of my favorites since Grease. Liza was wonderful, as usual. Should be in every musical lovers library.
0064400557|5.0|This is the story of Fern, a young girl who befriends the animals on her uncles farm, Wilbur, her adorable talking pig, and Charlotte, a talented spider who wants to save Wilbur from becoming the main course at a dinner.   The animals in the story all can talk to each other.  Fern is the only one  who can understand what they are saying. Fern spends all her time at the  farm and her parents begin to worry. The book is also about growing up.  Fern changes from a little girl who talks to animals to a young women who  undertands more. The book is filled with humorous scenes and many memorable  characters such the geese and Charlotte herself. Charlotte uses words she  finds to spin in her web. The words all say something amazing or good about  Wilbur and many people come to see him. Wilbur becomes so famous that he is  saved and the story ends happily the way story books should. I really  enjoyed the story and will pass it on !
B00000FCBC|5.0|I'M SO GLAD METALLICA HAS RE-RELEASED GARAGE DAYS! IT IS ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAVORITE ALBUMS.  THE NEW STUFF IS GREAT TOO, ALTHOUGH I DIDN'T GET INTO &quot;LOVEMAN&quot; AT ALL.  &quot;TURN THE PAGE&quot; IS AWESOME CUZ  IVE ALWAYS LOVED THAT SONG. STILL IN ALL ITS GREAT TO HAVE METALLICA BACK  THE WAY I REMEMBER THEM!!
6304233639|5.0|Independence day is one of the best films i have seen. without the jokes and ironisisms, it would have been boring. I also liked the serious side of it and the suspense. the special effects were no worse than they were with  any other movie.
B000002OX7|5.0|Ever just lay there and have music running through your mind ? This music pops up in bed, in the shower, on Highway 101, trying to park in San Francisco ! I LOVE IT !
6305169187|5.0|If you like action, comedy and romance in one picture, this is it without any doubt. The special  FXs are amazing and the action is incredible. An Oscar winner production!!!
0399143904|1.0|Clancy seems to have written several chapters, all independently of eachother.  Then he put them all together in some order to create this book (screenplay?).  He repeats over and over again the exact same words,  phrases, and thoughts throughout the book. After you finish skipping half  the book, as you go through it page-by-page, you will find yourself  bored.<br />This would be a good Clancy to skip!
B00000DGUG|3.0|Not what I expected as a follow-up album.  To dark, no flow and no direction.  The only song worth listening to is the one getting air time.  Does that tell you something Alanis.  How about a solid album with some  type of rythem.
0790736241|5.0|At the end of the year of 1997 i was a little bit disapointed for the pictures that were on the cinemas, but after seeing this one this apreciation changed. A great adaptation from the Carl Sagan book, it is a  history that has the characteristic that acording to your beliefs gives to  people diferent messages. Watch it with a wide criteria.
6301773551|5.0|This movie inbodys the human struggle
B00000FCBC|5.0|James and Lars really hit it on this one!  This is the best album yet
0793518326|5.0|Who would have guessed someone had enough time on their hands to transcribe every Beatle song.  However, the task has been done and done brilliantly!  Any four-piece can now get incredibly close to playing  exactly what the Liverpudlians did thirty years ago!  But don't be fooled,  this is not like other books!  This not only contains the rhythm and vocal  transcriptions, this even charts the sound effects, miscellaneous  instrumentation, and any other sonic production of the recordings the Brits  blessed us with.  This is not just a  must-have collector's item--this  deserves to be purchased just because someone(s) devoted an exhausting  amount of time putting this together for people who range from remotely  interested to the addicted and fettished!
0792838637|5.0|If you are looking for a movie to show off your new DVD player to your friends and family, this would be it, especially the title sequence near the beginning!  WOW! Of course you could also buy it because it is a great  Bond film;)  After the first Brosnan Bond movie I said &quot;This guy  stinks!&quot;  But Tomorrow made me change my mind!
B000002U82|5.0|My name is Bill Goldstein  (jhendrix2@hotmail.com), and I hail from Griffin, Ga. Would anyone out there who happens on this critique, please answer a question for me? Is it just me.......or is this album REALLY the  great, great classic that I think it is?   Please respond.....it would mean  an awful lot to me. BG
B00000FCBC|3.0|The CD 1 is the better one, especially the tracks 'Turn the Page', 'Loverman', 'Whiskey in the Jar' and 'Tuesdays Gone'. You can really hear the Metallica-Sound. On CD 2 the performance is not so  good and I only  liked the 'Garage Days Revisted '84'. The Motorheadache should better be  performed by Motorhead. All in all 3 stars out of 5.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I was so surprised at how good this double CD was! I didn't really like Load or Reload so I thought this wouldn't be much better.  But it sure as hell was.  This CD kicks A**!
B00000FCBC|5.0|For those of you that have been a bit dubious of Metallicas new work, fear not, this album is for you.<br />The price is neglible when you consider that the covers of Blitzkrieg, Am I Evil, and many other &quot;lost&quot; songs  is on it.<br />If any of the rest of the covers are as good as the Seger one,  it is a must have for any TRUE fan.
0800141326|1.0|Let's start out with the positive aspects of this movie. And believe me this won't take long. The special effects were brilliant. OK, now to the negative. There was no plot. Unless you consider a big huge lizard that  likes destroying cities a plot. I hated all of the characters: in fact  throughout the movie I rooted for Godzilla to kill all the other people in  the movie. It wasn't particularly realistic: for instance the so called  &quot;worm scientist&quot; met up with Godzilla face to face several times  and each time he was spared. I guess Godzilla had an appreciation for  intelligence. Not to say this guy was brilliant: getting back together with  a girl that dumped him and didn't even bother to call isn't exactly smart,  but I digress. Another part which I found especially annoying was the fact  that Godzilla died and then came back to life. To the best of my knowledge  they never explained this (unless the lizard not only reproduced asexually,  but also rose from the ashes of their dead ancestors like some kind of  Phoneix) Of course, I could easily have slept throught that part. In other  words don't rent this movie unless a lizard who knocks down buildings does  it for you. Because there sure as heck isn't anything else to this  pointless movie.
6305169195|5.0|I strngly recommend buying the wide screen version since pan and scan takes away from the special affects.  The story line is an old one but has been told really well in this version and the roughnecks as heros brings a  since of the hero in every americans soul.  A movie you can enjoy over and  over again.
B000002UE2|5.0|I only have this on LP and have had trouble finding it on CD (before the internet).  This is a great album if you like Grand Funk.  The tracks for Foot-Stomping Music and The Captain (I'm getting closer to my home) are the  best versions anywhere that I have heard.  Too bad the classical rock music  stations have not discovered this since these versions are better than the  original studio versions (by far).
630516889X|5.0|Arnold at his best; often imitated, never duplicated creature design and a fast paced story really make it worth buying.  A great ensemble cast including Bill Duke and Gov. Jesse Ventura! You dont need giant lizards or  meteroites with a recipe this good.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Metallica never seems to stop showing there talent. Every true Metallica fan knows that a great band doesn't stay to the same sound forever, they grow and evolve into there own creature. These compilation of covers is raw  and hard, Metallica style. If you are a fan, you need to buy this CD.
6305169187|2.0|I liked the special effects.  It would have been more interesting if the female lead got sent into space while her love interest stayed on earth to worry.
B000002B2X|4.0|What Alice In Chains lacks in quantity they make up for with quality. The 4 songs (not counting &quot;Love Song&quot;) are nothing less then excellent. If you don't have it, buy it.
B000003RCY|5.0|It sets the atmosphere with the beginning of Wohlt Ihr Das Bett in Flammen Sehen, and finishes the doomy metal with Rammstein. Beautifully laid out  mixture of  heaviness, hooks. Utilizes technology to the fullest extent,  not overdoing it, but enough to accent the music. If you look up the lyrics  in english, they are scary, but they are portraying the worst in todays  society and what we shoudl work against, they are NOT nazis.
B000000OPU|5.0|To say this album is good is an understatement if ever there was one.  &quot;Sledgehammer&quot;, its groundbreaking video, and its No. 1 single status are classic, and &quot;Big Time&quot; achieved commercial success as  well. &quot;In Your Eyes&quot; is one of the best songs in recent memory  from any standpoint-- lyrically, vocally, melodically, you name it. While  about unemployment, I'm told, the haunting &quot;Don't Give Up&quot; has  the power to encourage anyone. The lesser-known tracks on here are all  great, and this album is one of few that really stands up as a whole.  Even  the tracks that weren't hit singles are listenable, memorable, and  well-written and well-performed. Alternately rockin', introspective,  socially aware, and slightly arty without being pretentious, this album is  simply incredible.
B00000DMJF|5.0|&quot;The Beatles&quot; is by far the most diverse Beatles with tracks ranging from gentle Paul McCartney ballads to heavy John Lennon rock 'n' roll.  Ringo Starr's first song and some of George Harrison's best appear.   Many tracks with great instrumentation by the Beatles and catchy songs to  enjoy for a long time.
B000005ILF|5.0|Fair warning: nearly every track on this album is different, so don't be expecting any unity in musical styles (a little country, some pop, one song in French)... yet somehow the album works as a whole. This disc has the hit  singles, the epics, and the album tracks that are meant to be treasures to  be discovered with repeated listening. &quot;You Still Touch Me&quot; and   &quot;I'm So Happy...&quot; are the hits, but everything here is great.   You just gotta hear all of these songs to understand how great this CD is.
6305166021|5.0|I have seen Michael Dance live twice in Lord of the Dance, and Feet of Flames has got to be his best accomplishment yet. If you have not seen it,  order it and if you where there live you have witnessed a legend that will  be around for a long time.
630512065X|5.0|The video shows you the characters so close that you almost become a part of the show.  I was lucky enough to have tickets up front in Denver and still could not get this close to the action.  It is perfect for my nieces  who live in a rural area and don't have access to seeing such shows.  They  absolutely love it!
0783226063|3.0|Read the book instead.  The movie is full of great special effects and memorable characters, but it's greatest fault is that it was as if Cliff Notes had produced it!
B00000FCBC|5.0|Metallica has done us all a favor by putting all of its B sides on one disk these songs are classics going back to the Cliff Burton days even. Disk one is I feel like a bonus I would ha ve liked to have seen some older  Sabbath, but that merciful fate track rocks.
B00000DGUG|5.0|When I first listened to this CD I didn't think that I really liked it. However, when I listened to it a second time through I couldn't believe I didn't love it to begin with! Every song on  this CD is great (*Dear  John,So Pure,One)and they all have great lyrics. I might even say it's  better than her first one. Give this CD a chance and see for yourself!!!  :O)
0553275569|5.0|I read this book more than 10 years ago, but it's still one of the books that has made the strongest impression on me. One of the things that really struck me, was the way he describes how the test-pilots (headed by Yeager)  are first laughting at the &quot;astronauts&quot;, and then are mesmerized  by the fact that Shepard, Glen &amp; co become heroes. To me, this  visualizes the insanity in how the  american people put them on a pedestal  and considered the astronauts the greatest americans (why be modest?  PEOPLE) ever.
B000001G5H|5.0|I have never heard pianism like this.  And I have heard it all, everybody and everything.  Five stars is not enough.  Five million is not enough.  Apparently, there is nothing Signor Pollini cannot do.  I have played these  Etudes most of my life and am blissfully aware of all the technical  problems.  Go for it!  (Has this man made some manner of Faustian pact to  be able to play like that??!!)
0792839129|5.0|This is Dick Van Dyke at his best, maybe one of his greatest performances ever.  The scene in the movie where he and the beautiful Ms.Howe are musical toys is by far one of the best done musical performances I have  ever seen. When I first saw this movie as a child I thought it was the most  wonderful magical thing I'd ever seen, now it is one of children's  favorites.
B000000T01|4.0|Having not seen the film in nearly 20 years, I can see that not only was it one of the best rock film soundtracks (now on CD, sans booklet - shucks) but one of the most compelling rock biog's as well.  But - here's the thing  - I could swear I remember other clips, other songs - like Entwhistle's  killer &quot;My Wife,&quot; &quot;Boris the Spider,&quot; &quot;I Can See  for Miles,&quot; and so on.  I don't remember that songs faded in the  middle, and I definitely don't remember the SECOND (or third?) rendition of  &quot;My Generation.&quot;  &quot;My Wife&quot; and &quot;See for  Miles&quot; are even listed on the packaging - so where are they?  Otherwise... Townshend's no-punches-pulled opinions are a real hardcore  viewing experience, and seeing the band members in action on and off the  stage is a real revelation.  This is still a great film, much too long  delayed to video.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Thank U Alanis for being yourself and not going for the commercially acceptable follow-up to JLP.  You delight your true fans with your talent!
0790737345|5.0|If you believe in angels, you will love this movie. If you don't believe in agels, this movie might change that.
B000005J56|5.0|This is one of my very favorite Latin-American CD's.  My father and I listen to it all the time and often just get up to dance to it.  When you listen to this CD, you can picture the old Cuban men singing and beating  and tapping with a wonderful rhythm.  Ry Cooder does an excellent job in  this CD.  Another great artist on the CD is Ruben Gonzalez who has his own  CD.  I highly recommend this album for any Ry Cooder fan or anyone who is  purely interested in becoming exposed to some great dancing music!
630305904X|5.0|I have watched this film three times - yet each time I have watched it I have been intrigued by it - one of the rare films to explore the COMMON rather than the differences between men and women.  There is a lushness and  &quot;an eternity&quot; to the film - Ms. Potter did an excellent job from  the site locations to the music. The landscapes varied from  the bitter  cold, to desert heat, to World War I, to foggy English countryside to  modern day London - these enhanced the feeling that the essence of men and  women are the same - not only now but in the past.   I have a feeling that  people will either love or hate this film. If you are looking for direct  action this is not the film for you. However, if you are looking for a more  dreamy, meditative film that is memorable than you should definitely check  this one.
0767830555|5.0|This is perhaps the greatest American film of the past 30 years. TAXI DRIVER explores themes and characters that are archetypically American. If you've ever read about Tim McVeigh or John Hinckley, or ever wondered about the nameless nobody who seems to lurk on your city's streets, you know the Scorsese and De Niro and screenwriter Paul Schrader were there first. This is a brave, moral, explosive and graphic film that has only gained power over the years.<br /><br />With its antecedents in literature like Dostoevsky's \\"Notes from Undergound\\" and Sartre's \\"Nausea\\" and Camus' \\"Stranger\\" and French art films likes \\"Pickpocket\\" and \\"Diary of a Country Priest,\\" as well as the real-life would-be assassin Arthur Bremer (who shot George Wallace in 1972), TAXI DRIVER takes a new direction by linking its protagonist's psychological wounds with sex and Viet Nam. Bickle's experiences in the war are subtly implied here, and all the more artful and true for that. Travis has been trained as a warrior and then thrown into the urban jungle. Obsessed and horrified by sex and women--what a perfectly American trait--his fantasies soon meld into an orgy of violence and perverted heroism. Ain't that America? A critic once said Travis Bickle was the offspring of John Wayne and Norman Bates. Perfect: misplaced psychosis is interpreted as heroism.<br /><br />Every aspect of this film is marvelous and prescient, vividly realized and superbly acted. The violent climax is morally right and true, no matter what any critic says; it is the inevitable outcome of Travis' psyche. Anything less would have been a cheat, dishonest, a lie. Scorsese's appearance as a homicidal jilted husband is blood-chilling; in only a few sentences he sums up the base mentality of, I fear sometimes, this entire American culture.<br /><br />I can't even watch TAXI DRIVER anymore; it sears my nerves from the opening notes of Bernard Herrmann's score and the first images of hellish, neon-lit NYC. I can no longer bear to see the utter loneliness of Travis Bickle, or hear him say \\"I got some bad ideas in my head.\\" I cannot watch his conversations with Iris, the 12-year-old prostitute. I can't stand to see him before his mirror, forsaken and frozen, contemplating the darkest things in his heart, playing with his pathetic, terrifying weapons. This is the truest film I know, and if every piece of celluloid in history were going up in flames, this is the only one I'd save. TAXI DRIVER. Goddamn.see the utter loneliness of Travis Bickle, or hear him say \\"I got some bad ideas in my head.\\" I cannot watch his conversations with Iris, the 12-year-old prostitute. I can't stand to see him before his mirror, forsaken and frozen, contemplating the darkest things in his heart, playing with his pathetic, terrifying weapons. This is the truest film I know, and if every piece of celluloid in history were going up in flames, this is the only one I'd save. TAXI DRIVER. Goddamn. <br /> <br />
B00000DFRS|5.0|&quot;My love is your love&quot; is definitely worth the wait.This album indicates the versatile crossover ability of Whitney.She can sing what she want to sing.Some fans may complain that there are no powerful ballads such  as &quot;I will always love you&quot; in this album.In my own  opinion,Whitney proves that she can make people being touched without  hitting the high-c note,such as the title track&quot;My love is your  love&quot;.It does make me feel crying when I listen to it several times.  This album is the &quot;gift&quot; that Whitney gives to her fans.There are  many surprises in it.You just have to listen to it with your heart,you can  easily find out.After listening to it more than 30 times,I love it more and  more. I recommend you to buy it.
B000002UA9|5.0|John's vocal performance in &quot;Twist andShout&quot; is the greatest ever put down ontape, and it wasn't even his own song.For as long as rock and roll music goes on, I just don't think it will ever betopped.
B000001FDK|5.0|This soundtrack was great. It allows you to relive every great point in the movie.If you oloved the popular 70's movie then you'll love the soundtrack.
6302820448|4.0|A sweet and funny movie about a newscaster stuck reliving Groundhog Day.  The repetition of the day could be annoying, but Murry's character's personal growth throughout the process keeps it from being too much of a  mindless comedy.  It's a great party movie - I don't know anyone who  celebrates Groundhog Day, but now we have a reason.
B00000AFDW|5.0|We are One  - Into the Void - You wanted the Best.  Absolutely the best KISS in 15 years!  Awesome!
0393312836|5.0|This book grabs a hold of you, as disturbing and charming as it is. An intriguing story filled with emotion, and sometimes the lack of emotions. If you feel like you're ready for some ultraviolence go ahead... Start  reading.
B000002NIW|5.0|This cd delivers  awesome music that makes you pumped and say to hell with everything else.  Every song in my opinion is good and this cd is definetly a keeper to anyone who enjoys great music.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I never even heard of offspring before this cd and now that i have heard i like what i hear.  the lyrics in every song kicks.  pretty fly for a white guy is the best song i could listen to this song over and over again.   unlike rap cd's and other crap these songs have meaning to it. 5 stast,  enough said.
B000003TA4|5.0|this album is a classic, nirvana really shows their stuff with this one. this is an essential for an rock fan so if you don't have it go get it right away!!! great tracks: lithium, come as you are, smells like..., drain  you.
0783114222|5.0|I think is the best DVD collection I have seen and the multiple languages are great incentive to buy it. The fourth CD has excellent additional materials like the interactive tour of our solar system in which i learned  a lot I already forgot from school!
080010367X|4.0|This is a clever and hilarious movie.  The birthing scene that so many people talk about is not interesting to me.  However, I loved the wife of Edger.  Edger is the one who was overtaken by the &quot;bug.&quot;  When  she described the alien that took over her husband's body, she said it was  like he was wearing an &quot;Egger Suit.&quot;  She was too funny.  I'd  love to see her life after she had her memory replaced......
B00000DHTF|5.0|It would be nearly a crime not to run out and purchase this fantastic boxed set! Or actually, running out is no longer needed since we can run to our keyboards and connect to Amazon.com. I'm a software developer and a  long time Boss fan...finding great music to write code to has been getting  more difficult lately as most new music is CRAP. Songs like Dollhouse,  Loose Ends and Living on the Edge of the World simply reaffirm what has  been know to most of us for a long time - Springsteen is the GREATEST  rocker of our generation!
B000002MG1|5.0|this is an essential!!! for all of all ages... if you love music you'll love this album.
157492589X|5.0|THIS COULD BE ONE OF THE GREATEST WESTERNS OF ALL TIMES. RIGHT UP THERE WITH RED RIVER, HIGH NOON, THE SEARCHERS, TRUE GRIT, THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN. THE STORY HOLDS YOU IN YOUR SEAT FROM BEGINNING TO END. REGARDLESS OF HOW  OFTEN I WATCH IT I FIND TEARS IN MY EYES AT THE ENDING. IT'S POWERFUL.
B0000057C5|5.0|i am in love with Sehnsucht.  this album is filled with music that is so powerful that it transcends the language barrier as easily as a steamroller demolishes a styrafoam cup.  you don't have to speak german to love  Rammstein...  i speak no german whatsoever, yet i love this music.  one  song in particular caught my attention the first time i heard it... Klavier  grabbed me.  it reminds me of something like Wagner... it is beautiful and  delicate, but it posesses so much power...  i didn't need to read the  translation of the lyrics to understand the emotions which fed the song.   rage... pain... sorrow...  insanity... they all spoke to me through the  music.  all of the songs on this album do that... but i think Klavier is  the best.  this album is perfect for anyone who, like me, loves intense  music...
6304539282|5.0|In addition to the excellent reworking of the original films by Lucas and Industrial Light, the videos each begin with some background interviews and inside looks at the special effect changes; what they wanted to do and how  they did it. The copies are superb in color, detail and sound. A must have  for Star Wars and Lucas fans.
6300251616|5.0|No fan of science fiction movies has any business claiming familiarity with the genre without viewing Dark Star.  Repeatedly.  Absolutely the quintessence of &quot;dark&quot; science fiction, the price of purchase is  amply repaid with either the &quot;Chasing the Alien&quot; scene, or the  &quot;Philosophy 101:  The Sentient Bomb and I&quot; scene.  I do not wish  to give too much detail here, but for the price, better entertainment would  be hard to find.
0964385619|5.0|A friend recommended this book saying &quot;I bet you already know this&quot; as I retired last year aged 42 years old. I picked it up thinking &quot;another dumb book on how to time the market'. Instead I  found a book that does understand the philosophy required for a sucessful  life. If only everyone in the world could read and understand it. I'm going  to form a Cashflow Club using his game to teach kids and adults.
6303921248|5.0|this is truly the best movie from a classic novel I have ever seen.  I am a true lover of literature, British Literature is my favorite, so I went into this movie thinking that I would find fault at every line... instead I  saw a much loved book come to life before my eyes... it is amazing how much  like the original Austen novel this movie is... I was blown away...
B00000DHR0|5.0|another CD to torture my husband with!  over due christmas cd from my favorite artist.  O HOLY NIGHT is amazing...the notes she hits are incredible
0789302179|4.0|At first reaction, this calendar was a disappointment since it has nothing that is not in Kevyn's book &quot;Making Faces&quot;. Those &quot;obsessed&quot; with makeup, from fashion magazine editors to  &quot;posters&quot; and &quot;lurkers&quot; on the newsgroup alt.fashion  can never get enough of Kevyn's work. Upon careful observation, several of  the monthly photos are different views than what is published in the book.  Also the idea of having the different makeup techniques broken down on a  semiweekly basis may prove to be an interesting guided systematic learning  process to trying different cosmetic application techniques.
6302820448|5.0|This is a sweet, fun, &amp; surprisingly good film. It explores the idea of time repeating itself better than some stories from Asimov's. However it's a romantic comedy technically. It is rare that a movie can e touching  &amp; laugh out loud funny, but this manages it without seeming manic  depressive. (Unlike that casper movie which is one of the most manic  depressive films I've ever seen. I mention that to show it's not so easy to  get the right balance.) This definitely gets my &quot;Best holiday movie  for stupidest holiday award&quot; in fact it has little competition on that  score. This movie is so good it actually makes me look forward to Groundhog  day.
0399143904|2.0|If this is the first book of Clancy that you are about to read, pick another one. This is the worst book he has written. The book has about 300 to 400 pages more that it should. Most of Clancey's books have enough  exiting and intriguing areas to outweigh the slow areas, but not this time.  I had to be very determined to finish this book.
B000002OX7|5.0|From the majestic opening of &quot;Baba O'Reilly&quot; to the even more majestic closing of &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again,&quot; it is difficult to imagine how any album could be on a grander scale.  This is one powerful  album that never sounds dated. I love Keith Moon's drumming- I have never  heard anyone play like him, always seemingly on the verge of going out of  control, yet what he does is really the perfect complement for the mood of  each song.  They certainly made great use of their talents on this one!
6301334345|3.0|The hype given to this movie over shadows the fact that the movie was historically, woefully, inaccurate.  Having the powerful story of the book, &quot;Mississippi Burning&quot;, the screen writers chose to add events  which did not exist while ignoring powerful events which really took place.   If you have seen the movie, check out the book from your local library and  see how good the movie could have been.
0792153189|3.0|I both saw DEEP IMPACT and ARMAGEDDON on viedo and I liked ARMAGEDDON better than DEEP IMPACT and here's why.  I found that DEEP IMPACT focused too much on soap opera diaolouges such as the story of ELIJHA&quot;S  WOOD&quot;S character and TEA LEONI&quot;S as well. I felt that those  subplots took away a lot from the fantastic special effects in the movie.  Another thing I found unbelivable was that if scientists knew a mile high  TIDAL WAVE was heading twoard the coast of the eastern seaboard.  I would  hope that they and our goverment would do everything possible to move  people out of harm's way.  Anyway I liked DEEP IMPACT for it's effects not  it's story I kinda wished it was more like ARMAGEDDON instead foucsing more  on action on action not soap opera subplots.
630170648X|4.0|Jack Benny and a host of others will keep you in suspense as they foil the Nazis in this funny and yet tense movie.  Set in Poland with Jack Benny as the leading actor in the troupe, this is Benny's best performance in a  motion picture.
0783114222|5.0|The writing, acting and production values are all superb. Each episode was as entertaining as a feature film. From the Earth to the Moon was based on a book entitled &quot;A Man on the Moon&quot; by Andrew Chakin - and that  book is one of finest pieces of literature I have read. Chakin is a great  story teller, and this series is on the same level as the book! I told my  wife when we watched the series back in May that Hanks was a shoe in for  the Emmy on this one- and sure enough he won.
0385493622|5.0|Reading this book reveals how the world greatest puzzle, Fermat's Last Theorm, has been solved and how it influence people's lives. Over 350 years, the enigma has inspired someone to live but may cause someone die.  Mathematics is not only academic but also romantic and dramatic. READ IT  !!!
B000002IZM|5.0|Many people are criticising this CD for the lack of music/inclusion of dialogue what have you.  All I want to add to the defence of Vangelis is how few film soundtracks aren't altered in their transision to CD.
B00000FCBC|4.0|this is a great set from Metallica, their best in years. That is mainly because they didn't write any of the songs. These songs are what Metallica are about, rough, raw sounds that have great energy. However, fans would be  smart to look up the original artists to hear the songs as they were meant  to be played. This is especially true for the Motorhead, Diamond Head, and  Budgie tunes. Check em out, you may be surprised
0399143904|2.0|I have read every one of Clancy's novels up until now.  However, Rainbow Six and Executive Orders were mediocre at best.  I sense that Tom may not have any more good ideas to use now that the Soviet Union is gone and he  has taken his other hero Jack Ryan all the way to the White House.  As for  John Clark, well I think Clancy should have stopped at Without Remorse.
B000002AHC|5.0|This album deserves comparison to Sgt. Pepper, Beggars Banquet, Pet Sounds and the other crowning achievements of that era, but, in my view, is the best of them. I certainly continue to listen to it more than the others  (Pet Sounds is a close second). The majestic beauty and aural impact of  this record is truly breath-taking, although I wonder how much a new  listener coming to it today will appreciate all its splendors. In regard to  the last hidden track, eavesdropping on a band fight, I have a different  view than other commenters. I think it is truly amazing, the most authentic  document we have of a band (any band)literally falling apart, and I thank  the powers that be (Roger McGuinn?) for having the integrity to release  this raw, brutal and sad coda to the most productive era of one of the  great (okay, the greatest, if you must know) bands of the 60s.
6300214710|5.0|This movie set in the mid 80s era of brat-prack movies is a unique shining star. Molly Ringwald is Andie a girl from the wrong sides of the tracks who has romantic intrests from both sides of the spectrum; Duckie (Jon Cryer)  who's puppy-dog love for her is both sweet and endearing to watch, and  Blane (Andrew McCarthy) the rich guy who has everything going for him. What  follows is Andie having to deal with this, the bitchy cheerleader type  girls at school, her loving but dishonest father (Harry Dean Stanton) and  through all this will she get an invatation to the prom? This is a great  film, with both Blane, and Andie having to deal with their friends  disagreeeing with their relationship. Steff (James Spader at one of his  very best) Blane's best friend, who tries to make Blane try to decide  between Andie and himself, when really he just wants his finger in the pie.  Annie Potts as Iona, Andie's quirky older best friend is excellent and her  weird and orginal costume changes throughout the movie are a highpoint.  This is a emotionally raw film a rareity at the time it was made. If you  ask me this should have swept the Oscar nominations with Molly Ringwald  getting Best Actress, but hey regardless of the miss of Oscars watch this,  it is a powerful film and a great piece of film making
B000005JHP|5.0|I bought Never For Ever at a used tape store because I had not yet heard Kate. I was blown away. &quot;Babooshka,&quot; &quot;The Wedding List,&quot; and &quot;Breathing&quot; are the most enrapturing songs on the  album. I have since bought many more albums of Kate's, but they cannot  match the initial sense of awe i felt the first time i listened to this  album.
1558803602|4.0|Dreyfuss has a knack for being really good (Mr Holland's Opus) or really bad (Moon Over Parador). This is a good one. There are some cute moments, some funny moments (esp John Goodman), some touching moments, and one  particular moment that will drag your heart through a wringer until you  just can't cry anymore. I was an emotional  wreck for two days after seeing  this film, but loved it nonetheless.
0679428887|4.0|Robert Harris, Archangel. Purchased at the airport in Sydney in Nov. for my return travel to Europe. It took some time to get into the book, but when I did I could feel as I almost was there together with Fluke.A very  good plot, very in much in time with the world scene. When I closed the  book, 10 to 11 hours had pased and I said to my self, oh great, I am nearly  home. 11 hours of booring flight is gone. As good as Fredrick  Forsythe,Robert Ludlum,Ken Follett and Colin Forbes.
B0000025VI|5.0|All I can say is this: I can remember when I heard this CD for the frist time, I said to myself: &quot;I have to learn how to play guitar.&quot;  That was years ago and Stevie Ray Vaughn's music remained that much of an  inspiration to me as he was on that day.
B0000009UX|5.0|Before this album, his songs were a bit rash;  Afterwards, they've been a bit resigned.  Here, his adult passivity meets his youthful imperviousness in an explosion of emotional openness and intricacy.  &quot;I'm a little  down with a lifetime to go,&quot; he sings without a trace of bitterness in  &quot;Town Cryer&quot;.  It's much more a testament of unrequited love than  a complaint of hopelessness.  There is very little blame dealt out in this  ultimately optimistic album.  The harshness and occasional violence it  evokes are less a condemnation of any villain than than they are a defense  of the precious soul of love.        All speculation of motives aside, i  favor this album over his others because of the varied arrangements.  Steve  Nieve's keyboard playing alone, is enough to blow your mind, but add to  that Bruce Thomas' consummate bass playing as it ranges from the  frightening (&quot;Shabby Doll&quot;) to the ebullient (&quot;The Loved  Ones&quot;) to the wide-eyed and intrepid (&quot;Tears Before  Bedtime&quot;),to the loftily contrapuntal (&quot;Human Hands&quot;), and  the unstoppably bitter-sweet (&quot;Man Out Of Time&quot;), grooving all  the way, and you've got a priceless jam session above all else.  Meanwhile,  Elvis' singing positivily burns with brave and tender fullness, while his  guitar playing is at a relatively advanced level, phrasing his chords into  sparce sycopations, tasteful arpeggios, and stunning fills, and his  songwriting as a whole reaches new heights of genius.  The great Pete  Thomas' whole-hearted drumming through the many expansive transitions and  changes is nothing short of wonderful.     Boasting more talent than any  other 4 bandmembers I can imagine, EC and the Attractions could only err to  the side of overwhelming our senses.  Perhaps what prevents this happening  is the consistently inventive use of fresh sounds and unusual structural  devices.  Witness the attenuated rubatto bridges in &quot;Pidgin  English&quot;,the florid harpsichord (recorded backward AND forward!) on  &quot;You Little Fool,&quot; the desperate spears of violins on &quot;Town  Cryer&quot;, the disembodied hardcore intro and outro to &quot;Man Out Of  Time&quot;, and the intricately crafted backing vocals throughout.       No  facile chord progressions or song structures make their way onto Imperial  Bedroom, however meaningfully EC may use them on other albums.  But on the  slower songs, i think the style might be described as &quot;tin pan  alley,&quot; in that the narrative voice is somewhat de-personalized and in  that a perfectly innocent listener is assumed.  It sounds to me like Elvis  is in love.  I'm talking good love; the kind of love that gives you  superhuman power even when it hurts you.  I could go on.
0783226888|2.0|I was not present at the deliberations of the committee that manufactured this movie. But I think their decisions were guided by two principles: eschew originality and embrace cliche. And they held to these principles  with an admirable consistency, even at the expense of entertainment and  coherence. If you like drama, tension, and intelligence more than you like  armor-piercing incendiary ordnance and computer technology, then see 1972's  Day of the Jackal. It is still entertaining after all these years.
1883217040|5.0|I've read this book, and also the Jazz Piano Book by Mark Levine and found them to be full of demystifying information about jazz theory.  Before reading these, I thought it was all magic and unattainable talent that made  it possible to play jazz music.  Mark Levine managed to lead me through the  complexities of this form with remarkable ease and clarity.
B000002GOZ|5.0|An absolute master piece by the main man himself. DO NOT MISS THIS CD!! You have been warned.
0399143904|2.0|As an avid fan of Clancy, I was a little disappointed at this effort that could have used 350 pages to tell the story.  I guess the irony against the tree-huggers is that he killed a heck of a lot of trees to use as wasted  paper.  Pretty good joke....
0679882820|5.0|I first started reading this book to my baby at 2 months old, and she was fascinated by the sounds and the bright pictures. I've read it to her so many times that I think we both have it memorized. When my baby was 3  months old I could simply recite the book to her while I was driving in a  car trip and she would be entertained.<br />I highly recommend this book,  along with Sanda Boynton's two books &quot;Barnyard Dance&quot; and  &quot;Moo, Baa, La La La!&quot; books for infants and toddlers. With books  that are interesting like these, my baby will sit for 45 minutes at a time  to be read to!<br />A great way to interact with your child and teach her to  love books and read.
B00000DGUG|5.0|If you especially liked her first album &quot;Jaged Little Pill&quot; then you'r in for a surprise on this one. Her new album is more of a dance album than her last one and has more things like program drums,synthesizers and  special effects rather than non-program drums, bass and guitar player.  You  can still here her play the harmonica but in other songs she gets dark and  plays around with different kinds of sound not heard in her first album.   So,  if you're looking for a new kind of sound and was looking for her to  change her tune around this is the album for you,  but if you are looking  for the same stuff as her previous album this may dissapoint you a little.   Still I like it and listen to it all the time and think she should be very  proud of what she accomplished!
B00000AFDW|4.0|This album is one of their best group albums ever. They have a slightly new sound. Certain songs have a Metallica sound, and others have an Ozzy sound. If you like KISS you have got to own this album. Saw them in  concert, and it was intense.
6305169187|4.0|I've been reading through some of the other reviews, and I'm pretty amazed to see a &quot;1-star&quot; review being followed by &quot;5-star&quot; review.  People either love it or hate it.  I'm one of those who really  liked it.  I don't understand completely why others are calling it an  insult to my intelligence, etc. and tell me to see Apollo 13.  I loved  Apollo 13.  I really liked Armageddon.  My very favorite movie is Saving  Private Ryan.  I didn't pay attention to the reality of the portrayal of  NASA; it was a good story that made me think after I left the theatre.  If  that isn't a good movie, then I don't know what is.
6305169187|5.0|I've seen this movie only once, but I thought that it had a great storyline, an unexpected ending, and good ideas all the way throughout.  I mean, there probably are better ways to deflect an asteroid off of it path  toward Earth, but it was a good idea all together.  If you have not seen  this movie, at least rent it and see it as soon as you can!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
6304576935|3.0|If you're reading this, you probably are a star trek fan, and for those fans who have yet to see this one, don't expect too much.  It's alot of fun to see borg assimilate the crew for the first 20 minutes but after that it  becomes redundant and loses its edge.  However, if you are not a die hard  trekker, I reccommend this movie as a good look at the trek franchise  without the confusing techno-babble that turns off so many.  There is a lot  of action and excitement, and most people should enjoy it.
6305166021|5.0|Michael Flatley, as he pursues his dream of a really BIG dance show, fortunately takes us along for the ride.  This culmination of the artistic dreams of the man who has almost single-handedly changed the face or Irish  Dance is staggering in it's breadth and color.  Ronan Hardiman's music is  soul stirring.  Makes you wonder what these men can do next!
B00000FCBC|5.0|Anyone and everyone should get this CD.  It is full of 27 great songs, including the number 1 rock single &quot;Turn the Page&quot;.  A must-have for anyone.
B00000DGUG|2.0|alanis has changed her whole appeal on her sophmore albumn, and it isn't what i expected from a woman that brought us such angst ridden lyrics and songs on her last albumn. i'll stick to my &quot;jagged little pill&quot;,  and use this new albumn more as a coaster than a cd...i thought that since  she spent so much time preparing &quot;supposed former infatuation  junkie&quot; that it would be just as awesome as her first...boy, was i  wrong!
079073463X|4.0|Ladyhawke is a fine love story set against spectacular scenery.  There's plenty of action and excitement, and magnificent horses.  The battle scene in the cathedral is a classic, a great climax to a great movie. Broderick's  running conversations with God are entertaining, and the supporting  characters add texture to the tale.  The movie's only fault is its length,  though it's still worth the watch.<br />P.S. A bit of movie trivia for horse  buffs: Navarre's awesome mount is a Friesian horse.  Friesians are a Dutch  breed renowned for their high-stepping gaits which make them popular as  carriage horses, usually driven in pairs or fours.  They are always black,  and therefore are often desired to draw a hearse in funeral processions.
B00000DFRS|5.0|Simply a great album that captures Whitney at the peak of her vocal powers......every track is richly produced......THE best Whitney Houston album she's done to date.....where will she go next?  Personally, I'd like  to see her do an all jazz album with classic players such as Ray Charles,  etc.......are you listening, Whitney?
6302468027|5.0|I filled my lap with sodden Kleenex the first (and the second, and the third...) time I entered the world of this magical story.  It's a solid, uplifting story about the relationships of two women in the past and two  women in the present.  It's about being true to yourself, and the film has  the remarkable effect of imparting new strength and resolve with each  viewing.  TOWANDA!  And don't miss the book either.  It's slightly  different but every bit as enjoyable.
0385424736|4.0|This book was well worth reading. It had a great ending as well as a great beginning.  The outcome of the book will surprise you.  I would read this book over again and again. As usual Mr. Grisham another great book!!!!!
B00000425R|5.0|I'm not really educated when it comes to classical music.  I just know what I like.  This recording of Arcangelo Corelli is absolutely astounding!  Each and every piece on both disks is superb. It's soothing and yet alive.  <br />#10 Grave - Andante Largo is oh so short, but soulfully melodious and  intricate.<br />The violeins in #14 Allemanda: Allegro are crisp and clean.   <br />#15 Corrente: Vivace is elegant.  <br />If you like Vivaldi and Scarlatti  you will like these two disk.  Well worth every penny.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|The cd is kick a** and it rocks hard, w/ tracks 4 and 5 , they have a magnificant album they put togeather!!!!!!
B0000062S0|4.0|Frankly speaking, I was a little disappointed as I expected something as enchanting and esoteric as  NO QUARTER.No doubt all the songs are  beautiful, simple pure heartfelt rockn'roll..no pretensions and no excuses.  But don't we have the right to expect a little more musical innovation from  them?<br />I guess the simplicity of all these songs is a conscious attempt  from their part , maybe it's a form of artistic maturity that's way beyond  my comprehension.....  <br />In themselves, the songs are great. Page has  always been a master of creating  shades of ambience using his guitar  sound...the guitar playing in this album is almost expressionistic, the  center of musical gravity for all the songs. Some of the reviewers have  commented that Plant sounds old, but I find him amazingly young in this  album. Surely there is no libidinous wailing of 'Whole lotta love' or  brutal war cry of 'Immigrant's Song',but he sounds refreshingly honest and  in places ethereal. His emotive singing is crystal clear, his faith in his  own romantic fantasy world is untouched by even a shadow of doubt. Do we  see a reincarnation of Bilbo Baggins' spirit here ?<br />The  moroccan-karnataki musical influence is still there, but subtle and less  louder than NO QUARTER. The musical arrangement is superb,not a single note  wasted. The album could've sounded better with more creative inputs from  the rhythm section. In places, Michael Lee sounds totally uninspired.   Though all the songs are great..I'll rate 'Most High','Walking into  Clarksdale' and 'Shining My Light' as the top three.     <br />Though the  album is not exactly a great musical tour de force, it showcase somes  honest statements from a pair of awesomely creative minds who also happened  to have defined rockn'roll in thier own terms.   We live in bitter times  and are guided by fallen angels, what else can we ask for ?
B000002UB6|5.0|The word sloppy seems to follow Let It BE at every turn. To be more of a description raw and unrefined is what a true Beatle fan would say. This album didn't reflect the polish put on most Beatle albums by George Martin;  instead the true sounds of a recording session shine through, not the spit  and polished albums of earlier days. A music fan may have a problem with  Let It Be; but not the Beatle fan. It gives us the chance to see the boys  were real and very human and not the music Gods they were hyped up to be.  If you like music that sounds like the group really enjoys just playing  music not a job but a passion then this is an album you must here.
B000001BX0|5.0|Simplemente la mejor musica de Mexico... Imperdible!!
0670880728|4.0|I noticed many people criticize this book as anti-feminist and how it does not speak for all women.  Yes, that is true.  That is why this a NOVEL, not a non-fiction book. It's supposed to be an acocunt of just ONE woman and  her struggle to be the perfect woman with the perfect body, the great job,  with the sensitive boyfriend that society expects from her. I related to  Bridget Jones in many ways. Her lack of culinary skills, her disastrous  mornings in getting ready for work, her uninspired  job...etc. I give it 4  starts because of the &quot;fairy-tale ending&quot;. Fielding should have  known better than giving this book a &quot;happy ever after&quot; feel at  the end.
0792151712|5.0|Firstly, I would like to point out that the fact that there are 117 comments on the one video is reason enough for this movie to have affected so many people.  Either love it or hate it this movie does affect you.  I  loved it.  Yes, the dialogue was somewhat lacking but the historical facts  and the way it was directed from beginning to end was brilliant.<br />Put  together the drama, costumes, romance and special effects you could not  help but enjoy it.  The music was beautiful and haunting - very deserving  of an award.<br />The romance may have been fictional but it was necessary for  James Cameron to give us insight into peoples lives the ship before the  sinking.  The acting was good and believable.<br />If you hated it I suggest  you either saw the making of the movie first, heard too much about it or  you were thinking way too hard.  Just enjoy it for what it is...a good  movie.  Appreciate the history.<br />I would like to mention that the fact  there was minimal swearing, sex and violence was a nice change and quite  rare for movies these days...those three things are getting pretty  tiresome.<br />JUST ENJOY IT!!!
6305166021|4.0|Of course, the art of Michael and his troupe is without question 5 stars and more.  I think the event was too big for video.  I loved Burnadette's new dance.  She's more than lovely.  Gillian super, but I liked her  original dancing in first video better.  The cameras moved to fast, you  couldn't fix on anyone's performance too many times.  Did not care for so  many shots from way back, you couldn't see the show!  Michael's talent is  historical.  But, crawling?  Michael! I will treasure FOF, but prefer LOTD.
0767802659|4.0|This movie was very action packed with some of the best computer graphics I have ever seen. The plot was a little wierd in the sense that it dosn't follow the book at all and all of the fighting is done on foot. There were  great special effects but they should have had tanks or artilery or  something. Why waste the men if you can mow over the aliens with tanks.  Overall a great well acted movie
B000002L7Y|5.0|This was one of my first albums, and one of the only bands I have listened to for over a decade (old Cure &amp; Pet Shop Boys).  Contrary to &quot;pop&quot; beliefs, they are not a one hit or  one album wonder.  Edmonton would welcome you.
B000001DVD|5.0|High 'N' Dry is Def Leppard at their peak. Before they became the over-produced glossy 80s pop band, these guys rocked with the best of them. Flip the switch and listen to Steamin Steve Clark smoke up the joint!!!!
B000002E5J|5.0|Shakira is amazing, I've been listening to her music for about three years now.  Even my friends who don't know spanish listen to it now.  Its really quite addictive.  You will love it.
B000002WEW|5.0|THIS IS A VERY GOOD ALBUM OF ELVIS. I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO LIKES ELVIS!
6301025083|5.0|Fellini-The name brings about thoughts of rampant symbolism (some planned, some just sitting there going nowhere), pretensious college students that take film WAY too seriously...a name that, like Kurosawa, gets bandied  around by people with a love for the ART of filmaking...well, love him or  hate him, Fellini was a true filmaker as artist.  On one hand an almost  Cervantes-like artist that set out to decimate the old standards, yet  paradoxilly created a whole new  set of 'em.   &quot;8 1/2&quot; still  stands as a great film and, probably, the ultimate Fellini movie.  That's  not to say his best, but definately the one to introduce his unique style  with.
B00000F1D3|5.0|What other 52 yr old woman could still pull off the cool and warm colours that Cher projects with her massively engaging  voice. Some of these songs are better than others, but it doesn't matter, for Cher is a great singer,  a rugged individualist.Her sincerity makes up for her simplified way of  singing. Fave track...&quot;Love Is in the Groove&quot;, and another!  &quot;Taxi Taxi&quot;..Buy iT!AND DANCE!!!
6303234844|5.0|I saw this show live when Peter was in New Zealand several years ago. This is the next best thing to actually being there. I find myself putting this video on instead of the originals as it has far more ambience. If you enjoy  any of Peter Gabriels music, grab this video!
B000000993|5.0|I think that Tool is a very serious and upbeat band. I was at the Ozzfest '98 and they rocked the place. I've never seen anyone tear up a place like Tool did.  They had the biggest mosh pits I've ever seen. It was totally  groovy mon!
0790736241|5.0|This movie is the most intelligent I have ever seen, and I have seen A LOT of movies.  The movie is so appealing at so many different levels and really isn't a science fiction movie in the same sense as most people think  of it.  This movie, &quot;more than anything else&quot;, has helped explain  a lot of things in my life
B00000G28U|3.0|It is all the cover songs they have ever done on 2 CD's. One word of advice, if you buy it, throw the first CD away. The second CD is worth all the money, though. It is all the old covers from the 80's, before Metallica  became the white-trash, pro-wrestling anthem band that they are today. Back  when metal was metal and their jeans were black and their hair was long.
0446605409|5.0|Nelson Demille's Plum Island kept me laughing as I turned the pages. John Corey, the injured NYC homocide detective, said and thought like a man. His actions were not always honorable, but they were what a man should do. I  suppose this was the draw of the character and the appeal of the book. The  story line was tricky, and you could easily be misled by any number of  clues, but the wily detective always seemed to be a few steps ahead.  DeMille's development of secondary characters was excellent, the perfect  woman, the other perfect woman, the dumb government guys, in other novels I  would consider them cliche's, but DeMille pulls it off with Corey's take on  the other characters. The NYPD insights keep us up as we read on and the  laughs come with regularity. Kudos to Mr. DeMille.
6305169187|4.0|If you like action movies and good SCI-FI effects and you do not care about somehow exagerated story it is good.  It is interesting that people really love it or hate it.<br />It is lack of science based movie.  However  good combination of audio and camera movement makes people not to sleep,  but to keep the attention.<br />Some people would think that the story is  stupid, some other like me appreciate it like a non Academy award movie but  like a good entertainment.<br />I think it deserved a better rate.  Personally  I enjoyed this one while I was close to be sleep when watching Deep Impact  poor and senseless drama.  My opinion.<br />If you have any doubt you better  rent it or watch it at some friend house.  I liked it enough to order a VHS  cassette.
B000002E5J|5.0|I heard this first at a listening station at Borders and immediately put it on my Christmas list.  I recognized hits from the radio.  All the tracks are great and bring out her unique voice. Just wish I understood Spanish!
0800132335|5.0|The story has alot to say about the utter futility and stupidity of war. Why would anyone in their right mind ever participate.This is a movie for all those who ever served in a combatant vessel or a submarine. The  engineering detail is first rate. YOU are a member of the crew struggling  to keep your ship from sinking. You are on the edge of insanity as the  depth charges explode around you and struggle to stop water leaks at a  depth of 300 meters. The air is foul with the smell of diesel fuel,hydrogen  sulfide and you can't get your breath because the carbon dioxide level is  dangerously high. The smell of vomit is everywhere.What these young men  went through whether they were German or not is absolutely mind boggeling.  I was amazed by the accuracy and the attention to detail as far as the  daily routine of these doomed sailors was portrayed.It's a must see for the  technically oriented naval history buffs.The scenes during a rendezvous in  the North Atlantic are positively gripping.It's a nail biter from start to  finish.
B00000DHR0|5.0|She has outdone herself again with these beautiful songs and her voice is so unique.And what I loved the most are: O holy night, Blue Christmas, Ave Maria, The magic of Christmas, The prayer. The whole CD is pleasant to  listen over and over without getting tire of it. So this is THE CD to get  for the holidays.
B00000DHZJ|4.0|This CD is The Ultimate Experience rerecorded with a few songs in different places and a couple songs that I've always thought should be on a &quot;best of&quot; Hendrix CD.  Nothing bad can, or should be said of  Hendrix, the best guitarist ever.
6303921248|5.0|This was one of the best book to movie adaptations I have ever seen.  I loved the fact that it was six hours long because it made it last longer, and I also hated the fact it was so long  because it meant I can't watch it  everyday.  Anyone who loved the story will love this movie, everyone in it  does a wonderful job.
B000001FRY|5.0|Amid all the pop music movements since high school, U2 have remained a consistent favorite of mine.  Their music cuts to my soul and spirit, meeting me when I am in despair and rejoicing with me when I am at my peak.   My interest in U2 paraphernalia waned after high school, but my  appreciation for their music has only grown.  I have seldom been interested  in their latest fads or fashion.  Those always change... for all of us.   Regardless of how they appear to the camera U2 have always been concerned  with matters of the heart.  And for that I will always be grateful to them.
0792151712|5.0|DiCaprio and Winslet are magnificent! Special effects are great. Cameron hits the jackpot. In other words it is a perfect 10.The tragedy was tragic.I cried for hours.The romance was totaly romantic.It is next to  Casablanca, Gone with the Wind, and Encounters of a Third Kind as far as  I'm concerned.
6302293553|5.0|The best one-liners permeate this film.  Not to be missed
6305131090|1.0|It is amazing how the company putting out this DVD could get away with selling such poor picture quality.  There is a noticeable blur that accompanies most tracking shots, the picture is grainy, the colors are  rather dull, and seems digitally transferred from an old VHS copy.  And do  not believe ads calling this a &quot;widescreen&quot; edition.  It is  standard screen size, possibly because it was never filmed in a widescreen  format to begin with.  The VHS version may be a bit better, but those with  the illusion that DVD is always synonymous with superior quality -- BEWARE!
B000002OG5|4.0|In the original film there is an excellent track called &quot;Manhattan Serenade&quot; (I think). Basically it's the music that accompanies Hagen on his flight to see Woltz. It's a Beutiful recording and one I thought  would have been a must for this CD Regards Craig
0790739909|5.0|All right.  Listen.  City of Angels has been called sappy, with a predictable ending and single-faceted characters.  WRONG.  City of Angels is a beautiful movie that makes you smile and cry at the same time.  For  anyone who has lost a loved one, this movie will make you realize that life  does go one after death.  Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan play off of each other  maginificently, and even the soundtrack can make you cry.  The ending is  slightly predictable, but if you actually WATCH the movie, you will realize  that the ending is the only way it could end. City of Angels is a movie  that can make you smile through your tears, and this movie will stay with  you for a long time.(I also think Nicolas Cage is so hot it isn't even  funny, but...)  City of Angels is just one of those movies that will touch  every person in at least some small way.  If it doesn't, then you've never  felt love.  OK, the ending IS predictable, but you have to be an  insensitive nitpicker to hate the whole movie on that one premise.  Anyway,  the ending makes the movie all the more poignant and beautiful.  A great  movie with amazing leads and a superb supporting cast!  A real tearjerker!
6305169187|5.0|ARMAGEDDON for me was everything that GODZILLA wasn't.  It is action nonstop from begining to end . From the discovery of the asteroid to   WILLIS'S and COMPANIE&quot;S NASA mission to intercept the asteroid and  blow it up. This story has a lot more  awsome effects than GODZILLA and it  blows it away. Also the acting by BRUCE WILLIS and LIV TYLER is great as  well as the diaolouge between the two it&quot;ll make you laugh and cry  plus there aren't any nerdy mayors and lame characters like there was in  GODZILLA. This movie is the best movie of 1998 don't miss it.
068483605X|5.0|That's right boys and girls: this is one of the most insightful, thought-provoking adventures in literature to-day.  Thru the eyes of the rabbit, we are able to re-evaluate the lives of ourselves as humans and the  way in which we choose to live in our world.<br />The story is the adventures  of a small group of rabbits forced to leave their comfortably mundane life  by the evil human forces that has unfortunately also forced many of us  humans to leave our comfortably mundane lives.  The rabbits journey through  unfamiliar lands, in search of a new home, food, love, and a meaning to  their tiny lives, just as all of us do.  En route, they are confronted by  dangerous farmers, carnivorous predators, and unfriendly rival rabbits.   They are also introduced to &quot;bunnies&quot; who are virgin to the ways  of the real world, to whom they try to teach the ways of the woods, which  every wild rabbit living in the world should know.<br />The characters of the  story include those of wit, charm, love, courage, strength, honour,  insight, intelligence, humour, and motivation.  The brilliant  personifications are made that much more enthralling in that they are given  all the realistic entrappings of true-to-life rabbits.  They rub noses  hello; their tails twitch when something bad is approaching, they burrow  their homes, they graze on the grass, and they have their own rabbit  religion.  <br />Perhaps the last is conjectury, but intriguing nonetheless.   Yes, the rabbits have their own religion that includes a Jesus rabbit and  his disciples.  He is the one that so many stories have been told about,  since he was the one who was able to connive and manipulate every situation  to help his fellow rabbit and always win out against his  enemies.<br />Nothing, I can say could further describe the brilliance of  Richard Adams' novel and its analogies and insights into the lives of us  humans.  It is an intricately woven tale, with a creativity which cannot be  matched.  The only other thing, which i cannot stress enough, is that you  read this book.  Yes, you can get it from the library, too, but you might  as well purchase it, because you will inevitably want to read it again and  again, and then give it to your friends to read again and again.
B000003RCY|5.0|In all the years of existence I have jumped from band to band being satisfied for a month at a time.  Then, on a hunch, I bought the latest Rammstein cd, Sehnsucht, and I could just not get enough.  I listened to it  constantly: over and over again with my stereo cranked to the possible  limits of the machine.  I thought I could live forever listening to the cd.   Then, as I walked through the isles of a popular electronics store(Buy  Best) I saw what I had never seen before.  It was beautiful.  The first  Rammstein cd.  I could not beleive it.  I bought it right then.  No  questions asked.  IT WAS AWESOME.  I listened to it all the way I drove  home.  The pounding bass, the earth shattering guitar, the thudering drums,  and the piercing keyboard made me want to cry.  Even more, the lead singers  voice made me want to tremble.  I will never forget the first time I heard  it.  It will stick in my mind forever.  People have continuously asked me,  &quot;Why do you listen to that crap?  You don't know what he is  saying.&quot;  I say, &quot;SO WHAT???&quot;  It doesn't matter what he is  saying.  Everyone needs to expand their mind a little bit and listen to  foriegn artists that are not The Beatles and that aren't classical.  You  should go out and buy Herzeleid.  No questions asked.
6304109318|5.0|I loved this movie.  I couldn't stop thinking about it for days.  John Malkovich gives a fantastic and compelling performance as both Dr.Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  He is so sinister (in a sexy way) yet so endearing that I  couldn't keep my eyes off of him.  I was also very impressed by Julia  Roberts.  She convincingly played the part of Mary Reilly, Dr. Jekyll's  maid.  There is rather a bit of gore, so if you are really squeamish, maybe  this isn't the movie for you.  I definitely and truly recommend this movie.
0887308589|5.0|Scott Adams explains the world of engineering with the help of dilbert comic strips and e-mails sent to him by readers complaining about their job. A terrific book if you enjoy dilbert stips or books on engineering.
6305166021|4.0|I'll admit it.  I'm envious and stand in awe of Michael Flatley's talent almost as much as he does.  But I wish that marketing for the video suggested that one was buying an improved &quot;Lord of the Dance&quot;  instead of what appears, on its face, to be something else.  (Try and find  the words &quot;Lord of the Dance&quot; on the video cover, front or back,  or set the original LOTD side-by-side with FOF and I defy anyone to get the  impression that we are talking about the same show.  With apologies to  Steve Martin, I would have bought this video if it were called &quot;Happy  Feet.&quot;)  I think someone gave Mr. Flatley some bad advice about how to  sell a few extra copies of the new video.  (NB: Compare Riverdance and  Riverdance at Radio City Music Hall.)  As an Irish-American from Chicago  who likes girls, which are about the only comparisons I can ever enjoy  making with Mr. Flatley, I felt wonderfully entertained...but a little bit  fooled which unfortunately served to detract a bit from from this  magnificent production.  But a final positive word: the moves Michael puts  on that drop-dead gorgeous blond with the electric violin during that  thundering joy of a finale was worth the price of the video.  Erin Go Bump  &amp; Grind!
B000002C4J|5.0|anything celine sings is number 1. she has the best voice in the world. i dont think there is anyone who can beat her.
0767809246|5.0|I saw this, and I thought it was really good. Especially the part about pez.
B000001Y79|2.0|This c-d is awful!  Gwen Stafini has an awful, screechy voice.  The only songs I like are:  Spiderwebs, Just A Girl, The Climb, and Don't Speak.  The only reason I bought this stupid c-d was because I liked: Spiderwebs,  Just A Girl and Don't Speak.  So if you only know those songs, don't buy  this c-d!  I would borrow from a friend to see if you like this c-d at all.   One more reason I gave it two stars was because it had the words to the  songs.  But in my oponion, this c-d is SOOOO bad!
B00000FCBC|5.0|This Metallica cd is the best one since the black album. turn the page and tuesdays gone are great songs.
B00000C28M|4.0|I bought this disc because of Bernstein's famous speech and to hear just what was so bad about what Gould had done.  I had never liked Brahms First Concerto before, despite being very favorably disposed toward Brahms in  general and his Second Concerto in particular.  I had listened to at least  three different recordings before discovering this one, and lo and behold,  upon hearing it the piece made sense to me for the first time.  What more  can I say?
B00000DHRX|5.0|To say that George Michael is a pop-music genius is too limiting.  Especially when you hear the &quot;Desafinado&quot; duet--in Portuguese--with Astrud Gilberto, which is included on &quot;The  Best.&quot; Also heartbreakingly sweet and true is his &quot;I Can't Make  You Love Me.&quot;  Who can't relate to that one? Of course of all my other  George Michael faves are here too.   Listening to the cd's take me back to  my high school and college days, and bring me right up to the present.    Thanks, George.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Despite what most people think of the &quot;new&quot; Metallica, this collection chronicles the old favorites (ie, the wonderful, yet distasteful &quot;So What&quot; to &quot;Am I Evil?&quot;) and adds a whole new set of  covers, with &quot;Tuesday's Gone&quot; highlighting the album with an  all-star cast.  An all around good effort.
6303212379|5.0|This film is great fun to watch. A group of kids nicknamed The Goonies try to save their small town in Astoria from property development hell, and go in search for the lost treasure of One-Eyed Willy. What follows is a great  load of gags and little adventures. Great to watch with the kids. This  bunch of actors were supposed to be the new generation of brat-packers but  it never really came off for them-pity but it's a still great film!
0783216084|5.0|How good is this movie?  Let me count the ways.  A twenty five year old(!) Spielberg brilliantly pulls off the almost superhuman task of directing this juggernaut of a film.  The script is superb and full of memorable  lines (&quot;You're gonna need a bigger boat.&quot;)  The three main actors  have incredible chemistry.  The theme music is now the stuff of legend.   Granted,the actual shark may look a little goofy by today's standards, but  it still remains effective.  Overall, a spectacular movie experience.
6304078145|4.0|Tim Roth as a Bell-hop on his first night is left alone to his own peril. He gets calls from four different films (hence the title) and each 'room' is directed by a different director. This is a very funny film with Tim  Roth cast perfectly as the neurotic Ted. The Misbehavers and Strange Brew  are the funnyest segments. The Wrong man is the worst. But this is a good  film to enjoy.
0790736314|5.0|No horror film before or since has packed as powerful a punch as The Exorcist.  The acting, direction and special effects are as startling today as they were in 1973.  This film is more than just scary--it's disturbing.   Do not watch it alone!
6304711875|5.0|I LOVE this movie and could go on about it forever but don't worry I won't. When this first came out I din't think it would be all that hot, and also I wasn't a big fan of horror films apart from Halloween but I was  eventually persuaded by my friends. And I'm happy they did I love this  film. The plot is quite simple. It starts off with Casey Becker (Drew  Barrymore) being horribly killed. We then go straight to the aftermath. At  the school she went to the press are having a field day and Sidney Prescott   (Neve Campbell) is having to deal with this and it also being the year  long anniversary of her mother's murder. Then the murders start up again,  first with the high school headteacher, then Sidney's best friend Tatum  (Rose McKowan) A tfirst Billy Loomis (Skeet Ulrich) is suspected but he is  then released. Itr's then a free for all with everyone suspecting everyone  else. I won't give away who does it but I must say I was suprised. Neve  Campbell is fantastic as tortured Sidney, Skeet Ulrich is great as the  suspicious boyfriend Billy, Courteney Cox is excellent as the bitchy  journilist Gale Weathers (in a refreshing break away from Friends) Jamie  Kennedy is cool as the film-buff Randy and David Arquette is sweet as the  quirky nerdy Deputy Duey. This is a great film, but the first 10 minutes  where Drew Barrymore is killed is of course the most thrilling and scary.  This is a great film. If you haven't seen it yet where have you been the  last 2 years? Get your head out of the sand and rent it now!
6302878527|4.0|I like this movie because you can see Audrey Hepburn as a normal every day woman. It's funny, romantic, sad, and just plain wonderful. Audrey's clothes are fantastic!!
6303972810|4.0|This film did bomb at the box office. But I myself think this film is great. Val Kilmer in one of his early roles and at his most delicious! This film was thought up by George Lucas and directed by Ron Howard and should  have gone down a storm by the public but it didn't but I still like it. It  breaks down as an evil queen (Bavmorda) who has been told that in the  prophecy there is a baby that is so powerful that it will kill her and  rule. She must kill it. The baby is born but the midwife saves it and like  moses places it on a rive and she floats downstream to a dwarf village  where she is discovered by Willow who then sets out to return her to the  Dyganys (The large people) and on his wat comes across Mard Martygan (Val  Kilmer) and Bavmorda's daughter Sorca, and two hysterical brownies who kept  me in stitches throughout. They experince some pretty funky adventures with  some cool special effects. All in all this a cool film so give it a try.
0800141628|5.0|This film is truly emotionally superior compared to the films of that year. River Phoenix, Wil Wheaton, Corey Feldman, and Jerry O'Connell make a perfect innocent foursome trekking across the long train tracks in search  of a 13 year old missing dead body. What follows is them dealing with  different hard issues to do with growing up. Gordie, having to deal with  his brother's tragic death and having his father compare everything he does  to his brother. Chris has to deal with the town's prejudice, because of his  rebel brother Eyeball. All in all this is a great film with the scene when  they find out after having a waterfight in a pond they are covered in  leeches (yuck) and having to run from being trampled by a train. I only  have 2 things to say one, I can't believe Vern the fat klutz is today sexy  Derek in Scream 2 and the cute guy (his name escapes me) in Sliders and  two, Is Goofy a dog?
0609603086|3.0|It would seem that the dashing, all-intelligent, all-powerful male protagonist might be passe. Ken Follett now shows up with a courageous, smart, female FBI agent who makes her fellow male agents look like self  serving, incompetent idiots. Would this have been the character set up in  an FBI story of 10 years ago?  If  J. Edgar Hoover hears about this he will  be doing some serious rotating in his grave.<br />Can the terrorists fulfill  their threat to create California earthquakes if their demands are not met?  It would seem they could, although Judy Maddox's brainless fellow agents  scoff and publicly embarrass her. Well we all know what will happen don't  we?<br />It's a fun ride though, and I enjoyed it. As someone who lived for  years in the San Francisco area I had an extra pleasure in seeing if a  British writer would make any mistakes describing northern California. He  did pretty well, making only a few trifling errors.<br />Recommended as an OK  time passer, although I still think Follett's best books were his first  ones.
630307362X|1.0|This movie made me nauseous. It was career death for Holly Hunter. Has anyone seen her lately? She seemed truly embarrassed after this movie came out. She can be a terrific actress as she was in 'Raising Arizona', but why  she starred in this piece of trash, I will never know. Don't bother seeing  this one. It is on my list of the ten worst movies ever.
B000001GK9|5.0|A wonderful recording, as memorable and special as Walter's only recording of this symphony.
6305177473|5.0|The Parent Trap in my mind could be one of the best movies of all time.  It has it all:  romance, comedy, and much more.  The soundtrack that goes with it is fantastic.
0517591812|5.0|As a latin american that loves London, Rutherfurd4s book was a fantastic way of reviewing the history of one of the greatest cities on earth. The style of the book is wonderfull and the fact that is divided in short  chapters for each period of english history makes it really fun and easy to  read. It can be recommended to almost any reader; even to one that is not  used to read in english, like my self.
B00000AFDW|5.0|Psycho Circus is a performance - a show for the listener. Listening to it is like having the band there, performing for you, and you alone.  It is definately the groups most relevant recording to date. The lyrics are  cleverly written to take the listener on a mind-blowing journey. Double  meanings are woven thoughout the CD, along with a definate message relevant  to every person alive. I was deeply moved by it. &quot;We Are One&quot; and  &quot;Raise Your Glasses&quot; are my favorites, if I HAD to choose.  If I  ever have the honor of meeting the band, I would say one sentence:  &quot;Guys... I Heard You.&quot;
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I've had The Offspring at the top of my &quot;best ever&quot;  favorite rock groups list since the wit and sarcasm of Smash coalesced in Ixnay On the Hombre.  Americana just carries the group further into greatness.   Creative musical hooks abound in songs like &quot;Pretty Fly&quot; and  &quot;She's Got Issues.&quot;  New territory is explored in the  reggae-sounding &quot;Why Don't You Get A Job?&quot;  And the group  continues to expand its exploration into Middle-Eastern music (expressed  earlier in &quot;Come Out and Play&quot; and &quot;Me &amp; My Old  Lady&quot;) with the extended &quot;Pay the Man.&quot;  Clever lyrics,  catchy melodies, hard-driving rock and roll, and just plain fun.  What more  could a 50-year-old geezer like me ask for?  This is a MUST HAVE for all  rock music lovers.
0792146123|5.0|I think John Travolta and Nicholas Cage show some of their best acting abilities in this movie. The changing of roles from good guy to bad guy, allow you to see these two at their full potential. What makes it great, is  that it doesn't interfere with the non-stop action!
B00000AFGM|5.0|After reading Manson's Bio &quot;The Long Road Out of Hell&quot; I just had to get his CD.  I kept wonder which CD to get, the respected and ill-favored ANTICHRIST SUPERSTARS or the one with Manson semi-naked with  breasts, no questions about it, this cover was appealing.  I've never  really heard this guy before, but this was really freaky...I liked the  songs, but my parents don't know anything about this CD.  I'm a 3.8 GPA  female who attends a highly respected prep high school, staff of the school  paper, and I of all people listen to a guy w/breasts.  Oh well, never hurts  to try something new and get screamed at from fanatics about it.  But  anyways, if you're another goody-2 shoes, GET THIS CD, I'LL CHANGE YOUR  WORLD
6303921248|5.0|We are a mother/daughter duo who are BIG Austen fans and we absolutely adored this rendition of Pride and Prejudice.  Colin Firth is HUNKY and caught the character of Mr. Darcy to perfection.  I think more little boys  ought to be named &quot;Fitzwilliam&quot; if this is what they turn out  like!!
0800184327|5.0|I loved this movie and bought the soundtrack immediately after seeing it the first time.  The movie holds up even after seeing it four times.  Chayanne and Vanessa Williams are excellent in the lead roles, and the  movie has richness and depth in the many supporting characters.
B000002NJS|5.0|This was the first Madonna album I ever bought, and I thouroughly enjoyed it. My favorite's were Frozen, Little Star, Nothing Really Matters, Ray of Light, and of course, The Power of Good-bye. This album is great, and I  reccomend to any Madonna fan, to get this album 'coz you'll LOVE it! And  even if you don't like Madonna, their's something in this album for  everyone.
6305177473|5.0|We took our children thinking it would be an excellent movie for them to see.  Much to our surprise, and our delight, the movie proved to be an excellent movie for our entire family!!   It was very funny and we all  enjoyed it very much!
0060392584|5.0|The most revealing book i have ever read. Manson is your averge human being,with problems like every one of us....he just deals with them!!!
B00000FCBC|5.0|Every song is extreme.  &quot;Mercyful Fate&quot; is music to my ears!! Great CD.
0767800958|4.0|My friend in N.J. enjoys anything about Tango and I would like to send this gift to her.  The performance is quite lovely.
B000002J1I|5.0|This is by far the best Yes album for me. Yes are all about pomposity and self-indulgence and this album is just that. Take the track &quot;Future Times&quot; for instance... Just listen to the the thirty seconds of music  that falls in between the words &quot;six the tears that separate&quot; and  &quot;rejoice forward out this feeling&quot;. I cannot find words to  describe the magnificence of it. Fantastic.
B000002KMY|4.0|Dio never approached the perfection Ozzy attained with Sabbath, though I feel Sabbath did remarkably well under him.  The songs on this just aren't on the same level as Black Sabbath, Paranoid, Master of Reality, et  al...This is good but nothing on it struck me as nearly as good as Ozzy's  efforts.  Sabbath just was never the same.  I commend Dio for this, but the  fatc remains:  The work he did with Sabbath just couldn't match up to  Ozzy's work with them.
B000002KGT|5.0|I believe the album Rumours to be one of the greatest masterpieces in the history of classic rock music.  I believe it has stunning guitars, vocals, song-writing, drumming, and of course bass parts.  I suggest this album to  all classic rock fans.
6300214826|5.0|As disturbing as the ending may be, this film deserves a place in movie history.  What's so wonderful is the fact that this film, like many others back in the day, makes you think.  To me that's the whole point of viewing  a movie.  This film makes you question our sanity as a nation...Kurtz has  his little cult in the jungle, but isn't this country one huge cult as  well?  Do we really make rational fundamental decisions?  What's so  appealing about this film in addition to its loose ends, which the viewer  is left to tie, is the fact that once you start down the road to  unstability of the mind your only way back is death. And now, in modern day  America, anyone with a good eye can see that our Vietnam vets will never  totally sleep until their names are etched in stone like those on The Wall.  War inflicts insanity...that's what I got out of this flick.
B000002HPV|5.0|As a past devotee to the progressive rock era and artists like Peter Gabriel and Kate Bush - it was pure joy to &quot;discover&quot; Bjork on a recent Bravo channel Profile.  This led me to Bjork's latest album and  proof that genius has not died in modern music.  I have not heard similar  variations in musical Drama and expressions in voice and instruments found  in &quot;Homogenic&quot; since Kate Bush's &quot;Hounds of Love&quot; or  Genesis's &quot;Lamb lies down on Broadway&quot;.  Although a late comer to  Bjork, finding her has restored my faith in modern music's ability to find  new ways of expression.
B00000FCBC|5.0|If your a fan of Metallica, it doesn't get better than this!!  (Or can it?)
6304712499|4.0|I enjoyed Spawn to the utmost. A friend introduced me to the comic book, then I saw the movie. The special effects were awesome, the storyline smooth, and the clown's one-liners were hilarious.  The commentary was  quite enlightening, to say the least. If you buy this DVD, watch it with  the commentary. If you were curious about the slice of pizza that the clown  eats, you'll be amazed at what REALLY happened. If you have little or no  imagination, I don't recommend this movie. But if you do, this is a MUST  buy!
0385474547|5.0|This book is a timeless classic. Very short, it only takes a few hours to read but the author still managed to paint a vivid portrait of not only the Ibo people but also of the politics of colonialism. When read from a more  modern perspective, the phrase &quot;global village&quot; has alot of  meaning. The most fascinating thing about this bit of literature is that is  gives a completely unbiased view from the perspective of the Africans.  (Sounds like an oxymoron eh?) After all, you really can't know a culture  until you really UNDERSTAND it.
0684830485|5.0|Hemingway changed literature.  He was that significant.  And even though he has been brushed aside, or assaulted, by literary history, he has not been forgotten by those who write and found their seminal inspiration in  his work.   For me, reading In Our Time was a life changing event.  When I  later picked up For Whom the Bell Tolls, the scenery, imagery, characters,  situation, sense of place was so vividly drawn, painted, portrayed, that I  could describe it decades later.... It is as if I have been there.   The  setting is Spain, during the Spanish Civil War.  You have many very fine  reviews here that can tell you about the story itself.  I simply felt  impelled to assert that I could identify with this story in some way that I  did not relate to The Sun Also Rises.  I've read this one twice and In Our  Time three to five times.... and will undoubtedly read them again. Enjoy!
0930289234|5.0|It seems pretty unanimous from the reviews here so far: this book is unbelievably good. I've been re-reading it every so often for 12 years now, and I still keep noticing things I hadn't noticed before. (Anyone else  picked up on, for instance, what Walt Feinberg--who never actually appears  on panel--is doing for a living in 1985? Gave me a jolt when I figured it  out.) Really, just in terms of detail, orchestration, iconography and  structure, the only other person who's pulled off anything like this in any  medium is James Joyce with _Ulysses_.<br />It's also an extraordinary tribute  to a degraded genre--the superhero comic--and to the comics medium's  potential beyond it. It points up how dopey and stylized and crabbed  superhero traditions have become, but it's also a story that _could not_  effectively be told in any medium _but_ comics. (Really. It was optioned  for a movie, but fortunately that idea got dropped when they figured out  that there was no way the story could survive the transition.)
B00000G3PA|4.0|Micheal Bay's style combined with Willis's performance make Armageddon look like The Rock on steroids. Definitely worth the $7 at the theaters and MUCH more at $15 to own at home with surround sound. Could have been better  if not for some redundant scenes and mediocre dialouge. If you are a  Bruckheimer fan definetly a not-miss.
6303477259|5.0|This video is the Pinkest of Floyd!!!  This video really captures the powerful performance of Floyd Live.  Gilmour is second to none.  The sound is incredible; hook it up!!
B00000AFFF|2.0|I first heard of this CD on an National Public Radio interview. It sounded like it had great potential, which unfortunately it did not live up to.While some of the music is interesting and Mr.Costello does an OK job,  the lyrics are just plain awful.
0062502174|5.0|Simple Superb!! This book has brought to light a multitude of mystical thoughts and visions.  A delightful reading with lots to learn!!
B00000DHR0|4.0|I have to admit I am biased here. Celine Dion is my favorite contemporary vocalist, and I found this her best album to date. Although all of her albums are worked through and through, and turn out perfectly produced, this one in particular is outstanding. Celine's voice soars in traditional songs such as &quot;O Holy Night&quot; and &quot;Ave Maria&quot;; and she is continually 'filling in the blanks' with wonderful highs and lows, beautiful hummings, etc; which show us how much she's progressed as a singer.<br />To whoever was in charge of the booklet, however, I must say they did a terrible job, and Feeling Productions should put them in their 'black list'. There are errors spread throughtout. Take, for instance, the above mentioned &quot;Ave Maria&quot;. The booklet lists it as Gounod's version, when it is in fact Schubert's. Some lyrics do not correspond to what it is printed in the booklet, and half of the lyrics are just not there, particularly the ones for the tradional songs - but some others not so traditional are missing as well; so avid karaoke goers and lipsingers will have to refrain.<br />Of the artists appearing as contributors I only have to say they did an outstanding job. Diana Krall's piano in &quot;Blue Christmas&quot; is as classy as ever, so is Bryan Adams's guitar in &quot;Another year has gone by&quot;, and my favorite one, R. Kelly's production of &quot;I'm your angel&quot;, a song so polished, with such precise arrangements that it's gotten me thinking of exploring R. Kelly's music by itself. Another remarkable duet is the one with Andrea Bocelli in &quot;The prayer&quot;, such a nice song, so full of hope and emotion.<br />All in all, one of the best Christmas collections one can get their hands on. A gift of music for the people you cherish.
6301942647|4.0|One of the most compelling, beautiful movies I've ever seen.  I'm a Kurasowa fan for life.
B000002UB3|5.0|I bought this record the week it came out in 1969 and have listened to it perhaps two thousand times.  It is, without a doubt, the greatest rock album ever made.  There comes a point toward the end of Side Two where The  Beatles' melodies, musicianship and astounding confidence intersect with  their obvious awareness that Abbey Road is their swan song and combine to  make the single most impressive artistic statement in rock and roll  history.  Not only their final words (&quot;The love you make...&quot;) but  the preceding finale is singular in its beauty.  There will never be  greater music than Side 2 of Abbey Road!
B00000DHR0|5.0|I cannot even express in words descriptive enough to communicate my absolute love and enjoyment of this album.  She absolutely brought me to tears in 'O Holy Night'. . . it's always been one of my favorites and  Celine brings it to the ultimate expression of song and music!!
0767803434|5.0|The best part of this movie is the sound effects.Those of you who have a good subwoofer and Dolby Digital will really enjoy it.
630305904X|5.0|By far the best costume designs, scenery, and dialogue I have witnessed in a long time. A wonderful adaptation of Virginia Wolfe's play. It stimulates the mind and captivates the audience heart.
B000006PYU|5.0|This effort by Peter Green and the Splinter Group is excellent. Having listened to the Blues by the original artists for years, it is eveident that Green loves and knows well the material as well as what lies beyond  the surface of it. He is restrained and mature in his playing and his  vocals are deep and rich. Green realy makes this great music fresh and yet  true to tradition. Good support by the Splinter Group. A great album for  either Peter Green fans or for those unfamilar with him but great fans of  the blues. May God bless Peter with good healtha and keep him making good  music for years to come.
0671004107|5.0|An incredible tale held by a plausible context of a possible and near future of communications with another life species in the cosmos. Dr. Sagan created a lovely and dazzling storyline, part fantasy, part fact, part  autobiography and completely amazing, where the whole world and the main  character (Dra. Eleanor Arroway) face the most wanted and last possible big  discovery of now a days: knowledge of existence and contact with other life  species. The book have many citations of new discoveries of science and  existing institutions and research companies, what makes the story more  realistic. This book is a must for who wants to read a science fiction  story that can become a science fact someday, just as the tales of Verne,  Wells and many other classic writers who dreamed of today common science  discoveries and revolutions, such as travel to the moon and artificial  organs. READ IT!
0553260111|5.0|It's unfit to compare this book to the next two in the Bourne series, since this is orders of magnitude superior. This is among the first espionage books I've read in my life and I still recall the passion and  danger interleaved within these pages -- keeps you guessing who Jason  Bourne really is. If you are into intelligence stuff and have not yet read  this book, I highly recommend that you do so. Just be prepared to get  dissapointed with the next two (which you will buy anyway, since this one's  so good).
B0000024TT|5.0|Leonard Cohen is a rare song writer/performer who conveys his message by simple musical arrangements and a direct lyrical style. He uses allegory and metaphor effectively as few singers of any genre do. If Cohen doesn't  touch your soul, there's no soul there to touch.......
0767817443|3.0|Even though GODZILLA was dumped on big time by all the critics I think that Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin have accomplished another amazing spectacle. Even though the film wasn't that complicated I enjoyed it  thoroughly,the special effects were amazing. Broderick did an excellent  job, a likeable character, although throughout the film you may spot a  couple of corny actors. This film was a real crowd pleaser and to tell you  the truth I LOVED it! Buy it, I did.
B00000AFGM|2.0|I dont think this sucks at all, anyway is not great  either  is just fairly acceptable. I believe hes getting too much attention, more than he deserves. He is just a marketing product, and thats why i cant find many  differences between him and the spice girls. If you are a goth fan this  will suit your needs but to anyone out there i say: listen to really good  bands like pearl jam, rem, smiths  or radiohead.
0393307050|5.0|To Mr. Holmes who asked the question of what happens when he has read the last page of the last of the O'Brian sea adventures, based on his fictional characters Capn. Aubrey and Dr.Maturin. For one hope that Patrick O'Brian  continues to live a long healthy life. He manages to turn out a new book  each year.<br />When I had completed reading all 18 books, I simply started  with Master and Commander and read them again. When I was bed ridden due to  my Cancer,I reread them a third time. Each reading  enhances your  appreciation of O'Brian and his  magnificent use of language and detail of  the times our heros lived in. I have read every author of books in this  genre, no one comes close to O'Brian. Amazingly, his books have only become  very popular in the past five years. His following has grown and his books  will be read for decades to come. <br />Mr. O'Brian, thank you for all the  reading pleasure you have given me for the past 10 years.
6304711921|5.0|I remember when I saw The Nightmare Before Christmas in the theaters.  I came out filled with joy and happier than ever!   The stop-motion animation is remarkible. The characters and worlds by Tim Burton are enchanting. To  put it short: This film is one of the best I've ever seen.  It's fun, has  amazine visuals, a clever story, and great music and songs.  It's was a  shame it got rated PG, for some reason parents wouldn't take their children  to it.  The only reason it was rated PG is because it may be too scary for  kids under 5.  All the parents who kept their kids from this musical, get  it now!
0140120416|5.0|I've bought Golosa (including the tapes), New Penguin Russian Course, Living Language CD, Passport to Russian, and a couple of others. This book is the best. We moved to Russia 4 months ago, and this book was really  helpful in getting us going on vocabulary, cases, tenses, etc. <br />It is  also the only book I've found with exercises. I'm now having our Russian  tutor use this book in teaching me, as it seems better than having her  create her own course from scratch.<br />Do wish it came with a CD or tape,  for helping with sounds.
0790731452|4.0|You either love or hate Mars Attacks!  I loved it.  I'm a Tim Burton fan, and I like his twisted visions, and strange ideas.  I thought Mars Attacks was funny.  It's a film you have to see twice to really appreciate it.   Trust me.
0345409671|5.0|Most people I talk to who have read this book say they didn't even like it as much as the others Anne Rice has written.  Personally I found it to be creative and generous in the openmindedness of this book.  It took  different forms of beliefs and transformed them into one reality.  During  the time I was reading this book, I found myself lost in another world. I  think the reason people were put off by this book was all the talk of God  and religion, but people have to remember, this is a fictional book.  I  look at it as a theory, a &quot;maybe this is what our reality is&quot;.  I  think whoever reads this and is athiest should be more openminded to  anything and everything like us agnostics. Kimberly
0812550706|3.0|This was too intense for me, but I sort of liked Songmaster which was also expanded from one of his stories. (I think it was from analog or amazing.) Both books involved tormented kids so I wonder what that's about? I liked  val though.
B00000DFTG|4.0|Let's face it people, if it weren't for Black Sabbath, there'd be no heavy music. Period. Unfortunately, most of today's heavy bands can't compare to Sabbath.  Take the Ozzfest for example: if you were there, can you honestly  tell me most bands did not sound exactly the same? Though Motorhead and  Megadeth are exceptions, (and also there is the man himself), all those  bands produced one big wall of noise and had nothing to say.  Black Sabbath  was also a heavy band, but that didn't stop them from trying new things.   Except for Metallica, today's heavy bands just cannot grasp this concept.   With all this said, I'm happy to say the original Black Sabbath is back  with a new album, titled REUNION.  Most of this CD is live, but there are  also two new studio tracks!  The live recordings are amazing, and I'm happy  to say, filled with some surprises!!!  Of course you've got Iron Man,  Paranoid, War Pigs, and other classics we all know and love, but there are  also some more obscure songs such as Spiral Architect and Dirty Women that  will satisfy the most hardcore Sabbath fan.  The performance is really  spirited, (Guitar World magazine made this out to be a bad thing in its  review of REUNION, after all the $#@$ these guys have gone through to  finally get where they are, some people still these guys must be gloomy).   Then there are the  two new studio recordings, Psycho Man and Selling My  Soul.  Though it took me a while to get used to hearing these four guys in  a 90's styled production, (the world is lacking analog), I've grown to like  these songs.  Psycho Man is a bona fide classic, whose multiple riffs  remind me of Megalomania.  This is the only real Black Sabbath studio  recording because Bill Ward doesn't play drums on Selling My Soul.   Instead, a drum machine is used, (if you notice in the liner notes, Ward  only gets credited for Psycho Man).  Supposedly, the other guys weren't  satisfied with his drumming on this track.  I'd like to state that Bill  Ward is my favorite drummer of all time, and it really saddens me to see  him in such bad health, (for those of you who don't know, he recently had a  minor heart attack).  Bill, if you ever read this, I'd like to let you know  I'm rooting for you, and I know you'll get back on the right foot!  To  simply close this review:  BUY THIS ALBUM!!
630512065X|5.0|I fell in love with Cats after having been dragged to it by my wife many years ago. The seats were great and it was a wonderful experience. Having seen the play twice more I was excited to learn it was now available on  video. Bottom line is it's a great addition to any collection. Partridge is  delightful as he chews up the scenery as Rum Tug Tugger in a much more  narcisistic, and to my mind appropriate portrayal of the character than I  had seen before. Sir John Mills was a treat as Old Gus, and frankly I think  the elimination of the Growltigger sequence did nothing but improve the  play. I would have paid the price of a play ticket for the video just to  have the opportunity to watch it whenever I needed my Cats 'fix'. Although  it doesn't give you the opportunity to take your eyes away from the action  and look at the subtext on other parts of the stage, it does show the  interaction of the cats on screen in a much more intimate context. I think  the trade off is worth it to see the performance in this new way.
B0000025HU|5.0|The first album I ever picked up by the Clash, I loved it instantly.  All of the songs are full of energy and a playfulness, that allows the listener to really get into the songs.  Alot more refined than the previous Clash  albums, it allowed the Clash to show the range of their musical tastes,  also introduces the listener to a number of other musical styles.   Definetly one of my top ten albums.
0800116917|5.0|This was a beautiful breathtaking movie. The scenery was spectacular, but even better was the inner story of the enigmatic hero.Lawrence of Arabia is a must see
0425098532|5.0|Although there are other more exciting, more ingenious, or more haunting stories by AC, this remains my favorite.  This book is beautifully written.  The mood poetic.  The love story touching.  The murder plot surprising and  engaging.  Besides, Christie really knows how to please her readers.  A  woman with a delicate bone structure shall never be the murderer.
039548880X|5.0|the polar express is the best holiday book that you can buy.Igive it an
B00000DHR0|5.0|What an exciting time to be alive. Alive at a time when this world is blessed with a voice like Celine Dion...Never dissappointing, Celine shows yet again how versitile she is. The Prayer knocks me backward, sends chills  rising and prompts tears to my eyes as I witness the glory of two exquisite  human voices,I've never felt so joyously alive!
B000002BE9|5.0|This CD is one of the best ever created. I hope that Fiona reads this site, because I'd like to tell her just how much she's enriched my life. This CD is just wonderful; it tells  the story of a young woman and her outlook on life (the blue of her  oblivion). All hail Fiona!
0783216084|5.0|JAWS was the first shark movie I ever saw when I was 13.  It during the summer and I remember not wanting to go into the water for quite awhile after seeing it. ROBERT SHAW&quot;S performance as well as RICHARD  DREYFUSS'S, and ROY SCHINDER'S performances are one best of all time as  they deal with this GREAT WHITE SHARK meanace that is terrorizing this  summer community.You will see why QUINT played so excellently by SHAW says  he values his neck a lot more than two thousand dollars. This movie shows  how good a shark movie can be not like JAWS 2 or JAWS 3 which were awful  sequels. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes being scared out  of thier seat. I thought STEVEN SPEILBERG outdid himslef at the time, from  what I hear was a difficult film to make for a young director. PETER  BENCHLEY should be proud that an fair book at best turned to a forever  movie classic .All in all whatever you do see this movie at least 5 times  like I have, you won't ever forget it.
0553275569|3.0|Tom Wolf did a great job with most of his facts.  However I believe he made a dreadful mistake when he implied Gus Grissom panicked and blew the hatch on the Liberty Bell 7.  The official investigation did not place any  blame on Gus.  Yet Tom Wolfe would make the reader believe Gus was some  kind of fool.  If that were the case, would NASA have then given him  command of both the first Gemeni and Apollo flights?<br />Obviously Tom  Wolfe must have felt the needed to smear the name and reputation of this  National Hero -- many years after Gus, Ed White and Roger Chaffee had died  in the launch pad fire of Apollo 1 on January 27, 1967.  It was certainly  too late for Gus to defend himself personally.  Others can help by  understanding that &quot;The Right Stuff&quot; is wrong about Gus Grissom.
6304613199|2.0|THE LOST WORLD should've remained lost, it doesn't even come close to the original JURRASIC PARK the creatures look all too much the ones in the original JURASSIC PARK. It is not all that scary even kinda dull at times  the game hunters in this film I thought were unecessary to the story. I  also felt JEFF GOLDBAUM'S acting as well as of the rest of the cast was  below average as well, it is not as bad as GODZILLA but it's pretty close.
0792151720|3.0|There's certainly been a lot of hype and a lot of backlash when it comes to this latest rendition of the famous disaster. As you'll see in other reviews, most either loved it or hated it, but felt strongly about it  either way. My feelings are, rather, on the moderate. First, let me say  that I saw this film three times in the cinema, and would have no problem  seeing it there again. This is because the visuals are absolutely  extrordinary. The scope and glory of the cinematography, combined with  Cameron's impeccable sense of visual &quot;moments&quot;, make this film a  sheer delight for the eyes. In fact, the best moments are just visual: the  transitions from present to past and back, Rose and Jack kissing on the bow  at sunset, Jack drawing Rose (a nude scene overwhelmingly aesthetic, rather  than sexual), harrowing bits in the sinking sequence, dead Jack slowly  descending into the dark of the ocean. In the cinema, though not on video,  this is enough to carry &quot;Titanic&quot; over its deficiencies. The same  is not true on video, however. On video, you have either the choice of  &quot;standard&quot; format - in which you a good third of the picture - or  &quot;widescreen&quot;, which gives you the whole movie, only smaller.  While the latter is certainly the way to go, the diminishment of the visual  element brings to focus the drawback of the movie. First, the screenplay  itself is one of Cameron's weakest. It is cliched, melodramatic, and  overreaching, not to say anachronistic (more on that anon). Second,  Leonardo DiCaprio is a terrible actor. Not even talents like Kate Winslet  and Kathy Bates can get him to work with them. He has no concept of  ensemble acting. The excellent supporting cast, in particular Gloria Stuart  and Victor Garber, just don't have enough to do to make up for him. Third,  in trying to make Rose a girl for the ninties, Cameron makes her  unbelievable for her day. She would not have smoked at the table, she would  not have punched strangers, and she certainly would not have had sex with  Jack. (Their relationship would have been better if that scene had been  omitted anyway.) As far as the &quot;finger&quot; dispute goes, she should  have used the English equivalent (like our &quot;V for Victory&quot;  gesture, only with the back of the hand facing the recipient.) In  conclusion, if you haven't seen this in the cinema, rent the widescreen  edition to get the feel. If you have seen it in the cinema, best to be  content with that.
6304722303|5.0|It's been out for 13 years now and still no movie has topped it's action
0792151720|5.0|No movie has ever impacted me emotionally as much as this epic film.  Watch it if you love action, drama, or good music.
6302648750|5.0|Death Becomes Her is a wonderfully funny movie.  Also riddled with symbolism, this movie makes a broad point about vanity.  Strong performances from the leading ladies: Streep, Hawn, and Rosalini.  A great  movie for anytime.  However, the synopsis above is extremely off base.
6300246787|4.0|If you like musicals, be sure to watch this one! Barbra Streisand is pretty gushy as Dolly Levy, but SO likeable!! Some of Dolly's one-liners have stayed with me for years.  Until recently, I didn't know that the  taller of the two boys who worked for Horrace VanDerGelder is THE Michael  Crawford--of Phantom of the Opera fame!!!! Great cast and great fun in this  movie.  (The only reason I gave it 4-stars is that I felt the movie was a  little too long)
630233683X|5.0|I've always loved this movie and bought a copy of it years ago.  It didn't occur to me until a snowed-in evening last winter, though, that kids might like it, too.  Our 8 yr old daughter was enchanted (though a bit bored by  the long-ish &quot;Gotta Dance&quot; number).  This film would certainly  make my All Time Top 10 Favorites list.
B0000028M7|5.0|After listening to this recording often for 4 years,I have concluded that it is indeed one of those extremely rare recordings that I will be listening to still 20 years from now. It is almost meaningless to mention  particular attributes of the writing,lyrics or performance.As good as  Cantrell and Staley may be,this creation soars past their formidable  talents to become something altogether greater. Simply put,this is what we  sit down and listen to music for.One hundred years from now,someone will  listen to this and still be moved by it.If you don't own this disc, you are  NUTS!
B00000DLV1|5.0|I think this c.d is absolutely excellent in every possible way.Portishead is such an awesome group,and especially with her beautiful voice,and tranquil music this c.d is the best!Portishead is a terrific group and I  would LOVE to see them in concert.I love this c.d so much because the music  is so different,but not different in a bad way, different as in not trying  to copy others,they have their own style and their own music and I respect  that so much.I recommend this c.d to everyone!
6305169187|1.0|First, the plot was pretty unconvincing.  I've taken some astronomy courses, and although a meteor could hit earth, I highly doubt that people could land on the meteor, blow it up, and save the world.  And if someone  were going to save the planet, it would not be people outside the U.S.  government who have no experience in space!<br />Second, the love story was  pathetic.  The movie was so focused on special effects that it never  developed the relationships bewteen its characters.  The scene where Ben  returns and hugged Liv made me cringe.  Both were smiling, and I wondered  if both the characters had already forgotten the loss of Liv's father and  all the trauma they had just been through.<br />And all those set backs out in  space?  After the twentieth one, you know they're going to live and just  want the movie to be over!
0792139771|5.0|the first time I saw Braveheart I was amazed. I dreamt abot it for weeks and thought about it all the time. I kept watching it over and over and still couldn't get enough. this movie is one of the greats and will always  be thought as so. See it now!
0783223218|2.0|In the original, the world had barely heard of &quot;the Jackal&quot;.  The new movie is set in the present with overt holes in validity.  The nickname was given to him by the public, not his own choice.  His name  (check any relevent reference in the U.S. or the web) is Carlos 'Ilich'  Sanchez and is far from unknown to the FBI or the KGB (who trained him).   In the early 70's he was an unknown quantity; nowadays he's common.  This  hasn't altered his effectiveness, although he's probably retired recently.   I'm not usually an authenticity maven over non-documentary entertainment  except when they're using real people who they have more than enough  information on...get some imagination and write a screenplay around that.   The only worse act is when they do a movie like &quot;Starship  Troopers&quot; or &quot;Bram Stoker's Dracula&quot; which, instead of being  labeled 'based-on-the-book' or even 'loosely-based-on-the-book', should be  labeled 'uses-the-same-title-as-the-book'. (the opening scenes of  &quot;...Dracula&quot; were fine in that they were clearly, wholely outside  the story in the book)
6303430570|5.0|Here is the first movie fo the New Jersey Trilogy. And it's great. Forget the Black and white. this movie is hilarious and you must see it. Then go see Mallrats and Chasing Amy. Kevin Smith, you are the man!
0792838637|5.0|Perfect timing, perfect sound, and perfect action.  No time to get more popcorn!
0767816641|5.0|My 7 year old daughter and I saw Madeline at the movies and can't wait for the video!  I rarely buy videos, but this is a must have.  Every little girl should see Madeline.  It's very clean, action packed, funny and  touching all rolled into one.  My daughter spoke with a French accent for  weeks after seeing the movie.
0140277447|5.0|Ms. Chang's book unrelentingly details the Japanese aggression in Nanking.  For this she has been attacked and criticized by members of the Japanese right wing. She did the world a great service at a great personal risk.  While it is undeniable that the Japanese military committed unspeakable  horrors, we must remember (as Ms. Chang has also indicated), no race can  claim to be free from committing comparable cruelties. Her work is an  indictment on all of us.  History has proven that we are all capable in  descending to the lowest level of depravity. Only with a book like this can  we guard against repeating the same tragedies.
6300247120|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time!  If  there is ever a play featuring this story - I am sure to tryout!  This is a must have for any video library.
B0000032LS|5.0|&quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot; is not only the best movie ever, but it also has the best soundtrack ever, too!!!!!!  The music is so much fun, and it has everything -- from extreeeeme rock 'n roll (&quot;Sweet  Transvestite&quot;) to powerful ballads (&quot;I'm Going Home&quot;).  The  RHPS soundtrack has changed my life!  If you look closely and listen  attentively to the lyrics, there is so much more to this movie than anyone  could ever see at first glance.  After listening to the CD for a few days,  you'll learns all the lyrics and only want to listen to Rocky!  I've gotten  rid of all of my other CDs because I only listen to RHPS!!!!!  It's such a  great CD, and you have to get it!!!!  Whether you like the movie or not,  you have to admit it has the greatest music you can find out there!  In the  words of Frank N Furter --<br />&quot;GIVE YOURSELF OVER TO ABSOLUTE PLEASURE.  SWIM THE WARM WATERS OF SINS OF THE FLESH, EROTIC NIGHTMARES BEYOND ANY  MEASURE, AND SENSUAL DAYDREAMS TO TREASURE FOREVER!  <br />DON'T DREAM IT!!!   BE IT!!!!!
B000002C1Z|5.0|ANIMALS goes hand-in-hand with other great Floyd  albums, like DARK SIDE, WISH YOU WERE HERE, and THE WALL. All of the songs are legitimate rock classics. The PIGS ON THE WING songs are perfect  intros and outros for the  album. DOGS is more  gentle then the rest musically, with great lyrics.   PIGS is more striking and dark. The climax SHEEP is an all-out music fest  (gotta love that guitar line in the end). This Floyd is as great as any.
B000002HRE|5.0|I get so tired of these metalheads getting all upset over Metallica's new sound. Do you want to listen to the same stuff over and over again? and I don't know if you noticed or not, but the days of heavy metal are basically  over, and Metallica knows this. It's time to grow up, and Metallica  certainly has in Re-Load. It's one of their best albums, and the new sound  is great. Get over the hey-day of 80s metal and welcome to the 90s.
0553573403|5.0|Mr Martin has entered the fantasy world with an excellent book.  Intrigue and double crossing around the corner.  How to serve honor and everybody thirst to take the Throne.  Already I hate the Lannisters, and my favorite  characters being Jon Snow and Arya Stark.  Where will it end and how will  it shape up.  I don't know.  This is a book that one must read if one is  looking for something to read after Tolkien world of Middle Earth.
B000002AZX|5.0|Everyone seems to ignore this when they mentioned Cohen's greatest work (I'm Your Man, Songs Of and The Future).  It is however, a wonderful record with some great songs.  &quot;If It Be Your Will&quot; is also one of my  favourites.
6304436408|5.0|Emma Thompson again gives a great performance as a pre-Victorian woman of great common sense.  Kate Winslet portrays her sister, who allows her heart rule her life.  The life situations that play out for these two ladies  provide humor, sorrow, and a lesson in life in their time.
6305076634|5.0|&quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot; is without a doubt my favorite movie ever!  It's so much fun and has such GREAT music!  If you haven't seen RHPS, then you haven't lived!  It's changed my life soo much.  I can't say  enough good things about this movie.  YOU HAVE TO GET THIS!!!!!
0670880728|3.0|Perhaps British women mature more slowly than Americans? I doubt that -- yet don't know how else to account for this novel. Everyone says how true-to-life it is.  Yes, very much so, but for what age group? I was  Bridget Jones in my late teens and twenties, but she purports to be in her  30s!! I'm now 33, a professional &quot;singleton&quot; myself, and I don't  behave much like Bridget.  The key difference is one between content and  degree.  I do worry about my weight and strive for &quot;inner poise&quot;  and want to find a nice man... yet the degree to which Bridget obsesses  about these things is embarrassing and absurd in a woman her age. She has a  startling lack of composure or self-knowledge.  All the 30-something women  I know are more mature than this, even if sharing some of the same general  concerns. Nonetheless, there are parts of the novel that are extremely  funny... I especially liked her summation of the agonies of preparing for a  large dinner party. I listened to the Audio-Cassette version on a very long  drive.  It's good for this purpose -- entertaining, doesn't require much  concentration.  But for God's sake, ignore the hype that says this book  truly reflects modern women. It doesn't.
B0000024TT|5.0|You may already own some of these songs on a Best Of Compilation, but don't worry -- buy this record!  Cohen's first and one of his best.  Seductive, wonderful.  Just a voice and a guitar.  Every track is  excellent.
0790729628|5.0|Simply the best movie I've ever seen.  Nothing is lacking.  Ford, Hauer, and Young put in amazing performances.  The direction is flawless.  The sets and costumes are great, and the music perfectly fits the movie.  The  age of the movie amazes me as some the scenes rival the best computer  animation of today.  The writing is captivating and thoughful.  You owe it  to yourself to get a copy of this one.
0800103661|5.0|With &quot;Gattaca&quot;, screenwriter and director Andrew Niccol has created a dystopia to rival &quot;1984&quot;, &quot;Brave New World&quot;, &quot;THX 1138&quot;, and &quot;Logan's Run&quot;. Its sterile,  genetically-tailored brilliance is all the more terrifying when we realize  very few of us living now could hope to achieve anymore than servitude to  its &quot;ubermensche&quot;, because of our genetic  &quot;inadequacies&quot;.But with Vincent Freeman, the film's protagonist,  we have cause for hope against such an ignoble fate. Although he is like  us, (that is, naturally-born), Vincent, using only the borrowed genetic  pattern and identity of an engineered athlete, pursues his dream of going  into space (a career reserved only for the enhanced) with his own  untailored brain, physique and will. Thus, we see how human desire can  overcome even a society's dictate of perfection. Vincent joins such famous  fictional rebels as Winston Smith, Bernard Marx, THX 1138, and Logan 6 in  this noble effort. Ethan Hawke, Uma Thurman, Jude Law, Lorne Dean, Alan  Arkin, Gore Vidal, and Ernest Borgnine all play their parts with subtlety  and depth with Niccol's exquisite screenplay and direction. The film's  look, stark and elegant, is a visual feast. The photography is gorgeous,  wholly capturing the society's brittle beauty.As science fiction at its  finest, &quot;Gattaca&quot; is a film that not only causes you to wonder  about what is possible, but also to fear what may be coming.
B000007UE7|5.0|Ramones was the first punk band, this CD is a classic, full of great songs in only few minutes.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I bought this the first day it was out and it rocks. Metallica knows how to rock and keep their fans happy.At 43 I'm probably their oldest fan and I have to say this CD kicks a**. Thank God for  Metallica cause at least  there will be a good album out at least once a year. I'm telling you go out  and buy this CD for Christmas. I did. Keep on rockin'!!!!!!!!!!!!
6305127689|5.0|This movie features some of the most amazing scenes ever filmed. It also features some of the most classic lines in American film history. It's a wonderfully fun, tongue-in-cheek movie that still manages to have its  touching moments. The final dogfight is the most incredible scene I've ever  seen. The soundtrack is pure 80's cheese, but that only adds to the fun.   Aerial combat provides the ultimate in suround-sound enjoyment.
630516603X|5.0|After Lord of the Dance, my Irish came out.  I was so uplifted with that video, I just couldn't wait for the next, and the next.  This video is beyond comparison.  It's Michael at his IRISH BEST.
0790737973|2.0|Bad movie off a bad book this film would never have made it if it wasnt a Chrichton novel. This movie is a waste of a lot of talented actors. Shame on you Dustin!!!!!
0780622553|5.0|This movie gives Blade Runner a run for its money as the greatest film I've ever seen.  Don't be fooled by the promotions that make it look like the second coming of The Crow.  This isn't a comic book movie, it's a  sci-fi classic.  The production of Dark City is without peer.  It's  visually astounding.  The sets, effects, costumes, and cinematography work  beautifully.  This is a movie that has amazing special effects, but doesn't  make the movie subserviant to them, but rather makes great use of them to  advance the plot.  The casting and acting is likewise wonderful.  The story  really keeps you guessing for the first half of the movie.  As much fun as  it is with repeated viewing the effect of watching it unfold for the first  time is truly spectacular.  You start out wondering what kind of silliness  you've gotten yourself into, but as it progresses you'll be amazed.  On one  level the line about the human soul seems trivial and isn't dealt with as  much as it should be, but it does raise some important and intriguing  issues.  The soundtrack and effects are excellent.  Overall a great  experience that everyone should have.  I found the Roger Ebert commentary  very interesting.
6305126062|5.0|Robert Redford did a fantastic job, both acting and directing.  It brings us back to a time when actors actually had to act.  All of the emotions of the actors came across to the viewer withour sex or violence...a rarity in  this day and age
6300182282|5.0|A wonderful story of how love changes yet still continues to grow.  Two unlikely people meet and begin a friendship and love affair that stands the test of time.  Ellen Burstyn and Alan Alda seem made for their roles.  They  love and share through the best of times and the worst of times - you will  laugh out loud and cry - and wish for a friend and lover as true to you as  they were to each other.  I recommend it highly.  Enjoy!
6302820448|4.0|Just like other reviewers, I feel that one could watch Groundhog Dog again and again... How ironic, but maybe that's the point- to watch it until you cannot laugh anymore. Bill Murray was perfectly cast for the role of a  reporter covering Groundhog Day. He is obnoxious, but has the opportunity  to keep trying until he gets to get it right. Murray exceeds his Meatballs  performance. Andie MacDowell and Chris Elliot are really cute too in their  respective roles.Definitely make sure you see this movie, on G-hog day or  any other time you need a good laugh- you might learn a little bit more  about yourself too... And, you might never think about &quot;I Got You,  Babe&quot; in the same way again- and maybe that's not such a bad thing.
0671015206|5.0|Great book.  Explains that the REAL money makers are the ones with goals, hard work, and discipline..... READ THIS BOOK
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam have topped my expectations this time. I didn't know what to expect after 1996's &quot;No Code.&quot; &quot;Yield,&quot; is a complete body of work 13 chapters long. (14 if you include the hidden track  &quot;Hummus&quot;) No one track is better than another other, they all  stand on their own merit. I have favorites like In Hiding and Faithful, but  I could listen to this album without skipping any tracks, even from the  first time I listened to it. An accomplishment in itself for any band. It  has a great balance of fast paced, hard hitting songs and songs that are  more melodic and introspective. In the long run, fans and critics will  consider this to not only one of PJ's best records, but one of the great  rock records of all time.
B000000WCA|5.0|I think the songs are great for what they are.  If you don't like pop music like this then don't buy it.  But I happen to love their songs!!!
B00000DHR0|5.0|This is a spectular c-d!  It's a very powerful c-d, beautifully made! This is also a family c-d, my whole family loves it!  This c-d has some orignals (O Holy Night) and some new ones (Don't Save It All For Christmas Day.)   All the songs on this c-d are good but I like Adesta Fidelis, The Prayer, O  Holy Night and I'm Your Angel the most.  I'm now a big Celine Deon fan  because of this c-d and Let's Talk About Love.  But if you want a good  Christmas albun, buy this one!
6303686796|5.0|SCORSESE, DE NIRO, need I say more, five star
B000001Y79|2.0|The only songs I like are Just A Girl, Spiderwebs, Don't Speak, and The Climb.  That's all.  She has the worst voice in the whole universe.  I don't know anybody who likes this c-d.  At least it has the lyrics!  So I  would borrow this c-d from a friend first before you buy it!  In my  oponion, this is the worst c-d I will ever own!
B0000042MY|5.0|well.....I love it! It's the best soundtrack I've ever heard. If you ever take it off the market there will be riots in the streets!!
0060235152|5.0|My 20-month old son and his two cousins absolutely love this book.  All three kids know what animal is next before the page is turned.  This book is excellent for helping children learn their body parts and for developing  memory skills.
B00000DHRX|5.0|The new song 'Outside' is excellent... hopefully a sign of what we can expect in the future from George.  The hits are all memorable melodies from his previous albums.  Where's the video collection on DVD to accompany this  hit collection?  I'll be looking for it....
6305165912|4.0|I really enjoyed Lebowski in the theatres and like the choice of widescreen and full frame formats on a 1 sided disc, but it just seems that more could have been put into this DVD by Polygram. Other than a teaser  theatre trailer, there isn't much on it.
0792837916|5.0|This movie is smart and hilarious. John Travolta is perfect in his role as Chili Palmer and the rest of the characters could not have been portrayed any better.
0783227256|5.0|AMISTAD in my opinion should have won all of the awards TITANIC won. It accuratley potrays the horror of what slavery really was from the slave ships to the actual buying and selling of people.  I thought that ANTHONY  HOPKINS acting performance in this film was better than anyone's in TITANIC  , as well as MORGAN FREEMAN'S too. It is unfortunate this movie came out at  the same time as TITANIC because it was too overshadowed by the latter and  it's a shame too. I felt that STEVEN SPEILBERG did an outstanding job on  this film and deserved the best director award not JAMES CAMERON, anyway  see this movie you'll see why I feel this way.
1572523166|5.0|I saw this film when it premiered.  I have seen if several times since in video format.  There is nothing to compare it to in the current library.  It is strange, but at the same time familiar.  Bowie exhibits qualities  that he posessed as a younger man, and has since lost.  He creates mystery  and an alien nature which were all &quot;Bowie&quot; at the time.  His  character shows weakness and strength, but in the end, it is his own  weaknesses that are the story.
B000005HFH|5.0|Chet Baker is not known for his voice as much as his instrumental recordings, but this Chet Baker collection highlights Chet's smooth singing style. Fans of Chet Baker will recognize that his vocal renditions of these  songs are very similar in rhythym and punctuation to his instrumental  style.  This is smooth music for relaxing Sunday mornings.
B00000AFFF|5.0|Great material. An average voice. A wonderful wonderful creation. Listen. Just listen.
B000001IPL|5.0|This is a beautifully done CD. It's a little like Americana,It's best songs being &quot;Come out and play&quot;, &quot;Bad habit&quot;, &quot;What happened to you?&quot;, and &quot;Smash&quot;.
B0000028VT|5.0|I loved this album, and would strongly recommend ordering it!  From the first song, &quot;Dreamlover&quot; to the last one, &quot;All I've Ever Wanted&quot;, Mariah delivers a stunning performance!  My favorites were  &quot;Dreamlover&quot;, &quot;Hero&quot;, &quot;Music Box&quot;,  &quot;Without You&quot;, and &quot;All I've Ever Wanted&quot;!  Order  &quot;Music Box&quot; now; it's definitely one of Mariah's best!
6305169187|5.0|Okay.  So its not going to win an academy award for Drama.  But what did you expect?  This is an amazing movie.  Classic Bruckheimer, just like The Rock, Top Gun, Enemy of the State, and Con Air.  The effects are excellent.   And even the acting of stars Bruce Willis, Ben Affleck, Liv Tyler, and the  always interesting Billy Bob Thorton.  You have to check it out.
630512065X|4.0|The camera gets you up-close-and-personal.  It's like being on stage with the players.
0783228317|5.0|If you've never heard of Hunter Thompson and/or Terry Gilliam you need not apply. However, if you know and love the Doc as much as Terry Gilliam does, then you will never want to stop watching this movie. Depp and Del Toro  make a great team, and are picture-perfect fodder for Gillaim's directorial  machine. So much so that in some of its better moments &quot;Fear and  Loathing&quot; seems faintly like the &quot;Brazil&quot; that was truly  meant to be. &quot;Fear and Loathing&quot; hits the screen running, and  hilariously at that. Thhe 15-minute opening sequence somewhere around  Barstow, on the edge of the desert, is some of Jonny Depps best and  funniest work ever. 10 years from now, this will be double-featuring with  &quot;Rocky Horror&quot; at midnight every Friday in every self-respecting  art theatre.
B000002UBB|5.0|Steve Miller is a typical musical exponent of the 70's. His music is straight, powerful and tender at the same time. Fly like an eagle goes well together with the wild mountain honey. I wish there was more music like  that today.
0385484518|5.0|Every time I read part of it I would cry.  It    touched my heart as if I knew him personally.
6303921248|5.0|An absolute gem.  A masterpiece.  A triumph.  Never have I, nor will I, see a more perfect adaptation of Austen's greatest novel as BBC presents in this miniseries.  Colin Firth's Darcy and Jennifer Ehle's Elizabeth are  captivating.  The actors, directors, and writers obviously understand and  appreciate the creative wit of Jane Austen that has enchanted generations  of readers.  I haven't a single complaint on this and I assure you, I am  quite the critic.  So enjoy.  As A&amp;E promises its viewers, it truly is  &quot;time well spent.&quot;
B00000DHTF|5.0|Just when we thought we were destined to a rock-and-roll future of Everclear, Green Day, and others, along comes the Master - giving back the heart and fun - and true emotion - to those of us who knew the importance  of Born to Run, Thunder Road, Prove It All Night, and Darkness on the Edge  of Town.  Thanks, Bruce...even more so than in 1975 - then, you introduced  a new standard; today, you rescued all the hopeless romantics everywhere!   The words do mean something...in fact, they mean everything.
6300214354|3.0|If movies like Airplane and the Naked Gun are your taste, Top Secret is a must see.  It is as funny and contains as many outrageous site gags as the original Airplane.
B000005B0U|5.0|I don't listen to blues that much but this cd is one of my FAVORITE cd's.All those people have an awsome talent!!!
B000007OY0|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is one of my favorite movies.  The first time I watched it, it kept me guessing till the end.  Anybody who likes movies with plot twists should like this.
0670880728|4.0|Given all of the hype surrounding this book, I was expecting to be slightly disappointed by the actual product.  I'm pleased to say that it surprised me.  It was as funny and poignant as I had heard.  Fielding's  insights into the stresses and small pleasures of modern life are on the  mark.  I could easily relate to Bridget's experiences.  And that's not easy  to do to a thirtysomething male with his own batch of ****wittage with  which to deal.<br />The book isn't perfect.  Some of the jokes will probably  be over the heads of readers who haven't been to Great Britain recently  (like the Jenny Eclair in Edinburgh minor insult).  And the ending is a  little too neat for a messy life like Bridget's (getting a boyfriend on  Christmas Day is much too blatent for me).  Still, these are minor quibbles  for an otherwise outstanding book.  Overall, the humorous insights make it  a book worth purchasing.
B000000XH4|5.0|Bill Evans was possibly the finest of all modern jazz pianists. His music had all the virtues of great jazz--spontaneity, soul, the sense of living in the present--along with the refined beauties of classical playing. This  CD contains possibly the best of his recorded performances, and his  colleagues here, Scott LaFaro and Paul Motian, were arguably the most  congenial that he ever had. The trio is recorded here at its peak, just ten  days before before LaFaro's sudden death--in fact this was the last time  they ever played together. Every music lover ought to own this recording.
0786889284|5.0|Mr. Pearson's dialog is in fact very strong. His plots continue to get better and his characters have a depth to them that make his books not only enjoyable to  read but hard to finish.  Hard to finish because I know that when I get to  the last page, I will have to wait a year for him to write another. I read  consantly.  I read a ton of books.  So I feel I can say  that Pearson's plots are always fresh and on the cutting edge.  Period.
630307362X|5.0|This movie has quickly become my all-time favorite.  The music is absolutely breath-taking, as is the acting by Holly Hunter (she won best-actress for this one).  An intense love story with a beautiful and  satisfying ending.
0553212737|4.0|This book is about a wonderful young woman named Emma Woodhouse, who is now the mistress of her father's house.  This book shows Emma to be a warm, caring, sometimes misguided friend and local matchmaker.  This book will  take you on a journey through the wonderful world of the delightful Emma.   Even though this book was sometime hard to read, I strongly recommend this  book to anyone looking for a fun reading experience.
B000002J1O|5.0|Selling England is one fantastic CD. After I'd heard it for the first time, I couldn't quit listening to it. It was an obsession. It still is after all these years. I can control it now though. I highly reccomend this  album. If you like this, you'll love Brand X. Phil Collins is the spine of  both bands.
0783229011|5.0|Wonderful film for all ages to watch. &quot;Pig&quot; seems so genuine and feeling. The film makers did a great job in creating this!  (Only 1 drawback: the giggling mice in the lower part of the screen!)
6302529484|5.0|This true-life drama is an emotional thriller. Peck and Plummer are at their best. I showed this movie to a group of teens, who sat at rapt attention throughout and came away with a clear understanding of how WWII  affected the Jews, the Catholic Church and Italy. Superb!
0790734060|4.0|F.Murray Abraham was wonderfully cast as the composer, Salieri, and was so beliveably emotional as he spoke with the priest about Mozart. Jeffrey Jones played the part of the Emperor very well. His line, &quot;Too many  notes!&quot; is a classic!  The first 2/3 of the movie was very well done;  however, the last 1/3 seems as though it was written by a different staff  of people and it should have had a better closure of Mozart's final days.    Overall, a very deserving film for it's many Oscar nominations!!!
1558908498|4.0|I have never really liked sequels (who does) apart from the obvious pointed out in Scream 2 (T2, The Godfather part 2 and my own favourite Return of the Jedi) but this is truly excellent not as good as Scream but  it kept me guessing right up to the end. As Randy said the bodycount is  higher, there's more gore, and there are more suspects. All in all this is  a cool film. Just one thing I can't believe Sidney's delicious boyfriend  Derek (Jerry O' Connell) is the fat klutz from Stand By Me!
0767817443|5.0|I for one, think that the movie was fine.  Sure, the humans in the film were a bit thin on character, but the film was about Godzilla more than them.  If you came into this with realistic expectations (basically  entertaining eye candy) then you got what you paid for.
B000002J27|5.0|'Entangled', 'Dance on a Volcano' and 'Ripples' are great songs. 'Mad Man Moon' is an epic. Why can't Tony Banks write like this anymore?
630416923X|5.0|This Anthology is one that anyone can not afford to miss. Whether you are a life long Beatlemaniac, or a second generation fanatic, this rockumentary is the best for any information of the Fab Four!
6304145438|5.0|This is a great Capra film.  All the elements are there, comedy, romance and of course, pathos.  This film never fails to get my wife crying.  In particular the scene where George Bailey is in Martinellis' Bar and he is  considering suicide for the insurance money.  WOW.  Jimmy Stewart at his  best.  See this film.
B000005J56|5.0|This album is wonderfully melodic.  I play it in my shop and everyone there - from my 19-50 yr old employees to my customers - love it.  I always get asked about the C.D. everytime it is on.  Many of the songs are  soothing without being insipid.  It's a very live communication on the  album.  I am buying it for everyone this year for Christmas.  It appeals to  all musical tastes.
1559273992|5.0|James Alfred Wight, under the pysdonim James Harriot, delivers a heartwarming tale of life in the english countryside as a veterinarian. I laughed unctollably, sighed, read and re-read this book, and still do on an  almost daily basis.God bless you Alf, whereever you are!!!
0800103661|5.0|I loved this movie!  It makes you reconsider everything you've ever thought about being perfect.  Ethan Hawke was great in this part.  Everyone should see this.  Too think that people would be so predjudiced as to think  someone was stupid because they were not genetically engineered...  The  film gets slightly predicable, during the love interest portion, but other  than that it's spectacular.  I reccommend this to everyone!
0783228317|4.0|I'll say this for it, this movie seems to make people react strongly in favor of it or not.  It does not engender indifference.  Johnny Depp is excellent overall, and is wickedly funny in places.  The remainder of the  cast is good, but I think the directing and/or editing need help.  It  doesn't hang together well in spots.  Watch it when you want something very  different, or you're in a sarcastic frame of mind.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This new Metallica is a welcome relief for the older fans (Justice and beforehand) who are sick of the wussy metal they've been shovelling at us recently.  One mysterious omission (contrary to the Amazon.com review that  states that every cover over the past 16 years is included) is Crash Course  in Brain Surgery (originally recorded by Budgie in 1974)which appeared on  the $5.98 EP - Garage Days Revisited.  It provided such a great lead-in to  the Misfits medley of Last Caress/Green Hell.  Anyone know why it was left  out?
1881273156|5.0|This book is excellent for anyone.  This book not only helps you with your relationship with your significant other, it also helps you with your children.  One thing that stood out for me, is how you treat your children  today will effect their relationships tomorrow.  I recommend that everyone  read this book, wether you are in a good relationship or a bad one, it will  help you to obtain a WONDERFUL relationship.  I am buying one for all my  friends for Christmas.<br />God Bless.
0684833395|1.0|Catch-22 is an anti-war book for the easily led and the ignorant.  It's for people who just say &quot;War is bad&quot; without really thinking about why it's bad.<br />The book is basically Dilbert in World War II.  As in  the comic strip, all the people in charge are unbelievably stupid, don't  care about the people they command, and are extremely selfish.  The common  soldiers are of course much smarter than the commanding officers and try  their hardest to get out of work.  Their unwillingness to fight is  justified (by the book, anyway) because their commanders are just so evil  and stupid.  Everyone's behavior is cartoonish and annoying.<br />This edition  of the book includes a preface by the author in which he, instead of saying  anything useful, writes mostly about how everyone thinks his book is  wonderful.  Well, it's not.
630512065X|4.0|&quot;Cats&quot; is not my favorite show by any means, but  there is one wonderful reason to see this: Elaine Paige.  She is my favorite performer, and her characterazation of &quot;Grizabella&quot; is great.  It is nice to  finally hear her sing &quot;Memory&quot; with Bomburlina (I think that is  the character's name).  I think kids and people who do not get to go to the  theater will enjoy as well.  I am getting a copy for my young nephew!
0792839129|3.0|I bought this video because I remember loving it as a child.  What I'd forgotten was that there is a very scary character who goes around with a net trying to catch children.  I think this movie is great for older kids,  or I wouldn't have remembered it so lovingly, but little ones can only  watch the first 20 minutes or so.
6303282237|5.0|Generally ignored by critics and viewers, El Cid is an undiscovered treasure on the video shelf. It contains many of the same elements that made Braveheart a runaway success: Exciting battle scenes, real emotion,  and the overwhelming necessity of personal sacrifice for a greater cause. A  needed tale for our self-centered times.
0399103422|5.0|I read three books recently, two were by Louis LaAmour an the third was by Mario Puzo. The books by Louis LaAmour were, Heller With A Gun and Man From The Broken Hills. The Godfather was the book by Mario Puzo.At first  thought, it doesn't seem like the two authors would have much in common.   LaAmour writes western and Puzo's book is about the Mafia. This was not the  case, the two authors actually had a lot of things in common.  Although  only the stories by LaAmour took place in the same time period, all three  books portrayed one common theme. Power. Who has it and how to obtain it.  In Man from the broken hills, powerful cattle ranches are fighting over a  range and stolen cattle. In the Godfather, Powerful families are fighting  for power of the Mafia underworld in the United States. In the books by  LaAmour, he tunes in on about four characters and there is one hero.  Puzo  prefers to show all of his characters.  LaAmour made his charaters seem  almost in human, they could do wrong.  Puzo on the otherhand, made his  characters very life like.  As I said before, the stories were about power  and the ways that men obtain it.  In the old west, a man won his battle  when he killed his enemy, the same was true with the Mafia, they won when  the opponent was dead. The only difference is the who did the killings.   The guys in the west would do it themselves and the Mafia bosses would have  their employees do it.  The similarity is that both kinds of executions  would be done in public where peole would see and hear about them.  This  was a display of power.  Both writers have a problem getting to the point,  they beat around the bush until you get bored, then BAM! they wake you up  with a sudden twist.  They both also have a habit of leaving a charater for  awhile and making you wonder what happens to that person.  The books by  LaAmour are shorter than that of Puzo, but they do not suffer.  LaAmour  didn't spend the time on side stories like Puzo did, if had, theywould  have equal length.  Both authors posess the ability to attract your  attention and for the most part keep it. They are both Worthwhile authors  to read.
B000005S0E|5.0|this album is, in my opinion, robert smith's greatest. it trandescends any steriotypes that might have been instilled by the gloomy PORNOGRAPHY it follows with tracks like PIGGY IN THE MIRROR, DRESSING UP, and BIRD MAD  GIRL; yet retains the robert-smith-anger in the brilliantly organized SHAKE  DOG SHAKE and the helter-skelter GIVE ME IT (which is my least favorite  song on THE TOP). the song THE TOP resembles the epic saga styles of the  songs DISINTEGRATION, FAITH, and SIAMESE TWINS. and the pinnacle in  creativity and theme writing that would usually turn one off is ,of course,  THE EMPTY WORLD. i have yet to understand why only THE CATERPILLAR was  released singly. it , in my opinion, is the dullest song on the album, and  certainly not worthy of seperate release, although a version of it was  released later in the MIXED UP album that was quite excellent. this album  is not for early cureheads, and i (thirteen albums later) even have trouble  listening fully to the song THE TOP. but all in all, a brilliant set of  songs.
6304415346|5.0|This film has it all!  Depth for all the charactors, action, romance and killer special effects.  The Borg are awesome!  For the diehard Star Trek Next Generation fan, this is a must film to watch.  Capt Picard, Data, and  the whole history of First Contact are great.  Jonathan Frakes gets to show  his humor and he hits a winner.  Star Trek fan or not, this is a very  entertaining movieto watch.
B00000DGUG|4.0|I have to agree with many of the people who have commented on this site.  The first 1. . .2 or even 3 listens to the album are difficult.  HOWEVER.  . .the more you listen, the more that stands out.  Bottom line - if you  like Alanis' music this album is worth listening to until it finally  &quot;catches.&quot;  Once it does, you will find that the music is just as  satisfying and the words just as intriguing and honest.  Patience for this  one. . .
6302860253|5.0|The characters and the set in Seville intensify this opera beyond its capacity for passion, desire, and despair as Bizet had intended. I can watch and listen to this video often and enjoy it immensely each time.
0767817478|2.0|I feel bad for the wonderful Digital FX crew at Centropolis who put in the hours and the talent only to be let down by Director Roland Emerich and whoever wrote this totally flawed script.  This was NOT written by a real  screenwriter as every stupid mistake possible was made.  Worst is the  outright disrespect for the viewer's intelligence.  For example in one  scene an old man drops a fishing line off a dock into the east river and  suddenly he hooks Godzilla who is at least a mile out to sea. Also this  massive Creature simply disappears in midtown manhattan -- give me a break.   This movie was annoying beyond belief.  The DVD is worth getting only for  the visual FX supervisor's comentary as the movie progresses.
6305177473|5.0|Having seen the original &quot;Parent  Trap&quot; at least 30 times, this remake came at just the right time. We saw the &quot;Parent Trap&quot; as a family, it was a ball. The new sound track is terrific, my daughters (3yrs  and 5yrs) and I sing every song at the top of our lungs.
B00000BIBQ|2.0|Why!? Why did they have to remaster this brilliant album in ear-bludgeoning MONO!?!? This extremely stupid decision defeats the whole purpose of digital remastering, which provides a more expansive, almost 3-D  effect to a stale stereophonic mix - giving each instrument and voice a  separate, clearly defined space and enhancing the overall sound immensely.  I experienced a similar disappointment with a remastered Colloseum CD  (Valentyne Suite) that sounds absolutely horrible in mono. At least give  the consumer a choice between mono or stereo. Better yet, include BOTH  mixes on one CD. The music on this classic album deserves 5 stars. This  particular reissue, however, gets a measly 2 stars for its  &quot;purist&quot; insanity. Grrrrrrrr!!!
B00000FCBC|4.0|Here's how you should listen to this album: listen  to Disc 2 FIRST. With the tracks from Garage Days Revisited and Re-revisited, every Metallica fan will be very pleased, unless you're a bandwagon fan who jumped on the  fanbase recently and doesn't like the old stuff, in which case, you may  like some of Disc 1. <br />I found half of the first disc somewhat  disappointing. A few of the covers are not done to the quality of the  originals (such as &quot;Sabbra Cadabra&quot;). And then there are songs  that simply bite altogether (&quot;Loverman&quot; and &quot;Free Speech for  the Dumb&quot;) However, &quot;Mercyful Fate&quot; and  &quot;Astronomy&quot; are worth the price of the entire album. Other  highlights include &quot;Die, Die My Darling,&quot; &quot;Tuesday's  Gone,&quot; and &quot;Whiskey in a Jar.&quot;<br />In conclusion, if you only  like new Metallica, don't buy it. If you only like old Metallica, go ahead  and get it. If you like both (like me), definitely get it.
B000005HNQ|5.0|IT IS MUSIC FOR SOUL, IT'S GREAT
630512762X|3.0|Face/Off is worth seeing, but I'd be a little miffed if I'd paid $7.50.  The story is based on an interesting premis...what if you could the faces of a good guy and and a bad guy.  I just had plenty of difficulty with the  way they did it.  I just didn't believe that the characters would act the  way they did. And the science was pretty bad as well.  But at Amazon's  prices, I'd buy it and watch it. Once you get past the dumb operation on  the faces, the story is very entertaining.
B000002KOO|5.0|Every group has its heyday.  Then Play On was it for Fleetwood Mac, the blues band.  When you hear their previous records,  they sound very fine but ultimately derivative.  This album is the moment of transformation  and  real creation. It goes beyond just blues but never leaves blues behind.   This record establishes Peter Green as a real heavyweight of rock.  This  album has become better in time as a master work.
6305169187|1.0|An example of total producer and directorial incompetance which may appeal to teenagers of below average intelligence. To a normal adult: the science in this movie is so bad as to be beyond even enjoyment as a &quot;class B  BOMB&quot;
0671001256|5.0|how trite of me to review F. Scott Fitzgerald but i just had to have my say - this book is so wonderful, and the irony involved at the end is so satisfying and yet disturbing.... i rec this one to anyone!
B000001F3C|5.0|The WAR album is a defining work for U2. It contains such great hits as SUNDAY BLOODY SUNDAY, NEW YEARS DAY, and TWO HEARTS BEAT AS ONE. Other great songs are SECONDS (great edge vocals here) and LIKE A SONG. Any mild  U2 fan will enjoy this album.
