B000002I8D|5.0|If Phil Collins had died after writing this one song: \\"In The Air Tonight\\" he would've been celebrated for his nefarious contributions to Brian Eno solo Seventies albums and a curious 1970s group called Brand X.  I own no Brand X and therefor cannot review them.    Before the \\"grand decline\\" of Phil Collins into a miasma of cocktail jazz/thrice removed English Soul posturisims/and utter blandness; There sits this, his first solo album. However it is notable that the sinking of Genesis as a viable band mirrored Phil Collins' rise to blandness 1980-1990s \\"Peter Lemmengello.\\"    The arc was so swift that Hello, I Must Be Going was the TABLA ROSA for the rest of his insipid output.    This singular album among Phil Collins' solo albums is a meisterwerk. It is great. It is good. Buy it. The rest of his solo albums are mere footnotes to this album as far as stylism, quality, and sheer songwriting creativity. It is worth purchasing merely for \\"In The Air Tonight.\\" Its a keeper.    Not that Phil Collons is a major talent here; The \\"swelled and spent\\" other solo albums readily confirm this, easily. But if you want a nice compliment to early post-Gabriel/Hackett Genesis this is the CD to get.    Steve Hackett is a whole other issue. But yeah, I'd definitely say you need this solo album by Phil Collins to understand what was happening at the time. Good psuedo-Stax horns charts.
0316067601|5.0|Read the review in American Rifleman magazine. If it's even half as good as the reviewer says, it will be a great read.  Update:  Good read. Not a major literary work, but that's not what I wanted it to be.  Written from the perspective of someone who's been there, done that, and got the T-shirt.  As we've seen in news headlines in recent months, the men we know as SEALs are extraordinary Americans.  I encourage you to read this book, then go thank a veteran for the freedom they provide us with.
B001F7XIJW|5.0|Gojira's 'The Way of All Flesh' is 12 songs of heavy chugging metal riffage.     Compared to From Mars to Sirius, the musicianship is tight and the record sounds warmer, the drums do sound better. In terms of ingenuity, the album does little things to sound different. It is not as slow and heavy sounding as FMTS but it is probably slightly more creative, a little more clever, and rather than the environmental focus that FMTS had, this record seems very much spiritually influenced.     This is not the Soulfy-esque brand of spirituality, but really touching upon the topics of the soul, kundalini, the astral body and topics found in hinduism and theosophy.    There are some notables here. While most songs are as good as each other, the controversial track is A Sight to Behold, which is more like something you may find on a Cynic album. It sounds very 'French' to me, and I can't seem to really get my head around the annoying electro-vox. But I've read many other opinions from people who say they like it.     The Silver Chord is basically 'filler'. The Lamb of God frontman opens up Adoration for None, however I don't feel it works to benefit the album as the depth of both singers voices are markedly different.    Wolf Down the Earth sounds like it came right from FMTS, and the the title track, the Way of All Flesh is a fast-paced chugger which eventually finishes off at the 6-7 minute mark followed by a fairly pointless seague.    Despite the above critisisms, the other tracks are atypical Gojira. They begin with a massive bang, blowing you off your feet and then take you through their usual gattle-gun type of riffage.  They are very solid and well composed tracks which are distinguishable from each other, which was probably a fault Gojira learnt from FMTS and wanted to fix.    For those familiar with their previous work, this album is not so much a 'step in a new direction' as it is a step sideways. How we see Gojira progress here may be in terms of production but not so much creativity - their first two albums were probably more creative.     Who else would like this album if you've never heard of them before? Well anyone who appreciates Meshuggah, Lamb of God, Bolt Thrower, Carcass, Morbid Angel. Should it be the first Gojira album to get? I don't think so. I think it is worth getting the back catalogue, in particular The Link, and From Mars to Sirius first.    Great album. While Gojira's soul is very much expressed in The Way of All Flesh lyrically, I feel their Heart is still musically within From Mars to Sirius, and perhaps the former albums. 4.5 stars.
B000WCBPOG|5.0|Awesome movie, great soundtrack!  If you are a Beatles fan (even if you're not) this is beautiful music. \\"Let it Be\\" will give you chills! WOW!
B001KVZ6BG|5.0|Danny Boyle goes to India. This is one helluva director who really likes to play the gamut. From \\"Trainspotting\\" to \\"Millions\\". From \\"28 Days Later\\" to \\"Slumdog Millionaire\\". The only thing any of these movies have in common is they're extraordinary works of filmmaking that both critics and consumers seem to love. And you won't find a blockbuster among them, and you probably never will from Mr. Boyle. But the lack of box office recognition will probably be the last thing on Boyle's mind come award season when \\"Slumdog Millionaire\\" predictably becomes an Academy Award sleeper. Is it that good? You betcha!<br /><br />The style, the substance, the tone, the story all scream wow! And all defy description. It's a heart wrenching, gut wrenching, heart tugging, heart warming, soul searching, spirit lifting, epic drama that is as much romantic as it is harrowing, as suspenseful as it is funny.<br /><br />Slumdog is the name attached to orphans that grow up in the human cesspool of Mumbai India that somehow manage to survive much like poly wags would in stagnant pools of waste back here in America. Against all odds. Miracle against miracle, this slumdog grows into a smart, streetwise young man, who makes it onto India's version of \\"Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?\\" And...well, without spoiling the film, all I'll say is \\"he doesn't.\\" \\"Want to be a millionaire, that is.\\"<br /><br />Smart, intuitive, unpredictable and refreshing. With a Hollywood ending that's only succeeded by it's Bollywood ending. Is this one of my favorite movies of the year? You betcha!<br /><br />The film's location and occasional use of subtitles will dampen it's overall appeal. But this should find a very loyal and enthusiastic following on DVD and Blu Ray.
B00003CXPJ|5.0|Not in to this kind of comedy myself, but the kids think it's hilarious. Good for a gift...as long as I don't have to watch it again!
0061122416|4.0|I just completed reading the book \\"The Alchemist\\" by Paulo Coelho. It is a very well written novel about the journey of a shepherd boy towards a treasure. The author has given lot of emphasis about the obstacles he faces and the help he gets along the journey. It ends with how the boy attains his treasure with the help of the omens and some persons he meets along the way.<br /><br />Anyone can relate the incidents in the novel to that of their travel towards destination in personal life. The book is written in a very simple language and provides lot of insight into the life lessons to be learnt. I thoroughly enjoyed every page of this amazing book. I would strongly recommend this book to anyone interested in meaningful fictions.
B001GKJ2E8|4.0|This movie didn't get a lot of hype this summer due to bigger flicks like the new Batman, which is too bad. I'd forgotten all about it till it popped up on Netflix. I have to admit that Angelina and Morgan sold me on the movie from the start. Nice decision from the director to cast them.  However, James Mcavoy was a fresh surprise and his metamorphosis from lowly accountant to deadly assassin was played well and not too over the top.  It's nice to see an action thriller with some good humor tossed in...such as his domineering fat boss, his goofy coworker (the keyboard scene is a riot) or the ATM that tells him how much of a loser he is.<br /><br />Angelina doesn't steal the screen here either.  She actually doesn't even talk that much playing Fox, the assassin who is supposed to train Wesley Gibson (Mcavoy) to kill the assassin who just recently killed his father.  Freeman is head of The Fraternity, the group of assassins who kill people based on a fabric loom who gives them messages of fate, and they are able to bend space and time to always get their kill.  So, there's even a touch of supernatural here; I didn't even know this movie was based on a comic.<br /><br />The special effects are nice, nothing too extreme, mainly car chasing, fighting, and gun action..slow mo of bullets flying around people which is cool. There is a lot of blood though if you don't like that sort of thing.  Morgan practically turns into Samuel L. Jackson in the end with a nice \\"MF\\" quote which I didn't expect.  Kudos again to Mcavoy though for being able to run with the big dogs.  He carried his own here.<br /><br />So, if you like a nice comical movie with some great action, a twist at the end, and a few big actors thrown in, then WANTED is for you.  Don't take it too seriously.  Just sit back and enjoy the ride! One of the best I've seen in a long time thanks to the humor!
1416562605|2.0|I managed to complete reading The White Tiger by Aravind Adiga last week. I normally do not read non-technical books especially fictions. So, I am not the right person to review it either. However, I am trying a hand at it. I got a copy of this book to just see why there is such a hype around that book. It was an easy read for me as the context of the story was quite familiar to me. Let me provide review of this famous Man Booker prize winner of this year.<br /><br />This novel is nothing but a letter to Chinese Premier from a successful entrepreneur called Balram Halwai aka The White Tiger. I can observe that the motivation to write this novel was to show how this person becomes an entrepreneur in Bangalore. He comes from a remote Village near Dhanbad which the author frequently refers as 'Darkness'. He joins as a driver cum servant to a person called Mr Ashok in Dhanbad. The incidents which lead him to murder his boss and migrate to Bangalore in a new avatar of an entrepreneur forms the crux of this novel.<br /><br />This story is quite straight-forward. But the brilliance of the author comes out in stitching lot of interesting incidents together, though there is something artificial in each of those. There is a sense of repetition as the author tries to make fun of each and every system in India. The novel sounds like a typical Manirathnam movie in which he usually would analyze lot of sensitive issues only to conclude the movie without suggesting any proper solution.<br /><br />I have some particular queries once I completed reading the novel. I am not sure if the author tries to convey that settling in a city from a village is the only solution to problems in India. In my opinion this is just an escape from the core problem. Also, I am not sure if the author is supportive of the corporate life in cities which blatantly copy the culture from the west. I would have been satisfied if he had made more fun of urban guys as well.<br /><br />On the whole, I do not see this novel to be a path-breaking one and I am not sure if this novel is worth the hype around it. I agree that there are abundant funny moments in the novel which a non-indian would enjoy. Indian citizens may not like them as they are being shown in bad light.<br /><br />I am certain that, now onwards, high-class people would be very much wary of drivers and servants after knowing the fate of Mr Ashok in this novel. If this is the only change, if any, the author intended to achieve with this novel, he has achieved it with considerable success!g one and I am not sure if this novel is worth the hype around it. I agree that there are abundant funny moments in the novel which a non-indian would enjoy. Indian citizens may not like them as they are being shown in bad light.    I am certain that, now onwards, high-class people would be very much wary of drivers and servants after knowing the fate of Mr Ashok in this novel. If this is the only change, if any, the author intended to achieve with this novel, he has achieved it with considerable success!
B000NVIGC0|5.0|Well if you are not into ballads, this Wilco album is probably not for you.An about-face from Wilco's earlier albums (then again their albums usually are), this album clearly will stir up a lot of controversy because of its gentler,sweeter songs. I for one think its wonderful.I like the mellow, simpler nature of these songs with a twinge of the 70's sound.'Either Way' is probably my favorite track. They take chances and I think it keeps their music always fresh and exciting. If you like this check out other indie artists' albums I like this year, [[ASIN:B001DUH504 Arrica Rose]] and [[ASIN:B001FBSMW6 Keane]]
032147404X|5.0|I was very impressed w/the way this book was put together.  It is very easy to understand.  I believe the info contained in this book will really come in handy.  In fact, I plan to get the part 2.
B0013FSL3E|1.0|Is it only me, or has anyone else noticed that there are scenes simply missing from their discs of Wall-E?  Wall-E inching his way up the trash chute, much more in the repair place, are just two of the scenes that somehow have just gone missing from what I remember seeing in the theater.  This is ridiculous - why would Disney release an animated feature with parts left off, unless their plan is then to release the \\"unedited\\" version later so we have to buy it again?  This one is going back, I'm disgusted....
B001GJ3VYG|4.0|It's a great album, you just have to keep playing it and if you've only heard mp3's of the songs then do yourself a favour, buy the CD and borrow a good CD player. On my NAIM the songs just sound so much better than the mp3 downloads!
0385340567|4.0|I am a peacenik academic and I love Jack Reacher novels.  Jack as a character is decent at heart and only whomps someone when they need it.  He does not hurt the innocent, such as old ladies or even attack dogs (he says dogs are answering to someone else and he stares them down).  This book was a page-turner to me, though a bit different from the other Reacher novels.  I would expect Jack to be apolitical and he was indeed in this book, though I sense some conflict in the author himself who has characters argue about whether or not deserters should be punished.      I certainly don't think it's a bad book because it doesn't agree with someone's political stance.  I'm looking forward to the next.  I've read all that exist so far.
B001F12J3Y|2.0|My son liked The Polar Express the first time he watched the movie in school.  We bought the 3D version hoping it would be like watching Journey to the Center of the Earth.  Unfortunately, it wasn't a bit like it.  Despite our many attempts to change the settings on both our player and TV, it still gave us a terrible headache.  It was a good thing, the pack included a 2D version or else our AUD20 would have gone to waste...  I feel cheated in a way...
B001C08RHA|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie.  Robert Downey Jr really surprised me.  I would definitely recommend this movie.
0810993139|5.0|Amulet Books, 2007, 217 pp. ISBN 0-8109-9455-0      In this funny graphic novel by Jeff Kinney about a \\"wimpy\\" kid, that I wouldn't call exactly wimpy, Gregory Heffly goes to a pretty much normal middle school with one very abnormal friend, Rowley. Greg thinks that he will be rich and famous when he gets older. \\"If you ask me, I think that middle school is just a bad idea\\" he says.  It is kind of like a mildly tragic story to Greg and not-so tragic in others, but it is always very funny! In one part there is the cheese, which Greg guesses just fell out of somebody's sandwich onto a basketball court. It has probably been there for a year or so until somebody touched it!  The middle school is basically a normal middle school wimps haven't hit their growth spurt yet and giants who shave, and morons, all in one school and often one classroom in Gregory's middle school.  Gregory Heffly continues his amazingly funny saga in other books such as Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Roderick Rules, Diary of a Wimpy kid: The Last Straw; and others coming soon!  I would recommend this book to people that like humorous fiction. Now here is why I think that Greg is not exactly wimpy: I think he is not exactly wimpy because he cares about his image, he writes in a journal NOT a diary, although I still think he is quite wimpy, as Greg thinks he is around 52nd or 53rd most popular, Greg guessed that his friend Rowley is around 150th.
B001KQKC0Q|5.0|This latest album from Nickelback is their best yet. It is a good solid mix of Nickelback's old raunchy-rock style music as well as their more recent pop-rock ballad style music. Expect to see several singles come off of this album like \\"Never Gonna Be Alone,\\" \\"If Today Was Your Last Day,\\" \\"This Afternoon,\\" \\"I'd Come For You,\\" as well as the already released \\"Gotta Be Somebody.\\" This album is a MUST HAVE for real Nickelback fans as well as the newly converted ones. NOTE TO PARENTS: There are a couple of songs on the album with A LOT of sexual inuendo that wasn't so obvious in their last album. However, this is the classic Nickelback style and is to be expected. Awesome CD!
B001FD5KJM|5.0|I have never been a comic book guy, and super hero movies are seldom high on my \\"I got to see that\\" list. However due to the almost universal praise of this film by reviewers that I have come to trust, I gave it a try and got the Amazon Video on demand purchase last weekend. I got the Hulk on a rental for the above listed reasons, and quite liked it as well, and was happy I watched it first, to get the tie in of Tony Stark industries...<br /><br />In any case I watched it by myself first because my wife is really not a \\"Comic Book GUY\\" but I thought it was so good I asked her to watch it, and surprisingly she enjoyed it as well. So why does a comic book work as a movie? It is an interesting story about a life changing epiphany, and how the things you want, may not be the ones you need or love. It is an interesting story about the futility of bargaining with evil. And how any evil thing we do may come back to bite us in the backside, no matter the motives.<br /><br />Also... Iron man is a fun movie with wonderful CG's a very cool visual experience. So, leave your disbelief at the door, and enjoy this very fun ride of a movie!<br />4 1/2*
B001E75QGG|1.0|Fans of Temple are going to be pleased with the Crystal Skull's entry into the canon -- your film is no longer the worst film in the series.    Mistake no.1 was rewatching the entire trilogy prior to watching this effort.  Mistake no.2 was letting Lucas anywhere near a pen and a piece of paper.    This film was, bar none, one of the most disappointing and depressing moments I have ever experienced in the flickerhouse.    The tone and the pacing is entirely off. The original three were famous for their non-stop rollercoaster cavalcade of fun, hijinks and action. Crystal Skull is a ponderous exersize into banal and endless - and I mean endless - exposition and dialogue. The use of the original Paramount logo is the highpoint; it is literally downhill from thereon. And when Indy goes up against an atomic bomb and wins, you know exactly what type of a film you are up against.    Before production began, Lucas et al. took great pains to explain to us how this film was going to be shot 'old school', i.e. those awful computers were going to be kept far, far away from Indy. Well, they lied. CGI bobbins surround almost every sequence, taking us totally out of that universe we came to love. It doesn't help either that somehow they have been unable to provide us with one action sequence of note in the entire 124 minute production. What is Indy without fast-paced, riotous action?    Blanchette is hideous, woefully miscast and in entirely the wrong film. Oh, how we long for the Nazis...the Soviets are bumbling, ineffectual and pose no threat throughout. And the less said about Shai LaPuff the better.    There is one scene in the film where Indy looks wistfully down on his desk at photos of Brody and his father, Mr Connery, never before has an actor been more sorely missed. It is at that moment the audience is cued in instantly to what is missing, and why this series should never go before the cameras again.    Indy is and always will be a trilogy. This film is dead to me.
078322804X|5.0|I didn't realize I bought this here, but this is a classic flick if there ever was one. At least for the guys. Great blues type music through out the movie, a lot of great musician cameos, and one of the best SNL made movies ever.
0307269752|5.0|To read this book which is translated from the original Swedish can be at times tedious because of some of the spelling, individual names, and the locations but as you get into the book this only serves to make the story more appealing and desirable.  Being a reader of many mystery novels allowed me to compare this book with the writings of many other writers and I find it to be among the best.<br /><br />The author has taken time to weave a very masterful story of murder, suspense, and intrigue with a cast of characters that make it a delightful read.  He takes you from a dysfunctional family to a magazine editor and writer to a very different lady (the lady with the dragon tattoo) to a mystery that happened decades ago to modern corporate culture of secrecy. The amazing thing is that this journey contains so many twists and turns the reader never loses interest in the journey.  The reader will be surprised by some events, may have managed to guess some others, but will not be completely finished until the last paragraph of the book, very much a surprise for this reader.<br /><br />It is a tragedy that the author died so early and was not able to complete his professional calling.  I am looking forward to his next published manuscript which is due in the fall of 2009.<br /><br />This book is as good as it gets for a mystery and its characters and I recommend it to anyone who enjoyes reading.
B0000A02U2|5.0|Animal house is another one of National Lampoons greats. Classic comedy about frats and I believe the first. Nothing really compares since then.
031606792X|1.0|I was really afraid that I wouldnt like this book after reading a spoiler on it so I held off for quite awhile after devouring the other three books. I bought it, read it and returned it the next day, it was that bad!There was no way it was going to sit next the other three books and take up valuable space on my book shelf. I'm glad I finished the series but in many ways I wish I never had read the last one. To me, it tarnished such a great saga.  I am all for happy endings, I loved the idea of Bella and Edward finally getting to be together as vampires,but the way SMeyer went about creating that reality was bitterly disappointing.    Overall this book was sloppy and incohesive. The Cullen family (who I normally love) seem wooden, Jacob alittle creepy, Bella annoying in her new found beauty, strength and grace, and the idea of Edward impregnating Bella is ridiculous. It seems to me that SMeyer was too focused on \\"Happy Endings\\" for all involved and not focusing on anything else.   All I can say is this book flat out Sucked! I was so disapointed in it I went back and read it again because I was afraid I wasn't giving it a chance. After a second reading my opinion was unchanged, it still  sucked.
B000053ZRR|3.0|Over all this had the best rating so that is why I picked it up. After watching the first few songs, I thought when did he try to sing and hold notes so much in his music. I assume it was because he knew he was going to be putting this out for DVD and wanted to show off. Maybe the mixer just had his voice more prominent. Either way, looks like he puts on a great show, but I guess I was just expecting more possibly. Over all it has the songs you want and good concert footage in Europe.
B001EL6EH2|5.0|Hi Def makes B&W show the artistic attention put into film back in the day!<br />I looked at the Casablanca BD and, 'Wow', the HD format is perfect for serious B&W cinematography. Yes this is worth the upgrade just to see how classic B&W films CAN look at home on your system. It is in mono and it is square and if that's a problem; you got a problem. The Day the Earth Stood Still BD and this in the same week. I'm feeling good about Blu-Ray.<br /> I have issues with the packaging, The lattice case should have been on heaver stock and the box holding the 'uninteresting passport & luggage tag' makes the whole thing twice its size! An irritating waste of space; but I have a solution. I'm going to shrink wrap some sand, label it 'Exclusive Moroccan Sand' and slide it into the offending box! Cigarette butts were suggested. There is a nice coffee table book & lobby cards inside; and the discs have lots of extras.<br />24 hrs. and the lattice die cut Casablanca cover is already falling apart. Now it's an 'arts & craft' project; thank you. Warners' art department has been taken over by turnips from outer space. The special packaging is a rip-off, but the discs are worth it.
B001B0AY68|5.0|Jeff Shannon is clearly misinformed. The \\"usual creative differences\\" mentioned resulted from Cox's refusal to abide by Hunter S. Thompson's specific instructions NOT to use an animated sequence during the period of the film where Depp is sitting at a type-writer reminiscing about the San Fransico Bay Area during the mid-60's. Beyond that, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a story about a man trying to find the American dream.  Oh, and another thing, the \\"so-called lawyer\\" is based entirely on Hunter's real life attorney and friend Oscar Zeta Acosta, who was an important activist and civil rights attorney. Perhaps Mr. Shannon should actually read Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, and some more of H.S. Thompson's work. In fact, I think it would serve him well to read more and write less in general. I can't believe Amazon pays him for this sequacious drivel.
0143038583|3.0|This book was well written and the author obviously put his heart, soul, and lots of research into it. But it bears the inevitable mark of a book written by a person who is a novice in the subject he is writing about. It is journalism, not research - and far from science. There is way too much sensationalism and jumping to conclusions for my taste.    One thing that significantly annoyed me was Pollan's \\"wild\\" meal, of which nearly all the calories, except for the pork, were from store-bought, cultivated foods. He wouldn't buy one or two organic veggies to embellish a Burger King value meal and then call it an \\"organic\\" meal, so why did he do something comparable with his foraged meal?     I was also disgusted with the elitism that he expressed again and again throughout the book. I was surprised by his blatant condescension toward Joel Salatin, which reveals a deep-seated us-and-them worldview. He comes to no conclusion, no solution, in this book, because an obvious part of the solution to a sustainable food system is that more people need to be ivolved in growing food and feeding themselves. He doesn't want to do this himself; he feels that it is beneath him, so certainly he is not going to lead the discussion to this most appropriate end place.    An example of Pollan's poor scholarship is his discussion of a test that supposedly can tell how much corn a person is composed of. I teach about food, and have been hearing people talk about this \\"corn test\\" ever since the book came out. But there is no such test. The test he mentions can only differentiate between plants using two types of photosynthetic process: C3 and C4. Corn is a C4 plant. The test tells you how much of an organism's tissue is derived from c4 versus c3 plants. This would be a \\"corn test\\" only if corn was the only c4 plant. But there are thousands of others, and many of them are common foods. Like sugar cane. The \\"corn test\\" cannot even differentiate cane sugar from corn syrup. It also cannot differentiate grass-fed from corn-fed beef, as the grasses and forbs on many range areas, particularly in the arid west, are primarily c4. It seems that Pollan got the idea from a specific study in which archeologists sampled bones from one specific area of Mexico. The archeologists presumed that when a shift in c3/c4 ratios (toward more c4) was seen in the bones, that this represented the shift from a diet of acorns and avocadoes as staples to one of corn and amaranth as staples. If the assumptions are correct, this may be true, but the way Pollan wrote of this test was egregiously misleading. As an author read by millions, one has a respionsibility not to spread this sort of misinformation; now, due solely to his lack of either diligence or intelligence (and I'm assuming the faormer), it will permeate our culture for a generation.    But hey, it's an entertaining read, and it generates thought. I know this review sounds very negative, but I liked the book even if parts of it made me seethe. Definitely get it, read it, and contemplate.
B0013LPS7U|5.0|I was fortunate to have access to very good College radio from Cleveland Ohio and to also see U2 at The (original) Cleveland Agora (since burned down)I saw U2 on tour Supporting \\"Boy\\" and also \\"October\\" at this venue  and was right in front of the stage with a few pals.I can still see the band  and remember walking out of both shows just completely in awe, I did manage to get a U2 Concert Poster from the Boy show off of the wall on my way out and still have it!. I did see the Band supporting \\"War\\" at the Cleveland  Music Hall as well and I consider myself very lucky. To me U2 Live is where they shine, They are very cohesive and Bono had the crowd in he palm of his  hands, At their young age they showed a ability that showed up later just how well they could play, write , record and play live. I would prefer live U2 over studio but enjoy anything they have done in the studio as well, with Steve Liilywhite, Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois (among others) including Flood they have utilized very diverse producers and engineers and mastering people. Their long time Manager Paul McGuiness is in the background but had guided them well . If you can afford the set or just one of the remastered editions go for it!
0307455874|5.0|I took in every word of this book, and felt as if this man understood everything I felt to be right and wrong with the world.  More important than who agrees or disagrees with what Obama's plans and viewpoints are, is the push to get out and make a difference.  If you're looking for something to inspire you to do something for your country or your community, it's a great read and asks you to look into your own life and legacy on this planet to make your own mark on it.
0425098478|5.0|An excellent must read for all managers.  Easy to read once a year to keep on track.
0143038583|5.0|[[ASIN:0143038583 The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals]]    I have to caution you that reading this book might make you never want to eat corn-fed beef again.  I won't ruin it for you, but since I read this book I can't eat anything but free-range chicken and grass-fed beef.  That stuff isn't easy to find and ain't cheap to buy.  So beware.  Once you know what Michael Pollan explains, you can't un-know it.  Or you have to suppress it with a herculean denial effort.  So you've been warned.    Having said that, I'm glad I read this book and I'm grateful to have been taught the truth.  Animals deserve our respect, especially if we're going to eat them.
B00005JLR8|5.0|As someone who lost a sibling as a child, I can confirm that the sentiments in this movie are right on target. One reviewer criticizes these parents, but misses the point. The ET doll scene is not about ego but about how desperate one father is to heal the hole in his daughter's heart and find a sign that somehow things can turn around and be all right again. Is it a dumb thing to do? Sure. Is it believable under these circumstances? Yes.    The bottom line: This movie is about HEALING. It's amazing these parents could even get out of bed every day. What do they say to do on a plane when the oxygen goes out? Use the mask for yourself first; it's the only way to help your children. These parents are trying to find their way back to the living so they can all be well again. It is portrayed from the eyes of a child, and to me, it looks very very real. This is a movie not about bad parenting but about hope. I wish there were more out there like it.
B001C48EGK|5.0|This film is a pamphlet and as such is an essential film in our consciousness of reality the way it may be in this globalized world. It shows how the West cannot win the war in which we have engage ourselves without even thinking it over twice. The war that must be stopped at once, and at once is already too late, that war against Islam, even if we pretend at times it is only against the Arabs because we don't want to know better, this war is lost, and was lost even before starting it, because it is not a war against terror at all , but a war against those who don't want to be westernized because we have been dumb enough to pretend that the American way of life was the future of the world, once again without even thinking it over twice. But what can we do in that situation? Nothing, absolutely nothing. The war is in fact between those in the Moslem world who want to move with history and benefit from the alleviating technology of the modern world on one hand, and the others in the Moslem world who do not want that alleviating effect because for them suffering and physical exhaustion and corporal punishments are the norm and have to go on for ever because they are the law of god. They can accept modern technology but only if it enables them to fight the world that has produced it. In fact the conflict is a conflict we have known before them when we were divided between those who wanted to go on with the good old faith that was telling us every single detail we were supposed to respect, accept and suffer in our daily life in the name of our own god and in the patient expectation of the coming redemption of our liberation by death. That was the struggle we had to fight for education against those who wanted to keep us uneducated. And it is the fight we are still fighting in our modern countries against those who do not see the necessity of restructuring our economy, our political system, our daily life and want to keep everything the way it has always been, ... well at least the way it has been for fifty years or so, maybe even less. They would certainly not torture anyone, except that they do sabotage the railroads and everyone would like to make us believe that it is not dangerous for anyone. Ask the students who would like to study for their future and who are blocked out of their classrooms by minorities who are  numerous enough (most of the time a couple of dozens) to block the lifts that go up in the buildings and that blockade makes the security services stop all possible circulation in the buildings and on campus if necessary in the name of the risks people would run if they let them go through the blocking picket lines. The film is thus an absolute denunciation of the war on terror as being lost even before being fought, and as a means to make our own best patriots and soldiers regress to the level of pure animals, birds of prey, carnivorous saber tigers straight out of the jungle or Siberia, in one word regress back to the time of the crusades. And finally this film reveals to anyone who wants to know about it how the present surveillance based on the satellites over our heads enables the people behind the screens that receive their images to see details that are so small that they could not have a better view if they were just ten yards away. That mess was not created by Bush, of course not. He was just dumb enough to fall into the trap and Cheney was dumb enough to believe he could win that war, and John McCain knows how to win a war, like the one in Vietnam, or the one in Somalia, or the one in Afghanistan, or the one in Iraq, or ... what would the next one be if these warmongers had the power to start a new one? And imagine the mess Barack Obama has to clean up, because now the eggs have been broken the omelet must be cooked. Good luck if we do not want the whole kitchen to explode knowing there are tons of flame sensitive explosive hovering just one foot over the gas-burner.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelinesis Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
B001IC6TL8|5.0|The intrepid CORAline Jones discovers adventure far over and above what she bargained for, but manages to save herself and five other souls from \\"The Devastation\\", when she discovers an other-ly, and ultimately terrifying, version of her world behind a bricked-up doorway in the new flat she and her family have moved into.    It's a cold English summer, a few weeks before the start of a new school year, when Coraline's work-at-home mom and dad buy a flat that is part of a larger house. There is much for Coraline, a bright and inquisitive child, to explore in the world around her new home. She gets to know her eccentric neighbors--two retired and aging actresses and their Scotty dogs in one flat, and a \\"crazy old man\\" in another flat. She explores the overgrown \\"garden\\" (yard, to us US residents)--checking out the old tennis courts, the meadows, the abandoned well, animals, and so on.    All goes well for a couple of weeks, until the day when it starts to rain. It rains like it really means it--turning everything into muddy soup. Coraline, bored and restless, explores the flat, which is itself unremarkable, with one notable exception. There is a locked door in the drawing room (with the uncomfortable furniture) that leads to nowhere. When her mom unlocks and opens it, Coraline sees only a brick wall, presumably separating their flat from the adjacent, empty flat. That night, she begins to hear funny noises and have weird dreams.    One day when her mother is out buying food, Coraline decides to unlock the mysterious door in the off-limits drawing room, this time finding, not a wall, but a dark hallway leading to what appears to be the same apartment in which her family lives. Sort off. There is even an \\"other mother\\" and an \\"other dad\\", who are like her own in some ways, except for a few small details, like having big, black buttons for eyes. Her other mother is happy that Coraline has finally joined them, and she intends to get the girl to live with them.    Well, that's when things really start to get interesting, but I'll leave that up to you to read for yourself. Neil Gaiman creates a warped and fantastical world for the brave and resourceful Coraline to come to grips with. The evil other-mother is behind this creative and terrifying other world. New and creepy surprises at every turn. Will she make it? Will she be able to get her real parents back? Will you be able to read it without being afraid?    I thoroughly enjoyed reading \\"Coraline\\" and finding out how everything worked out. She is a sympathetic protagonist and the reader is really drawn inti her world. I recommend this book to all readers. And I can't wait to see the movie--it will make a GREAT, suspense-filled movie.    (BTW, I read my first Neil Gaiman book this past week. I am now on my fourth one. All different and all fun to read.)
B000MNP2KI|5.0|The DVD casino royale is not compatible to my austrian DVD player, so please can you send me a german version of it. We love James Bond and do not want to have something else, it is a present for christmas.
B001ICBI5U|5.0|The intrepid CORAline Jones discovers adventure far over and above what she bargained for, but manages to save herself and five other souls from \\"The Devastation\\", when she discovers an other-ly, and ultimately terrifying,  version of her world behind a bricked-up doorway in the new flat she and her family have moved into.    It's a cold English summer, a few weeks before the start of a new school year, when Coraline's work-at-home mom and dad buy a flat that is part of a larger house. There is much for Coraline, a bright and inquisitive child, to explore in the world around her new home. She gets to know her eccentric neighbors--two retired and aging actresses and their Scotty dogs in one flat, and a \\"crazy old man\\" in another flat. She explores the   overgrown \\"garden\\" (yard, to us US residents)--checking out the old tennis courts, the meadows, the abandoned well, animals, and so on.      All goes well for a couple of weeks, until the day when it starts to rain. It rains like it really means it--turning everything into muddy soup. Coraline, bored and restless, explores the flat, which is itself unremarkable, with one notable exception. There is a locked door in the drawing room (with the uncomfortable furniture) that leads to nowhere. When her mom unlocks and opens it, Coraline sees only a brick wall, presumably separating their flat from the adjacent, empty flat. That night, she begins to hear funny noises and have weird dreams.    One day when her mother is out buying food, Coraline decides to unlock the mysterious door in the off-limits drawing room, this time finding, not a wall, but a dark hallway leading to what appears to be the same apartment in which her family lives. Sort off. There is even an \\"other mother\\" and an \\"other dad\\", who are like her own in some ways, except for a few small details, like having big, black buttons for eyes. Her other mother is happy that Coraline has finally joined them, and she intends to  get the girl to live with them.    Well, that's when things really start to get interesting, but I'll leave that up to you to read for yourself. Neil Gaiman creates a warped and fantastical world for the brave and resourceful Coraline to come to grips with. The evil other-mother is behind this creative and terrifying other world. New and creepy surprises at every turn. Will she make it?  Will she be able to get her real parents back? Will you be able to read it without being afraid?     I thoroughly enjoyed reading \\"Coraline\\" and finding out how everything worked out.  She is a sympathetic protagonist and the reader is really drawn inti her world. I recommend this book to all readers. And I can't wait to see the movie--it will make a GREAT, suspense-filled movie.    (BTW, I read my first Neil Gaiman book this past week. I am now on my fourth one. All different and all fun to read.)
0312944098|5.0|I've been reading Archer's books since the age of 13 (yes, they are that readable) and at 24 still open each new novel with much anticipation (yes, the plots continue to entertain).    But of late I've been disappointed. Sons Of Fortune was a chore to complete (perhaps I expected another Kane and Abel). False Impression was slightly better and Cat O'Nine Tales was alright. But I started to wonder if we would ever see another As The Crow Flies (in my opinion, that was his last truly remarkable book).    Then came A Prisoner Of Birth. Written in the simple style which Archer is known (and panned by critics) for, its riveting storyline captures the reader's attention from the very first chapter (I won't say page - that's a bit of a stretch). This was one book I found myself reading whenever I could - before bed, during meals and yes, in the bathroom.    I won't talk about the plot, as there are many first-class reviews on Amazon.com that already do. But I will say that I particularly enjoyed the many sub-plots scattered throughout the novel. There are always a few intriguing mysteries that appear and are resolved after a few chapters. This results in a sprinkling of 'little twists' that the reader gets to savour every now and then.    All in all, to paraphrase the protagonist, this novel is a 'real diamond', one that made me chuckle, cry and curse. It's probably Archer's finest since Kane and Abel. To quote another of the characters - 'Chapeau, Archer'.
0061649694|5.0|The intrepid CORAline Jones discovers adventure far over and above what she bargained for, but manages to save herself and five other souls from \\"The Devastation\\", when she discovers an other-ly, and ultimately terrifying, version of her world behind a bricked-up doorway in the new flat she and her family have moved into.    It's a cold English summer, a few weeks before the start of a new school year, when Coraline's work-at-home mom and dad buy a flat that is part of a larger house. There is much for Coraline, a bright and inquisitive child, to explore in the world around her new home. She gets to know her eccentric neighbors--two retired and aging actresses and their Scotty dogs in one flat, and a \\"crazy old man\\" in another flat. She explores the overgrown \\"garden\\" (yard, to us US residents)--checking out the old tennis courts, the meadows, the abandoned well, animals, and so on.    All goes well for a couple of weeks, until the day when it starts to rain. It rains like it really means it--turning everything into muddy soup. Coraline, bored and restless, explores the flat, which is itself unremarkable, with one notable exception. There is a locked door in the drawing room (with the uncomfortable furniture) that leads to nowhere. When her mom unlocks and opens it, Coraline sees only a brick wall, presumably separating their flat from the adjacent, empty flat. That night, she begins to hear funny noises and have weird dreams.    One day when her mother is out buying food, Coraline decides to unlock the mysterious door in the off-limits drawing room, this time finding, not a wall, but a dark hallway leading to what appears to be the same apartment in which her family lives. Sort off. There is even an \\"other mother\\" and an \\"other dad\\", who are like her own in some ways, except for a few small details, like having big, black buttons for eyes. Her other mother is happy that Coraline has finally joined them, and she intends to get the girl to live with them.    Well, that's when things really start to get interesting, but I'll leave that up to you to read for yourself. Neil Gaiman creates a warped and fantastical world for the brave and resourceful Coraline to come to grips with. The evil other-mother is behind this creative and terrifying other world. New and creepy surprises at every turn. Will she make it? Will she be able to get her real parents back? Will you be able to read it without being afraid?    I thoroughly enjoyed reading \\"Coraline\\" and finding out how everything worked out. She is a sympathetic protagonist and the reader is really drawn inti her world. I recommend this book to all readers. And I can't wait to see the movie--it will make a GREAT, suspense-filled movie.    (BTW, I read my first Neil Gaiman book this past week. I am now on my fourth one. All different and all fun to read.)
B000LC55F2|5.0|First off, to all who enjoyed Christopher Nolan's \\"The Prestige\\", do yourself a favor and pick up a copy of Christopher Priest's novel by the same name. That book served as the basis for this film.    This is truly one of my favorite films. Bale is terrific as always as Alfred Borden, and Jackman delivers what I consider to be his finest performance as the obsessive, vindictive Robert Angier. Michael Caine's supporting role as Angier's ingenieur of allusions is a charming and vital, as the opening and closing narration are provided by his character.  The lovely Scarlett Johansson also delivers one of the finest performances of her young career.    I won't summarize the plot of the film, as that's already been done thoroughly by past reviewers, but I will comment on the differences between the book and the film.    As you might imagine, the film is much different.  The book begins with a journalist venturing to the home of a descendent of Angier for an interview.  The majority of the book and most of the content of the film comes from the personal diary of Angier and retellings by Angier's descendent. In the book, the rivalry between Borden and Angier begins not with the accidental death of Angier's wife, but with Borden sabotaging a seance of Angier's at a private residence.  The book goes into great and fascinating detail about the pasts of the two main characters, which was, in my opinion, a major omission from the film.      I want to go into greater detail about the differences, but I'm afraid I'd spoil a great read for whomever takes my advice and reads the book.  Overall, the film is terrific.  If you were fascinated by the film, I highly recommend that you delve into the book, which provides much greater insight into the characters.
0061649708|5.0|The intrepid CORAline Jones discovers adventure far over and above what she bargained for, but manages to save herself and five other souls from \\"The Devastation\\", when she discovers an other-ly, and ultimately terrifying, version of her world behind a bricked-up doorway in the new flat she and her family have moved into.    It's a cold English summer, a few weeks before the start of a new school year, when Coraline's work-at-home mom and dad buy a flat that is part of a larger house. There is much for Coraline, a bright and inquisitive child, to explore in the world around her new home. She gets to know her eccentric neighbors--two retired and aging actresses and their Scotty dogs in one flat, and a \\"crazy old man\\" in another flat. She explores the overgrown \\"garden\\" (yard, to us US residents)--checking out the old tennis courts, the meadows, the abandoned well, animals, and so on.    All goes well for a couple of weeks, until the day when it starts to rain. It rains like it really means it--turning everything into muddy soup. Coraline, bored and restless, explores the flat, which is itself unremarkable, with one notable exception. There is a locked door in the drawing room (with the uncomfortable furniture) that leads to nowhere. When her mom unlocks and opens it, Coraline sees only a brick wall, presumably separating their flat from the adjacent, empty flat. That night, she begins to hear funny noises and have weird dreams.    One day when her mother is out buying food, Coraline decides to unlock the mysterious door in the off-limits drawing room, this time finding, not a wall, but a dark hallway leading to what appears to be the same apartment in which her family lives. Sort off. There is even an \\"other mother\\" and an \\"other dad\\", who are like her own in some ways, except for a few small details, like having big, black buttons for eyes. Her other mother is happy that Coraline has finally joined them, and she intends to get the girl to live with them.    Well, that's when things really start to get interesting, but I'll leave that up to you to read for yourself. Neil Gaiman creates a warped and fantastical world for the brave and resourceful Coraline to come to grips with. The evil other-mother is behind this creative and terrifying other world. New and creepy surprises at every turn. Will she make it? Will she be able to get her real parents back? Will you be able to read it without being afraid?    I thoroughly enjoyed reading \\"Coraline\\" and finding out how everything worked out. She is a sympathetic protagonist and the reader is really drawn inti her world. I recommend this book to all readers. And I can't wait to see the movie--it will make a GREAT, suspense-filled movie.    (BTW, I read my first Neil Gaiman book this past week. I am now on my fourth one. All different and all fun to read.)
B00102F5WK|3.0|\\"Rendition\\" sheds light on the outrageous policy of extraordinary rendition, a policy that allows the U.S. government to detain persons of interest with no formal warrant or explanation.  The plot of the film has been well-explained by other reviewers, so I won't go into that.  This film had so much potential to bring forth new, compelling information about rendition, but failed to do so.  Instead, it succombed to typical Hollywood theatrics.  I suppose it's still worth a viewing, though, if you want to learn the basics of this outrageous policy.      What's much more worthy of attention is the documentary \\"Outlawed\\", which is featured in the special features on this disc.  \\"Outlawed\\" tells the story of a German man who was captured and detained for nearly 5 years.  In those five years, he was transported between several \\"underground\\" prisons in several different locations around the world. The documentary is a long interview with the man recalling his nightmare experience. It is truly riveting.  I wept openly when first I saw it.    All in all, the film is a disappointment, but, as I've mentioned, the documentary included in the special features is superb.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Simply love this album and never get tired of hearing it. I'm not a major Tool or Maynard fan, just really love this one. It really flows well from one track to the next and there are no weak songs. The lyrics/vocals are all exceptional, the percussion is phenomenal, and I love the heavy bass tempo. I usually can always can pick a favoite track from any album but not this one. I highly recommend. To hear some comparable music, check out the band Portal's Blood Red Tape (2008). It's in the mp3 section hear for samples and can also be had at cdbaby.
0545128285|4.0|Obviously nothing near as spectacular as the HP books, I found the fairy tales very interesting, and Albus Dumbledore's commentary even more so. The vague references to book burning/banning make me wonder if Jo was intentionally (...really, there's very little doubt in my mind that she wasn't) mocking the likes of Laura Mallory.  If so, good for her ;)  I loved Jo's illustrations and I really would like to know why she didn't illustrate the HP books.  Did anyone else catch the sign of the deathly hallows on the fountain?  I also liked the footnotes, particularly the one explaining more about Nearly Headless Nick.  My favorite of the stories was 'The Fountain of Fair Fortune'.  I really disliked only one story, 'The Warlock's Hairy Heart', finding it gruesome and I thought it could have had a happier, saner ending.  Nevertheless, I really can't wait to read this book to my kids as bedtime stories!
1594201927|5.0|Ferguson has written a \\"must-read\\" book for anyone who enjoys history, finance, or who would like to put our current financial situation into the larger context of history. The genius of this book is that he focuses on the broad topics of the history of money.  He doesn't lose the reader in details when describing the evolution of money and the world's financial systems. One of the things I most enjoyed was his use of the different components of our financial system to describe its evolution.  All along the way Ferguson shares with the reader why certain nations were/ are more evolved than others, and shares a glance into the future.    Overall, a well written book that I highly recommend!
0670020745|5.0|You've made a difference in daily living by proving how much we can do to help ourselves be better human beings. Thank you!  Ann Laforest
B00005R2IS|5.0|April 12, 2009 will mark the 30th anniversary of the Australian release of this film, which was later released in the US during the summer of 1980.  Being nine years wiser since my original review posting to this website, I still can't understand why some one (perhaps George Miller himself) doesn't produce an uncut, definitive version of this film on DVD.  However, since we're talking about a 30 year old film, personal priorities and what's happening in the world itself, perhaps there's no interest anymore in classic cult cinema.  I sit here typing this message today while watching my DVD version of the film knowing that filmmakers are bound by certain rules when putting stories to film.  However, one can hope and dream...can't they.  Here's a hyperlink to a website that speaks to those cut scences I told about in my original 1999 posting: [...]  I'm reminded of the monologue at the beginning The Road Warrior...'my life fades, the vision dims...'
031606792X|3.0|It's definitely not Shakespeare.  As far as syntax, I cringed a lot.  But I have disapproved so strongly of Bella since the beginning of the series, and everything she stands for that I am glad she transformed into a completely unrelatable character in this book.  Before Breaking Dawn, I found myself longing for Bella's situation, aka to do nothing ever except hang out with a really hot rich guy & his awesome family/be rescued from mortal peril.  But there is virtually nothing relatable about Bella's situation in this book, so that longing was replaced by just thinking how cool it would be to be a vampire.  And be in a league of vampire x-men.  If Breaking Dawn has achieved anything, it might be the push that young women and girls like myself need to get away from this series and find heroines worth reading about.
B001F0TM5I|4.0|I'll rate this for the film, not the fact that they havent release a verson they promised to release. The film's great alittle on the short side but great all around, I rather like this verson alot cause of the extra footage that wasnt on at the theater, great overall for diehard fans but letting you want more extras for others.
B000O178BY|5.0|I'll make this quick... I've been an NIN fan for about 10 years now, and this album has become my number one favorite. It's my favorite because Trent is willing to take it to the next level, with or without his fan base...like you people screaming for more Fragile work. The Fragile has already been made. If you want to listen to the Fragile, or singles like Closer, then put in the old CDs. This is a concept album in its finest. If you try to open your mind and listen to it as it was intended, as a soundtrack to the end of the world and a wake-up call to how we can start to make ourselves better people, you might show some appreciation. The album progresses from current happenings in the world, to deeper, more substantial content that leads to the end of the world through \\"In This Twilight\\" and \\"Year Zero.\\" This album is truly epic....a \\"sound explosion\\" as Trent puts it. It's got everything I could ever want - real, honest beliefs, thought-provoking lyrics, amazing musicianship (can't find anyone to match his creativity, and I mean that sincerely...not anyone), all thrown in with the classic NIN sound. I can't believe you call yourselves old fans of NIN and \\"can't stand\\" this album...unbelievable. But, I guess I can understand it....you honestly need to be on a whole other level to get into this. Reznor is way ahead of his time, and any real fan of music, anyone that listens day in and day out, can attest to this. Thank you for a truly outstanding piece of art, and keep doing your thing. I love it, and I know countless others that do...we love you.
B001GQACGO|3.0|If there is one problem with I Am Sasha Fierce it's because the songs are consistently alike. Beyonce uses three main ingredients. Ranging from guitar cuts like \\"That's Why You're Beautiful\\", piano tunes like \\"Broken Hearted Girl\\", and club jams like the Lil' Wayne inspired \\"Diva\\". Making the album a redundant less than stellar effort.     Tunes that break free from her formulaic pack include \\"Halo\\", \\"Ego\\", the hit \\"Single Ladies\\" \\"Sweet Dreams\\" and the reflective melody \\"If I Were A Boy\\".    Other stand out offerings are the mellow sounds of \\"Disappear\\", and a modern spin of the classic \\"Ave Maria\\". The album picks up momentum by its closing with \\"Scared of Lonely.     While I Am Sasha Fierce may not be a masterpiece, all Beyonce aka Sasha Fierce fans should enjoy its efforts.
0316017922|3.0|As with the other books by Gladwell, this book focused on an aspect of people and life that forces the reader to think differently from the norm.  While I found I found the book interesting, that was the extent of my learning.  The other two books have been useful in relating to others and in success in business and communication.  This one is just interesting.  We don't always have to learn something from what we read, but I read Gladwell to learn, to be inspired, and to have greater insight into others that helps me in business. This didn't do it.
B000VE439Y|3.0|Sort of Saturday Night Live does Christ in a bad way... Although the acting is good and the comedy lines well done, it is so sad that they dishonor<br />the main part of what makes our civilization civil?<br />That we believe legend as written or that there is humor in our lack of belief is probably what I dispute here:<br />not that the comedy is well done or not.<br />There is no way to tell after more than 2000 years where fact starts and<br />myth begins, but making fun of that ancient landmark life that transformed a barbarian Empire into something more is just pretty tasteless even if British upper class endorsed.
B00012QLQ4|2.0|Won't go into lengthy description (plenty of other reviews for that), but as someone admittedly new to anime, I was told that I HAD TO see Akira (and read numerous reviews that said the same).  I was very anxious to watch it, but found it to be anything but what the reviews said.  I have chalked it up to one of those films that is a classic because everybody says it is because everybody says it is because everybody says it is...
074356619X|5.0|Ok, for all you cynics guess what the secret is \\"What You think about comes about\\". That's it Aristotle said it and probably way before him. So why I liked this book it's a reminder. Get it on tape and listen to it in your car instead of the crap on the radio. In fact stop listening all together to the radio and the negativity and get Eckhart Tolle Now. And wake up you are what you think about and we create what we think about and if you doubt that look around you and what you have and what your life is about and you will see.
B000OZ2CZW|5.0|For you nay-sayers out there, true, Rihanna does not have the \\"best\\" singing voice in the world (if by BEST you mean a 3 octave range and a penchant for over-singing EVERY NOTE).  What she does have is a unique vocal tone that supplies the perfect attitude (icy and cool, yet, sweet and soulful) to each song on \\"good girl gone bad.\\"  Speaking of songs, there hasn't been a stronger, more diverse collection of HIT SINGLES on one album since Michael Jackson's \\"THRILLER.\\"  That is a bold statement, but it is absolutely true (even more so for the RELOADED version).  At 6-7 hits (I've lost count) on this album alone, RIHANNA will never be considered a one hit wonder or merely a fluke.  Although time will tell if she has staying power, one thing is indisputable:  for now, this \\"girl\\" is a phenomenon.
B00012QM8G|5.0|Let me just start saying that I'm usually apprehensive about watching Holocaust movies. I think while the Holocaust is something that every person in the world should be educated on, it is also a subject that is overly flooded in the Hollywood movie industry. Most Holocaust movies show lots of images of how people get tortured, killed, gassed etc, all of which make me sick. And I neither wish to watch more of these make-me-sick movies nor think flooding the audiences with brutal images every year would necessarily \\"benefit\\" them in terms of education on the subject of genocide, which (I can be no more sensitive about it) merely puts the Holocaust among only one of countless atrocities human beings have committed throughout history. Yet the movie-makers make more genocide movies on the Holocaust than any other. People sometimes don't realize that other crimes against humanity in history, though may not be as systematic, are just as terrible. So I do ask that future film-makers would dwell insights into other aspects of history instead of just doing one thing over and over and over and over.  That being said, I would have to say that Schindler's List is the first \\"Holocaust\\" movie (though I do not see it that way) that truly moved me to tears without losing appetite to eat at the same time. And it is not because it is a relatively \\"feel-good\\" movie or that there are relatively fewer brutal scenes on the sufferings of the Jews (I'm more okay with watching people getting shot than watching people getting tortured or gassed, pardon me if that sounded terrible), but that the movie conveys powerful and insightful messages that digs deeper than just \\"racism is bad,\\" or \\"there are good people in the world.\\" It tells the story of a powerful and wealthy man who understands the importance of human lives. The end scene in which Schindler weeps over not having saved more lives both trivializes and signifies money and property: money and property are worth nothing when compared tohuman lives, yet they are of utmost importance because \\"for this...one more person.\\" This powerful message is simply a tear-jerker: a man who did more than anyone else looks around him and weeps shamefully over still having, in his pockets, some potential means to save more lives, little as they are left. From this, Schindler's list teaches something that can be applied to the daily life of anyone, that money and property should be used for those human lives in need to be saved.   The Holocaust aspect of the this movie also shed light on the account much more than other Holocaust movies I've seen. It not only shows madness in the face of evil, but just how inhuman the Jews look to the Nazis. The Nazis would just go about their business and socialize while shooting the Jews like squashing bugs as hobbies. The look on the Nazi's faces are not sadism so much as apathetic, which puts the horror and madness onto a different level, it truly defines the extremities of segregation, to be put on the bottom of the barrel.  the last thing I want say is that the score is simply brilliant. This is truly one of the best films in history in every way.
B0018S6YO4|5.0|For you nay-sayers out there, true, Rihanna does not have the \\"best\\" singing voice in the world (if by BEST you mean a 3 octave range and a penchant for over-singing EVERY NOTE).  What she does have is a unique vocal tone that supplies the perfect attitude (icy and cool, yet, sweet and soulful) to each song on \\"good girl gone bad.\\"  Speaking of songs, there hasn't been a stronger, more diverse collection of HIT SINGLES on one album since Michael Jackson's \\"THRILLER.\\"  That is a bold statement, but it is absolutely true (even more so for the RELOADED version).  At 6-7 hits (I've lost count) on this album alone, RIHANNA will never be considered a one hit wonder or merely a fluke.  Although time will tell if she has staying power, one thing is indisputable:  for now, this \\"girl\\" is a phenomenon.
B001EOQWEO|2.0|After two defective 3-disc Editions (same as everyone else, movie freezes and pixelates in the first 20 minutes) I'm giving up and requesting my money back.  This is the kind of nonsense that makes us all wish that Pixar hadn't given in to the Disney buyout.    DISNEY...get your freakin' manufacturing sorted out.
B00004RJ71|5.0|Chicano culture offers many wonderful things like strong family ties, a sense of art, and vibrant spunk even in the midst of poverty. The L.A. barrio is a mixed bag of such things, but also it has a subculture of gang violence and sucking sociological quicksand that can drag down young men into cycles of gangland violence and identity. All this comes together in this film.      It is pretty darned good, though so convincing that I actually found it hard to watch. I grew up near enough to the L.A. barrio to catch the nuances and authentic flavor. And I know a little Spanish and could follow a bit of the Spanglish that is interspersed with the English dialogue. Actually I am surprised that this film got so many five stars because I think you really had to have lived around this to appreciate how well done it is. There is actually a lot going on in it in terms of interpersonal relationships and also sociology and values.     In some ways I think of films like the Chant of Jimmy Blacksmith and Carlito's Way in terms of examples of ways of how culture can make it difficult to break out of a downward spiral.     Let me add that while the making of added feature talks about Chicanos trying to integrate into an Anglo America, this can be somewhat misleading historically. Don't assume that this culture is one of immigrants. These are a conquered people who were here many years before the U.S. conquest of California. They were subject to over a century of efforts to subjugate their communities and this tended to tighten their family and friendship alliances. I tend to see the strong bonds in the L.A. gangs and families as even stronger than in Mexico. These are not simply Mexicans that have immigrated to Los Angeles.      The acting is pretty intense. Some might think it overdone if they are not familiar with a certain type of Chicano macho style and value system.     All in all, really good. Though I would have thought not for everyone. I kept wondering how did this film find a general audience, or even a general Hispanic audience?     My thanks to the director.
1416550518|5.0|Back of the Book:<br />\\"Grace Bradley went to work at Riverton House as a servant when she was just a girl, before the First World War. For years her life was inextricably tied up with the Hartford family, most particularly the two daughters, Hannah and Emmeline.<br />In the summer of 1924, at a glittering society party held at the house, a young poet shot himself. The only witnesses were Hanna and Emmeline and only they- and Grace- know the truth.\\"<br /><br />From Me:<br />This was an absolutely wonderful way to start the new year( I first read this book in January of '08.) This is one of those books that leaves you feeling slightly melancholy that it has ended.<br /><br />The story opens with Grace in a nursing home reflecting on her past. We know from the beginning that she has held secrets and regrets close to her heart for many years but what unfolds over the course of this book is a multi-layered story that holds many poignant moments.<br /><br />Grace leaves home at a tender age to learn how to be in service to the Hartford family. She learns to care about the entire family and the entire serving staff and begins to think of them as the family she never had. She sees their faults and she protects their secrets with devotion and a strong sense of duty.<br /><br />However, she is not the only one bound by duty. I watched as one by one members of the family fulfill their duties for the greater good and I began to wonder who made the greater sacrifices. The aristocracy or the servants?<br /><br />The theme of sacrificial service strikes a deep chord with me and I found this particular part of the story to be very haunting.<br /><br />At the end of the book, the author lists several titles that she drew information from. Not surprisingly, I already have several on my TBR list and will be all the more interested in looking at them because of this book.
0312370849|4.0|Review: Sarah's Key by Tatiana de Rosnay     Almost a hundred readers published their reviews on Tatiana de Rosnay's novel Sarah's Key. Most of them rated the book in four or five stars, but some of them calling the novel \\"mediocre\\" showed a lower rating - three stars. It is necessary to admit that their opinions weren't unfounded and most critical comments were fair. However, from my standpoint, despite the fair critical comments (I don't think it is necessary to list them), the novel deserves a rather high rating, and I will try to explain why.           The book is devoted to the Holocaust.  The author describes two stories.  One story is about the tragedy of a Jewish girl named Sarah. The story is based on historical fact. In 1942, on the orders of German military authorities, French police brutally arrested all Jewish families in Paris. Almost all of them perished in concentration camps.           The second parallel story is about an American journalist, Julia Jermond, who, writing an article about Vel' d'Hiv's roundup, found out many horrible details of this crime committed by French police. France wanted to forget about its anti-human past and thoroughly concealed it. The author reminds us of those tragic facts. I am not going to retell the stories. They are already well known, but the book gave birth to some of my thoughts.           In her novel, the author writes with anxiety and great concern that people want to forget about the Holocaust. One character of the book says: \\"Bringing back the past is never a good idea, especially whatever happened during the war. No one wants to be reminded of that, nobody wants to think about that.\\" The book demonstrates that such amnesia can be deadly.          For a long time nave people believed that the world moves in the direction of higher level of humanization. In their naivety, they missed the point when one of the most horrible and bloodthirsty variety of anthropoids (resembling humans) became active. Russian anthropoids captured power in the Soviet Russia, invented concentration camps and, killing over a million innocent people yearly. Over a period of 20 years they killed at least 20 million, maybe more. Then World War II broke out and the world forgot about the 20 million innocent victims.            Humanlike anthropoids appeared in other countries, and people continued to believe that they were ordinary criminals. People's beliefs melted like a piece of paper in acid when the terrifying truth about fascist factories of deaths became known. People couldn't believe what they learned. Using modern technology, fascist anthropoids made the killing of humans a branch of industry. For human beings, the Holocaust is impossible to understand, it is just unexplainable. And the only way to prevent it from happening again is to never forget it.           The reviewed book is multidimensional, emotionally written but unfortunately, as it has been mentioned in some reviews, it has weak points as well. Nevertheless, I was impressed with the book, its main message makes the readers think, and this is a sign of good literature. The advantage of the book is in the strong civic position of the author that, I think, has made the book a bestseller.            This book is about events which were not wide-known; it reminds people about the necessity to be alert. Otherwise, the modern anthropoids will commit a new Holocaust, and now all people can become their victims. They already are trying to convince us that there is nothing to remember; there wasn't a Holocaust at all.            In general, the book is well written, and author's voice is strong. In my opinion, the book deserves not less than four stars.          Everybody who cares about human life, who reads books not just for entertainment, will read this book with interest and will continue to return to it in his/her mind.                                                          Solomon (Sol) Tetelbaum.
B000I2IT44|5.0|aching for some FOABP live stuff - but since Deadwing is my 2nd favorite from PT I really enjoyed this performance -- Steven Wilson continues to create great music and great performances -- cheers.
0452287022|5.0|A perfect book!  Make sure you order the 10th Anniversary edition as it contains Vermeer's that complement the story.
B000002HJD|5.0|i admit, i have never heard the digital version of this...only from VINYL! an eerie, poetic slab of virtual wax that must be confronted, absorbed and returned to earth and space
B00005JPSM|3.0|I watched this DVD one afternoon and it was enjoyable, a pleasant time passer.  It kept my attention, the little girl was adorable.  Zeta-Jones was good in her role, but subdued. It was a good story, but too smooth.  Somehow I don't see a young girl transitioning to a new Mommy this easily. It's cute, sweet, sentimental, but not fully realistic.  I wouldn't pass it up though, it's a good watch.
B001C46P2A|5.0|[[ASIN:B001C46P2A Australia [Theatrical Release]]] is a sweeping epic reminiscent of great movie classics, such as Gone With The Wind.  It is set in World War II, in the Northern Territory of Australia - alternating between the city of Darwin, Faraway Downs (the working ranch at the heart of the movie), and the rolling landscapes of the Kimberly region.<br /><br />Directed, produced and co-written by Baz Luhrmann (of \\"Moulin Rouge\\" fame), the movie features many of his tell-tale trademarks, including a movie that truly focuses - and evokes - the great emotions of the characters and the audience as we are all swept up into the tale of Nullah, the half-Aboriginal child (Brandon Walters), Lady Sarah Ashley (Nicole Kidman), and \\"The Rover\\" (Hugh Jackman).<br /><br />Australia is a classic tale of romance: an arrogant upperclass woman (Sarah Ashley) journeys to Australia intent on selling her land, and meets a rugged man of the Outback (The Rover), whom she immediately despises.  Once she sees firsthand what is really going on here in \\"the frontier,\\" she determines to save her land - and to do so, she needs to drive her station's cattle herd thousands of miles to Darwin.  She teams up with The Rover, as well as a few other unlikely characters from her station - including the Aboriginal boy, Nullah - and together they begin an epic journey, which will take them not only through the rugged - and yet, extremely beautiful - Kimberly Outback, but on a journey of romance, discovery, and falling in love: with each other and with the land.<br /><br />There are of course other themes at work here in the movie.  The struggle against the cattle baron, King Carney, who seeks to rule all of the Northern Territory.  The plight of the Aboriginal people, discrimination of both race and class, and the Lost Generation, those Aboriginal children taken from their parents to be raised in churches and missions in an effort to make them \\"acceptable\\" to society.<br /><br />What did I love about this movie?  For one, the sweeping landscapes.  Australia can be harsh, but it is also a majestically beautiful land that not only takes your breath away, but makes you fall in love with it.  I feel the movie did a good job of portraying that, and helping the audience come to appreciate the vast beauty of this region.<br /><br />It was also a great tear-jerker, for those who love classic movies and classic romance, full of many tender, romantic, redeeming, and heart-breaking moments.<br /><br />And while Hugh Jackmand and Nicole Kidman did a fantastic job, and their romantic story really was the highlight of the film, I feel Nullah's story - the little Aboriginal boy played by Brandon Walters in his debut - truly stole the show.  In his big, soulful eyes, the true story of Australia and its people were captured, and you quickly find yourself cheering and praying and smiling with him every step of the way.  His performance was simply amazing, and if all else had been a disaster (which it wasn't!), it would have been worth seeing the movie just for him.<br /><br />Personally, I also found the side story of Sergeant Callahan (played by Tony Barry) equally intriguing... a man clearly in love with the good Lady Ashley.  He was always there looking out for her, offering advice, and trying to save her, but always seemed to know he wasn't the man for her, and quietly stayed on the sidelines.  But, then, I've always been a sap for a good unrequited love story, so that might be why I enjoyed this side character so much.<br /><br />What did I dislike?  While there was nothing about this movie I hated - I did rather enjoy it thoroughly - there was some room for improvement.  The length was just a little too long.  Some movies can get away with nearly three hours of screen time, but sadly Australia isn't one of them.  I understand the need and desire for all that occurs after the cattle drive, especially as the story if only half-told at that point, but I think the story couldhave been better served by being brought in a little bit.  I do realize that it was intended to be reminiscent of movies like Gone With The Wind, so the length is no doubt a conscious choice.<br /><br />The movie also tries to tackle just a little too much, and so the central story gets a little lost in all of the side tales and themes.  I personally would have loved a little more focus on demonstrating how and why Sarah Ashley came to fall in love with the land - as an American who has visited Australia numerous times and fallen in love with the country, I felt that was an important theme!  But I confess, that could just be my personal opinion.<br /><br />Regardless, though, Australia is a fabulous, sweeping epic worth seeing.  Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman bring to life a classic romance, and Brandon Walters steals the show as the soulful, loving Nullah.  Take the time this holiday season to go out and see Australia... and then, of course, plan your own journey down under to fall in love with this beautiful land.realize that it was intended to be reminiscent of movies like Gone With The Wind, so the length is no doubt a conscious choice.    The movie also tries to tackle just a little too much, and so the central story gets a little lost in all of the side tales and themes.  I personally would have loved a little more focus on demonstrating how and why Sarah Ashley came to fall in love with the land - as an American who has visited Australia numerous times and fallen in love with the country, I felt that was an important theme!  But I confess, that could just be my personal opinion.    Regardless, though, Australia is a fabulous, sweeping epic worth seeing.  Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman bring to life a classic romance, and Brandon Walters steals the show as the soulful, loving Nullah.  Take the time this holiday season to go out and see Australia... and then, of course, plan your own journey down under to fall in love with this beautiful land.
B000YAA68C|4.0|No spoilers here + you already have the plot from the spotlight reviews:    If you've seen more than say 10 chick flicks in your life, you will see every plot twist and turn coming from a mile away.  In fact, you might want to watch this movie purely to test your plot-guessing ability.  And there are some amazing \\"coincidences\\" at a frequency that only happens in movies.    None-the-less, I found this movie worth watching for both the humor and the wisdom (dispensed from beyond the grave and by Holly's no-nonsense mom brilliantly played by Kathy Bates.)  It's trite to say this, but I laughed and cried.  I especially found the \\"dating like a guy\\" antics of Holly's golddigging friend, Denise (Lisa Kudrow) hysterial.  Holly's friend (Harry Connick, Jr.) who has some sort of \\"tell you exactly what he thinks without social filters\\" is also quite funny.  I think Swank did a mostly great job of playing the grieving Holly, but I agree with a previous reviewer that the flashback where Swank is playing a giddy, naive college student is over-the-top.      In addition, there's beautiful cinematograpy of Ireland (and Irishmen :-).  (Although Holly's Irish husband played by Gerald Butler is Scottish and the Irish hunk Jeffrey Dean Morgan is a Seattle native.)    I really didn't think my cynical middle-aged martial arts instructor husband would like this chick flick, but he enjoyed it quite a bit.  We both thought the movie was better in the second half, but not bad in the first half either.
B000V86OKG|5.0|Never thought it would be, but Dexter has become my favorite series ever!  Crazy dynamic that as you watch, you find yourself actually rooting for a serial killer.  My entire extended family have now become serious Dexter fans too.  We're all anxiously awaiting season three on DVD!  I love the series so much I can't imagine anyone really not liking it.  Also, you can't beat the price of the sets.  Now that I've finally got my copy back from everyone who borrowed it, I intend to watch it again.  It seems to make all my old favorites pale in comparison.  I loved Michael C Hall on Six Feet Under, and although he's playing a totally different character here, he's even more fantastic!
B000LE0TGA|5.0|If music has done one thing bad in the last twenty years or so, it's been the devolving of pop music - not just whatever is ranked by Billboard, but the kind of music that the Beatles and Beach Boys perfected, and latter outfits recorded that were much catchier and memorable than the bland dreck we hear today.<br />  Jeff Lynne is one of rock's most gifted and criminally underrated singer-songwriters.  Absurdly prolific and multifaceted, Lynne's Electric Light Orchestra dominated FM pop radio in their heyday, and for good reason;  Lynne was and is the best pop songwriter right behind Paul McCartney and John Lennon's most accessible work, and that's stellar company.  Lynne has worked with McCartney, too, on the excellent \\"Flaming Pie\\", one of Paul's best solo offerings.<br />  Back to ELO, the trademark orchestral sound that never sunk to the preposterous levels of Yes or ELP, made lots of great tunes, among them \\"Evil Woman\\", \\"Strange Magic\\", \\"Telephone Line\\" and the entire double album \\"Out Of The Blue\\", easily one of the greatest pop albums ever.<br />  Aside from the hits \\"Turn To Stone\\", \\"Sweet Talkin' Woman\\" and \\"Mr. Blue Sky\\", \\"Out of the Blue\\" is stunning.  It's beautiful, it rocks, and leaves you wondering how one person was capable of writing such a variety of tunes with no outside help.  \\"The Whale\\" is a spacey instrumental, \\"Starlight\\" is a first rate mellow tune that could easily have come from \\"Magical Mystery Tour\\", and the suite \\"Concerto For a Rainy Day\\" that culminates with \\"Mr. Blue Sky\\" is a masterpiece.<br />  Maybe today's audience won't get this music, since so few modern stars can remotely come close to this talent, except for Beck, Porcupine Tree or David Gilmour, who really isn't new, but has enjoyed enormous staying power.  But for those hungry for what the best pop rock had to offer, \\"Out of the Blue\\" is a must have.  Please don't let this CD stop being manufactured!
B001KWN42I|4.0|This is a nice sophomore record from Taylor Swift.  She follows from her first album with more song of love, boys and heart break.
B000F7BPLG|4.0|With Flag in Exile Weber returns the Harrington series back to its more militaristic-based science fiction roots. The Haven Republic is starting to once again rear its head. Though they've taken several beatings recently from the RMN, they have finally begun to get their Navy back up and running after all the purges (from the overthrow of the legislature government). Now they have hatched a new plan for striking at the Royal Manticoran Navy - and it means taking out an Allie...<br /><br />Honor is recovering from the loss of her love Paul Tankersley as well as the debacle resulting from her duels with his killer and the man who hired the killer - Pavel Young. Now she is resting and recovering on Grayson, and starting to dive into role of Steadholder.<br /><br />With new projects for her Steading, as well as personal fencing lessons she is beginning to recover from her loss. But her new home planet needs her military expertise, and soon she is back in the command seat - this time, as an Admiral!<br /><br />I hate to give any more of the plot away, but I've barely scraped the surface of the conflicts and politics which Weber has woven into this installment of the Harrington series. A good half of the novel is taken up establishing these conflicts and exploring the persons involved in them, but even through that he keeps the pace of the novel very crisp and quick. By the time things begin to break loose, you can't stop turning pages.<br /><br />Obviously I found it really well-written. I would say this novel begins to approach the intensity of the first two of the series, but you can also tell that Weber has, at this point in writing the books, realized he is going to be able to write many, many novels in this series. There is a sense that other plot-lines are being setup and established.<br /><br />I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys the genre, though I would urgently recommend reading the novels which precede it first. and if you have enjoyed any of the other Harrington novels, this one will definitely not disappoint.efinitely not disappoint.
0765342294|5.0|This is my favorite sci-fi book of all time.  I highly recommend it.  Looking forward to the movie, if it ever gets made.  OSC keeps saying it is happenning.  The rest of the series is pretty great too.  Ian Sassoon
B001H5X7I4|4.0|Much was made of Downey Jr.'s foray into the culutrally sensitive issue of wearing black-face for the movie as well as the use of the word \\"retard.\\"    However, the name of the game was satire from the word \\"go.\\" This movie didn't mock African-Americans or the mentally disabled - it mocked Hollywood trying to make a big deal of these issues.    At the end of the day, this movie is mocking Hollywood stars trying to the best it can to make money, and names, off of issues. You can see dozens of Hollywood stars in the characters portryed by Ben Stiller, Jack Black, Robert Downey, Jr. and (insert name of the kid in the movie).     Tropic Thunder acheives its goal and while it drags a bit in places and is not \\"falling off of your chair laughing\\" throughout the entire movie, it is quite funny and if you are able to \\"get\\" what Stiller and co. are trying to do, it's a great film.
B000GLZJNQ|5.0|I was 20 when a friend bought me this book for Christmas.  Twelve years later it still holds the top spot in my heart.  This book changed the course of my life. To this day, Morrie's aphorisms and Albom's insights guide my everyday decisions that mold me into the best possible husband, father, teacher, principal, friend, writer and son that I strive to be. If you are looking for a book that will positively impact your life and the lives of those around you, you found it in Tuesdays With Morrie. Buy it, read it, live it.  Undoubtedly, you will learn to love life like you've never experienced before.
B000000Y1H|5.0|In the pantheon of jazz greats Thelonius Monk was unique, and BRILLIANT CORNERS was his best album. The word genius is thrown around frivolously these days, but Monk was a true genius, whose unique style and vision came from an inner source only Monk himself was privy to. The title track wonderfully showcases Monk, Sonny Rollins, and Max Roach, in a cerebral, quirky, yet playful celebration of sound. All of these Jazz giants were at their peak when BRILLIANT CORNERS was recorded. Monk came out of Be-bop, but was one of the major influences in the avant-garde jazz movement.    For jazz novices, BRILLIANT CORNERS may not be the best place to start with Monk. It's complexity may turn people off. I would start with a best of compilation like his GENIUS OF MODERN MUSIC recordings for Blue Note, delicious appetizers to whet your appetite for the main course.
0452289963|5.0|This book is a real favourite of mine! I have given away about 30 copies to friends and family.<br /><br />It has the power to be transforming and life changing . . . if, you are really ready for change and fed up with the patterns of your life repeating themselves endlessly. If you think you have all the answers, it may not be for you.<br /><br />Having been interested in spirituality for many years sometimes people would ask my advice on certain matters. At times it would be difficult to put into words a useful answer - now, I just hand them this book!<br /><br />There are some criticisms that it is just Buddhist or Taoist concepts rehashed or represented.<br /><br />All the spiritual traditions have a connection with a fundamental simple truth that is not fully expressible through words and concepts.<br />When the urge to communicate that truth is expressed through writing there will be similarities but only the books written in the 'presence' of that connection will have the power to open others to that presence or awareness.<br /><br />A New Earth has that power.<br /><br />So does Eckhart Tolle. If you get a chance to see him talk live, sell your TV to get there! It will be worth it! Not for the content or the words . . . but for his 'presence'.<br /><br />So, if you are looking to find joy and meaning in everyday life, this book is a great start!
B001F7MSES|3.0|This is a review of the product rather than the movie itself. I received my giftset with much anticipation, especially after having purchased the first Hellboy collectors gift set when it came out. My heart sank when I laid hands on this one. The box is tiny, much smaller than the picture above makes it look, and made of cardstock slightly thicker than photocopier paper. There were more dents and creases in the box than a demolition derby racer. The figure is nicely constructed but very small. There really is nothing to recommend this giftset over the standard release. Very, very dissapointing. Up your game Universal.
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|This movie has a \\"real\\" feel to it and pulls the viewer in through the palable characters and the great music. I just started playing guitar so this was inspiring to watch. If you love music and movies then this is sure to make you feel good! :)
B000P0J0A6|5.0|Don't expose them to sunlight. Don't let them get wet. And under no circumstances feed them after midnight.<br /><br />Those are the rules for the now-legendary mogwai, adorable little fuzzballs who transform if you break the last rule. And \\"Gremlins\\" is a gloriously unconventional Christmas movie -- a postcard-pretty view of suburban middle-America, splattered with gore, nasty little gremlins and a truly wicked sense of humour (expressed often in movie send-ups).<br /><br />Randall (Hoyt Axton) spots a tiny adorable creature -- a mogwai -- in a small Chinatown shop, and wants to buy it as a Christmas present for his son. The owner refuses, but his grandson secretly sells it to Randall.<br /><br />Randall's son Billy (Zach Galligan) is delighted by the fuzzy lightphobic mogwai, whom he names Gizmo. But it soon becomes clear that Gizmo is full of surprises: when water is accidentally splashed on him, he spontaneously generates a litter of NEW mogwai. The ringleader \\"Stripe\\" tricks Billy into feeding them after midnight, transforming them into scaly, dangerous \\"gremlins.<br /><br />And after a gremlin tumbles into a pool, Billy realizes that the town is about to be swarmed with them -- attacking vicious old Mrs. Deagle, ramming snowplows, murdering kindly teachers, and trashing a tavern with Billy's love interest Kate (Phoebe Cates). As the town descends into gremlinized chaos, the two humans (and Gizmo) must find a way to wipe out the horde... and if they miss only one, it'll start all over again.<br /><br />Personally I find most Christmas movies a little too sappy and sentimental. So for people who feel that way, a Yuletide horror/comedy is simply ideal -- it's sort of a mad hybrid of early Peter Jackson splattergore, Frank Capra snow-sprinkled Christmastime, and a bunch of sly movie homages and send-ups (\\"Forbidden Planet,\\" \\"Wizard of Oz\\" and \\"Snow White\\" amongst others).<br /><br />But the real fun is in watching the movie's balance between nasty and cuddly -- Joe Dante happily veers between sweet moments and grotesquely funny violence (such as Billy's mom messily killing gremlins with a variety of kitchen implements), with the best example being the malevolent Mrs. Deagle being flung out an upstairs window by fa-la-la-la-LAing gremlins. Completely sick, and gutsplittingly funn.<br /><br />And Dante sprinkles it with more G-rated comedy that borders on cartoonish without quite crossing, such as the kid in the Christmas tree costume (\\"Don't ask!\\") and the gremlins destroying a local pub when they aren't watching Disney movies (is this a message about Disney?). It all climaxes in some literally explosive showdowns with the gremlins -- and particularly with Stripe, their ghastly little leader.<br /><br />Galligan and Cates are thoroughly solid as the teenage heroes, especially when Cates gives her heartbreaking speech about the horrible experience that made her hate Christmas. In fact, all the actors do a solid job -- the evil old landlady who serves as a sort of Wicked Witch of the West/Scrooge hybrid, the cranky old veteran, the crackpot inventor and the wise old Chinese guy.<br /><br />But the showstopper is Gizmo -- tiny, round, fuzzy and wide-eyed, with a babyish squeaky voice and a liking for toy cars and 3-D glasses. Rarely has a puppet been so bloody cute and endearing. His complete opposite is Stripe, a gremlin amongst gremlins -- malevolent and gleefully sadistic, he seems smart enough to revel in the idea of destroying the town.<br /><br />\\"Gremlins\\" is a brilliant horror/comedy that infuses a perfect American town with a little mayhem and gore, as well as some wickedly funny little nasties. Definitely a must-see.grotesquely funny violence (such as Billy's mom messily killing gremlins with a variety of kitchen implements), with the best example being the malevolent Mrs. Deagle being flung out an upstairs window by fa-la-la-la-LAing gremlins. Completely sick, and gutsplittingly funn.    And Dante sprinkles it with more G-rated comedy that borders on cartoonish without quite crossing, such as the kid in the Christmas tree costume (\\"Don't ask!\\") and the gremlins destroying a local pub when they aren't watching Disney movies (is this a message about Disney?). It all climaxes in some literally explosive showdowns with the gremlins -- and particularly with Stripe, their ghastly little leader.    Galligan and Cates are thoroughly solid as the teenage heroes, especially when Cates gives her heartbreaking speech about the horrible experience that made her hate Christmas. In fact, all the actors do a solid job -- the evil old landlady who serves as a sort of Wicked Witch of the West/Scrooge hybrid, the cranky old veteran, the crackpot inventor and the wise old Chinese guy.    But the showstopper is Gizmo -- tiny, round, fuzzy and wide-eyed, with a babyish squeaky voice and a liking for toy cars and 3-D glasses. Rarely has a puppet been so bloody cute and endearing. His complete opposite is Stripe, a gremlin amongst gremlins -- malevolent and gleefully sadistic, he seems smart enough to revel in the idea of destroying the town.    \\"Gremlins\\" is a brilliant horror/comedy that infuses a perfect American town with a little mayhem and gore, as well as some wickedly funny little nasties. Definitely a must-see.
B000MNP2KI|4.0|I was never a big James Bond fan.  The first one I ever saw at the cinema was GOLDENEYE.  Though many people who saw it with me and many people now say it was the best, I thought it wasn't worth the money or the time.  And since it was supposed to be the \\"best Bond\\" I didn't see much reason to watch any of the others.    But I was told that the remake of CASINO ROYALE was a new and different James Bond picture.  So, I gave it a chance, and I loved it.  I think what separates Daniel Craig's Bond from all the others is that he brings a more human element to the role.  His Bond can get tired.  He can get hurt.  He can be vulnerable.  He can make mistakes.  He can be nervous and scared.  He can even die!  That's an action hero that I can watch again and again.  I can't relate to someone who sweeps the beautiful dame off her feet immediately after death-defying stunts as if nothing had ever happened.  But I can relate to someone who after a tough foot-chase or a battering brawl has to stop and catch his breath.    I have heard that this new era of Bond does not have many of the critics or many of the hard-core fans happy.  But it leaves me satisfied enough.  Not only satisfied enough to watch CASINO ROYALE tonight but also to go see QUANTUM OF SOLACE tomorrow.
B000F1IQN2|1.0|I love Eric Bana and Stephen Spielberg most of the time, but this is not history.  The argument has been made that, though the history may be flawed, the film should be judged on it's artistic merits.  That is all well and good, but when filmmakers, especially those with the influence of a Spielberg, adjust history to fit their worldviews, people in the real world are influenced and may suffer.  The fact is that a group of terrorists, who spoke in terms of martyrdom, and in the midst of a wave of global terrorism, decided to target unarmed athletes at the 1972 \\"Olympics of Peace.\\"<br /><br />  Israel's response was reasonable and measure, if not without mistakes, undertaken by professionals to target those involve in an ongoing campaign to kill its citizens. Spielberg's naked attempt to draw some kind of moral equivalence is vile. In totalitarian states that sponsor terrorism and teach their children suicidal hatred, fanciful plays on reality such as this are of no consequence.  But in democratic societies, were voters are influenced by largely fictional films pushing the phrase \\"inspired buy actual events,\\" voters are moved and policies influence, which can and do put real people at risk.<br /><br />  I'm sure, however, that opinions like this count for nothing in the semi-reality that Spielberg lives in.
0446402389|5.0|For any author this would be an effort that should make them proud.  But for a first novel it is stunningly mature both in the storytelling and character development.    I found it all too easy to relate to the characters and the sense of oppressive history that surrounded the story.
B0017ZB8M6|4.0|I originally purchased this for the catchy \\"Hot n Cold\\" & also for the testosterone appeal of \\"I kissed a girl\\" but found it to be a decent cd overall. Although definitly with a pop flavor, The songs are well written (most by Perry herself), which is something to be said these days !! Many of the tunes have sort of a 80's kind of appeal, so while listening to this, I thought I was back in 1986. Being a \\"old school\\" music lover my entire 50 years of life, its hard to find alot of new stuff that I can enjoy, but this is one. My more recent favorites are KT Tunstall, Sara Bareilles & Avril Lavigne. While she may not be the complete artist that they are, at least I can put her in the artist category. When I first heard \\"I kissed a girl\\" I thought it was a good tune but a gimic song at the same time (the gimic being to attract males to the obvious subject material) and never took it seriously or moreover, never thought of buying the cd. A couple of months later, \\"Hot n Cold\\" broke & I decided to invest $10.00. The album opens with \\"One of the Boys\\" which is probably the jewel of the collection here. Its another take on the age old story of young teenager turning into a woman. The material is written in a frank & sometimes funny sort of style which I find enjoyable. What it isn't is a pop tart, Britney Spears type of CD & thats why a 50 year old can listen to it as well as a 20 year old !!
0312360266|4.0|Its a great beginning book for a series, its written to get to the good stuff w/o having to drag out just to make the book thicker!
B000R7I3LY|5.0|There isn't alot of real \\"artists\\" coming up in the American music scene these days, but somehow one beat the odds. She actually is making it because of real talent & not the shallow pop fluff that seem to be pushed by the U.S. record industry. The album title is quite contrary to what is actually here. Sara Bareilles has one BIG VOICE !!!! She has very smooth jazz flavorings, she can make a quiet ballad very dynamic & she can belt it out when she has to, but most important, she kicks a-- on piano. The big hit was \\"love song\\" but the real masterpiece on the CD is the hauntingly beautiful \\"City\\". I bought the album because of \\"Love song\\", but the rest has mostly a nice jazz feel to it. The majority of the songs may be a bit \\"girly\\", but still very well written & performed. I'm 50 years old & although I try to keep up with new music, its been hard to find alot of things I really like but this is one. I think Sara B. is a piano counterpart to the guitar playing KT Tunstall, another of the rare breed of \\"artists\\" today.
B0015I2P0Y|4.0|I am listening to this for the first time right now.  I try to stay up with things, keep myself aware of new stuff, but this totally Knocks me  out, blindsides me with its beauty, grandeur, melody, atmosphere.  It's spooky - this is one of the best things I've heard in years- beautiful, rich arrangements, incredible melodies, intricate musicianship - why aren't these guys more widely known?  (I bought this blindly -based on  customer reviews and descriptions - glad I did!)  One of the best things I've ever heard.  Melodic, lush, rich, melancholic, rock with incredible arrangements that pull out all the stops.  why isn't this HUGE???
B0013LKZWS|5.0|I'm very pleased with this CD & wrote a positive review of this on the regular CD version. My only complaint is that the \\"bonus\\" CD is not a DVD & you must play it on your computer to see the live performances, so you can't take advantage of the better sound you would get playing it through your sound system.
B0014I4KIK|2.0|I was suprised at how bad a singer she was.  I was looking for a Dusty Springfield vibe and her little girl voice was annoying-  don't believe the hype-
B000WS4QJG|5.0|I had no problems with this produck - I actually got a surprise DVD with this CD. I had no idea it was part of the deal   Also, a great price and quick delivery
0316143472|5.0|Mr. Sedaris is an author you don't read.  His books must be listened to because his voice is truly original and half his gift.  The funniest story is about his trip to Japan to quit smoking.  He's quirky and he's profane and we love him for it.  His life also makes you realize how interesting your own is.  So, tell your stories.  [...]
B000AM2L1O|4.0|I bought this doll for my daughter's second birthday.  I also bought a Corolle Mini Calin doll for her first birthday, which is smaller - too small.  This doll is the perfect size and weight for her.  She plays with it almost every day -she feeds her and likes to sleep with her.  The doll is adorable - she has a pretty face and my daughter loves that her eyes that open and close.  Overall the quality is very good.  My only complaint is that the fabric used for the outfit is cheap.  It pills very easily and I'm not sure how well it will hold up when washed over time.
B001GZ6QBU|5.0|This is the best movie I've ever seen. I saw this in IMAX theater! Awesome cast and production  value. High quality effects and keeps everyone actively engaged. You must own this for christmas! Best movie ever!
0446672653|5.0|I loved reading this book while travelling in Kathmandu, sipping my capuccino and having my cigarette. My soulmate has given me so much and has taken away that much, but while I was involved with him, just reading this book gave me so much insight and reflected us, only that we would never be like they were..Still a great read and I recommend to anyone in the field. and beyond 0)
B0000DJZ9T|3.0|Musically the concert was great, and if you're the type that enjoys music videos as opposed to concerts you may enjoy this. I'm the type that enjoys live musical performances, and that's what I look for in DVD concerts. This was a letdown from that aspect.    Bottom line: TOO MANY CAMERA CUTS.    The recording is ok played through a Denon DVD2200, Anthem AVM20, Studio 100's, Servo 15 and AVM50.    The selection of songs is great.    The cinematography simply distracts one from the music.     Here's to Coldplay getting a newer concert out filmed in such a way that the viewer feels like they are part of the audience and not simply watching a music video on MTV.
0545128285|5.0|My one lament is the brevity of the book.  Aesop wrote far more fables.  That being said, the tales are in the tradition of standard fairy tales (surely, the wizarding world ought to call them something else, given the place of fairies in the Potter universe), each with an implied moral point.<br /><br />The tales are no darker than the tales of the Grimm brothers and the like.  Is The Warlock's Hairy Heart\\" any more sinister than, say, Hansel and Gretel, who are led into the woods deliberately to be abandoned, and are then taken in by a witch whose sole reason for doing so is to eat them?  Each of Beedles tales makes its point while being entertaining to its audience(s).<br /><br />Of the tales, \\"The Fountain of Fair Fortune\\" is structured most closely to classical (muggle) children's stories.  The others are close, and all are entertaining.  The beauty of the stories is that without a reader having previously read the Harry Potter books, the tales still work.  The commentary by Albus Dumbledore would be less effective for such readers, but the actual stories can stand on their own.<br /><br />To the Harry Potter fan, one might speculate as to when they were translated from the runes by Hermione Granger.  Doubtless after the Second Wizarding War, but one wonders whether is was during her N.E.W.T. year at Hogwarts or later.  An interesting literary question.
B000IFQLSW|5.0|Have loved Kenny since his begginning. When I found this DVD I got excited and bought it. What a treat. There are so many great people on here. It just goes to show the respect they have for Kenny.This is a must. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. Does new blues old blues delta blues and piedmont blues. GREAT STUFF. ENJOY. Plus all or part of the proceeds go to Music Makers which supports all musicians in advancement of their careers.
B000RPTQ1C|1.0|\\"Viva La Vida\\" is such a copy off of an even better song by Joe Satriani \\"If I Could Fly\\"...I hope Joe gets justice
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|I will let the others over analyze the nuances of the movie.  I know that I liked it, I liked the acting, and I liked the plot.  Ending was open ended, so here comes Batman III.
B000002H70|5.0|This is probably one of my favorite albums of all time. I can truly say that I love every song on this album. I have been listening to it since its release in '89 and I can truly say that here in 2011, I have not tired of it. I guess that is the true mark of a great album. Some of Robert's most hauntily, thought provoking, beautiful lyrics that he has ever written. I am a longtime Cure fan(seeing them live six times) and this album is just a fine collection of well crafted songs. Robert had his best Cure lineup playing behind him in Porl Thompson(guitar), Simon Gallup(bass), Roger O'Donnell/Lol Tolhurst(keyboards), and Boris Williams(drums). These musicians have never sounded or played better than they did on this album. Boris absolutely destroys the drumkit on this album. Boris' drumming is just spectacular. I have always thought that he and Simon made up one of the best rhythm sections in rock. Porl outside of Robert has always been my favorite Cure guitarist. Roger from what I read did most of the grunt work on keyboards and his work is solid.     Robert and Morrissey were supposed bitter rivals at the time and this was Robert's answer to Moz's brilliant \\"Queen is Dead\\" album. I have to say that Robert more than steps up to the plate with this brilliant piece of work. I love both efforts but Disintegration to me is a tad better and just gets better after repeated listenings.I have the original pressing and I am anxious to hear what the remastered 20th anniversary pressing sounds like.
0451191153|5.0|This is a nice introduction to Rand's views I think for those who don't have the will to finish the significantly larger work of hers... Atlas Shrugged.  It seems long enough that people should be able to fairly easily gain an understanding of what she's about, although I really think that if possible people should probably go for Atlas Shrugged first.      Both are certainly classics and should be read by anyone seeking a greater understanding of life, philosophy, and politics.  I highly recommend it.
B0014YVC6W|4.0|Note: This is a review of the Blu-Ray and it's technical aspects, not the film.    You would never know in watching Short Circuit on Blu-Ray that this is a film that is over 20 years old. While the Blu-Ray is not in 1080p (it's in 1080i) the clarity and lack of graininess in the transfer was astounding to me. I have come to expect that older movies that weren't shot digitally and with older film equipment wouldn't see much benefit from the transition to blu-ray, this has me thinking otherwise. There are parts of the film that don't look spectacular, but they are few and far between and overall the movie looks beautiful. If you enjoyed the film, and have a HD setup, this is easily the best way to see Short Circuit.     Specs: Resolution: film 1080i, extras 480i SD  Audio: film: DTS 5.1, Dolby 5.1 extras: Dolby 2.0    Special Features: Commentary track w/ writers & director  Isolated Music and effects track  Original Theatrical Trailer  Featurette \\"Creation of Number 5\\"  Cast & Crew interviews  Behind the scenes footage  Promo photo gallery  Robot and production design still gallery
0736063684|5.0|this book was a gift for my son and it was in excellant condition to be used for a gift.
0446677450|1.0|I checked this book out of the library, and am so glad that I didn't waste money to buy it.  I was looking for a book to teach my kids about money.  This book was a lot more about teaching kids to act like shallow, superficial snobs.  If you want to raise kids who put money above all else, who keep looking for a get-rich-quick scheme instead of developing a work ethic, then this is the book for you.  If you're looking to develop actual skills, belief in the importance of education, a pleasant personality, sense of compassion, or any other worthwhile quality in yourself or your children, drop this book like the piece of excrement that it is.  I don't care how valid the financial advice is (and it's dubious, at best), the messages put out by this man are the last things I would want my kids to learn.  Here's a quote by the author:  \\"Over the years, I've met many losers who pray to God to give them gold. God helps those who help themselves. Again, the conquistadors may have been killers and thieves, but at least they knew how to help themselves.\\"  So, help yourself to whatever you want, whether it belongs to you or not, whether you have to lie, steal, kill or walk all over others to get where you want to be....  Okay. The advice in this book is evil, and our current economy is collapsing because too many top executives lived their lives by these rules.  Not my kids, thanks.
B001H5X7I4|5.0|Great action-comedy.  Robert Downing, Jr. can not be recognized and does a great job with the character.  Tom Cruise...who would have thought he could look so balding, or have some pretty good dance moves.  First half is laugh out loud funny, second half kind of drags and I think could have been done better, but this is a funny \\"guy\\" movie.
0545128285|5.0|This book belongs with the original Grimm tales (weird, different, twisted). People that only like Happy-Disney type of books shouldn't read it. I loved this book and the stories, the only thing bad about: it only has 4 stories. I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of all the Harry Potter books.
B000YABIQ6|4.0|I love the series and am impressed with the period details, but why they can't get the typewriters right?  The IBM Selectric 2 didn't make its debut until 1971.  They made the same mistake in Far From Heaven.
0060974176|2.0|This and other books on Lean and the Toyota Production System, while valuable, present a very one-sided, idealized and incomplete view. To get the view from the inside, you must read [[ASIN:0801442893 Notes from Toyota-Land: An American Engineer in Japan]]. You will also learn surprising things about Japanese culture.
B001E5CH0G|5.0|This is a hilarious movie and an all-time Christmas classic!  For everyone from the age of 8 to 100.
B0002XV30Q|5.0|The reviewers before this one provide excellent discussion of this set, and I would agree that it is a top-notch set of recordings and performances.  We love this set, play it often, and would not part with any recording upon it.    The two versions of the popular and lovable Concerto No. 2 that are compared, those of Jean-Philippe Collard (this set) and Cecile Licade, are certainly different.  Collard is decidely gentler, a bit slower and more \\"laid-back\\" in common parlance.  Licade's is spritelier, a bit faster and of slightly higher energy.  Does this make one better than the other?  Subjectively it may, but it really depends on the person listening, and both performances are technically excellent and completely satisfying.  If I *had* to pick one of the No. 2s, I would pick Licade because of the higher energy, but I would sorely miss Collard - and Collard comes with 4 other splendid concertos and a handful of other delightful pieces, while the Licade is paired with two other Saint-Saens concertos (violin and cello, both superb by the way) that are available elsewhere.    In any case, please do not feel that you are missing out on anything in Concerto No. 2 by purchasing one or the other - both are fine performances and beautifully recorded.  None of these recordings or performances require any apologies.
B001ACH4DS|5.0|Excellent rock music.  Just don't over analyze it.  Listen for the pleasure of the music.
087349976X|3.0|Although this book has some lovely projects in it that are truly inspiring, the instructions leave much to be desired. Once you reach the Intermediate level projects, you are often told to simply \\"bend the wire according to the diagram.\\" So if you're expecting step-by-step instructions, this is not the book for you.
B000W8OM5Y|4.0|One has only to read the most helpful reviews at this point to know all about the films details that all come together to make this film work as well as It did. Cinematography, SUPPORTING ACTORS, Score, Etc.  And will go down as one of the all time greats and have comparisons to \\"Dances with Wolves\\" having the star as producer and Director.         My thoughts are to make it a 3 hour epic they spent too much time In the first hour developing the story when they could have cut that part of the story In half leaving us with the same amount of Information and just as much connection to our hero. Also the fact Mel Is playing a guy much younger but does a pretty good job at convincing us by movies end. Bloody, and yet done with a realism. (This Is how brutal war was)  And after quoting how he didn't want to become a Martyr though Mel actually had them put him on a Cross for his \\"Time of Pain\\"!  There Is betrayal on many levels, everything a movie need to be an epic  And even with It's flaws you have to hand It to Mel for bringing all these talented people together to make one of the best Epics of the Decade. And the Important thing Is to anyone who has not seen this yet Is It has a Great Political story to It. It's by far NOT violence for violence sake. It makes you think about just whom our Government would ally with and for what reasons.  And are we all just commoners today? This film won 5 Academy Awards for a reason. I just happen to think some of those reasons were political.
0312360266|1.0|Even though this series is well written and has an interesting concept. I feel it is glamorizing on the \\"twilight\\" coat-tails, and is hoping that they can get the teenage buyers. But beware, this series is chocked full of sexual inuendos and actual graphic scenes. Such as a professor and student having sex.  Completely inapporpriate to talk about in detail. Crushes are one thing, and have been around for awhile, but this story line goes too far! I have read all the way to the third book and was continued to be dissapointed, as the story lines just got more graphic one right after the next.  Please don't let your young daughters read this one! It is NO WHERE close to the innocent TWILIGHT that you may have read. Don't be fooled! Not all vampire books are the same!
B000VKW7AK|4.0|Your getting an amazing Megadeth package for a pretty good price.  It spans from early work such as So far so good all the way up to new great tracks like Washington is next.  The box was a little on the down side though. I had read it was going to be a tin box and of course just like slayers box set we get a plastic/paper shell.  The booklet is cool giving you a look at everything they've released even the singles, great for people who want to go out and collect.  An the video is good quality with plenty of great shots.
B000NTPDSW|2.0|I bought the 2001 DVD box set and was happy with it, but when the Blu Ray set was released I was excited....Until I watched it!!<br /><br />The Blu Ray set does NOT look much different than the DVD set (which I set up side by side to check them out in my home theater). In fact, the DVD set on an upconvert DVD player looks BETTER!!<br /><br />Save your money and just buy or keep your DVD set, you WILL NOT be happy with the so called Blu Ray version....it's really just the DVD set on Blue Ray discs if you ask me.....and DARK too, some scenes are hard to see also....the dark is too dark even in a pitch black room as I have.
B000ZM1MGE|3.0|Based on the true story of would-be drug smuggler Willaim Hayes, screenwriter Oliver Stone goes way over the top here with courtroom theatrics, sensational violence, and an overt chauvanism towards Turks in this portrayal of the Turkish prison system as a kind of hell on earth. On the plus side: great locations (Instanbul and Malta), beautiful photography, and good acting, help create a sense of atmosphere.
B00005Q3TZ|4.0|It's been 67 years since that tragic day when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor. Although in the movie, they add a 'love triangle' to make it more like a soap opera. It's awesome when America starts fighting back! There are some really good special effects to make it look authentic. I remember I saw this in theatres when it came out, and there was one part where I cried. If you are a fan of history, and want to see what happened on December 7, 1941, I highly suggest PEARL HARBOR!!!!
B0015DROBO|2.0|thisbook is increibly boring. too many family members and their history. very little plot. yuk
1416594884|4.0|I'm not much of a fan of the spy genre, and I've only read two Le Carre novel before this one (\\"Tailor of Panama\\" and the one about the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians). I wanted to give the current title a try because several reviewers thought that it had an \\"Anti-American\\" twist, which is something that sounds odd to my ear and something that I've really never come across before.  As it turns out, this book has a lot of different targets--not just Americans.  But the Americans that are portrayed are more cartoonishly evil and brutal than the others.  What's Le Carre's problem anyway?  That aside, this novel is clearly crafted well enough to hold the interest of a general fiction reader.  (My only other quibble was with the rapid psychological collapse of a female protagonist which seemed ill-explained and out of character.)  Politics notwithstanding, this novel is more literate than most and ranks well above the ordinary.
B0000C2IQD|5.0|My older sister took me to see this movie in the theater when I was four.  It is one of the first movies I remember seeing.  Today, my four year old watched it with her father and I. Superb performances, and a storyline with real depth about a widower with two children who, as my mother used to say to me, \\"may not have had money, but was never poor.\\" Both children and adults will enjoy this movie.  It has something for everyone.
B000063JZQ|3.0|Because I disliked the play, overall, the movie was sub par at best.  The theme in the play and the movie is generic and typical, making the ending predictable and  boring.  Of course Macbeth dies because he kills out of selfish desire. Yawn.  At one point, I almost dozed off in class because the movie was slow and hard to get through.  I struggled to pay attention to the movie not only because of the slow tempo, but also because the actors where overly dramatic making the film seem more like a comedy than a drama. The fighting scene only emphasizes my point.  I think the scenery and location of where the movie was filmed was the best part of the movie, but burnham wood I pictured to be a forest, not three pine trees. But in the director's defense, his take on the play was accurate; however,  I wish he would of vamped it up a bit, making it more modern.  SO in conclusion, I think the movie is overpriced.
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|QUICK PLOT - A mans father is dying, as the son tries to makes sense of a lifetime of his father's whimsical tales.<br /><br />This movie demonstrates that we need to appreciate the people in our lives as \\"Perfectly Imperfect\\". Ewan McGregor plays the role of a son to a very charismatic father who was known for telling grand and whimsical tales. Although the son loved his father's stories as a child, as an adult he felt that the stories were a barrier to a true and meaningful relationship between them. After some investigation, it turns out that his father's tales were not entirely without merit - and the adult son grows to cherish his father's spirit.<br /><br />Excellent movie, that invokes many emotions and thought about cherishing the friends and family in our lives, and excepting them for who they are.
B001G5IJVK|5.0|This is the first collection that reaches deep and give equal treatment to the talents of all of the original players.  Their individual contributions made this band a great band. Yes, Domino is another great Gene tune that came out after the original years and is a classic, but this collection is original and has original materials on it that you will not find on any other compilation.  Packaging and music is all first rate.  Forget the complainers that dog this band for being successful.    I never owned the Peter Criss solo and now I have all of the best parts.   Find out what is lost with Ace and Peter gone from the band. There is a reason that teens still listen to Kiss.  This is it.    Good fun.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I will make it short, you can read the detail many others have posted on this album.    I grew up on Metallica, the ...And Justice For All tour was my first concert.  I have went to at least 5 of their concerts and have all their albums.  And though Load & Reload are not very good Metallica-wise, I actually did like St. Anger though I can not listen to it often.    So I, like many others did get sick of the kinder gentler version of Metallica, though I do listen to the lesser albums from time to time (again Load & Reload).    But this album.... boy oh boy!  It is like seeing that good buddy you hung out with for years, and then you just seem to drift apart by lives path, and then one day you meet up again by chance and start hanging out, and the time apart is forgotten, it is like you never drifted apart.  That old familiar friend is back.    Metallica is back folks.  Some are going to gripe about this or that, but do not let them kid you, this album rocks.  Is it Ride the Lightning or Master of Puppets?  No, those days are gone forever, but it is close, it is Metallica....    again.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This is a great collection of songs from the Beatles, it does not have all of them, but has a great variety.  It is a collection of songs from the beginning to the end of their run.  The price is right also.  For those fans of the Beatles this is a cant miss.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|As an amateur historian, I found this series to be acurate and well done.  The historical events were very consistent with the books that I have read about the time period, the set and script depicted props and language representative of the time period, and the acting was fabulous.      Not only was it historically acurate and educational, it was also entertaining.  GREAT JOB HBO in bringing history alive for the average person.
B000QQFKYE|3.0|INLAND EMPIRE is pretty similar to other David Lynch films like LOST HIGHWAY and MULHOLLAND DRIVE because it sort of alternates between two different worlds, both of which are almost the exact opposite of each other. And INLAND EMPIRE is similar to most David Lynch movies in that you don't know WHAT the Hell is going on half the time. So with that being said, I'm not really sure what INLAND EMPIRE is about and considering I've only seen it ONCE, it would be unfair to make any assumptions. I tried to follow along, take notes, and piece the clues together while watching the movie, but within an hour I gave up and decided to just watch it. Also the fact that the film is three hours long, made me want to just get it over with.<br /><br />INLAND EMPIRE is basically a movie within a movie and it starts off somewhat normal. Nikki (Laura Dern) accepts a role in a movie that co-stars a handsome womanizing actor named Devon (Justin Theroux). As the film's production starts they find out that they are actually filming a REMAKE of a movie that had its production halted due to a murder involving the actors. There are also hints that Devon wants to add Nikki to his list of women that he's conquered, but he denies it. Nikki is already married, but there's sort of a tension between them and as they get closer and actually show affection, INLAND EMPIRE does a complete 180 and goes off into bizarre territories that only David Lynch could provide. It all starts when the line between Nikki's reality and the movie that she's filming, completely blurs. And YOU, as the viewer, don't even know if you're watching Nikki (the real character) or Susan, the character that she's portraying in her movie. After that, INLAND EMPIRE alternates between Nikki's world, which is one of luxury, and another world that's dirty and ugly and revolves around some sort of murder. There's also a lingering theme of prostitution. And again much like MULHOLLAND DRIVE, there's another woman that's introduced but you don't know if she's a completely different character, if she represents Nikki, or if she actually IS Nikki. As if the character that she plays (Susan) has jumped out of her script and come to life. Or maybe you're getting a glimpse into the world of the lead actors who were murdered during the original production of the film that Nikki is starring in. Confused yet?? I'll stop there...<br /><br />Well, if you're a David Lynch fan you'll probably like this. Personally, I'm a huge Lynch fan. I enjoyed INLAND EMPIRE because it's just so weird that it's almost refreshing to watch. But I have to admit that it's definitely not one of my favorite Lynch films. It's interesting but it's not breaking any new grounds as far as Lynch's filmography goes and is too similar to some of his other films.<br /><br />The DVD:<br />The quality of the film is horrible, but knowing David Lynch that was probably his intention so all I will say is that it's not a pretty film by any means. The overall quality looks really low budget, is shaky at times (hand held cameras), and parts of the movie look generations old. The lighting also makes it difficult to see in some parts. However, despite the bad quality, the actual SHOTS in the film are beautiful and Lynch shows that he really knows how to create both gorgeous scenes and incredibly ugly scenes (or sometimes both mixed together), ultimately creating a nightmarish effect.<br /><br />The EXTRA FEATURES: MORE THINGS THAT HAPPENED (74:55) - Basically a bunch of deleted scenes that are all edited together so that you have to watch them as a whole. It's almost like watching a different version of the movie. I didn't watch it all because by the time I got done with INLAND EMPIRE, I was pretty Lynch-ed out if you know what I mean.<br />QUINOA (20:03) - David Lynch shows you how to cook his favorite dish called Quinoa, which is like a bunch of protein mixed with broccoli or something. It's really weird. It sounds like someone actually went out oftheir way to SCORE footage of David cooking. In between, he tells a weird story and randomly makes these weird gestures with his hands similar to what Dennis Hopper did in BLUE VELVET.<br />BALLERINA (12:19) - Edited footage of a ballerina dancing to music. You see glimpses of her toward the end of INLAND EMPIRE and I guess this is just a polished product of footage that was shot with her.<br />STORIES (41:37) - David Lynch sitting down and telling stories about the filming of INLAND EMPIRE.<br />LYNCH 2 (30:10) - My favorite Extra Feature on the DVD. It's basically real Behind-the-Scenes footage of INLAND EMPIRE, seen through the eyes (or lens) of someone who just follows David Lynch around the set. It's like they edited together a bunch of his weird antics. The footage mostly consists of Lynch yelling at cast and crew, getting hands on with the production (making props, etc.), going over scripts, making phone calls, and other random stuff. It's very entertaining.<br /><br />3 starsking. In between, he tells a weird story and randomly makes these weird gestures with his hands similar to what Dennis Hopper did in BLUE VELVET.  BALLERINA (12:19) - Edited footage of a ballerina dancing to music. You see glimpses of her toward the end of INLAND EMPIRE and I guess this is just a polished product of footage that was shot with her.  STORIES (41:37) - David Lynch sitting down and telling stories about the filming of INLAND EMPIRE.  LYNCH 2 (30:10) - My favorite Extra Feature on the DVD. It's basically real Behind-the-Scenes footage of INLAND EMPIRE, seen through the eyes (or lens) of someone who just follows David Lynch around the set. It's like they edited together a bunch of his weird antics. The footage mostly consists of Lynch yelling at cast and crew, getting hands on with the production (making props, etc.), going over scripts, making phone calls, and other random stuff. It's very entertaining.    3 stars
0385340567|1.0|Jack Reacher was my favorite character...  I was deeply disappointed to see Mr. Lee Child's personal views take over the storyline.  Mr. Child is definitely not a fan of the Iraq war and it shows as a once pro-military Jack Reacher reverses his views.  The other disappointing theme was Jack Reacher's lack of christian faith.  Mr. Child uses a poor story line of a religious leader that is a fraud.  I hope Mr. Child is a Christian, it is obvious that his lead character is not. I can't tell you how disappointed I was in this book.  I have no reason to continue reading this series.  It is kind of like learning about your favorite actor and finding out that he is a republican or democrat.
031606792X|1.0|Ok I'm just 153 pages into it and am going to put it on my bookshelf and never open it again.  Two things, first, no description of the sex between Bella and Edward.  I've been waiting for 3 books for them to have sex and it's not even described.  Some people say this is because of the target audience, but I have read plenty of books for the high school crowd that have explicit descriptions of sex in them.  I'm not even asking for explicit, I'm just asking for some description of what the actual act was like.  Second, switching to Jacob's perspective, WTF? She writes 3 books from Bella's perspective then in the last book all of a sudden tells it from another characters viewpoint??  We only care about Jacob in reference to how it relates to Bella's life, I don't want to read the book from Jacob's perspective. And last, the book did not even remotely have to be as long as it was. It was a waste of my money and time. Thanks Stephenie.
006135323X|2.0|Not very entertaining.  Not very educational.  A lot of the material wasn't new to me.  Once or twice I wasn't sure what his point was.
B0018CMJSU|5.0|I had seen Godfather many times in the past, but this restoration seemed like I was seeing it the first time.  Joe Caracappa and other restorers deserve to be proud of their work.
0061537934|5.0|I loved this book.  It was sweet, well written, and enjoyable.  Every now and then it's nice to just read to READ -- not intellectual, not \\"heady\\" stuff, just a good novel.  And this was one!<br /><br />Happy reading!
0316067598|1.0|I also purchased the book based on the Black Hawk down comparison. Its as if a campaign aide to Sarah Palin wrote it, complete with a folksy spelled out Texas drawl. I had to force myself to finish it inspite of the authors constant lauding of G.W.Bush as a hero, the high pitched railing against liberals, the media, the geneva convention, \\"hook nosed bastards\\" (arabs), \\"guys with colored towels wrapped around their heads\\" and people not from Texas. I admire his service to our country, but despair of his lack of knowledge about why its all happening. The author is nothing more than a one-dimensional killing machine, dense as a bag of hammers.
B001GKJ2F2|5.0|I just finished being glued to the screen as I watched this movie. The action was amazing but not in a ridiculously fake kind of way. I think the movie does say something to people. Stop living like robots in your monotonous cubicle little lives and do something that makes a difference!<br />Take what you can get, not what's offered. Don't settle for anything less than what you truly want because when you get it, you may not be able to do the action sequences in the movie, but you'll feel just as powerful as if you could.
0446402389|5.0|In Child 44, author Tom Rob Smith depicts the life of a MGB police officer, Leo Demidov, in Stalinist Russia.  In the 1950s, Russia was a worker's paradise.  Everybody made the same amount of money, everyone had access to healthcare and everyone had a home.  All the government asked for is loyalty in the state and work.    Leo is very well-off in Moscow.  He holds one of the most powerful positions in the police force; he has a beautiful wife, Raisa, one of the nicest apartments in town, and access to the best healthcare and exotic foods.  He is a believer in the state and the communist system.  In his opinion, it is superior to the democratic systems in western nations.   Why should he not believe so if he has everything he needs?    As a police officer, it is his duty to follow through on investigations and apprehend all suspects.  While some suspects are guilty, the majority are innocent, perceived guilty by the paranoid Soviet government because of their interactions with Westerners or connections to others who have been apprehended for crimes.  Crimes against the government are much worse in the government's eyes than petty, civil ones.  The police do everything in their power to capture the suspects alive.  The suspects are then taken to Moscow and are tortured until they confess to the crime.  This torture can be in the form of seizure-inducing medication, confinement in a dirty closet where bedbugs eat human bodies alive, or other terrible methods.  At this point they are forced to name other people, often friends or family, who were involved in their criminal activity.  The suspects are then killed and the people they mention are incarcerated.    Everything goes well for Leo until his wife is charged with espionage.  Leo is placed in charge of the investigation as a test to prove his loyalty to the state and has to make a very difficult decision.  If he agrees with the charge, then his wife will be arrested and most certainly killed.  If he disagrees with the charge, then he will put his life in jeopardy as well as his family's life.  He would lose all of his material goods.  Leo decides to go against the charge, and is exiled with his wife to a town in the middle of the country, Voualsk.  A number of factors precipitated this decision.  First, Leo's wife, Raisa, had claimed she was pregnant when she ate dinner with Leo's parents.  Second, Leo loves Raisa very much and believes that she loves him too.  While both are upset at leaving their material possessions behind, they are pleased with the relatively mild punishment they are given.    Voualsk is a small town where car manufacturing is the dominant industry.  These cars were designed by Russians who believed that they could make a car that is superior to Western models.  Unfortunately, only the most powerful people in the country are eligible to own one, the government workers.  Voualsk is surrounded by a dense forest which is covered in snow most of the year.      In Voualsk, Raisa and Leo move in above a restaurant and begin work.  Raisa continues her past job as a school teacher and Leo becomes a militia subordinate.  When Leo explores the forest surrounding the city he notices that a few children have been murdered and mutilated.  String is wrapped around the body, dirt is placed in the mouth and the stomach is removed.  He notices a coincidence to an unsolved case in Moscow, where his friend Fyodor's son was murdered.  The government decided the case was not worth investigating and was just and accident.  Realizing the implications of having a child-murderer on the loose, he makes his mission to find the culprit and kill him/her.  He believes this is something worth fighting for as he had made many mistakes as an MGB officer.  Soon other people join the search: his wife, his boss, Fyodor, and several others.  This task is especially dangerous because Leo is under heavy surveillance and he is trying to prove the state justice system fallible.  From here on, a harrowing adventure ensues to find the killer and kill him.    I would highly recommend this book for anyone who is interested in historical fiction.  Smith accurately depicts the gloomy lifestyle Stalinist Russia.  The short chapters and twists and turns keep the reader engaged for long periods of time, an indicator of a great story.
B000002NZO|5.0|Well this is the first time audio-visual association has really happened with me.One of the songs on this album called \\"Visions Of Angels\\" has the lyric \\"take this dream the stars have filled with light as the blossom glides like snowflakes from the trees\\" and,sure enough it started snowing.It was serendipitous for sure but,none the less this is the first album by the Peter Gabriel-led Genesis I've heard. I baught it as part of the new Genesis boxed set but the seperate remasters aren't yet available so,for now I am reviewing this original reissue as it contains the same basic tunes. This is Genesis' sophmore album actually but as I understand it this is the first Genesis albums fans from this era actually heard The Genesis on this album presents itself as a progressive rock group somewhere along the lines of Jethro Tull so flutes and acoustic guitars are the order of the day. Two other qualities this era of Genesis also have going for them is the ability to intigrate a strong sense of melodies(s) along with a flare for rhythmic changes,from slow to fast in an instant. The music is excellent-at this point any flashy \\"guitar hero\\" style soloing is not showcased on tunes such as \\"Looking For Someone\\",\\"Stagnation\\" or the beautifully philosophical \\"Dusk\\"-all are fairly delicate,almost acoustically based tunes,actually kind of pretty.\\"The Knife\\" and \\"White Mountain\\" on the other hand have a great sense of rhythm of the sort I love most about this era of prog rock-ELO,Tull,etc in which the drumming is more polyrhythmic then plain bombastic;John Mayhew is an excellent drummer and very very different from Phil Collins,who joined shortly after this album had run it's course. Peter Gabriel truly paints pictures-sometimes whimsical,sometimes tragic and always surreal with his lyrics.This is a quality I am happy to say he expanded into his wonderful solo recordings. But this is NOT just Peter Gabriel-singer,lyrisist,writer and multi-instrumentalist with a backup band.Genesis,even at this early juncture are definately a living,breathing entity all their own who have the ability to be melodic and abstract at the same time.Whatever the case this music is inspiring and a great pleasure to hear.esis,even at this early juncture are definately a living,breathing entity all their own who have the ability to be melodic and abstract at the same time.Whatever the case this music is inspiring and a great pleasure to hear.
0670020745|5.0|This is a great book, full of information concerning stroke.  Everyone should read it, as it can happen to anyone at any time.  I am caring for my daughter who had a stroke following a motorcycle accident in '03.  Wish I had access to this information sooner.  It is written in the first person so it is very easy to stay with it and interesting reading. Reading this book is like talking with your best friend.
B000UAFDP2|5.0|This video was delivered very quickly ...surprisingly quickly, and it arrived in very secure packaging.  As it was a Christmas present I haven't yet watched it, But I have no doubt the dvd will be also excede my expectiations.
B0000DJZ8R|1.0|This is a review for the actual disc not the film.  This disc is defective and will not play the full film.  The first hour plays fine, but after that the disc freezes and/or jumps to much later scenes.  There were marks (like scratches) along the outside of the disc when package was opened.  All \\"tricks\\" to get a defective disc to play do not work (e.g., cleaning with alcohol, toothpaste).  Save your money and DO NOT BUY THIS DISC.  There are many other reviewers who have had this same problem so please be wary of purchasing this disc.  It's too bad the disc doesn't work because the film itself is wonderful.
1438242816|5.0|Jane Austen is an amazing author! I loved this book. I got a little frustrated with it sometimes, but I'm very glad I decided to keep reading it. Pride and Prejudice will always be a clasic. I plan on reading the rest of Jane Austen's books also. Highly recommended.
B001E7OO2I|1.0|Nothing is adorable on this album, even the tone of the instrumental sounds he picked and the composition for the songs are not as creative as he did before. His previous two albums, above aforementioned, reflect some sparkle lights of honesty from a man's true feeling, but this \\"beautifully decorated\\" layout shows only a dimming, blur, and tricky cliche that we can easily get from any other nobody's music. If we had a \\"Wonder\\" thirty years ago, at least that Wonder shinning over generations. Now maybe people might not be easily believe in any falling Legend anymore.    PS. being a hardcore fan of Neo-Soul, I am staring worrying about if our philly boy, Musiq, would also start to fall from Soul as well.    God bless our Soul, peace!
B0017APPT8|5.0|I ordered this dvd as a Christmas present and haven't actually watched it yet.  But the package arrived surprisingly quickly even though I did not pay extra for over night delivery.  The packaging was very protective and I can find no fault in the the packaging or delivery of this Blu Ray DVD
B000ETQR3Q|5.0|This Gun is a sweet sniper with a pistel that comes off the front.!!! Did i say it comes with nerf bullets and clips plus a stand i love it soooo much. A Needed gun for a nerf war other wise the war isn't complete!!!!
B000WPAG1Q|5.0|I have to give this dvd a five star for the outstanding timing and pace, it was truly a spectacular show. The songs, most of which I had never heard, other than \\"Fighter\\", are certainly themed, so it's unlike your typical rock concert. I can't imagine how anyone could watch this tho and not be throughly entertained and impressed. Even if you weren't the hugest Christina fan ever; tho, I must say, my esteem for her certainly increased. She's a total professional, an excellent dancer, and everyone knows her voice rivals Elvis's and wins.<br /><br />If you like Christina, you will love this. If you only sort of like her and like to collect concerts, you will be throughly impressed. It truly has a great progression of song styles, and everything that comes wow's you more. Really. Outstanding concert. Unusual quality and entertainment and engery and professionalism from a pop star, in a world where amazing shows are the norm. This really is the creme de la creme of concerts and production and talent. It's big, big, big, in every way - the least of which is not heart and soul.
1551116448|5.0|Besides telling a good tale, the reader learns a great deal about the deplorable state of women's rights in 19th century Britain. Very well written by Wilkie Collins.
B0015HOFZI|4.0|It took me a while to get this unit to work but it delivers excellent results. Be aware that I have not figured out how to monitor the recordings.  When I did, I got a terrible hum in the recording so I turned the monitor off.  For now this is strictly a record only device.  Most LPs only hold 12-16 minutes per side so this is not a long wait to hear the recording.<br /><br />A switchable pre-amp built in so it works with modern receivers lacking a phono pre-amp. You need to choose the USB Audio CODEC as the default recording device in windows to get the recording to work.  The USB Codec does not have an adjustable input level so if the LP is too loud the recording is clipped by the software.  The USB Codec also prevented me from recording the line-in audio.  To get around the issue, I had to unplug the turntable's USB cable and then everything worked again.<br /><br />The Sound Forge software included with the turntable is not very good. I could not figure out how to slice the album into tracks and the auto track detection never works correctly.  I have already had to re-record a side of an album because of the poor GUI design that lets you close the recording without saving it!  I use Audacity to record because it does not lose the recording like Sound Forge does.  Abobe Audition 1.0 does not work with the USB Codec so that is why I use Audacity to record.<br /><br />This unit will pay for itself within a month not to mention the fact that some of the LPs I have are not available anywhere in digital formats.<br /><br />Pros:<br />Automatic start/stop<br />Manual queuing available<br />Inexpense<br />Automatic cueing<br />Built in sylus protector<br />Built in dust cover<br />Built in pre-amp (important for modern receivers)<br />Sound quality is excellent<br />USB or RCA jack operation<br />Compatible with Audacity.<br />Hinged dust cover<br /><br />Cons:<br />No monitoring of recording (some people have this working!)<br />No tonearm lock<br />Sound Forge software code be better<br />USB recording level is not adjustable<br />78 rpm support would be nice on a more expensive version<br /><br />Tip: Windows 7 sets the USB port to mono when you first<br />connect the turntable to a USB port.  Make sure you change<br />the configuration to stereo 44.1 kHz *before* you start<br />recording!
B000PTYPAC|1.0|***UPDATED 2/21: I got a lot of flak for this review and was asked to elaborate on why I don't like Paramore. Of course music is a subjective thing and everybody has their own criteria and taste; far be it for me to tell somebody the music they enjoy is bad. But there are two points I'd like to make:    1) I make the Guitar Hero reference as a way to point out where I was coming from when first hearing Paramore. I myself would never compare the Eagles to Paramore--the Eagles have been around for nearly 40 years and their music has withstood the test of time and if anything their legend has increased, while Paramore is a new band without much of a track record. But Red Octane included Paramore and the Eagles in the same setlist in Guitar Hero World Tour which in effect implies similar stature between the two bands. That is ridiculous. One of the great things about Guitar Hero (and rock band) is that it opens up the audiences for music, not just by introducing classic bands to new young audiences, but also music by fresh artists to grizzled codgers like myself. But when the songs are stacked back-to-back like that, I must say that in my eyes, the new music (i.e. Paramore) is wanting. Hayley Williams has a generic-sounding voice while the sonice, though competently put together echo similar acts like Fall Out Boy, no new ground is being broken.    2) Paramore's music to my ears resembles a number of fleeting emo-pop/punk acts including Avril Lavigne and Kelly Osborne. Nothing against those acts because they are successful in their own right and speak to young people, but will they withstand the test of time?  I think the true test of good music is if you ask yourself: \\"Will I still like this in 10 years? Will I pay money to go see them in concert in 2019?\\" The clear answer, in the case of Paramore -- and I am sorry to say in the case of Letters to Cleo, for that matter -- is \\"no.\\" Meanwhile, the Eagles are still selling out 20,000-seat arenas 40 years after their debut.    ***ORIGINAL REVIEW*** There I was jamming out to Guitar Hero: World Tour (medium level, so sue me) rockin out to Eagles' Hotel California (we've all heard it a million times but an indisputable classic) and finish the song AND I'M RARIN' TO GO FOR THE NEXT HIT!!! Paramore's \\"Misery Business\\" comes on. WHAT THE---?! Never heard it before, but it must be good if Red Octane is going to follow up Eagles with it, RIGHT?!    I think they should create another Guitar Hero for songs like this and call it: Guitar Hero: World Tour Of Sucky Teeny-Bopper Punk Music. What the heck is this crap?! Following up Eagles with this is like following up Star Wars (the original good movie, Episode 4) with Wing Commander (Freddie Prinze, we hardly knew ye).      I guess I'm not the target audience for this music because I am a) older than 15 years old; and b) have heard good music before!    Note to anyone who likes this: Ten years from now, when you're 25, you will deny you ever liked or listened to this, trust me. Just like how I deny I used to listen to a not dissimilar band of the Nineties called Letters To Cleo. \\"Who is that?\\" you ask?  EXACTLY!
B001G0DCSK|5.0|Let me state upfront that I am a sucker for great non-fiction documentaries. I've always believed that life is stranger than fiction. And this is just the last (and perhaps best) example of it.<br /><br />\\"Man on Wire\\" (98 min.) tells the improbable story of Phillipe Petit's dream (and eventual reality) of walking on a high wire between the two WTC buildings on August 7, 1974. The movie starts with his humble beginngins of being a street artist, eventually leading to his wanting to do high wire walks, starting with the Paris Notre Dame, then the Sidney Harbor, and then eventually the World Trade Center Towers. The movie does an excellent job building the excitement into what it took to eventually pull off that implossible event. All of the main players of the event are interviewed now more than 30 years after the event, and Philippe Petit turns out to be a master entertainer and story teller. When you are watching it all unvolve, you can't but help be in awe of it all. Just exilerating, period.<br /><br />If this movie doesn't get serious consideration of being nominated for best documentary of 2008 at the Oscars, there is something terribly wrong with the entire system. This is one of the most enthralling movies I've seen this year, and I've seen a lot of movies.
B001GQO50I|1.0|I'm usually a big fan of Rhino output.   But when will they come out with the \\"real\\" higher-quality recordings?
B0013D8LOU|2.0|The problem with the original stage version of this Sondheim musical was apparent at the time: it's a shallow story. Dressed up as it was in Brechtian stage business, adorned with two brilliant performances (Angela Lansbury and eventually George Hearn) and with the fine staging by Harold Prince, it at least seemed to be about something, even if later you realized it wasn't.  It's a penny dreadful with aspirations to high art, but it's still a penny dreadful.  Tragedy?  Sorry.  The central character doesn't have the stature for that: he's just a vengeful zero, and Mrs. Lovett a very bad cook.      The film jettisons everything that made the stage version so entertaining, starting with the humor.  Please don't tell me it's dark and subtle -- it's gone.  And without the high-octane vocal performances of Lansbury and Hearn (or any of their stage successors) the songs don't land right -- they're enervated.  Only Ed Sanders as the boy Toby and to a lesser extent Jamie Campbell Bower seem capable to getting their numbers across, and in the case of Sanders doing so superbly.  The character of Mrs. Lovett in particular is all wrong: Carter plays her as too smart, and the manic music hall energy that Lansbury brought to the role, and that the film needs so desperately, is lost.   Irony?  Look elsewhere.  Tim Burton doesn't do irony.      What did Burton want the audience to take away from this picture?   His grasp of human nature remains stubbornly infantile, and the film devolves into a nihilistic bloodbath.   Poor guy, he can't get over the fact that bad things happen.
B0001I55SS|4.0|I loved this movie when I first saw it as a kid in 1979 and this is truly a kids film<br /><br />This movie was Disney's response to Star Wars.<br /><br />The story goes as follows.  The Cygnus was the first and apparently last of a vast program to explore the stars.  The Cygnus was as vast as a city and as well armed as a battleship.  It carried a large crew.  Unfortunately, after it was lost without anyone hearing from it -- space exploration went a different route....smaller ships like Palomino were sent out to explore the cosmos for life (mostly in vain).<br /><br />As the Palomino with its small crew featuring Ernest Borgnine, a few other crew members, and V.I.N.C.E.N.T - the ship's robot, are making their way back to Earth they detect a massive black hole.<br /><br />Caught at the very edge of the Black hole's gravity but not falling in they detect a ship.  It turns out to be the Cygnus.<br /><br />I won't spoil the story beyond that but suffice it to say that the first 3/4 of the movie make great scientific sense.  Even when the pyrotechnics start, its wonderfully beautiful -- but the very last finale of the movie falls apart into metaphysical mumbo jumbo many times that's more reminiscent of the psychadelic 60s.  In its defense, the finale does tend to be somewhat poetic, is visually beautiful, but somehow it seems out of place for a movie that seems so well grounded in science for the first 3/4s of it.  Poetic ending, yes, beautiful yes....but the movie could have done with a more balanced ending.<br /><br />The movie's special effects, acting, animation, robots are all great.<br /><br />Beware though, if you saw this movie as a kid and see it as an adult expecting that same wonder that you felt as a kid - you might be dissappointed.  The robots look a bit rigid and like they're made of cardboard -- but VINCENT's and BOBs personalities steal the show.  The movie is dated, not quite as tightly woven as you probably remember.  Its a fun romp through memory lane though.<br /><br />I own the movie, if that says anything.<br /><br />If you don't like sci fi - stay away.If you don't like sci fi - stay away.
B001EO2UKO|5.0|This is an album that grows on you and from there will last forever in your soul. Northern Skies is a great send off; for any reason.
0307455874|5.0|This was the best order I have ever placed with you.  Ordered it on Wed., had it on Sat of the same week.  Every order should go as well!!  Thanks.
0743496736|1.0|Normally I like books by this author but this one was just too much.  When I reached the bizarre ending I wondered why I'd wasted my time.  The signs were there for disappointment all along but I kept thinking she'd pull it together at the end.  Instead it got worse.....
B0007XT87G|5.0|Great, new, creative, rocky, spacy, complicated and Fun. Really good album. With roots that lie in Pink Floyd, Yes, Rush and Moody Blues they take the old flavors and make it all new and exciting. Highly recommended. But I bought the DVD audio version and my only complaint is i need to turn on my TV to change modes and \\"guide\\" the disk to play. Oh well live and learn. I thought it would sound better plus there were 3 bonus songs which are not the best anyway. Buy the CD version.
0385340990|5.0|LOVED this book. It is charming, touching, well written and a delight to read. you will not be disappointed. this is a christmas gift that will be given to my family members. i will always love this book
B000NY12LO|5.0|this book moved me it was so deep and made me sacred but i still loved it very much
B001FSDOZO|5.0|I had high expectations for this CD and they were met the first time I listened to the CD. I love this CD and can listen to it over and over again and will NEVER get bored of it.
B000H5V8DG|5.0|I brought this set for my husband.  He loves watching this show. He is on season 3 and said, \\"My head hurts. There are so many twists and turns\\". Again he loves the show, and watches despite having his head hurt.
0066620996|5.0|Good to great is a book that is created from the evidence produced by rigorous study.  Using statistics and feedback, it attempts to identify common denominators in behaviors that separate great companies from good companies.  The studies were not conducted with any preconceived prejudices, in that they did not have a particular vision of what the answers would be.  The people who conducted the study simply applied the scientific method to the statistics and observed the evidence, and based off of that, conclusions were made.         Collins himself was shocked by the results.  To quote page five, \\"Our five-year quest yielded many insights, a number of them surprising and quite contrary to conventional wisdom, but one giant conclusion stands above the others: We believe that almost any organization can substantially improve its stature and preface,  perhaps become great, if it conscientiously applies the framework of ideas we uncovered.\\"  The information revealed was interesting, and Jim Collins became the author of Good to Great when he decided to analyze these studies in a self-help book designed for people who are looking to improve their business performance.  It is very applied because business is supposed to be about application, not theory, and very useful.  Collins did not write this book to show off his cognitive abilities, but to provide a beneficial experience to the reader.    - Daryl Basarab
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|Do not waste your time (and money) watching this movie...one of the worst movies i have seen in many years...
031606792X|5.0|Fantastic escape from the everyday stressors.  Immersing myself into this story was such fun-- I couldn't put it down!!
6305841861|5.0|Sort of a sequel but more of a remake or even a satire of the original, Evil Dead 2 benefits from a better budget, a more streamline plot, and the good graces not to take itself seriously in the slightest bit.  Because this is sort of a sequel, there's not a great deal of exposition on the Book of The Dead, and not a great deal of set up for the circumstances.  It assumes you've seen the first movie and don't need to have that part repeated.  We get a smaller cast, but the same cabin, the same woods, the same 15-feet-of-American-Steel car, and of course Bruce Campbell returning for the role of Ash.<br />While I enjoyed the first Evil Dead, I loved this one.  Bruce Campbell is spectacular in his intentionally over the top portrayal of Ash.  I couldn't help but wonder what the possibilities could have been if he and Ed Wood had gotten to work together.  The other members of the cast are good, but are primarily there for zombie-fodder.  There's buckets of blood in assorted colors, claymation special effects, and the best use of a chainsaw since...well maybe the Texa Chainsaw Masacre.<br />Though be warned, If you're expecting to be scared by this movie, you will be disappointed, this is a complete shlockfest; expect to laugh.
B0016Q2D5M|1.0|This movie really stinketh!! Don't ever invest in such trash such as this piece of trash!!  \\"I agree,\\" added expert movie critic, Johnny J. Johnsonson.  Don't ever buy this movie for your granddaughter/grandson .  Don't ever buy this movie for your granny. Throw it in the fire and hear it crackle!
B000EXDS5M|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies and I remember watching it for the first time sometime in the 70's and was blown away by the sharp, cutting dialog, which seemed spare, witty and utterly compelling, especially for a Western. I saw it then several times, mainly to enjoy the banter between Redford and Newman. I think the highlight of the film is their quick banter on the cliff, before the perilous leap. Redford's expression is priceless as he confesses that he can't swim. One advice though - whatever you do, don't watch it on free TV. I saw it recently and was amazed that they cut out some priceless banter when Redford and Newman land up in Bolivia with Katherine Ross all dressed up before a bunch of llamas, pigs and other animals scampering in the mud. There are at least five or six great lines there and on TV, they completely cut out the entire scene except for a brief mutterance about Bolivia by Butch.
B000063DHL|5.0|Iron Maiden have been around for such a long time and they have so many good songs and albums,but this one stands out tobe their best in my opinion.it brings so much memories back to me from when i was a kid and i just love the artwork so much...eddie rocks and maiden rules.
B001C08RHA|5.0|This is a great entertainer done very well. But how does Ironman compete so well with the Spidey and Superman films that have already established a following?   Ans:   1. With a great script, catchy dialouges and funny one-liners. You'll get enough of them throughout the movie.  2. Great chemistry between co-stars. Particularly between Robert Downey Jr and Gwenyth Paltrow, particularly in the gadget inserting scene, and at the party. The pair is so good they give the Clark Kents-Louis Lanes and Peter Parkers-MJ's a run for their money.  3. Decent special effects -This movie doesn't dethrone Spidey and Superman films but you will not be disappointed. The scene showing Ironman breaking the sound barrier on his trip to the village in Afghanistan where he rescues a village from the terrorists was a stroke of a genius. This is something that the Superman movies didn't think of in all these years. The action isn't bad too.  3. Many funny scenes - However one of them topped them all. This is the one where Tony is enjoying the wine and trying to look at the stewardesses dancing and at same time trying to pretend he is communicating with his friend who is completely vexed and frustrated trying to get his attention. Earlier in a picture bio, Tony is shown with Bill Gates. That was a nice one too.    I wonder why the linguist behind the film made the terrorists speak both Hindi and another language. Jeff Bridges does a good job. Robert Downey Junior makes a great comeback and Gwenyth does a pleasant job as the secretary. Except for one small scene that can be passed off lightly, this movie can be watched by your kids too.    Sans Ozzie's vocals, it was great to hear the riffs from Black Sabbath's \\"IronMan\\" at the end of the movie.    If you left the cinema hall during the end-credits, at the end of the end-credits, Samuel L Jackson appears and confronts Tony Stark indicating to us that a sequel is in the making. Not to forget Tony's entry in the last minutes in \\"Incredible Hulk\\" movie. Something's brewing there too. I am sure we can expect more from him.
B00006DEFA|5.0|The original release of Amadeaus was great, the Director's Cut version is even better. I recommend to have the Director's Cut version, even though one might have the original release. The sound and the picture have been greatly enhanced. I personally rate 'Amadeaus' to be one the greatest movies produced so far.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|\\"Made me \\"SICKO\\"!!!<br /><br />This DVD was first unfathomable and then a rude awakening to Health Care!<br /><br />The things we have done and still do for the almighty dollar, status and or whatever factions we deem better than another!!<br /><br />I was sickened by the lack of empathy for human life, even worse than that - watching our politicians/prominent figures (at that time) derail \\"Hillary Clinton\\" who tried her hardest to form a Governmental Health Care Plan. * Many of whom stuffed large amounts of \\"Insurance Company\\" monies in their pockets!!<br /><br />[One example: A man with no insurance cuts off 2 of his fingers; he actually had to decide which one he wanted to save as they wouldn't allow him to owe them the cost to perform the whole procedure; the many other tragedies are staggering]<br /><br />...We my friends are a cruel lot!!!<br /><br />This [our] \\"Monetary Society\\" is a disease... We and the like are in fact the \\"Infidel's\\" of this planet!! \\"Collateral Damage\\" is built into the system and not one iota of guilt seems to be apparent!! I am ashamed that I too have conspired to be a part of this monetary tragedy!!<br /><br />Next?<br /><br />We go to Canada, Britain and France all whom have Government Health Plans for all their citizens and come to learn through Moore's investigation how well the masses are cared for... Is it a perfect system? ...Is anything?<br /><br />Lets see... paid government workers coming to parents in need, when giving birth the woman can get up to a year off with full pay from her job and the government, a young man born in France - moves to America - gets cancer while here - can't afford insurance - moves back to France - once back gets all his expences paid for... not too mention, is cured!! All the while getting paid to recover. The list goes on... WOW!!!<br /><br />Moore gets a \\"KUDOS\\" but really he didn't even have to do any work as information literally fell right into his lap; all he had to do was gather the data!!
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|Ruth Wilson has given an excellent rendition of Jane, the acting is superb.However, I do feel she is too pretty for the part.  Having said that, I feel this is best version of the many produced so far. I personally have 3  in my library. I doubt any future production of Jane Eyre if any, can surpass this version.  This is a 'must' to have.
B000063UR1|3.0|It's many years in the future.  Though the earth maintains a constant 75 degrees there are no forests left.  The only place to find a forest is in space, in bio-domes attached to spaceships protecting them.  After six months into this experimental effort to save the forests, the Valley Forge and her sister ships are ordered to abandon and nuclear-destruct the forests, then return the spaceships to commercial service.  Aboard the Valley Forge is botanist Freeman Lowell (Bruce Dern - a very young Bruce Dern) who is the only member of the four-man crew who actually cares for the forests.  (He's portrayed very \\"hippie-ish\\", including wearing long canvas-type robes and longer hair than the other men)  Lowell doesn't just care for the forests, he defends them and lives for them.<br /><br />With orders received, when the men begin to nuclear-destruct the bio-domes, Lowell goes a little off the edge in defending his forests, and winds out killing all his crewmates.  He then steers the spaceship towards an outer ring of Saturn, where the other ships can't follow.  Now he's alone with his three (adorable) robots, Huey, Dewey, and Louie.  (Louie is accidentally lost during the storm of Saturn's ring)  With no more human contact, Lowell's glitchy behavior slowly descends into madness.<br /><br />It's this major part of the film that intrigues me so.  Lowell's decay is slow, but with pointedly increasing markers leading his way to full insanity.  The ending is surprising but appropriate.  It's said to be difficult for an actor to single handedly carry a show, but Dern manages quite impressively.  The special effects are of course a bit cheesy, but while the robots are not high-tech they certainly are adorable and fill their roles in the plot nicely.  Unfortunately, there are also a couple of very cheesy Joan Baez \\"nature\\" songs in the movie, you'll want to plug your ears or hit mute for those, unless you actually like the 70's \\"hippie-pop\\".<br /><br />'Silent Running' is a must-see Classic SciFi film, even if it's somewhat outdated.  It's not the best movie you'll ever watch but if you're a lover of SciFi you should treat yourself to some of the breakthroughs made in the SciFi film industry, 'Silent Running' being a part of that phenomenon.  It's also a highly interesting study of the human condition, and how we are designed to be a \\"herd\\" mammal rather than loners.  Rent first.  Enjoy!, even if it's somewhat outdated.  It's not the best movie you'll ever watch but if you're a lover of SciFi you should treat yourself to some of the breakthroughs made in the SciFi film industry, 'Silent Running' being a part of that phenomenon.  It's also a highly interesting study of the human condition, and how we are designed to be a \\"herd\\" mammal rather than loners.  Rent first.  Enjoy!
B001H5X7I4|4.0|Rude, crude and completely hilarious, Tropic Thunder hits the mark by being shamelously offensive to everyone. For those who liked war movies like Platoon, Full Metal Jacket and of course Apocalypse Now, this movie is not an homage but a spoof of all of them. The drastic step the character Lazarus(Robert Downey Jr.)takes to play his role is extreme in which he completely immerses himself in the role almost forgetting who he really is. Another great twist is having Tom Cruise play someone so radically different from his usual roles(his dance scenes are memorable). This movie is full of surprises and very entertaining!
1417082658|5.0|This was a number one, first class thriller.  Absoloutely one of the best that I have that I have enjoyed so much in years!
B001ED7C58|4.0|I loved the music on this soundtrack. It fit well and is fun to listen to.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|This season is better than the first two, and even though it was shortened due to the writer's strike, I notice that they still charge full price for the DVD set, even though there are fewer episodes. Such a deal! But I paid it anyway, just to get this season in my hands. The plot is really that much better. You are guessing right up to the end if Dean will escape Hell or not. Bobby continues to develop into the brother's new father figure, since Daddy Winchester is taking a dirtnap. Bobby is my favorite non-Winchester character. I also love the appearance of the two female characters. Strangely, I thought Bella was a good character and was not entirely convinced about Ruby, which is the opposite of how most fans feel. Bella was a pain, but useful at times, and I still felt a little sorry for her as she was dragged off to Hell by Hellhounds in the end. As for Ruby, I am like Dean; I remain unconvinced why a demon would tag along with two humans, taking insults from Dean and NOT ripping his tongue from his mouth. I know she has saved them both many times, but I still don't entirely trust her. I think she's up to something.<br />When this season ended, Dean was strung up in Hell, pitifully calling out for Sam, and I thought it couldn't get any better than that. From what I have seen so far of season 4, they have proved me wrong once again. I have said it before and I'll say it again, this is one of the most underrated, unfairly unappreciated shows on tv.
031606792X|5.0|This book was outstanding. To begin Bella still is making a decision if she should join the world of vampires or stay with normal world of humans. Edward still is at her side but things start to look better for the both of them. Jacob is still Bella's best friend but things change as Bella beings to \\"grow\\". Its starts off Bella and Edward are finally taking there relationship to the next level and decide to tie the knot and start their new life together. Like most marriages though, their lives are going up and down. Another character is introduced to the book but has a very \\"small\\" part. Bella once again is in trouble with the vampires and wolves and an old enemy decides to come back, but this time she has a surprise for them. Edward and Jacob were bad in the last three books but in this book things get al little worse.  With Jacob still trying to convince Bella that she should be with him things start to toss and turn. Will Edward and Bella last you have to read the book! Charlie and Bella's relationship beings to change also. With Bella and Edward going to college and Charlie by himself, he begins to change too. In the end the friendships that once started change. I think this was an amazing book and would definitely recommend you to read this you have already read the first three and let me go ahead and warn you now once you get into it you won't be able to stop reading it. Trust me I couldn't put it down for 8 hours one day. There were moments when I could've left the house but didn't because I got to into it.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|In this season, just as the brothers are reunited with their Dad, things get changed all over again. This season mostly deals with their struggle with the yellow-eyed demon Azazel, and his plans for Sam. They also must deal with great personal loss. The final episode in this season has Dean making a huge sacrifice for his brother Sam, and a battle that is both a major victory and major defeat for the brothers. My favorite new character this season is Bobby. He is like the show, really; deceptively brilliant. At first glance, you might not think much of him; he runs a junkyard, dresses in old, beat up clothes, and his mouth is always open. But go ahead and underestimate him; he's a brilliant hunter and researcher who can trick just about any demon, and he helps out Sam and Dean on a regular basis. When he fixes his eyes on you, it's like he can see right through to your soul, and uncover the truth in record time. My only real complaint about this season is that they never should have killed Ash, the genius hunter.. anyone with a mullet that awesome deserves to live forever!<br />The plot is getting more involved this season, things are connected together more, but that just makes it more interesting.
B00004Z459|5.0|The first time I saw Linkin Park I was just chilling out at home watching MTV.  All of sudden a unique-looking video that appeared to be filmed in cave came on.  Three minutes later I was thinking, \\"Wow, that was awesome.\\"  The video was for \\"One Step Closer.\\"  I bought the cd a short time later and was amazed by virtually every song on the album.  During my first semester of college, I listened to this entire album nearly everyday.      My two favorites types of music are rap/hip-hop and metal so this album was right up my alley.  Great lyrics, tight beats, heavy guitar riffs, everything I could ask for.  Also, I've always thought it was cool to have two primary vocalists in the same band.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|I admit it, I only got into this show because it was on right after Smallville. I knew Jensen Ackles from his one season on Smallville, and honestly I wasn't that into his role as Jason on that show. I thought the idea for two ghostbusting brothers sounded kind of dumb, but I watched the premier anyway, and I have been hooked ever since. Dean's smart-a$$ mouth, the Impala, and the excellent plots keep things lively. They come up with some very imaginative and clever plots, not just hunting down and killing another ghost each week. This show can be really unpredictable; just when you think you know what's about to happen, it goes in a totally different direction. I feel this show is one of the most underrated and unfairly neglected shows on tv. It has some very intelligent writing and plots, it can scare you at times, and make you laugh as well.
B000UG4LYU|5.0|David Bowie - The Buddha of Suburbia (1995)<br /><br />For a guy who favors David Bowie's glam-rock period the most, it's kinda funny that THE BUDDHA OF SUBURBIA turns out to be one of my favorite Bowie albums. The music never gets too heavy and it's very adventurous without being self-conscious. Most songs are loaded with subtle electronic atmosphere and jazzy textures, yet there's a wide range of styles on this album.<br /><br />Bowie once again proves himself to be more than just a great singer as he skillfully navigates keyboard, sax and guitar passages. Erdal Kizilcay, Bowie's main music partner and coproducer on BUDDHA,  deserves a lot of credit as well.<br /><br />This is certainly one of Bowie's best albums of the 90's, but maybe it's not too surprizing that it originally wasn't released in America - it's not terribly commercial for one thing. It does seem to be aimed more toward British sensibilities and I suppose it's quintessentially Brittish overall. Even so, this American (me) has found a lot to love about it.<br /><br />Breakdown:<br /><br />\\"The Buddha of Suburbia\\" - a great \\"state of my mind\\" song in which the singer perseveres with an optimistic outlook in the face of a modern world mired in insanity. The music conveys a tentative sort of hope and then swells with anguish courtesy of Bowie's sax. ****1/2<br /><br />\\"Sex and the Church\\" - an odd, quirky rumination on the title subject which Bowie delivers through heavily distorted vocals. It moves along steadily with a roaming but grounded bass line, electronic percussion and various sounds including great jazzy sax from Bowie. *****<br /><br />\\"South Horizon\\" - My favorite track, this one is essentially free-form jazz with hip-hop and techno elements mixed in. For me, it's a revelation and I'd love to hear a whole album like this. Guest pianist Mike Garson tickles the keys to thrilling effect. *****+<br /><br />\\"The Mysteries\\" - A deep, murky ambient track, like staring out across the ocean on a foggy morning. On the cusp of something intangibly brilliant. *****<br />\\"Bleed Like a Craze, Dad\\" - A bad-a** bass line, ripping electric guitars, unnerving background noises and more jazz inflections all make for an ominous, infectious and dancable cut. The title is kinda disturbing, yet fitting. Listen carefully and you can hear a dog barking to the beat! *****+<br /><br />\\"Strangers When We Meet\\" - Has a dreamy, Roxy Music quality. The song was stuck on the end of OUTSIDE, rather uncomfortably I might add despite its lyrical relevance to that album. It's much more at home here. ***1/2<br /><br />\\"Dead Against It\\" - sounds like a bubbling, runaway electronic excursion through modern life. In contrast, Bowie's singing is subdued and the subject matter (a woman who is dead again, dead against . . . something) remains intriguing yet inscrutable to me. ****<br /><br />\\"Untitled No. 1\\" - is another Roxy Music influenced tune (Roxy Music in turn were no doubt influenced by early Bowie). This track is an extremely sensuous wonderland, perfect for dancing cheek to cheek or a romantic candlelit evening. The lack of a proper title is unfortunate but inconsequential. ****1/2<br /><br />\\"Ian Fish, U.K. Heir\\" - another ambient piece with echos seemingly from a Buddhist Monestary on a distant mountaintop. Features gentle acoustic guitar, among other elements. White noise from a needle on vinyl fills out the background to interesting effect. ****1/2<br /><br />\\"Buddha of Suburbia\\" - one could say this almost identical take on the opening track is pointless and lazy, but I like the way the song provides bookends for the album and brings its theme full circle. This second version also ups the ante with a passionate guitar courtesy of Lenny Kravitz. ****1/2ke a Craze, Dad\\" - A bad-a** bass line, ripping electric guitars, unnerving background noises and more jazz inflections all make for an ominous, infectious and dancable cut. The title is kinda disturbing, yet fitting. Listen carefully and you can hear a dog barking to the beat! *****+   \\"Strangers When We Meet\\" - Has a dreamy, Roxy Music quality. The song was stuck on the end of OUTSIDE, rather uncomfortably I might add despite its lyrical relevance to that album. It's much more at home here. ***1/2   \\"Dead Against It\\" - sounds like a bubbling, runaway electronic excursion through modern life. In contrast, Bowie's singing is subdued and the subject matter (a woman who is dead again, dead against . . . something) remains intriguing yet inscrutable to me. ****   \\"Untitled No. 1\\" - is another Roxy Music influenced tune (Roxy Music in turn were no doubt influenced by early Bowie). This track is an extremely sensuous wonderland, perfect for dancing cheek to cheek or a romantic candlelit evening. The lack of a proper title is unfortunate but inconsequential. ****1/2   \\"Ian Fish, U.K. Heir\\" - another ambient piece with echos seemingly from a Buddhist Monestary on a distant mountaintop. Features gentle acoustic guitar, among other elements. White noise from a needle on vinyl fills out the background to interesting effect. ****1/2   \\"Buddha of Suburbia\\" - one could say this almost identical take on the opening track is pointless and lazy, but I like the way the song provides bookends for the album and brings its theme full circle. This second version also ups the ante with a passionate guitar courtesy of Lenny Kravitz. ****1/2
B000002UAO|5.0|Just one year before this came out the Beatles were really a rock band that wrote just bubblegum pop love songs but this album would change all that. By 1965 The Beatles had already made six albums and the movie A Hard Day's Night with one of the reasons why the band in that movie acted so weird was because they got introduced to marijuana by Bob Dylan that same time. Anyways back too the point. Rubber Soul was a very important album for three reasons:<br />1. One of the first rock albums of all time too include sitar and was when the Beatles became a more album based band and its very creative with songs like, Norwegian Wood(sitar), Nowhere Man, Think For Yourself, Drive My Car, and really every other track on Rubber Soul.<br />2. Rubber Soul is defenently by far one of the first rock records that was considered art and the first one that was actullay creative, and more great albums would come after Rubber Soul, Revolver, Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band, and The White Albu, and Abbey Road. An essential rock album<br />3. Last but not least Rubber Soul also influenced one of the greatest rock albums of all time, Pet Sounds, when Pet Sounds in turn would influence Sgt. Peppers.<br />  Rubber Soul even ranked number five on rolling stones list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.<br />An essential rock album one of the best of all time every thing about this album is perfect.<br /><br />1. Drive My Car 5/5 stars<br />2. Norwegian Wood(This Bird Has Flown) 5/5 stars<br />3. You Wont See Me 5/5 stars<br />4. Nowhere Man 5/5 stars<br />5. Think For Yourself 5/5 stars<br />6. The Word 5/5 stars<br />7. Michelle 4.7/5 stars<br />8. What Goes On 4.8/5 stars<br />9. Girl 5/5 stars<br />10. Im Looking Through You 5/5 stars<br />11. In My Life 5/5 stars<br />12. Wait 5/5 stars<br />13. If I Needed Someone 5/5 stars<br />14. Run For Your Life
0060566108|3.0|Are you interested to know how WalMart, IBM & HP became superior organizations? Jim & Jerry present their findings about these successful companies and many more. Some of the key take aways from this book are \\"Preserve the Core Ideology & Stimulate Progress\\", \\"Try a lot of stuff and keep that works\\", & \\"Companies built just for generating profits do not become superior\\".<br /><br />Have you been postponing your entrepreneurial venture just because you couldn't find a 'niche'? The authors give a variety of examples where some of the great companies didn't start with just one particular idea or product. They tried a number of things before they found their 'magic formula' for success.<br /><br />I still couldn't completely buy-in to the \\"Home Grown Management\\" concept. May be the authors didn't do a good job of convincing me enough.<br /><br />The style and the tone of this book resembles \\"Good to Great\\". If I had to compare this book with \\"Good to Great\\", I'm honest that \\"Good to Great\\" was very valuable.<br /><br />If you really wanted to know the strengths of the companies that are \\"Built to last\\", you should read this book.
B000V6738U|3.0|I love Steely Dan, but how can you say this is the definitive collection when you don't include \\"Only A Fool Would Say That,\\" \\"Black Cow\\", \\"Josie,\\" and \\"Aja\\" but do include \\"My Old School,\\" \\"Bad Sneakers,\\" and \\"Things I Miss The Most?\\" If I remember correctly, Aja was the group's best-selling album and their first platinum record. In July 1978, the album won the Grammy Award for Best Engineered Non-Classical Recording.  So, why did they leave three of their best songs of this CD?  Go figure.  Spend the extra [...] and download your own essential 16 Steely Dan songs.
B00011F5DK|5.0|I love this game!  My son wanted to buy it after playing it in his math class.  We play all the time.  Very fun and educational too.  Better than sitting in front of video games.    I put each set of pieces in their own zip lock bag to make sure none of the pieces get lost.
1423113497|5.0|My 8 year old, 3rd grade son is an advanced reader but prefers to be read to, but when I started reading the first few chapters of this series he took over and read the rest by himself.  He talks about this book a lot and can't wait to get to the next chapter and book.  It's set up so there's a cliffhanger at the end of every chapter.  He's had an interest in the Greek myths since seeing Hercules, but this has a modern feel to it and the girls are strong too.  Even I, at 45, enjoyed them so much that I read ahead of him while snuggling on the coach at night.  It's better than Harry Potter and that's saying a lot.
B0013FSL3E|3.0|I was somewhat disappointed in this movie. I have heard that it was supposed to be very good, so I was expecting a masterpiece. The graphics were cool, but the story was boring. Even though Wall-E was the main character, in the climax Eve saved the day. Eve is another robot that is supposed to be a supporting character. Wall-E was a character that always needed saving from Eve. I give it a 8 out of 10 for the graphics, and 6 out of ten for the story. It was not that much about the environment, and I only laughed a few times.
B001KVZ69I|5.0|Certainly, there are some professional critics who will show-off clever epithets when they review this film.  Their smart-aleck comments might be something like \\"See what happens to naughty little boys who disobey their parents?\\" or, \\"Curiosity killed the cat.\\"  There are some critics who opine that this film disserves the Holocaust.  Look, just avoid them, and see the film.      Such comments like those are unfair to the film, which hits the right note in its simplicity.  There are many directors who would've blown it way out of proportion.  Some commentators have criticized the actors' British dialects.  The use of dialects is part of the actor's craft.  However, I find the director's decision not to use German dialect appropriate.      I saw the movie in limited release without foreknowledge of the plot or the storyline.  I found it a haunting story that lingers in the mind.  The audience, with whom I saw it, did not cheer, did not applaud, and did not cry; we were just numbed into silence by the power of the story.  We exited in silence.  That doesn't happen in movies too often.  I can see the faith the studio has in it.  But having seen it once, do I want to see it again?    If viewed as a fable, and the book has won many awards, the story may be too simplistic.  The book was written for children, as if a child was to read the story, but it's marketed to young adults in high school, I think because of the story's power.  Using a fable to tell the story allows the author to take a step from reality.  Some have correctly commented upon the implausibility of the plot and events in the film.  Whether it was correct for the director to follow the book so closely, that is, telling an allegory or fairy tale (which cinema does poorly, as in the case of Spielberg's wonderful film, \\"AI: Artificial Intelligence\\" (2001)), is uncertain.  If the director had chosen to infect the film with some hard doses of reality, the film would have a different feel.       Consider, Bruno, the major character.  In the book and film, he's an eight-year old boy who is innocent of all the storm and stress of Nazi Era Germany.  In reality, Bruno would've been in the Hitler Youth since he was six.  He would've been educated in the Nazi catechism of the time and not been such an innocent in search of a playmate.  If, for the sake of the movie, Bruno was in the Hitler Youth and been shown in uniform for a moment, let's say at the party in Berlin, it might have meant a stronger character arc for him, reminiscent of the film, \\"Tomorrow the World\\" (1944) that starred Skippy Homeier, who won an award for his portrayal of a Hitler Youth.  The storyline would not need to change; the plot would proceed like Teutonic clockwork toward the powerful coda.  But, perhaps that might've changed it too much, for the film relies on its simplicity.          Consider, Shmeul, Bruno's acquaintance.  Shmeul's survival in the camp was very uncertain, but we know that children did survive.  We have recollections of those who were there.  At the end of the war, Allies had a terrific problem relocating the surviving children, as told in the film, \\"The Search\\" (1948).      But, that's the difference between telling a fable intended for children (who've been shooed away by the rating) and a fable for adults who see the childishly simple metaphors at play.         So, would I want to see this movie again?  Yes, I want to see it again, if I can afford it, and if I can get myself in the frame of mind again.  Do I recommend owning a copy of the video?  Yes.  I will, but not on Blu-ray.        I think this is a story that tells the affect of the Holocaust and its lingering Hell on everyone connected with it then and ever since, and I think it will affect you, too.
B001HDO4Z6|4.0|I snagged this when it was $5.99 on Amazon a little while ago, and was quite pleased by what I heard.      Life in Technicolor II is -- like its predecessor on VLV -- an incredible, infectious opening number, and I'd go so far to say that with its greater length, plus vocals, is even better that the original.  And I'm thrilled that they've provided a version of \\"Lovers in Japan\\" as a stand-alone version; truthfully, I don't care for the \\"Reign of Love\\" 2nd part on VLV.    Rather than do a complete song-by-song review/critique, let me just say that nearly all the other songs on this cd are creative, musically pleasing and a continuing sign that Coldplay is going to be a band that will evolve and stay on the scene for a long time.    One downer is the Jay-Z guest rap on \\"Lost!\\"  Talk about an Excedrin moment, ouch.  I cringe to think of the reviews had Coldplay included this one on VLV; Jay ruins what is my favorite VLV song.      All in all, a solid addition to the published Coldplay repertoire!
B001AACEP8|4.0|Not that this album is bad but it's derivative of so many other things. I swear there isn't an original moment here. Jill Sobule did  a song called \\"I Kissed A Girl\\" years ago.<br /><br />Not bad but there's better.
0575077174|5.0|All I can say is read this.    Shades of Ian M Banks and Linda Nagata added to Reynolds unique style.  Best book by far from him. Space opera set to the strains of a love story and balanced against revenge for a horrible accident a million years gone.    While I enjoyed his previous stuff (particularly the 1st two novels), House of Suns is in a class of its own.
B001EOQWFI|2.0|I had several trusted fiends say things to me such as \\"This is the best Pixar film since Toy Story\\" or \\"One of my favorite animated films of all time\\". With such high praise going in, it is probably not surprising that I came away disappointed.<br /><br />That being said, I should state that the visual quality and effects rendering were mind-blowing quality. Completely awe inspiring and stunning in every way you might imagine.<br /><br />But the flow and pace of the story was totally insufficient for me to sustain my enthusiasm. Perhaps it was the overtly political Malthusian anti-human stereotypes, or just the fact that there was no real dialogue for the first half of the file...hard to say. Once aspect of previous Pixar movies that I have enjoyed is the witty banter and repartee of the characters. There was none of that in this film. Yes, the robots were very physically expressive, but that was not enough to make up for the missing ingredients.
B00005JPO1|5.0|I'm a long time fan of the Indiana Jones series and The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull didn't disappoint.  If you are a die hard Indiana Jones fan you'll love this movie.
0385338732|1.0|I was very sadden with the outcome of this book and how long it took her to get to the point. Not Sophie best. Read her other works.
B000NJVWU0|5.0|While Eric Woolfson remembers being under the tremendous pressure of recording deadlines even as Alan Parsons remembers a recording process bedeviled by all manner of malfunctions in a foreign studio, Andrew Powell delivered the finest orchestral arrangements to ever grace a Project.  In strictly musical terms, Andrew Powell made what would possibly have been a good but under-distinguished album absolutely exceptional!  Songs like [[ASIN:B001GZJG80 Winding Me Up]] and [[ASIN:B001GZL6L0 Damned If I Do]] would never be the same without Andrew Powell's orchestral touch.  As such, I would strongly recommend tracking down some of Powell's other work, especially Andrew Powell and The Philharmonia Orchestra [[ASIN:B001E0MAIU Play the Best of the Alan Parsons Project]] and [[ASIN:B000001P1O Ladyhawke: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack]].<br /><br />In strictly conceptual terms, the time constraints imposed by Arista forced Woolfson to abandon his original hope of composing an album dedicated to significant women throughout history such as Joan of Arc.  What remained was a far more conventional look at the fairer gender and their influence over men.  The photography by Hipgnosis actually sums up the conceptual short-comings of EVE quite succinctly.  Holding the male viewer in the longing of their lovely gazes, two of the three women are so subtlely marred that said flaws do not detract from their tremendous beauty.  Unfortunately, the third woman is presented with an undeserved ugliness that completely overwhelms her beauty.  Although never intended as universal statements, the songs [[ASIN:B001GZQWU0 You Lie Down With Dogs]] and [[ASIN:B001GZJG76 I'd Rather Be A Man]] suffer in much the same way the third photographed woman does for much the same reason.<br /><br />But, for me at least, the paradigm upon which EVE rests is the stunningly beautiful instrumental [[ASIN:B001GZJG8K Secret Garden]] through which the listener glimpses the lost garden that Lesley Duncan seems to almost beckon us back to in the closing epic [[ASIN:B001GZQWVE If I Could Change Your Mind]].  The poignant sorrow of Duncan's soulful vocals harken the listener back to the time when man and woman lived in perfect harmony with one another.  One can only wonder how EVE would have been received all these years had it been called EDEN instead.  With an instrumental overture called [[ASIN:B001GZMPG0 Lucifer]], are ponderings of that sort really such a stretch?<br /><br />While the bonus material once again grants a welcomed look behind the scenes of the creative process, the one song from long-fabled \\"The Sicilian Defence\\" called \\"Elsie's Theme\\" will likely cause almost anyone hearing it to wonder why it was never recorded before now.  [[ASIN:B001GZOT6Y Elsie's Theme from The Sicilian Defence (The Album That Never Was)]] is a very adept solo piano piece by Woolfson that would be right at home on an acoustic new age program or, even, at a quietly dramatic point in a film.  I would not mind hearing an entire album of Woolfson's solo piano works if they are anything like this.back to in the closing epic [[ASIN:B001GZQWVE If I Could Change Your Mind]].  The poignant sorrow of Duncan's soulful vocals harken the listener back to the time when man and woman lived in perfect harmony with one another.  One can only wonder how EVE would have been received all these years had it been called EDEN instead.  With an instrumental overture called [[ASIN:B001GZMPG0 Lucifer]], are ponderings of that sort really such a stretch?    While the bonus material once again grants a welcomed look behind the scenes of the creative process, the one song from long-fabled \\"The Sicilian Defence\\" called \\"Elsie's Theme\\" will likely cause almost anyone hearing it to wonder why it was never recorded before now.  [[ASIN:B001GZOT6Y Elsie's Theme from The Sicilian Defence (The Album That Never Was)]] is a very adept solo piano piece by Woolfson that would be right at home on an acoustic new age program or, even, at a quietly dramatic point in a film.  I would not mind hearing an entire album of Woolfson's solo piano works if they are anything like this.
0930289234|2.0|You didn't like Watchmen?  You must be unintelligent, a graphic novel noob, or you just don't understand the history of comics.<br /><br />Say whatever you wish because I did not enjoy Watchmen.<br /><br />Since college I had a friend constantly try to get me to read the graphic novel.  He knew that I liked stories told through any medium and that I would give it an open-minded reading.  Eventually I decided to take the plunge, after all, if Time Magazine has it listed as one of the 100 best novels then it must contain some merit.<br /><br />Let me first say that I understand how important this piece is for modern comics.  Watchmen was the first story to really dive into the deeper side of being a good guy hero and the not so much black and white but gray area in which the real world operates.<br /><br />Historically it is very important, but simply being historical does not warrant the intense praise that it is receiving today.  I'm afraid it doesn't have the impact now that it did in the 80's.  The story type has been improved upon and stories like \\"The Dark Knight\\" will be compared to it unfairly, but compared nonetheless because it's fresh in people's minds.<br /><br />The majority of the graphic novel is character development, which in and of itself is not a bad thing, but the story just falls flat in the end.  The mad scientist has the good guys in his lair where he reveals his evil plan for influential control of the world's future.  Even then you don't really feel a connection to any of the heroes which causes a further disconnect between the reader and the story.<br /><br />There are plenty of positive reviews touting the stronger sides of the comic.  I feel many of those are overly upbeat.  And I'm sure I'll be trashed and left negative helpfuls from fanboys but that doesn't matter.  Someone needs to point out this overhyped story for what it really is... rather unremarkable.
B0018CWWLE|5.0|Fantastic concert of Genesis in Rome. Sound and picture quality is superb. There are old songs and newer songs in the double disc set with the third disc being a documentary on the show.Many extras to each song for those who want some background talk and chatter. Oldies like In the Cage medley, Afterglow, Ripples, Follow you Follow me and Carpet Crawlers stand out in clear HD quality video. Not to be missed and highly recommended for any Genesis fan. Value for money.
B0006GAOBI|5.0|I wish I could understand in this day and age what exactly it is that makes a cult film. Quite possibly, it could be the following that film has and how rabid they are about the film itself. It's true that Donnie Darko has one of the most intense followings a film could ever ask for. The fans of this film has dissected it from the inside out, trying to explain each and every little facet of the film. Which is cool, if you're into having information spoonfed to you and not really interested in figuring it out for yourself.<br /><br />However, I find that to be the most interesting and entertaining aspect of this film. Nothing is really explained in full, but it's not so vague that it's completely impossible to understand. Richard Kelly wrote a brilliant script, full of true emotion and at times horror, complete with science fiction elements so strange it will be hard to wrap your brain around them if you're not entirely into this kind of film. It certainly is not for the casual viewer.<br /><br />But with the Director's Cut, we get a whole new look at the original Donnie Darko, with over twenty minutes of additional footage and a whole new soundtrack.<br /><br />Before Bubble Boy and Brokeback Mountain, Jake Gyllenhaal established himself as an incredible actor with his portrayal of Donnie Darko. Indeed, it is the acting in this film that makes it so powerful. The interaction between the family, especially Jake and real-life-sister Maggie, and the dinner conversation between the two, makes you believe that these two really are siblings in the context of the film and doesn't feel like just two actors going at each other's throats. Maybe it was just the fact that they grew up together that made it so believable, but I tend to lean more towards the fact that the two were just great actors as it was, and used the influence from their lives together to craft a bond between the two characters. And of course, Jena Malone is fantastic, as she always is, as Gretchen Ross, Donnie's girlfriend and unfortunate victim in the whole scheme of things. But there isn't really a weak actor in this film, they all do excellent in their roles, and it all just seems completely believable.<br /><br />The cinematography is also top notch. For a first time director, Richard Kelly really knows what he's doing and always manage to find the most beautiful and effective shots to emphasize what's going on in the scene. That's what's beautiful about this film- there isn't a shot that is just there to further the movie, every shot is there to increase the impact of what is going on in the story. Even in the simplest shots, there is something special about each one that I rarely see in films.<br /><br />Also with this Director's Cut, Richard Kelly changed the score around, which was hit and miss. Most of the time it was a hit, but I miss hearing Echo and the Bunnymen playing during the opening scene. INXS's Never Tear Us Apart isn't bad, but I remember falling in love with The Killing Moon because of the original cut. Basically, that's my only gripe about the change in score, as everything else works perfectly.<br /><br />If you haven't seen Donnie Darko and want a film that isn't a spoonfed 'here's what's going on' formula, do yourself a favor and see it. If you loved the original cut, chances are you'll love this one too. This is a film every should see at least one time, even if just to say you did.fortunate victim in the whole scheme of things. But there isn't really a weak actor in this film, they all do excellent in their roles, and it all just seems completely believable.    The cinematography is also top notch. For a first time director, Richard Kelly really knows what he's doing and always manage to find the most beautiful and effective shots to emphasize what's going on in the scene. That's what's beautiful about this film- there isn't a shot that is just there to further the movie, every shot is there to increase the impact of what is going on in the story. Even in the simplest shots, there is something special about each one that I rarely see in films.    Also with this Director's Cut, Richard Kelly changed the score around, which was hit and miss. Most of the time it was a hit, but I miss hearing Echo and the Bunnymen playing during the opening scene. INXS's Never Tear Us Apart isn't bad, but I remember falling in love with The Killing Moon because of the original cut. Basically, that's my only gripe about the change in score, as everything else works perfectly.    If you haven't seen Donnie Darko and want a film that isn't a spoonfed 'here's what's going on' formula, do yourself a favor and see it. If you loved the original cut, chances are you'll love this one too. This is a film every should see at least one time, even if just to say you did.
B001JIDE3M|5.0|It was a fun movie, alot like Indiana Jones.It was good from start to finish.
B001GKJ2DO|1.0|My two daughters and I went to see Mamma Mia a few weeks ago.  I have NEVER been anymore disappointed in ANY musical in all my life.  The casting was ridiculous as NONE of them could sing worth listening to them.  I thought Sophie was bearable, but ALL the rest were hideous and wayyyyyyyyyy too old to play the roles they had.  PLEASE GO SEE THE BROADWAY MUSICAL as this cinema version is NOT WORTH even the mere $1.50 I paid.  geapt
0316017922|5.0|If you enjoy having your mind changed, then this is the book for you.  I like to think I know how the world works and Malcolm Gladwell likes to show me how narrow-minded I've been.
0399230033|5.0|I ordered this book based on the reviews, and when I first introduced it to my son (at 18 months) he didn't go for it.  But a year later, this is his favorite bedtime story!  Granted, there are very few words in the story...but I think that's actually a good thing.  I provide my own narrative based on the pictures, and I ask my son questions about what he sees as we go through the book.  He really enjoys identifying the animals in the story, and his favorite thing is pointing out where the balloon is on every page.  On the first page of the story, a balloon is released into the air.  In subsequent pages, the balloon gets smaller and smaller as it floats away.  It's a nice added bonus to this story.  I really recommend this story!
0374531269|5.0|When I put this book down all I could say was, \\"Wow.\\" You feel the pain he must have been going through when he lost his family, you feel his anger at the way he was treated by the Rebels and you are shocked when the Rebels who claim to be siding with the people are killing the people with joy.
B0016Q2D5M|3.0|I found that the Three D was very poor, The picture without the use of the Three D was much better and truer colors, this was a disapointment to me. I've seen better Three D films.
B001GKYBXA|4.0|I have not heard the two previous Fireman albums, and at $200 a pop for these  discontinued items it doesnt seem they will be added to my collection anytime soon. The title Electric Arguments is just that. Avante garde is not my cup of coffee and that is what I thought this may turn out to be but thankfully it is not. The opening track \\"Nothing too much\\" grabs you by the throat and will rock yer socks off. Paulies vocals are rough and committed throughout this release, and along with great musicianship make this a winner. Keep listening through the end of the last track \\"Don't stop running\\" after a minute or two of silence a nice little surprise comes along.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|packaged in paper throughout means more money in my pocket and theirs, and waste that is recyclable & biodegradable.  Oh and there's about 10 songs on it.  & most of the songs sound very decent.
0156034026|4.0|One of the unsettling things about Hamid's tense, terse novel is the quiet manner in which its elements--the deliberately provocative nature of its title, the manner of its telling, the ambiguous motivations of its characters--challenge the reader's own presuppositions. \\"You should not imagine that we Pakistanis are all potential terrorists,\\" its narrator chides, even as he coyly hints that his intellectual and emotional rebellion against the United States may have more menacing ramifications. Does fundamentalism refer to his Islamic heritage or to the \\"fundamentals\\" of Western-style capitalism? Was he reluctant to return to his native country, or was he a reluctant ingenue of American business? Who is more dangerous, this Pakistani narrator recounting the story of his Princeton schooling and his rise and fall at an American firm, or the quiet American listener, whose presence in the cafe in Lahore may be more than mere happenstance?<br /><br />Changez, the young man whose monologue recounts his American adventure, had it all: graduating at the top of his class, snapped up by a prestigious firm, and thrilled by his relationship with Erica, an attractive Manhattan socialite. He adopts the professionalism--and, more hesitantly, the arrogance--of his colleagues, but underneath his facade is a \\"sort of Third World sensibility.\\" Then, 9/11 changes Changez, who in turns notices changes (both real and perceived) in the attitudes of Americans towards immigrants like himself. Even a two-week-old beard (\\"perhaps, a form of protest on my part\\") becomes a matter for mutual hostility and suspicion. The deterioration of Changez's relationship with his adopted country parallels the worsening emotional state of his girlfriend: While America reverts to an insular longing for a past grandness, Erica retreats into her undiminished love for a dead man, her former boyfriend.<br /><br />The America/Erica equivalence is, perhaps, too unsubtle; it's an instance of heavy-handedness in a mostly understated novel calculated to explore, but not explain, the world's love-hate relationship with the U.S. One of America's biggest faults, as Hamid would have it, is the retreat \\"into myths of your own difference, assumptions of your own superiority.\\" The story of its narrator, himself a man torn between two cultures (and hardly a paragon of faultlessness), forces us to rethink those myths and assumptions.novel calculated to explore, but not explain, the world's love-hate relationship with the U.S. One of America's biggest faults, as Hamid would have it, is the retreat \\"into myths of your own difference, assumptions of your own superiority.\\" The story of its narrator, himself a man torn between two cultures (and hardly a paragon of faultlessness), forces us to rethink those myths and assumptions.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|this first series has 2 dvd's.  i'm on dvd numero uno, and savoring it.  will watch numero dos soon...
0780622553|5.0|An addendum to the other reviews.    It is possible that we will soon live in an (individually) customizable reality. For example, take some one whose primary reality verification source is the Internet.    Another example is basing decisions on \\"hunches.\\"  Which sensory channels did these hunches arrive from? Which part of your sensory spectrum could you guarantee? Are there possibly edge-of-spectrum inputs that you did not block out? Audio (ultra / sub-sonic suggestions)? Visual (infra-red / low-contrast suggestions)? A topic you hadn't thought about? Followed by recommendations about some possible ways you could feel about it?    Take the first issue - a channel like the Internet. You could, theoretically, be getting fed a self-consistent \\"channel,\\" or selective reality.    Every now and then, it may help to break out and grab hold of some non-manipulable sources. Verify your accustomed reality using connections/\\"friends\\" besides your publicized ones.    Back to \\"hunches.\\" Look at when you arrived at your hunch. Were you in an environment where you could not restrict edge-of-input-spectrum \\"suggestions?\\" Examine the possible source of your hunches. Select an environment where you could shut out some sensory or electronic input communication sources, at least temporarily. Hunches under these conditions are more likely to be based on your own synthesis.    This could be a remote possibility now. So dredge it up for reexamining later in a few decades. And if it's not valid then, then plug it into your calendar for and check its relevance in another decade or so.    This movie facilitates an outlier mindset. Somehow, its more successful successor \\"The Matrix\\" did not (at least for me). This at least got me developing back-of-the-mind responses to such outlier scenarios.     In a sense, this movie adds contingency planning, if for a currently remote risk, to the thinking of those who watch it. Other movies tend not to add real value. It also stands out as an interesting, unusual, and well-made movie. I would definitely recommend buying it. I tried twice, and got it this time.
B000HIVOI2|1.0|Like other reviewers, I love the movie and already had it on dvd, but was VERY disappointed with the Blu-Ray transfer. When the scenes are bright (e.g., in the desert), the picture is excellent. But darker scenes are horrible. Very grainy. I'm not even sure grainy is the right word. There's snow on the picture like I'm receiving it with an antenna and the signal is weak. But then, switch to a brighter scene and we're back to crispy again. I can't figure out what went wrong. Was the original film poor in lower light conditions? I doubt it. Did they transfer from a copy of a copy of a copy? Probably. Regardless, I CANNOT recommend this Blu-Ray for now. Perhaps an \\"ultimate\\" or \\"collector's\\" edition will come out so I can buy it a 3rd time and they'll have cleaned it up. Hello? Criterion? Are you there? Somebody get the rights off these Lionsgate boobs.    I understand a lot of companies are doing this - rushing to put out a blu-ray versions with no effort to make good transfers. I'd rather they hadn't issued a Stargate blu-ray at all. I suppose they know I'll buy it again and again, like a lab rat getting repeatedly zapped at an electrified food dispenser.    Also, I didn't see any extras on the blu-ray at all, just the commentary, which was on the dvd.
B001DTPZNY|1.0|Indiana Jones I,II & III, what can I say but classics true to form.    But for Indiana IV The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, a mere imitation of the originals, all talk but poor action, the premise left me disappointed and the ending was weak, not at all what a true admirer of the Indiana Jones sagas expected.    I won't give it away, except to say that of all the adventures the story could have taken Indy too-WHY THAT ONE? It was too big a leap and too thin a story line.    Sorry but this is one I WON'T be adding to my collection.
B0002HZLWI|5.0|Thanks to other reviewers who helped me choose this excellent set of blocks!    HABA makes high quality blocks which are pleasing to the eye and satin-smooth.  The wood is strong and resists dents/dings.  Each shape is designed to fit with the others to make attractive structures.    The shapes included in the Extra Large Starter Set are interesting enough to encourage children to play and build for hours.  My husband and I cannot resist helping!    HABA blocks are well worth the price.  I plan to purchase more HABA block sets to expand our construction horizons.  What a great memory-making toy!
B001FSDOZO|5.0|First of all, this cd does not fall in the \\"pop\\" genre.  It is pure head banging, edgy, rock and roll.  \\"Dark Horse\\" is yet another flawless album released by Nickelback.  This is their best album to date, even though \\"All The Right Reasons\\" comes in a close second.  With the exceptions of \\"Gotta Be Somebody\\", \\"Never Gonna Be Alone\\" and \\"I'd Come For You\\"; which are all beautiful ballads, everything else is pure hard rock.  \\"Dark Horse\\" has a simple formula: Sex (\\"Something In Your Mouth\\", \\"Next Go Round\\", \\"Shakin' Hands\\", \\"S.E.X\\"), Drugs (\\"Just To Get High\\") and Rock n'Roll (\\"Burn It To The Ground\\", \\"If Today Was Your Last Day\\", \\"This Afternoon\\").  This album is exceptional and it caters to both new and old Nickelback fans.  I recommend this cd; every song is a perfect ten.
B00132D808|3.0|Someone must have told Brandon Urie that his awful, constant, and way-over-the-top vibrato sounded good, and he took it to heart.  Thankfully, that vibrato is (slightly) less prominent on this album than on their previous one.      The album is fine, and it's better than a awful lot of the junk out there, but the fact that reviewers are fawning over it makes me sad about the state of the music industry.  Perhaps these reviewers need to hear more really GOOD music.    I saw these guys at a festival, and I was very impressed by their energy. I was also very happy to see a fairly popular young band doing a nice job playing real instruments and not screaming about how awful their lives were. Unfortunately, I was kinda bummed when I got the actual album.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|This Movie was awesome I really enjoyed watching this Movie on my Television The Joker was really funny in this one he was more Dangerous than he was in the first Batman movie with Michael Keaton Seriously this one was better than Batman Begins and it was way better than the other Batman movies Christopher Nolan did an excellent Job Directing this Movie and the action was really good there was a lot of action in this Movie and Heath Ledger did an awesome Job as the Joker I absolutely liked his performance as The Joker in this Movie.
B000AMJDHY|3.0|Brendon Urie's voice is incredibly annoying. Apparently someone told him that his awful, constant, and way-over-the-top vibrato sounded good, and he took it to heart.  The album would be half-decent if it weren't for that.  It would be more than half-decent if it weren't for his voice AND some of the more juvenile lyrics.    I saw these guys at a festival, and I was very impressed by their energy.  I was also very happy to see a fairly popular young band doing a nice job playing real instruments and not screaming about how awful their lives were.  Unforunately, I was kinda bummed when I got the actual album.
B000YAA68C|3.0|I don't even know how to tackle THIS movie.       It was like part comedy, romance, and drama all rolled into one.    In the beginning a woman and her boyfriend argue over and over again, to the point where you think they're going to split up and go their separate ways.  The arguing wouldn't STOP!!    Then, once the guy leaves the apartment room, he comes back in with a look of forgiveness on his face, and the woman comes running up to him and hugging him, and everything is all right again.    So the first 10 minutes of film were nothing but typical relationship arguing, and then things go back to normal.    NOW the weirdness comes in.    The boyfriend supposedly dies, but for some reason, nobody was upset about that.  None of the friends, or even the girlfriend herself, were nearly as upset as you'd expect.      It was at THIS point I was wondering if maybe I was watching a comedy and all that arguing in the beginning was just something not related to the main story in the least bit.  At the funeral they played a song for the boyfriend, and it had disturbing lyrics and everyone was singing along to the words, and even laughing while doing so.  I was VERY confused.    Then one of the friends of the girlfriend kept running up to random men and asking them a few short questions, and if she didn't like the answer, she'd walk away from the men disappointed.  This was a good part, though why hit on someone after her friends boyfriend just died?  Talk about ignorant.    Then, it gets even MORE bizarre.  Apparently the boyfriend wrote a series of letters to her girlfriend before he died.  Every couple of days (or weeks) a new letter would appear to the girlfriend, and I guess the letters were written as a way for the girlfriend to cope with his death, because the letters would lead the woman to a new (many times daring) adventure, such as going to Ireland and meeting another guy.    I just didn't understand who kept sending the letters to the girlfriend if the boyfriend was dead.  He obviously knew he was going to die and knew what would be best for his girlfriend as far as happiness and moving on is concerned.  So who was sending the letters?      Also, the character who played the mom was good because she was very serious all the time, and knew all the right answers.
031606792X|1.0|Ok, so i admit it. I was suckered in. I absolutely LOVED Twilight. I couldn't put it down (once I got through the first 2 or so chapters. UGH. So boring.) By the time I finished Twilight, I just HAD to have New Moon. While I really liked it, I noticed it lacked a certain something that the first book had. Of course, I was still excited to read Eclipse. And once I did, I noticed that it, too, was not as good as the book before it. So I waited on buying Breaking Dawn. I waited because I wanted to read some reviews, to see if maybe all was redeemed in the last book. Holy cow was I wrong. At first I read all the \\"OMG this book is amazing!!\\" reviews, so I thought COOL!! I'll buy it. So I ordered it, and while waiting for it to arrive, began to see the \\"OMG this book is HORRIBLE. Every part of it sux. Don't read it\\" reviews. I started to get very nervous, seeing as I just ordered this book. I held out hope that MAYBE, just maybe, it would be good. Maybe it would hold some hint of goodness that would prove the nay-sayers wrong. *sigh* Boy was I delusional.     This book really feels like SMeyer told someone else to write it. She had another book come out at the same time, so I have to wonder if maybe there was some agreement made with another author to pen a majority of the book while she concentrated on the other one, and she would make her own contributions when she could in between writing the other book. I say this because there are hints here and there of the writing and tone of the other books, but a majority of the book just feels so wrong, so different, so ALIEN from the other books that it just feels like she didnt write it. I feel she was under obligation to get this book out quickly and this was the best way she could think of to do it. And HOW could the editors let this book be printed? Did they even proof read it at all?? I mean, there are so many errors in it that it seems like they just sent the finished manuscript to the printer without reading it first. Maybe because it was so blasted long!!! And filled with mostly filler.     So much of this book wasn't even relevent!!! You could have cut 300 or more pages out of it and still would have taken hours to read. She really missed the boat on so many areas. I mean, HOW could she break her own rules??? It makes NO SENSE that Edward could impregnate Bella. And then, after a horrible and gruesome and disgusting birth scene that actually made me physically ill, we don't even get the payoff of Edward biting Bella to turn her???? WTF is that???? But then I thought \\"oh, the newborn vampire dilema will be really good. How will that all go down??\\" I was excited to read it. And what did I get?? A big fat nothing. She sailed right through the whole thing!!! No struggle or pain!!! HUH???? And everything with Jacob and Renesmee was just creepy.     I'm all for happy endings. I LOVE it when in the end things work out. But it's the fight and sacrifice that make the payoff worth it. There was absolutely no satisfaction in the way this book ended. I mean, where's the epic battle?? Where's the pain and fight and sacrifice? Where's the DRAMA??? Where's the part where we all invest in the charactors and get the payoff?? Its not here. This book was a huge let down, in every sense of the word. This was a waste of time and money. I hope SMeyer reads these comments and does SOMETHING to fix the MASSIVE mistakes she made. She COMPLETELY ruined this series. Remember the Rocky movies from the 80's? First 4 were awesome. The 5th was so horrible, and so different from the first 4 that they actually said that they were making the 6th to \\"replace\\" the 5th, as if it's never been made. They were completely pretending it never happened. Maybe SMeyer will do the same. Write a new book that will negate this one, so that we can all pretend this one never happened, and we can get the ending we all want and deserve. Here's hoping......
B0001LJC2K|4.0|I'm really shocked right now- Muse is a GREAT band!  You probably don't think much of what I just said, but considering most bands nowadays can't write enjoyable vocal melodies, this is really incredible to me.  This is a mighty fine album.  Okay, so these guys are sort of ripping off Radiohead and U2 a little bit as far as similar-sounding lead singers go, but we can't ALL be perfect.    Besides that, I have nothing but good things to say about it.  I highly recommend a purchase.  Absolution is a masterpiece!
0743277465|5.0|Put away any pre-conceived notions if you think you know anything about Josh Waitzkin.<br /><br />This book is truly from within; gives the reader a refreshing look into the mind of a master of learning. There are tidbits about teachers and styles of teaching that really caught my attention. But more so, there were details about students who have the ability to- but don't- take advantage of the fantastic teachers we have in our lives.<br /><br />When the author begins speaking about Push Hands, he speaks to a kind of discipline very few of us have, but should strive for. In a world filled with references to ADD, we can take Josh's life experiences and acknowledge that although he may be an anomaly of sorts, each of us can do more to recognize subtle learning opportunities and seize them without breaking concentration.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|What a great video.  Fun, the songs are catchy and will be with you for days!
0316017922|4.0|What an interesting angle on where success comes from. Some of it covers how culture and being at the right place effects success. But it also shows how hard work pays off. Just goes to show it isn't as easy as it appears.<br />I would have liked to see a little more on the differences in American culture and what are advantages and disadvantages are.<br />While it's obvious a lot of research went into the book, this is an accessible, light read. I would like to have seen more meat in the book.
1595141979|5.0|I loved reading this book. I pretty much couldn't put it. When I noticed that I was more than halfway through, I wasn't too happy. I didn't want the book to end, but when it did I was left craving the next book.
0316017922|5.0|For me, reading Gladwell's latest book was truly an example of Yogi Berra's famous quote, \\"It was deja vu all over again.\\" Thirty years ago as a young psychology master's and then doctoral student, I used to (tactfully) argue with my professors that wealth, social standing and its attendant advantages, and just random good luck--were more important factors for success in life than the much vaunted influence of I.Q.--or even social intelligence itself, as Daniel Goleman argued many years later in his now famous and important book.<br /><br />I pointed out that talent and genius often go unrewarded, and that a mediocre man who gets the right breaks, or simply persists and refuses to give up, can succeed where the more talented but less sedulous would give up and fail. Studies such as the famous one by Getzels and Jackson on creativity, which found that students who scored high on creativity with I.Q.s averaging 120 did as well in school as less creative students with average I.Q.s of 140, demonstrated that indeed I.Q. isn't everything.<br /><br />I also argued, correctly, I believe, that even even minor negative events and bad luck in one's life tend to compound and magnify their effects more than positive events do. Why this is so I don't know, but once the positive momentum in an individual's life was lost, time and time again I saw them enter a downward spiral that was very difficult to reverse and recover from--regardless of the reasons for it--whether financial or career-related, health-related, relationship-related, or whatever.<br /><br />And in my own experience, I saw people who I regarded as far more talented than I languish in obscurity, while on the other hand I saw those I thought less talented than I prosper, mostly for reasons that had more to do with random chance, or perhaps just being in the right place at the right time, than any objective qualifications or abilities.<br /><br />So for me, this book was simply a long awaited confirmation of ideas and theories I'd had many years ago (and had long since abandoned and gone on to other things, since I realized my approach to psychology probably wasn't going to get me anywhere, so I became an engineer instead. :-)<br /><br />I had also maintained that once one reaches an I.Q. of 120, social intelligence is more important to success in life than pure I.Q. Unless one wants to become a theoretical physicist or something, an I.Q. of 120 is enough to do anything in life, and further I.Q. points aren't so important as other qualities. As I mentioned, the Getzels and Jackson study supported this idea. In that sense, I do agree with Goleman that social intelligence is extremely important. And in the last 30 years, the evidence from neuorobiology has underscored the baleful importance of the limbic system, that truly nefarious part of our brain which underlies and controls our most powerful emotions, drives, and motivations, both good and evil. More than any other part of the brain, the limbic system is responsible for humans too often living down to their lowest and most primitive impulses and instincts instead of their higher natures and abilities.<br /><br />If we look at the sad state of our society, and of the world in general, it is the unchecked power of the limbic system that has landed the world in its present sorry and precarious state. It is why we as humans fail to preserve what is good, to fight evil, to protect the weak and the sick, to promote a fair and just society, or even to get along with those whose ideas merely differ from ours.<br /><br />As a unified theory of success, though, I doubt Gladwell's ideas will attract many supporters. For one thing, psychology has a vested interest in maintaining that a human's greater behavioral plasticity and ability to learn compared to other animals has always been the key to our success both as individuals and as a species. After all, psychologists would basically be out of jobs if if could be proven that lady luckor social circumstances matter more than other personality factors. If that were true, it would be better to focus academic research on social engineering ideas for creating a happier and better society, along with the economic and political capital to implement those ideas, rather than on the classical psychology of the individual itself, which is the current paradigm in psychology.<br /><br />So for me Gladwell's book was more than a bit of an epiphany. Overall, it's a well written, well-documented, and fascinating book, in which Gladwell, with his usual concise and clear style, presents the evidence for a different theory of success in life which runs contrary to the whole western approach in psychology for almost the last 100 years.ty factors. If that were true, it would be better to focus academic research on social engineering ideas for creating a happier and better society, along with the economic and political capital to implement those ideas, rather than on the classical psychology of the individual itself, which is the current paradigm in psychology.    So for me Gladwell's book was more than a bit of an epiphany. Overall, it's a well written, well-documented, and fascinating book, in which Gladwell, with his usual concise and clear style, presents the evidence for a different theory of success in life which runs contrary to the whole western approach in psychology for almost the last 100 years.
B00005R62K|4.0|True Metal Classic,In Terms of being a bent musical Journey by a man who is still cleary in the closet.From the Lords Prayer depiction of white heat red Hot, To The overt Homosexual endo of Stained class,\\"wild eyed and tight fisted-I'm fused to the bone, I stand conteplating alone,Impaled with betral\\" Transfixed at deliverence is this all there is?  Fierce is my conviction absolute my belief. Man get the The shrink into examine that Retric, Then \\"the fire Burns Below\\" a true Homo Love song, Kids read the lyrics to that Gay love Poem. But this being said I loved Queen and thought freddy was just a great front man! The reason I now in my late 30's are digging Priest is above all there killer riffs, And the Tounge in Cheek gay overtones that have bluffed a generation.
0743270754|5.0|If you have time to read only one book in all of 2009, make that book Doris Kearns Goodwin's masterly biography of Abraham Lincoln and his Cabinet, TEAM OF RIVALS.  This book is simultaneously one of the best books about President Lincoln and one of the best books about the Civil War.  One can even disagree with Goodwin's main thesis and yet applaud her portrayal of a President and Cabinet at work and sometimes at odds in the midst of a fateful national crisis.<br /><br />As prologue, Goodwin recounts the early lives, education, marriages and ambitions of not only Lincoln but of William Seward, Salmon Chase amd Edward Bates, all of whom were more likely nominees than Lincoln.  By doing so, she shows a portrait not only of Lincoln but of his times.  With telling detail and well-told anecdote, she paints, not just a solitary canvas but an entire gallery that is wide in scope.  Each portrait is in depth and the effect of her artistry is that the reader is given a new perspective.  I finished this history with a renewed appreciation for Lincoln's Secretary of State William Seward who survived an assassination attempt on the night Lincoln was murdered to purchase \\"Seward's Folly\\"--now the great state of Alaska.  The reader is struck by the logistical accomplishment of Secretary of War Edwin Stanton in moving 23,000 men from the Army of the Potomac to the \\"western front\\" at Chattanooga--done in seven days by use of the \\"new technology\\" of the train. Chase's talent in raising money to finance the war is balanced by his ingenuous and continual intrigues...by having these men serve him as his principle ministers, Lincoln was truly following the adage to \\"Keep one's friends close and one's enemies closer.\\"<br /><br />Goodwin argues that by appointing his political rivals to his Cabinet, Lincoln showed his political genius.  However, a careful reading of her book will find as much support for a thesis that Lincoln's political genius lay in his ability to stay in touch with the mainstream of opinion and to put things in terms that would engage the support of the common man.  Lincoln took office as a minority President--by enlisting his political rivals to work for him, Lincoln broadened the support for his administration and matched the most able men of the day with the most daunting tasks to hand.  He also had to deal with intrigues, personnel clashes and bitter feuds.  His first Secretary of War was incompetent--many of his generals inactive, timid or useless.  Lincoln was greatly vilified in the popular press.  And yet he prevailed over all to become one of America's most revered and beloved figures.<br /><br />Goodwin's history is to be cherished because she describes with clarity the events of 1860-1865, showing the interweaving of the personal with the political.  This is a fine history and makes for absorbing reading.  I could hardly put it down and resented any interruption to my reading until I had finished with it.  I heartily recommend this to Lincoln fans, Civil War buffs and lifelong students of American history.  There are hints here about managing people that business leaders will delight in.  Finally, to any who are concerned about troubled times, this book will give solace and comfort.  We the people have weathered greater storms than those of the present day. Our joint past is always prologue to the future.pinion and to put things in terms that would engage the support of the common man.  Lincoln took office as a minority President--by enlisting his political rivals to work for him, Lincoln broadened the support for his administration and matched the most able men of the day with the most daunting tasks to hand.  He also had to deal with intrigues, personnel clashes and bitter feuds.  His first Secretary of War was incompetent--many of his generals inactive, timid or useless.  Lincoln was greatly vilified in the popular press.  And yet he prevailed over all to become one of America's most revered and beloved figures.    Goodwin's history is to be cherished because she describes with clarity the events of 1860-1865, showing the interweaving of the personal with the political.  This is a fine history and makes for absorbing reading.  I could hardly put it down and resented any interruption to my reading until I had finished with it.  I heartily recommend this to Lincoln fans, Civil War buffs and lifelong students of American history.  There are hints here about managing people that business leaders will delight in.  Finally, to any who are concerned about troubled times, this book will give solace and comfort.  We the people have weathered greater storms than those of the present day. Our joint past is always prologue to the future.
0061146307|4.0|I've been reading gothic lit since I was 14; had this book existed when I was 9 years old, my love of the genre would have started even younger.  A Series of Unfortunate Events introduces a slightly younger crowd to the sinister indulgences of goth with a humorous angle.  There are no happy endings, but there are funny parts.  As I read it, trying to call up my pre-teen mental space, what I could relate to most is the complete lack of respect the Baudelaire orphans get from the inept and cruel adults around them: they are clearly smarter, yet are constantly deflated and rendered helpless by the ineptitude of grown-ups.   Lemony Snicket has a very distinct and writing style. From faux-pedanticism to clever turns of phrases to embedded history of gothic authors and patterns, his writing is solid and engaging.  To an adult, I admit it gets a bit repetitive, but this series isn't for adults - my son has not tired of it.  And he hasn't tired of the darkness, or the sadness, either.  Instead he's learning about compassion for other people's suffering without being overwhelmed by unforgiving real-life tragedies.  Hmm... maybe that's what drew me to gothic lit when I was a kid, and why I felt compelled to introduce my son to it at a fairly young age.  Why wait for real-life to give you punch in the stomach to start exploring the darker side of humanity?
B0006FO8RA|5.0|Whereas many artists now put out Greatest Hits albums that are full of songs that are really nothing more than a collection of songs that were released to radio.  In Britney Spears case, nothing is further than the truth. All of these songs are great listens.  Most were very hot on the radio and on the music video stations.      This collection encompasses everything.  From the breakout song \\"Baby One More Time\\" to the more recent hits of \\"Toxic\\" and \\"Outrageous.\\"  If you have been a casual Britney fan for years, then this collection will contain all of the hit songs you know and love up from her first four albums.
B000ZOXDFA|5.0|This movie has become one of my favorites since I have first seen it, which was not right away after it's release. But anyone who is interested in that era, the sixteenth century will appreciate this movie, just like we appreciate the books. Of course you will not have precise accuracy chronologically as far as history goes, and it should not be expected... that is why this is a movie and not a documentary. Anyone who criticizes the accuracy should be watching/reading cold, hard data and facts for accuracy and not be interested in any artistic beauty, which this movie is all about... beauty....a beautiful movie.
B0002KVUKM|5.0|Writer & director Stephen Sommers reinvents the nemesis of \\"Dracula\\" in \\"Van Helsing\\" starring Hugh Jackman and Kate Beckinsale. Sommers brings the same larger-than-life swashbuckling bravado to \\"Van Helsing\\" that he brought to his macabre but campy reboot of \\"The Mummy\\" (1932) in the blockbuster Brendan Fraser flicks \\"The Mummy\\" (1999) and \\"The Mummy Returns\\" (2001). Even more outrageously preposterous but thoroughly entertaining than Sommers' adrenalin-driven \\"Mummy\\" remakes, \\"Van Helsing\\" alters more than Dracula's archenemy. Sommers performs makeovers on the Frankenstein monster and Dracula's brides, too. Now, the Frankenstein monster fights for the good guys, while the airborne vampire brides swoop down like harpies on their victims and haul them away in their talons. Even Dracula himself undergoes changes. Stakes through the heart, garlic, crucifixes, holy water and sunlight have no effect. However, nothing is as radical as the transformation of Van Helsing. In the original 1931 \\"Dracula,\\" Professor Abraham Van Helsing was a much older man with close-cropped hair and thick glasses who practiced medicine. In other words, 60-year old vampire slayer Edward Van Sloan looked nothing like buffed up \\"X-Men\\" star Hugh Jackman. Neither does Jackman resemble the venerable Peter Cushing, who portrayed Van Helsing as an older but more energetic professor type during the 1950s-60s in five Hammer \\"Dracula\\" movies. An unkempt Anthony Hopkins hammed up the role in \\"Bram Stoker's Dracula\\" (1992). The closest anybody has come to Hugh Jackson's Gabriel Van Helsing is Christopher Plummer in \\"Dracula 2000.\\" Nonetheless, even Plummer played Van Helsing as an older man armed with a deadly cross-bow. Not only does Jackman arm himself with a gas-operated, semi-automatic cross-bow, but also he totes two six-guns and a hand-held, kung-fu flying guillotine. For martial arts illiterates, a hand-held, kung-fu flying guillotine looks like a Frisbee with jagged metal edges. Young, virile, and fast on the draw, Jackman's Van Helsing dresses like an Italian western gunslinger with a black, floor-length coat and a broad-brimmed hat. His uncanny resemblance to Clint Eastwood enhances that impression.<br /><br />\\"Van Helsing\\" hits you with back-to-back prologues that identify the chief characters. An enraged Transylvanian mob storms Dracula's castle in the late 1880s. Evidently, Dracula (Richard Roxburgh of \\"The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen\\") has given Dr. Victor Frankenstein (Samuel West of \\"Notting Hill\\") refuge in his castle, so the scientist can complete his experiments with reanimating dead tissue. Of course, Dracula isn't generous for nothing. He has a stake in giving life to the dead offspring of him and his brides. Thousands of icky-looking embryos that dangle lifelessly from the ceiling like wasp nests clutter up Dracula's castle. Meanwhile, the Vatican dispatches Van Helsing as their troubleshooter to destroy monsters. In his opening prologue, Van Helsing appears in Paris with the Eiffel Tower under construction and battles the only non-Universal Studios monster, the Mr. Hyde (Robbie Coltrane's voice), half of Dr. Jekyll. Afterward, our stalwart hero rides back on horse to the Vatican for new orders. Director John Carpenter first linked the Vatican with destroying vampires in his own movie \\"Vampires\\" (1998) with James Woods as a cross-bow wielding vampire killer. Although he wears old west duds, Van Helsing acts more like James Bond. At the Vatican, the equivalent of 007's Q in the guise of Friar Carl (scene-stealing David Wenham, Faramir in \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" trilogy) devises a variety of gadgets for Van Helsing. Cardinal Jinette (Alun Armstrong of \\"Patriot Games\\") dispatches Van Helsing to save the last two members of a vampire slaying clan. They are gypsy princess Anna Valerious (Kate Beckinsale of \\"Pearl Harbor\\") and her brother Veklan (Will Kemp of \\"Mindhunters\\")who gets bitten by a werewolf early on in the action. Unfortunately, Veklan falls under Dracula's power and becomes his werewolf slave. Initially, neither Van Helsing nor Anna likes each other, but they join forces reluctantly to put Dracula on ice. In the middle of all this mayhem, we find the Frankenstein monster (Shuler Hensley of \\"Someone Like You\\") serving as the key to Dracula's efforts to give his dead offspring life.<br /><br />Sommers pulls out all stops in this slam-bang, high-octane, over-the-top, roller-coaster of an adventure that has vampires and werewolves battling each other. Twists follow turns in the contrived but imaginative plot, and surprises alternate with shocks. Although he has revamped those classic horror characters, Sommers' \\"Van Helsing\\" consists more of atmospheric, computer-generated locales and harrowing jolts that occur when monsters appear suddenly behind characters for maximum shock effect. No, anybody over age 12 shouldn't suffer nightmares from this formulaic action epic, because \\"Van Helsing\\" is basically a horror comedy. Imagine a monster mash cross-between of \\"The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen\\" and \\"The Fearless Vampire Killers, or Pardon Me But Your Teeth Are In My Neck\\" (1967), and you'll know what to expect of \\"Van Helsing.\\" Nothing about \\"Van Helsing\\" is remotely credible, but the breathlessly paced story throws so many curves that you cannot predict what is going to happen from one set-piece to the next. When Hugh Jackman isn't performing testosterone-fueled stunts, Kate Beckinsale indulges in her own estrogen-based acrobatics that make her werewolf slayer in \\"Underworld\\" seem tame by comparison. Neither character has enough time to romance the other, because they find themselves constantly jumping through metaphorical flaming hoops in an unceasing battle with evil. If \\"Van Helsing\\" has a flaw, it is casting Richard Roxburgh as Dracula. He looks like Dudley Moore and he lacks menace. You have to wonder why Universal couldn't have attracted a bigger star to off-set the combined star power of Beckinsale and Jackman. Ultimately, while \\"Van Helsing\\" is never boring, the changes in these legendary horror characters probably won't bother younger audiences as much as older ones weaned on inflexible rules governing the behavior of vampires and werewolves. You'll get your money's worth out of \\"Van Helsing.\\"ls under Dracula's power and becomes his werewolf slave. Initially, neither Van Helsing nor Anna likes each other, but they join forces reluctantly to put Dracula on ice. In the middle of all this mayhem, we find the Frankenstein monster (Shuler Hensley of \\"Someone Like You\\") serving as the key to Dracula's efforts to give his dead offspring life.    Sommers pulls out all stops in this slam-bang, high-octane, over-the-top, roller-coaster of an adventure that has vampires and werewolves battling each other. Twists follow turns in the contrived but imaginative plot, and surprises alternate with shocks. Although he has revamped those classic horror characters, Sommers' \\"Van Helsing\\" consists more of atmospheric, computer-generated locales and harrowing jolts that occur when monsters appear suddenly behind characters for maximum shock effect. No, anybody over age 12 shouldn't suffer nightmares from this formulaic action epic, because \\"Van Helsing\\" is basically a horror comedy. Imagine a monster mash cross-between of \\"The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen\\" and \\"The Fearless Vampire Killers, or Pardon Me But Your Teeth Are In My Neck\\" (1967), and you'll know what to expect of \\"Van Helsing.\\" Nothing about \\"Van Helsing\\" is remotely credible, but the breathlessly paced story throws so many curves that you cannot predict what is going to happen from one set-piece to the next. When Hugh Jackman isn't performing testosterone-fueled stunts, Kate Beckinsale indulges in her own estrogen-based acrobatics that make her werewolf slayer in \\"Underworld\\" seem tame by comparison. Neither character has enough time to romance the other, because they find themselves constantly jumping through metaphorical flaming hoops in an unceasing battle with evil. If \\"Van Helsing\\" has a flaw, it is casting Richard Roxburgh as Dracula. He looks like Dudley Moore and he lacks menace. You have to wonder why Universal couldn't have attracted a bigger star to off-set the combined star power of Beckinsale and Jackman. Ultimately, while \\"Van Helsing\\" is never boring, the changes in these legendary horror characters probably won't bother younger audiences as much as older ones weaned on inflexible rules governing the behavior of vampires and werewolves. You'll get your money's worth out of \\"Van Helsing.\\"
0307341550|5.0|This book is amazing. I read it when i was only 16 and I can honestly say the book found me. After reading sharp objects, i became hungry for more thrillers and mysteries. I strongly recommend it. Ive lend it to all my classmates and they've loved it too.
B0013FDM7E|1.0|Hollywood has never had much luck adapting science fiction author Richard Matheson's cult 1954 novel \\"I Am Legend\\" successfully to the screen. Iconic horror movie star Vincent Price headlined the first version; the Italian-lensed \\"The Last Man on Earth\\" (1964) ranked as an austere, but depressing widescreen, black & white epic with vampire/zombies as his antagonists. Call them zompires! Price impersonated a valiant scientist, Robert Morgan, with an acquired immunity to a deadly virus that had devastated mankind. Morgan struggled desperately not only to survive acute loneliness but also to cure the survivors. Full-frame copies of this opus are available everywhere in DVD bargain box sets. Not-surprisingly, Price perished in the end.<br /><br />Charlton Heston retooled the role in the 1971 remake, \\"The Omega Man,\\" released by Warner Brothers. Heston turned immunologist Robert Neville into a brawny, bare-chested, romantic, action stud hero who cavorted in a blue flight suit with a dress uniform cap complete with scrambled eggs on the visor. Watch \\"The Omega Man\\" and see if Neville doesn't resemble a Marvel Comics character. Naturally, Heston brought the messianic allure that he had gained from \\"The 10 Commandments\\" and \\"Ben-Hur\\" to the role. Along the way, Heston's Neville indulged in one of the first interracial big-screen romances with African-American actress Rosalind Cash. An army of heavily robed, non-vampiric mutants led by Matthias (Anthony Zerbe) triumphed over him, and he died tragically as a misunderstood Christ figure.<br /><br />Will Smith fares even worse in the third and least well-done version, \\"I Am Legend\\" which finally uses the original title of Matheson's novel. Essentially, Smith imitates the Heston hero as a weapons reliant action hero/virologist. They differ in how they contend with loneliness. Heston played chess with a bust of Julius Caesar and fed images of himself via a surveillance camera onto a big-screen television. Smith's Neville dresses up mannequins at a local video rental store and converses with them when he selects a movie. Unlike both Price and Heston, Smith doesn't enjoy a post-apocalyptic romance. Instead of female companionship, Smith has to settle for a German shepherd; canine lovers are warned ahead of time to expect the worst. Even when a woman, Anna (Alice Braga of \\"City of God\\"), does show up near the end, our hero doesn't take the time to sweep her off her feet.<br /><br />Generally, the problem with all three movies is that the star has to bear the movie on his shoulders for the brunt of the action. Remember that hideous Tom Hanks' movie \\"Castaway?\\" Half of \\"I Am Legend\\" looks like \\"Castaway\\" with Will Smith performing monologues devoid of humor. Sadly, despite a strong performance, Smith has to deal with adversaries that neither Price nor Heston contended with--namely, colorless, chrome-domed, computer-generated cannibals. \\"I Am Legend\\" forfeits any semblance of dramatic impact, much as \\"I, Robot\\" did, with its cartoon-like CGI villains. Smith wages an eternal war against video game antagonists who cannot speak, making them dim-witted, lowest-common-denominator dolts.<br /><br />\\"I Am Legend\\" opens on an ironic note. Scientists have discovered a cure for cancer. Things go incredibly amiss, however, and Dr. Krippen (an unbilled Emma Thompson of \\"Sense and Sensibility\\") winds up unleashing a man-made virus in the year 2009 that transforms humanity into homicidal mutants that plunder and destroy everything in sight. Incidentally, these mutants don't appear until midway in the movie after scenarists Mark Protosevich of \\"Poseidon\\" and Akiva Goldman of \\"Batman & Robin\\" have established Smith's character and his predicament. The filmmakers rely on occasional flashbacks to fracture that storyline and show how Smith became the last man on Earth. We learn that his wife (Salli Richardson of TV's \\"Eureka\\") and daughter (Smith's real-life daughter Willow) died in a helicopter collision around the same time that the military quarantined Manhattan Island and sealed off access to it. The military destroy the two landmark Big Apple bridges, but Neville (Will Smith) vows to remain at ground zero and devise a cure.<br /><br />Three years later, in 2012, Neville and his dog venture outside by day to search for non-infected survivors as well as to forage for food and lock themselves up at night. In an early scene, Neville hunts for fresh meat by pursuing escaped zoo animals through the cluttered, weed-choked canyons of Manhattan in a red Ford Mustang with a high powered rifle. He watches old television shows that he has recorded before the apocalypse while he eats. The mutants themselves are not very interesting. In \\"Last Man on Earth,\\" the mutants were vampire/zombies that besieged the hero's house at night. In \\"The Omega Man,\\" the villains were the equivalent of albino Klansmen that terrorized the streets after dark and clashed constantly with Neville.<br /><br />Like the previous versions, \\"I Am Legend\\" delivers a dour, downbeat ending that will bum you out beyond belief. The special effects are shoddy and superficial; the villains emerge as a mob of one-dimensional, head-banging morons, and the hero degenerates into an ignoble, unsympathetic, atheistic lout. There is nothing exciting or suspenseful about our hero's late-night encounter with the mutants on the docks where he uses his SUV as a weapon to smash them. Even more implausible is the way that he gets out of this cliffhanger confrontation. \\"Constantine\\" director Francis Lawrence provides several startling, gotcha-by-the-gullet, scare scenes that will frighten the squeamish, but seasoned gorehounds won't find anything different or dazzling about this drivel.<br /><br />Will Smith's track record with science fiction is faltering badly these days. \\"I Am Legend\\" is nowhere near as memorable or entertaining as either \\"Independence Day\\" or his \\"Men in Black\\" movies. Instead, \\"I Am Legend\\" is legendarily lame!arantined Manhattan Island and sealed off access to it. The military destroy the two landmark Big Apple bridges, but Neville (Will Smith) vows to remain at ground zero and devise a cure.    Three years later, in 2012, Neville and his dog venture outside by day to search for non-infected survivors as well as to forage for food and lock themselves up at night. In an early scene, Neville hunts for fresh meat by pursuing escaped zoo animals through the cluttered, weed-choked canyons of Manhattan in a red Ford Mustang with a high powered rifle. He watches old television shows that he has recorded before the apocalypse while he eats. The mutants themselves are not very interesting. In \\"Last Man on Earth,\\" the mutants were vampire/zombies that besieged the hero's house at night. In \\"The Omega Man,\\" the villains were the equivalent of albino Klansmen that terrorized the streets after dark and clashed constantly with Neville.    Like the previous versions, \\"I Am Legend\\" delivers a dour, downbeat ending that will bum you out beyond belief. The special effects are shoddy and superficial; the villains emerge as a mob of one-dimensional, head-banging morons, and the hero degenerates into an ignoble, unsympathetic, atheistic lout. There is nothing exciting or suspenseful about our hero's late-night encounter with the mutants on the docks where he uses his SUV as a weapon to smash them. Even more implausible is the way that he gets out of this cliffhanger confrontation. \\"Constantine\\" director Francis Lawrence provides several startling, gotcha-by-the-gullet, scare scenes that will frighten the squeamish, but seasoned gorehounds won't find anything different or dazzling about this drivel.    Will Smith's track record with science fiction is faltering badly these days. \\"I Am Legend\\" is nowhere near as memorable or entertaining as either \\"Independence Day\\" or his \\"Men in Black\\" movies. Instead, \\"I Am Legend\\" is legendarily lame!
0671027344|5.0|i read it on my sophomore year in high school and became attached to it. Perfect coming of age story to open your eyes about life...and the reality of it.
0307455874|5.0|I propose this book replaces whatever current textbook is used in the junior year of High School for the \\"Government\\" class.  Maybe someday this book will change the title of that class objective to \\"Political Leadership\\".<br /><br />With Mr. Obama soon to be our Prez Obama, I'm glad he took the time and effort to write this book when he did.  The historical references and names included will be a great stepping stone for students.  As a writer, I'm enthralled with the style and voice of this book.  It plows through, with a unique tone, history and current events.  Dry and dusty facts come to life, current events have an impetuous flare!<br /><br />Fascinating reading, strong writing, a likeable hero, in the moment, when history has tilted.<br /><br />Great reading and for those that read the credits, a nice peak at the world of publishing...
B001EOQWF8|5.0|Wall-E may just be Pixar's absolute best movie to date, although also by far most subtle. If you go looking for Shrek, or Looney Toones, or other hyper-active cartoons you probably won't get it. No dialogue for much of the first section, vast, bleached out landscapes, no story laid out in the first five minutes. All of what it makes it more difficult at first serves to make it that much better! And repeated viewings only make it more amazing and fun. But don't let anyone make you think it's not absoloutely FUN, and funny, because it's great from start to finish. I took my two-and-a-half year old son to it this last summer in the theater and he LOVED every minute, including the very creatively done end credits. Since then he has loved watching the Blu-ray DVD we got and gets the big messages (take care of the Earth, help each other, work together) and of course loves the sheer visual spectacle. He loves Wall-E and Eve and enjoys all of the funny things the story sets up for them. We also have the excellent sound track which we all enjoy- a great Peter Gabriel track plays in the credits and it's one of his better songs in recent years.<br /><br />I'm not go to give a plot synopsis since Amazon does a good job of that already. As back ground, let me say first that I own all the Pixar movies, including the shorts, and most of the \\"making of\\" books, so you can safely say I am a big fan and educated viewer of their work. I also am a professional animator (not films but technical/educational work), but I love their films from the \\"kid inside\\" first, and the adult second. And that's what makes them so good- to paraphrase John Lasseter- \\"before and after all the sights, sounds and wonder of it all- do you care about the characters?\\" That's what makes them different than any other animation studio. They use very little irony or pop culture references, and often skip using big name actors to push their marketing (Wall-E has almost no big \\"stars\\" to drive it). They make stories of wonder that have characters (whether it's a fish, a one-eyed monster, a race car or a cowboy toy) that you truly love and care about. Wall-e is no different.<br /><br />From the beginning you like this little guy who works tirelessly to clean up a mess his makers left behind, and by the end you love him for wanting more than anything to connect to others and find the love he longs for. Along the way he teaches both humans and other robots that sometimes you need to defy your programming and reach out beyond what is safe to really be alive. As the captain says in an argument with the controlling Auto (Otto) pilot: \\"I don't want to SURVIVE, I want LIVE!\\"<br /><br />Visually, it's a tour de force whether on the Earth section or the space section. The environments, although somewhat fanciful and stylalized, are incredibly detailed and realistic. Every time I watch it more things come out and their is more to see in the story.<br /><br />Personally, I have yet to watch it with anyone who has not liked this movie- grandparents, sitters, my wife, etc. As an adult, more of the larger implications will come through obviously. But the heart of the movie is simple: take care of beauty, reach out to others, what's of value can't be bought, only shared.of wonder that have characters (whether it's a fish, a one-eyed monster, a race car or a cowboy toy) that you truly love and care about. Wall-e is no different.<br /><br />From the beginning you like this little guy who works tirelessly to clean up a mess his makers left behind, and by the end you love him for wanting more than anything to connect to others and find the love he longs for. Along the way he teaches both humans and other robots that sometimes you need to defy your programming and reach out beyond what is safe to really be alive. As the captain says in an argument with the controlling Auto (Otto) pilot: \\"I don't want to SURVIVE, I want LIVE!\\"<br /><br />Visually, it's a tour de force whether on the Earth section or the space section. The environments, although somewhat fanciful and stylalized, are incredibly detailed and realistic. Every time I watch it more things come out and their is more to see in the story.<br /><br />Personally, I have yet to watch it with anyone who has not liked this movie- grandparents, sitters, my wife, etc. As an adult, more of the larger implications will come through obviously. But the heart of the movie is simple: take care of beauty, reach out to others, what's of value can't be bought, only shared.
B001IQMCZQ|5.0|This album is has gems for every track. Her range is so powerful on all of the songs not one of these songs are oversung. This is what you would expect from a \\"Dreamgirl\\" in an album. In some parts, it may remind you of her character, \\"Effie\\" from the motion picture \\"Dreamgirls\\". It is just the attitude on some of the songs that make you do a double take. For instance, on \\"Spotlight,\\" she tells her over-bearing lover, \\"you oughta be ashamed of yourself, what the hell do you think you're doing?\\" or on the album up-tempo, \\"Pocketbook,\\" she says, \\"don't make me hit you with my pocketbook!\\"    But Jennifer knows how to love men, too. On \\"Giving Myself,\\" she sings, \\"I never been who I wanted to be, I never felt completely free, No ones ever had all of me, Or made me feel so beautiful and sexy\\" before finishing off the song with a beautiful falsetto. The REAL highlight is the bumping \\"If this isn't love,\\" which gives her young age clarity as she ponders, \\"If this isn't love, tell me what it is, `Cause I could be dreaming or just plain crazy, If this isn't love, tell me what it is  `Cause I never felt like this baby...\\"        The album highlights include:    1. If this isn't love  2. Giving Myself  3. Invisible  4. My Heart  5. You Pulled Me through    4 1/2 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00005JLCI|1.0|Hamlet is not normally a movie I would even consider looking at,  I just bought it to look at for a school project.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is their Ninth Symphony (if you know what I mean)  Roll over Beethoven!  Marvelous!
0312427999|4.0|Very interesting topic and history.  The author raises some great points about changes being jammed through with fear and shock.  What I don't think she ever challenges is that there are some serious short comings to other systems not just the free market economies.  I also think she was identified problems but may oversimplify by blaming it all on the free traders and not enough on incompotent politicians and academians.  I thought the there were some good topics (History of Argentina and Russia) in the book but she did not tie it completely together for me.  Worth a read but I think she may assign too much blame to free trade and not enough where it may squarely lie.
B00006FR47|1.0|Hello!  Now I understand why this album was never released.  It simply stinks!  Not a single tune worth remembering...  CHICAGO died with Terry Kath.  It's a shame!
0684865130|2.0|I gave up after about 150 pages - I wanted to keep going, I really did, and I've also grown worried that I find so many classics to be rather underwhelming; but I had to stop. I had seen the movie, and loved it, had heard all kinds of references to the book, and every time i opened it before, there were good sentences in it, the kind that drew you in. So I started reading and was fast disappointed - it's just a series of vignettes, of SNL sketches. It's not a real novel, it's an experimental one, of modernist flavor, where the story is not continuous, where, in fact, the author doesn't care too much about the story: he cares about the process, about showing how clever he is, about dialogue that is witty and absurd at the same time. Was this a disease of the times? I seem to remember Monty Python had similar stuff, the stuff that seems just clever and belabored now, not the stuff that has become classic.<br />I have to confess: I like linear narrative. I read a bunch of the other stuff and it just makes me tired. This jumping around, this collage of happenings just doesn't add up to a good story.<br />I heard somewhere that Heller was much influenced by Jaroslav Hasek (who wrote the Brave Soldier Svejk). I read Hasek, and found him to be much funnier than Heller - but then, again, Hasek was telling a story, whereas Heller is primarily displaying his skill with words.
B00000K413|5.0|i love this cd tears for fears at there best so many good tracks. plus you get the long versions well worth the remastered cd my best tracks in no order start of the breakdown . memories fade.watch me bleed suffer the chidren
1416594884|4.0|John le Carre has created in Issa his most enigmatic character yet, which is saying a lot for le Carre. Issa has more in common with Chauncey Gardiner in Being There than any character in any other spy novel you've ever read. He's a cypher in the beginning and remains a cypher until the end, but everyone reacts to him based on their own inner demons, rather than anything Issa ever does or says, and he remains the one innocent character out of the whole lot. And by everyone, I mean exactly that, those who would help and protect him for their own reasons and assupmtions of who Issa is or might be, and the various intelligence services of Germany, Great Britain and the U.S., all with their own individual agendas. Watching the intell groups assess and attempt to exploit Issa, and use and abuse those around him and each other is the real fun here.
B001DU8T6S|4.0|You can't compare this to classic Queen or Paul Rodgers. This is 2 talented forces combining to create 1 enjoyable disc. It has something for the fans of both bands, and also something for anyone who appreciates good adult rock n' roll. From the beginning in your face rock, all the way thru a roller coaster of melodies, this disc is just plain enjoyable. Yes I do want to hear Queen with Freddie again, but we must move on, and this is about as good as it can get without him. It would be an absolute shame if the remaining members of Queen never recorded again in memory of the late freddie, you talk about a waste of talent. The tightest sounding band ever, combined with rocks second greatest voice (freddie was first). DO NOT COMPARE this to their previous works. Just enjoy it for what it is!
0375707972|4.0|I agree with all the praise lavished on this novel. I, too, cannot stop thinking about it. It haunts, it probes, it wounds its readers. There is no recovery, no easy redemption from the questions this novel asks. It is Kafka's ax to the frozen sea within us. Still and all, it feels disturbingly incomplete. As other readers have already asked, why doesn't he visit her in prison? Why can't he break through his own cold impersonality? He doesn't even seem to make the effort, as if it isn't worthwhile. My other, and most important question, is why did Hannah did what she did in the camp and in the burning church? What are her motives? What's in her soul?  A foot-note: I am glad I read the book before I read the reviews because so many of them are spoilers. Why do reviewers feel compelled to summarize the plot? There is no need, really.   S. Spilka
0553381687|5.0|I too must echo many of the concerns I have read regarding \\"A Song of Ice and Fire.\\" I have to come to really love the characters created in this series and share the concern that we may never see this great story completed. I respect the fact that Mr Martin has many interests but come on - it seems that his site hasn't been updated in a long while and he is busy with many others projects, tours, and other things. At this point I don't know if I should continue reading or simply move on to other great works. PLEASE Mr Martin - focus on completing this series - your fan base AND your characters deserve to this yarn completed!
B0000AQS0F|1.0|I rarely write reviews but having seen almost universal RAVE reviews for this product, I bought the entire set and watched it all. All I have to say is MASSIVE LET DOWN    An overblown space melodrama. Westerns in space might be novel but not everything novel is worthwhile. As someone who loved Star Wars, Star Trek, ST TNG, and many classical westerns, I must say this series is a bitterly disappointing mishmash.     Thank God the networks decided to pull the plug
B001GQ2TGA|4.0|Enya's Christmas album is comfort food to her many fans but probably won't win over many new enthusiasts.  For one, it's not a very joyful album.  Many of the songs, while lush and \\"enya-esque,\\" are slow and melancholy.  She's at her best when she treads into traditional territory, as she does with \\"O Come, O Come, Emmanuel\\" and the previously-released \\"Oiche Chiuin\\" (\\"Silent Night\\").  Other tracks, while technically brilliant and stylistically similar to her past efforts, lack the Christmas joy some holiday CD shoppers might expect.<br /><br />Although nothing Enya has done has approached the excellence of WATERMARK released 20 years ago, this album is pleasing to me because I am familiar with her tropes and her style.  I love her work especially as background music while I write.  Guests, however, asked who was singing when I played the CD during dinner recently and were surpised it was a Christmas album.<br /><br />My advice?  Buy if you are an Enya fan or like contemplative, Celtic music.  Reconsider if you like your Christmas tunes peppy.  You'll find no birthday parties at the home of Farmer Gray here...
0385340990|5.0|This was a wonderful surprise.  I am so glad that I bought this book.  I am passing it on to friends and family.  It will also be on my suggestion list for my book club in 2009.
0743454537|3.0|I think I cried every time I picked it up.  There are moments of terrible truth that could only come from the author's experience of her child's illness.  The book's moral dilemma is compelling, and the characters are well developed and relate-able.  Nevertheless, I couldn't escape the nagging feeling of being emotionally manipulated throughout.  The ending, especially, felt cheap and left me with a sour taste.
B000TGCR38|4.0|This film really fleshed out occupied Holland from someone who was there.  It was thrilling and fast paced. The plot was in one place somewhat implausible.  I think the German officer would have told the girl to disappear no matter how much he loved her. But that would spoil a beautiful film.<br /><br />I speak to the director: Why on earth do you use the same stereotypes that eventually killed 6 million Jews to create your Christian characters? Yes, the director's commentary says there really was a girl made to recite scripture before she could eat oatmeal in hiding, but I will bet there was really a hook-nosed selfish Jewish banker in history. You would have to scour the world to find such an idiot Christian. We don't portray a Jewish banker because it is bigotry. Europe already rants about fundamentalists and Christians in blogs. I also found it utterly implausible that a Christian resistance fighter would sit by while the heroine was being beaten to death not shooting until the collaborator swore, even after the other resistance fighter was already incapacitated. Yes, you tell us in your commentary that a Christian resistance fighter did not shoot until a Nazi swore, but you added a women being beaten. A Christian guy would protect her. This once again shows bigotry and stereotyping. Europeans just about want to kill Christians right now if you read their blogs. Jews were blamed for capitulation in WWI, and now Christians are falsely blamed for Iraq. I loved this film for the story though.<br /><br />I disagree in the commentary that we as Americans were terrorists in WWII and Vietnam.  We DID target military sites in WWII and Vietnam, it was not terror.  Auschwitz was terror. But we even were not allowed to target Shell oil refineries in Vietnam.  They broke every bone in our officers' bodies. And after we left South East Asia, 2,000,000 people were killed by Pol Pot and in reeducation camps. Simply a No-Fly Zone to inforce the North Vietnamese adherence to the peace treaty would have saved 2 million allies without a full war.<br /><br />I did not agree with the comparison to Guantanamo in the commentary. These detainees were trying to kill us and prisoners are normally held until the end of the war. About a hundred released prisoners already returned to the battlefield to try and kill us again.peace treaty would have saved 2 million allies without a full war.<br /><br />I did not agree with the comparison to Guantanamo in the commentary. These detainees were trying to kill us and prisoners are normally held until the end of the war. About a hundred released prisoners already returned to the battlefield to try and kill us again.
0440238609|5.0|This is such a great series. One of those where you can't turn the pages fast enough. I understand some people were up about the religious undertones. Well that's hardly the point. It's just a solid series. Not sure what the age bracket is for this series, but small children might be frightened.
B0000084J7|2.0|After Talk Talk collapsed following 1991's amazing [[ASIN:B000001FZK Laughing Stock]], it took frontman Mark Hollis seven years to come up with any more recorded material. During that time the evaluation of Talk Talk changed dramatically from that of a dreadful band (as in the [[ASIN:0679737294 Rolling Stone Album Guide]] to that of musical pioneers with their last two or three albums.<br /><br />Mark Hollis' 1998 solo album has often been seen as a continuation of his work on Talk Talk's masterful final two albums. There are some definite similarities in the orchestral sound and dramatic dynamics. However, whereas [[ASIN:B000001FZK Laughing Stock]] featured some of the most amazingly intense guitar work ever put to record from Hollis both on acoustic and electric, \\"Mark Hollis\\" did away absolutely entirely with electric guitars, and it really loses a great deal from so doing. The tone in most of \\"Mark Hollis\\", with the exception of patches of the second track \\"Watershed\\", is indeed very light. Even when Hollis tries to create genuine dynamics on the next-to-last track \\"The Daily Planet\\", he misfires.<br /><br />These two tracks alone make it apparent that Tim Friese-Greene and drummer Lee Harris played a very important role in making [[ASIN:B000001FZK Laughing Stock]] and [[ASIN:B000005RS5 Spirit of Eden]] the masterpieces that they were. Drummer on \\"Mark Hollis\\" was Martin Ditcham, and his playing lacks the dense cymbal work that was one of the most remarkable features of such songs as \\"Ascension Day\\", \\"After the Flood\\" and parts of \\"Taphead\\". Friese-Greene's absence appears to eliminate Hollis' ability to create memorable material<br /><br />Hollis worked here mostly with Warne Livesey, most famous as a producer of such bands as Midnight Oil and the appalling Icehouse and Paul Young (but also having experience in experimental music with Foetus). Much of the material they write together seems to float around with little focus is great contrast to the highly structured, tight character of masterpieces like \\"Ascension Day\\" and \\"The Rainbow\\".<br /><br />All in all, \\"Mark Hollis\\" is very different from even the later Talk Talk albums and lacks the intensity that made them so memorable and refreshing in a world of overblown hair metal and grunge. Those who doubt the importance of Lee Harris and Tim Friese-Greene to Talk Talk's status as one of the great bands of their time ought to have their mind changed, too: they are very much missed. Most of \\"Mark Hollis\\" is in fact basic singer/songwriter material even with the delicate, quiet beauty that stands throughout as its one strength.masterpieces like \\"Ascension Day\\" and \\"The Rainbow\\".    All in all, \\"Mark Hollis\\" is very different from even the later Talk Talk albums and lacks the intensity that made them so memorable and refreshing in a world of overblown hair metal and grunge. Those who doubt the importance of Lee Harris and Tim Friese-Greene to Talk Talk's status as one of the great bands of their time ought to have their mind changed, too: they are very much missed. Most of \\"Mark Hollis\\" is in fact basic singer/songwriter material even with the delicate, quiet beauty that stands throughout as its one strength.
B001GQO50I|1.0|This recording is a rip off. I wish I would of read the reviews before I purchased. The other CDS...Detroit, Philly are the soundboard quality you want.
B001G5ZKZS|5.0|I collect a lot of live concert dvd's and this is one of the best, even if I wasn't a huge Rush fan and just a fan of rock and roll, I'd probably like this disc..    shot differently than previous Rush DVD's like Rio and R30, there are a lot of closeups of the musicians hands which would enable most aspiring musicians to learn a few of the songs, being a guitar player myself, I was awakened to a few things I didn't know about like which key they were in and what scale the solo was in,,,,love this disc,
B001C46P2A|1.0|What a disappointment. Unfortunately, Australia is more akin to watching a three-hour episode of Doctor Quinn Medicine Woman filmed in the style of Bonanza than an epic film set in the wilds of Australia. The characters are flat, and the film is predictable from beginning to end.     I am not sure what was worse, the slow motion Mr. Olympia pose that Hugh Jackman (Drover) assumes at the beginning of the film to establish himself as the \\"love interest\\" or Nicole Kidman's (Lady Sarah Ashley) semi-reprisal of her character from Far and Away; at least Shannon Christie was believable.     Even the cinematography was marginal. Either the character's reaction shots were filmed against a matte or the backdrops and the lighting were so poorly chosen that it looked as though a grainy image was set behind the actors in postproduction, either way it looked bad.    The one redeeming quality of the film is that the character Nullah allows audiences to have a cursory glimpse into the culture of Aboriginal Australia. Moviegoers would be better served however, by watching the film's three-minute preview and reading about the subject. If you really feel the need to see Australia, buy a plane ticket to Darwin.
B001DTPZNY|2.0|Well, we knew they were going to do it, every other movie icon from the  past 30 years has done it, so why not Indiana Jones? It seems like Hollywood had found another way to find box office gold when it decided to do \\"reunion\\" films for Rocky, Rambo, John McLain (Die Hard) and now Indiana Jones! It hasn't been a total loss as I did enjoy Rocky Balboa and the new Die Hard films, Rambo only had one good film to begin with, but Indiana Jones had a good run until this new feature film.<br /><br />The film is certainly watchable, but it's so over the top, it's more of a self parody, than a sequel. It just doesn't have the magic of the first three films. This is one time where \\"bigger is better\\" does not apply. I'm glad I found this in a bargain bin, because I'm sure I won't watch it very often. For Die Hard fans the DVD transfer is very good and there is a short making of documentary on the single disc.
B00005JPS8|5.0|Good job. Great movie. Was startled, cried, laughed, and cheared thoughout. Come on part 2.
0061438294|5.0|This is a very informative and useful book. No you won't be able to tell if someone is lying (no one can really do that for certain) but you will be able to tell when someone is uncomfortable, stressed, etc which may or may not be a by-product of them lying.
1400064287|5.0|Over the past year I discovered a hurtle with my personality.     When I am talking to people one on one, I am outgoing, loquacious, animated, and blend in analogies and anecdotes with great abandoned. When interacting with friends, this method enthralls them (at least that is how I choose to view it), but I have a very different way of presenting ideas to others in a business setting.    Because of my technical background, I choose my words carefully when speaking about business. I make great efforts to be both precise and accurate and labor over how to most completely present all of the relevant ideas... and I do mean completely. I feel it necessary to go into great detail about all of the aspects of the topic under consideration because I believe all of the points to be critical - I want to make sure my audience is as informed about the topic as I am.     This led me to a problem. I discovered (to my amazement) that people didn't want to become experts on these topics, especially not in our first meeting. They wanted to quickly understand the breadth of the concept and then decide whether they wanted to know more or not. How could this be with such exciting ideas?     So, as I started to pitch my most recent project to potential investors, I ran into problems. How do I fit my ideas into a 60-second elevator pitch, a 3-minute overview and a 20 minute project presentation. With the complete development plan assembled, the business model defined, and the team ready to go, I had to learn how to efficiently present the dream to find funding and my free wheeling conversational style used with friends and detailed oriented professional style weren't cutting it. I had the Curse of Knowledge and needed to alter it.    Made to Stick outlines a game plan for how to do this. They provide methods that help to refine a message to make it sticky to audiences so that it is more easily understood and absorbed at a deeper level - separated from abstraction. I found myself puttingthe book down mid-chapter to make revisions to presentations and documents and making notes about new steps that I needed to take. Presentation times dropped, people were able to repeat the key concepts I wanted to drive home, and there was dancing in the streets. I highly recommend this book to anyone trying to communicate more effectively.      Marcel Crudele  Atlanta, GA
B0015DYIH2|1.0|I was a bit excited to read that Bella was finally going to be a vampire.  Unfortunately it was all torn to shreds when I began reading their honeymoon.  I was happy that the Meyer did keep the book very clean about the sex.  I understand that some may feel that it was not good enough for them, but teenagers see too much sex and everything else that it's very embarrassing.  So I have to give her HUGE kudos for keeping it always modest in her books for this series.<br /><br />I was less than thrilled to read the book from Jacob's view point that I skipped the whole part!  I got to the part where it was Bella's turn again and was again annoyed with Jacob imprinting on her daughter.  I was annoyed with the Volutri coming and they were just annoying as ever.  It wasn't enjoyable to read the last bits because it felt shallow, empty and even more hallow than the second book!  I was happy to see that everyone got to live happily ever after BUT, come on, it was a little too easy to cut off the book there!  Could have given a bit more to think about or imagine she might write a fifth book that would continue from here...
1591840562|5.0|I've been going through the Guy Kawasaki portfolio of books in order to improve my ability to communicate effectively and this is the most useful book I've come across yet. This covers all of the bases from idea conception to how to pitch to how to raise funds. Half way through the book I began thinking, \\"I should write a book about all of the useful information I am picking up from all of these various sources,\\" but by the end of the book, I realized Guy had already done it.     AUDIENCE  I highly recommend that you be working on a project before reading this. I found myself completing a chapter and then rushing to my pitch or project plan to implement the new ideas I had just discovered. This was great as a user manual to help the process and targeted the things I was currently struggling with as well as gave me ideas about what I should be working on.    The Art of the Start is now on my bookcase in the section reserved for re-read. I intend to return to it periodically so I can take away new lessons as I am ready to learn them.    As a footnote, I followed this book with Made to Stick by the Heath brothers which was a great next read... review coming soon.    Marcel Crudele  Atlanta, GA
B0018OAPAW|4.0|Unlike past albums there are no extra features on this CD, no music videos, no wallpaper, no karaoke, and no hidden track. Unfortunately there's no jewel case either. The Offspring are following the recent trend in music releases by having the CD packaged in a gatefold cardboard CD sleeve. The gatefold cardboard CD sleeve is inferior to a jewel case in that the CD is in contact with the cardboard sleeve which easily scratches it. A couple of days after buying this CD my CD was scratched up so I had to put the CD in a protective CD sleeve. This album is not as hard as Splinter, it has more slow songs. It still has some catchy ones, their current single \\"You're Gonna Go Far Kid\\", \\"Hammerhead\\", \\"Rise & Fall\\", and the humorous \\"Stuff Is Messed Up\\". If you are a fan of melodic Hard Rock, Pop Punk, you'll like this. I just wish the music industry would bring back the jewel cases!
B000002GB2|5.0|\\"Equinox\\" would prove to be the last album from the original lineup of Styx.  This would also be the band's first album for major label A&M and probably the album where the band really developed their signature sound, a mix of progressive rock, straight ahead pop, and arena style rock.   I think this is one of the band's best and I enjoy every song on the disc.  The album spawned two medium hits \\"Light Up\\" and \\"Lorelei\\" both written by Dennis Deyoung.  Deyoung's mini epic \\"Suite Madam Blue\\" would also be a concert staple for years and remains one of the band's all time best compositions.  The rest of the album, \\"Mother Dear\\",  \\"Lonely Child\\", \\"Midnight Ride\\", and \\"Born For Adventure\\" are all solid album cuts as well.  All but \\"Midnight Ride\\" (written by James Young) feature Dennis Deyoung as at least a co-writer.  In fact this is one of Deyoung's strongest albums as a songwriter.  \\"Equinox\\" is a must own album for Styx fans and remains one of the band's best works.
B001EOQWFI|5.0|I saw this movie in the theatre and found it extremely refreshing.  It reminded me of my childhood and another movie called \\"Short Circuit\\".  I was very pleased with my purchase and received it in a very timely manner.
1904920209|5.0|I recently purchased both \\"Dough\\" and \\"Crust\\" and could not be more happy or inspired. They are such beautiful books with excellent instruction and such artful photography they would have been worth the purchase even if I never even attempted the breads. (Then there's the DVD that brings the books instruction to life...precisely what the unusual technique calls for.)     I've always wanted to be able to turn out quality artisanal breads but have met with unsatisfying results in the past - dense interior structures and under-developed crusts etc. Well, those days are over! As I write this review I am literally sitting with a thick slice of the most delicious sourdough that has the most satisfying crumb, open and airy interior structure, and earthy acidic tang. I can't believe I made it!!     The dough that was used for this loaf was unlike any other I had ever attempted. For the typical American baker this is going to be a wetter dough than you are used to and using Mr. Bertinet's technique your mind will be cryinig out \\"This can't be right....too sticky...to wet!\\" Don't listen to that voice and resist the urge to keep adding flour..be patient and the dough really will develop and come alive in your hands. It truly did require an act of faith - but after a few practice loaves I'm comfortable with not only the technique and sensation of the wetter dough in my fingers but also thrilled with the results. I'll never knead or \\"punch down\\" my dough again.     I can now produce a finished loaf as beautiful and satisfying as any I have ever purchased. Mr. Bertinet's beautiful books and patient instruction are a gift to bakers everywhere. Highly recommended!     J. Eisenhood
B001EN71CW|5.0|This was another awesome series and it is a major pity it didn't last.  I was very impressed with the shipping even though I chose the \\"free super saver shipping\\".  It arrived in great shape!
B001ECQ6YW|5.0|I took my son to see this at the theater and when it came out I made sure I bought it. It has a great moral at the end of the movie about what is inside a person is what is important. The animation is top notch and well as the dialogue. I would recommend it for kids older than 6 or 7.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|This is officially my favorite show!!!!!!!!I get so upset when I have to miss it.  It is kind of sci-fi but with such a realistic background.  The characters are very well defined, but also keep me guessing.  It keeps me on the edge of my seat every Tuesday night and I am praying for season 2.  I keep telling everyone I know about this awesome series, because I really hope it makes it.  Just one episode and you'll be hooked.
0060888695|5.0|Her voices for the various characters and her southern accent are enchanting.  She was a pleasure to listen to.  The story is told by Scout, the daughter of Atticus, an attorney defending a black man accused of rape.  The story illustrates the ugliness of racial inequalities in the South which hurts.  But it also shows human goodness with a decent ending.<br /><br />DATA:<br />Story length: 12.3 hours.  Language: offensive racial slurs.  Setting: Maycomb, Alabama, prior to 1960.  Copyright: 1960.  Genre: human relationships fiction and race relations.
B001CN2WXM|1.0|In 1997, five films were up for the category of best picture - of those \\"LA Confidential\\" was a contender.  It was an up and down year for the Academy, having the highest grossing picture on the ticket doesn't really allow room for small independent features to see the light of day.  Thankfully, \\"Good Will Hunting\\" proved that wrong, and allowed the comedian Robin Williams to receive the credit he deserved.  None the less, \\"LA Confidential\\" was in the gambit that year, boasting hot new talent, an awe-inspiring image of the golden years of Hollywood, and the grittiness that only James Ellroy could imagine.  So, with so many high marks - why didn't this film win?  To be honest, my friends, this isn't a very good movie.  As other reviews have claimed, and I agree, it is a popcorn film.  It has gloss, it has catchy music, and it has veneer, but it lacks the soul to be an award winner.  \\"LA Confidential\\" is a motion picture.  In the gambit of releases, it requires one viewing to see where both Russell Crowe and Guy Pierce first found their Hollywood USA footing, but outside of that - it only demonstrates one thing - Kim Basinger didn't need to put her best foot forward to win an award.<br /><br />Wow.  Isn't that opening paragraph grouchy?  My initial feelings for this film were not as negative as I may sound, it does require one viewing, but alas, this was my second time around and frustration has set in due to the missing hours I cannot get back.  \\"LA Confidential\\" is a film that boasts truths (i.e. there was a club that had women cut like movie-stars for men), or the dirty cops, but ultimately lacks that punch to make it feel ... well, real.  Let me explain.  Upon watching this film a second time, one could notice places where the actor's voices were not synchronized to their lips; one would feel as if they were on a soundstage instead of the actual location, and finally, perhaps the largest downfall, the secondary actors not quite fitting their respected roles.  I don't mean to tear apart an award winner, the people have spoken and it has already won, but it should go under scrutiny just like anything else Hollywood recycles.  \\"LA Confidential\\" needed to be darker, it needed further development into our main characters, and it needed more blood - more truth, more honest, more detail.  Boasting speaking parts of over 80 people is great, but when there wasn't a strong enough story to support them, it just falls apart at the seam.  What failed in this film?  A quick list for those keeping count:<br /><br />1) Danny DeVito - difficult to say because his work continually impresses, but with this film he just didn't seem to fit the part.  He didn't seem dirty enough, he didn't seem fast enough, he just didn't make me believe of the darkened underbelly of LA during this time.<br /><br />2) Kim Basinger - obviously, somebody liked her that year, but what did she contribute to this film?  She cried, she dressed as a starlet actress; she didn't get naked (not saying it was needed, but she was a prostitute).  She spoke about ten lines of dialogue and won an award - looks like Judi Dench all over again.  If she contributed to the film, perhaps - but Basinger did nothing to welcome a change to \\"Oscar Winner\\".<br /><br />3) Curtis Hanson is a great director, there is no doubt, but with \\"LA Confidential\\" he seemed to have too much to handle. Our story involves three main cops, each with their own story and dilemmas, we have a dead actor, we have missing heroine, we have prostitution, we have Danny DiVito talking about the QT, and we have James Cromwell in the background.  This is more than even a novice director could handle.  What could have strengthened \\"LA Confidential\\" would have been following our three main officers throughout the film, too many tangents were made, too many sidelines were focused, and we eventually lost sight of what was important - and what was actually worth watching - Crowe, Pierce, and Spacey.<br /><br />With so much distress, I must admit, there were parts I enjoyed.  I loved the costumes, the fantasy of this missing Hollywood.  The freedom during the time seemed stronger than ever, and Hanson captured this greatly.  The music countered the film greatly, focusing our attention on the time with upbeat songs and jingles.  Finally, I did like where Russell Crowe went with his character.  His was the only one that I believed, and trusted to portray a cop still fighting the struggle with his past.  He was the darkness that we needed for this film; his character alone represented what \\"LA Confidential\\" should have been.  He was worth watching and should have been presented with his first Oscar, but I digress.  Alas, this is all I can say - the rest seemed like a downward scramble into the pit of despair.<br /><br />Overall, I wasn't happy with this film.  \\"LA Confidential\\" could have been the small film that knocked Titanic off its shelf, but because it was so glossed over, because it lacked the grittiness, it just felt like a Hollywood-churned product.  It duped the audiences.  It promised this dark world of corrupt cops and staunch criminals, but did not deliver.  I wanted this to be a great noir film, a great feature to the likes of \\"The Untouchables\\", but this comes nowhere close.  Hanson tries to stay mainstream with this film, but could have succeeded by bringing his own image to the table.  I cannot stress this enough, this is a Hollywood film.  It is everything Hollywood represents from predictable plots, to friends finding roles for other friends (see DeVito and Basinger), and bloodless shootouts.  Even with all the production value going into it, we still couldn't get Crowe's voice to match his lips.  Pathetic.<br /><br />One viewing - that is all you will need.  I promise.<br /><br />Grade: * out of *****ts I enjoyed.  I loved the costumes, the fantasy of this missing Hollywood.  The freedom during the time seemed stronger than ever, and Hanson captured this greatly.  The music countered the film greatly, focusing our attention on the time with upbeat songs and jingles.  Finally, I did like where Russell Crowe went with his character.  His was the only one that I believed, and trusted to portray a cop still fighting the struggle with his past.  He was the darkness that we needed for this film; his character alone represented what \\"LA Confidential\\" should have been.  He was worth watching and should have been presented with his first Oscar, but I digress.  Alas, this is all I can say - the rest seemed like a downward scramble into the pit of despair.      Overall, I wasn't happy with this film.  \\"LA Confidential\\" could have been the small film that knocked Titanic off its shelf, but because it was so glossed over, because it lacked the grittiness, it just felt like a Hollywood-churned product.  It duped the audiences.  It promised this dark world of corrupt cops and staunch criminals, but did not deliver.  I wanted this to be a great noir film, a great feature to the likes of \\"The Untouchables\\", but this comes nowhere close.  Hanson tries to stay mainstream with this film, but could have succeeded by bringing his own image to the table.  I cannot stress this enough, this is a Hollywood film.  It is everything Hollywood represents from predictable plots, to friends finding roles for other friends (see DeVito and Basinger), and bloodless shootouts.  Even with all the production value going into it, we still couldn't get Crowe's voice to match his lips.  Pathetic.    One viewing - that is all you will need.  I promise.    Grade: * out of *****
0517227851|5.0|This is a gorgeous little edition of Pride and Prejudice.  The format is small enough to fit in a purse or pocket, but the writing is still clear to aging eyes.  Ribbon marker.<br /><br />Makes a perfect gift, too.
0316017922|1.0|Since the publication of the \\"Tipping Point\\" I have used Gladwell's book in many of my lectures and required reading for graduate students. Yet just as I was delighted with that work, I was equally disappointed with \\"Outliers.\\" His findings stated the obvious.  Parental support combined with opportunity/chance provides the landscape for amazing success stories.  Are these outliers or merely the results of strong parental support? Certainly culture, environment, and other variables combined play a role in success.  It would seem that the true outliers would be those that came from lower income families. These families were concerned with economic survival that no time was available to support the educational needs of their children.  When children from this background and despite the odds achieved success, they would truly be the outliers. From the perspective of \\"Outliers\\" we shouldn't waste any time whatsoever with them, they can't possibly succeed!<br />Ron Cheek, PhD
0930289234|4.0|I come to this review as someone who is not a die-hard fan of graphic novels.  I also come to this review in the post Dark Knight era, an era in which complex troubled superheros is not as new or intriguing as it probably was when Watchmen first arrived.  I also come to this book a generation after the Cold War ended.  In that context, Watchmen risks being an important historical landmark for what it did for the genre in the mid-80s, but of little relevance today.<br /><br />So, what does a book of this nature have to offer?  It's still an incredibly well crafted story.  The first time through, though, I struggled.  I was counting pages until the end.  It seemed to labor on discordant aspects that didn't make sense until I knew the bigger picture.  The second time through, knowing where things were going, I could appreciate the various parts a whole lot more.  I still didn't like the fact that they took the easy way out and did the \\"villain monologue\\" at the end.  I was waiting for The Incredibles line, \\"You caught me monologuing!\\" to come up.  For such a long and complex story, there was plenty of opportunity to convey this sinister plot more effectively.<br /><br />But what this book in its historical context does is shed light on a sliver of time and human nature in ways probably never intended by the authors.  When this book first came out, the fears expressed by the characters about the Cold War going very hot were palpable.  The world was at risk of imminent destruction.  A lot of what people were feeling within was probably reflected in these pages.  I found it all rather excessively alarmist and reminded me how often throughout history we've thought the world would end.<br /><br />Yet, this very context provides an interesting insight into human nature.  The actions taken in the end were horrific but justified by the major characters.<br /><br />What is intriguing is juxtaposing this story's ending with how it played out in the real world.  For all the doom-and-gloom about human nature in this book, the humans involved in the REAL Cold War that were targets of this rage proved ending it without a single shot fired.  Who could have seen that coming in 1985?  Such a graphic novel would have been seen as too idealistic at the time.<br /><br />So, yes, this book is dated.  Its impact today is far less than when it first came out both as a breakthrough in genre and a reflection of the national mood.  But this novel's brilliance lies in the fact that, as the perpetrator of the final sequence asked for reassurance that he did the right thing, so too did I begin to wonder whether the atomic bombs on Japan were a \\"necessary evil\\".  We did it, so we all assume it was necessary just as these characters did.  Yet, seeing this violent fantasy ending juxtaposed with the real peaceful ending made me wonder.<br /><br />If a graphic novel can compel such questions, then surely it is worthy of a read, even if its impact is not what it once probably was.
0956010903|5.0|I just wanted to give a BIG THANK YOU to all who warned us about the really Bad packaging idea. Fortunately the item arrived in a brown box with just Amazon written on it.  I opened the outer box and was presented with another box, white with the words \\"MUGGLES\\" in bold on a Red band. And the book title on one edge.  Again thank you for the folks who warned us about this SPOILER.    I was able to intercept the mail person. I then waited till my spouse was out of the house and I turned the box Inside-Out. Now the inside box looks like a plain brown box. My secret is safe.    On inspection of the the collectors edition I am very pleased.  It looks wonderful and will make a great gift for my Harry Potter Fan. It will sit in a display case with a set of reproduction wands. I can justify the extra expense in knowing proceeds go to a good charity, the Children's High Level Group.
B000BB1MI2|1.0|Inevitably it's going to be compared to the 1971 musical which while a classic on its own, was indeed very little like the book.<br /><br />I only read the book as a child and I can't remember much except the scritchy little drawings and the fact that Squirrels attacked Veruca Salt instead of Geese (though they didn't attack her, she just fell down the chute).<br /><br />If this movie is close to the book, then I must have read a wrong version of the book, or else the 1971 musical is an improvement on what must have been a kiddie-snuff tale, like Dahl's \\"The Twits\\" only with innocent people instead of evil spouses.<br /><br />What we have here is yet another film for Tim Burton to delve into his cliche's (or perhaps fetishes) of people so insanely pale, pasty, and white they're either the living dead or a racist caricature of British people.  Absolutely no one looks remotely human save for Christopher Lee and Freddie Highmore.  Everyone else has been made-up, airbrushed, and photoshopped worse than a Vogue or Playboy photoshoot.<br /><br />While some may have hated them, I thought the Oompa Loompa's performances were the best part of the movie.  Although they were apparently supposed to be based on the songs in the book with moral messages, I couldn't hear the lyrics clearly enough so whatever messages contained were wasted, even more so by the insanely escalating displays of CGI frilly-ness and confetti and effects.  All substance was lost behind effects and music.<br /><br />While the story is indeed more about Willy Wonka and Charlie Bucket, the 1971 musical (again with this) managed to make the other kids and their parents interesting characters in themselves who were memorable enough to become fodder for many spoofs by entertainers over the years.  Here, they're just cannon fodder.<br /><br />Indeed like other reviewers say, the kids aren't taught anything except \\"YOU DIE NOW!\\" and then put into situations like a cartoonish parody of Jigsaw's traps (\\"Saw\\"), be it Violet Beauregard not only inflating with juice, but doing so so that she becomes large as a building, which would/should kill any normal person, and brings back fond (ie, horrifying) memories of the trailers for \\"Slither\\" featuring a woman being blown up so large, she pops and explodes in a huge wave of blood and gore.  You pretty much know the rest.  None of the kids do anything to warrant these attempted murders beyond doing what kids normally do.  Example: whereas in the 1971 musical (AGAIN), Wonka tells Violet not to chew the gum, first seriously, then groaning and nonchalantly, in this version he doesn't say anything to stop her except to look like a famous pop singer.  Veruca runs off to look at the pretty squirrels, and Wonka intentionally stalls in opening up the gate to let her father out to free her.<br /><br />Then there's Willy Wonka, or as everyone who saw the movie calls him, Michael Jackson: the Parody Spoof.  Burton's fetish for the pasty and pale runs roughshod on Johnny Depp to a point where he is completely white as the background of the text I am writing this review on now.  Add his high-pitched voice and childish (rather than childlike) behavior and his complete and painfully awkward behavior around children and it seems like he's been court-ordered not to get too close to children or else...<br /><br />His reactions/behavior to the children as well is highly childish, rather than like a father-figure as in the 1971 musical (  ).  Example: in the musical, whenever Mike Teevee asks too many questions or annoys Wonka with his talking, Wonka has some clever little thing to say, such as \\"I'm a bit deaf in this ear, please speak up next time\\" or \\"I'm sorry, all questions must be submitted later in writing\\".  Here, Wonka only stares at him awkwardly, occasionally tells him he's mumbling (when he's not), and at the pinnacle of it, just freaks out going \\"MUMBLIIIIING!!!  MUMBLING!\\" like he's a sociopath.<br /><br />An entirely Burton-made subplot involves Wonka having issues with his father, a dentist, which causes not only flashbacks to very painfully executed scenes, but a demonization of his father played to odd and scary perfection by Christopher Lee, to a point where you wonder if perhaps Dr. Wonka abused his child.  These flashbacks bring the movie's momentum to horrendous stops as Wonka suddenly freezes up and goes catatonic to have them, then emerges frozen-stiff and twitching, until someone wakes him up.<br /><br />Then the entire thing comes apart at the end where Charlie wins the factory, and asks the crucial question of Wonka; can his family come with him.<br /><br />In the 1971 musical (HAHA AGAIN), Wonka says of course they can.  Here, Wonka says of course they can....'t.<br /><br />And with that, Wonka goes from odd mentor, confused and befuddled father figure, to an orphan [...] child who sprouted into wealth yet does not know love.<br /><br />In the end, Charlie proves to be the bigger man by rejecting Wonka's proposal because he would rather stay in the loving embraces of his poor family than live a cold, heartless life of decadence with Wonka in his factory.  And Wonka cannot even begin to understand why.<br /><br />And that is where the movie comes off its hinges and dies broke and alone in a gutter, as the pivotal mastermind of the film becomes nothing more than a befuddled, spoiled, loveless little brat who tries to kill off four children just to make a new permanent playmate.<br /><br />At the end, Wonka still learns nothing, but finally cedes to Charlie's request by moving the entire family into his factory, and culminates in a dinner scene so dismally awkward and painfully executed that just one viewing makes me feel like less of a person for having viewed it.  No one learned anything here; Charlie proved to be the true adult here, smart and mature enough to put his family above riches and wealth.<br /><br />And still, Willy Wonka the Michael Jackson Impersonator cannot even begin to understand why.t only flashbacks to very painfully executed scenes, but a demonization of his father played to odd and scary perfection by Christopher Lee, to a point where you wonder if perhaps Dr. Wonka abused his child.  These flashbacks bring the movie's momentum to horrendous stops as Wonka suddenly freezes up and goes catatonic to have them, then emerges frozen-stiff and twitching, until someone wakes him up.    Then the entire thing comes apart at the end where Charlie wins the factory, and asks the crucial question of Wonka; can his family come with him.    In the 1971 musical (HAHA AGAIN), Wonka says of course they can.  Here, Wonka says of course they can....'t.    And with that, Wonka goes from odd mentor, confused and befuddled father figure, to an orphan [...] child who sprouted into wealth yet does not know love.    In the end, Charlie proves to be the bigger man by rejecting Wonka's proposal because he would rather stay in the loving embraces of his poor family than live a cold, heartless life of decadence with Wonka in his factory.  And Wonka cannot even begin to understand why.    And that is where the movie comes off its hinges and dies broke and alone in a gutter, as the pivotal mastermind of the film becomes nothing more than a befuddled, spoiled, loveless little brat who tries to kill off four children just to make a new permanent playmate.    At the end, Wonka still learns nothing, but finally cedes to Charlie's request by moving the entire family into his factory, and culminates in a dinner scene so dismally awkward and painfully executed that just one viewing makes me feel like less of a person for having viewed it.  No one learned anything here; Charlie proved to be the true adult here, smart and mature enough to put his family above riches and wealth.    And still, Willy Wonka the Michael Jackson Impersonator cannot even begin to understand why.
B000669GAI|1.0|As in hundreds of newly remasters this is a victim . yes it has good songs ,but the dynamic range is gone . this happens when the recording levels are pushed too high und it looses all clarity . the only positive is pearl jam is getting more distortion in their grunge sound . I have been A Disc Jocky and have played loud music for more than 30 years ,I still Have great hearing due to the full dynamic range of cd's from 1984 to 2003 listening . when you listen to compressed and distorted music your hearing suffers . also distortion kills speakers as well as hearing . please check reviews before buying over recorded junk . you may never have to wear a hearing aid like people that I know.
B0014DZ2VO|3.0|James Bond was conceived by Ian Fleming as both rough and suave, British and cosmopolitan, a brutal connoisseur with a license to kill. I think his perfect embodiment lies somewhere between Sean Connery and Pierce Brosnan. I am afraid that Daniel Craig does look like a...parking valet moonlighting as a gigolo.<br />Nevertheless, [[ASIN:B000MNP2KI Casino Royale]] was an excellent film and I remember enjoying it greatly. QUANTUM OF SOLACE, on the other hand, is simply its...expansion.<br /><br />After the unimaginative opening sequence of traditional naked dancing shadows and the (admittedly awful!) title song, the story picks up exactly where CASINO ROYAL left us: the Aston Martin rocketing up and down narrow mountain Tuscany roads and into a quarry, pursued by Bond's enemies. Who, mind you, can be found everywhere...<br /><br />The film feels short and more like the staccato series of action sequences (and moments of closure over Vesper) than a flowing story.<br />This is Bond-by-Numbers: chases and gadgets (OK, product plugs), girls and villains, stylish lines and surviving impossible explosions. When the end credits roll you may not be able to put your finger on what was missing but you will not be able to shake that feeling either.<br /><br />If a fan of Daniel Graig, get [[ASIN:B000MNP2KI Casino Royale]] instead.<br />For classic Bond though, my advice is to watch [[ASIN:B001EDVNMG From Russia with Love]] once more.
0765340798|4.0|Let's all be honest: The Butlerian Jihad could have been better written by a high-school drop-out with a vauge knoweledge of Dune. The Machine Crusade at last shed itself of at least half its cliches and made itself almost worth the time it took to read. The Battle of Corrin, then, is so amazingly better than the frist two that I could sing for joy. Granted, it was bad enough that I had to interupt it with a spurt of corny young adult romance novels to keep interested, but in that light the novel shown as interesting, exciting, unexpected, and generally almost worth the time.<br /><br />The long and the short of it is that Omnius gets impatient, uses human inginuity (from captive humans) to attack the League with various forms of danger (super-plague, flesh-eating paranas) while the League ends up loosing atomics on most the syncronized worlds and declaring the jihad over while the last Omnius is trapped on Corrin and the Titans decide to take over what they can in their wake. But the passions behind the people (for instance, the captive humans who innovate the deadly scurge) are exciting, and far from commonplace. Erasmus himself may have at last understod what it means to be human, while Vorian has learned, by the end of the novel, that he is an Atredies - a son of Agamemnon - and that, however much we may lie to ourselves, we cannot fully escape our parentage or our patronage. I actually couldn't see the end of the novel, but again the corny young adult novels I was reading in between might have something to do with that. Still, the best of the Legends of Dune triolgy, which is enough to make me happy that I stuck through it.
B001M6KTLG|3.0|Although this is definetly worth watching, it is not as good as the other Indiana Jones movies.
1567184855|5.0|Almost every major religion and religious tradition believes in reincarnation (one guess which one doesn't), which implies a learning and progression of the soul, and karmic influences from the past and on the future.  While much has been written on the concept of reincarnation itself, almost nothing besides ancient texts like the Tibetan Book of the Dead, the Egyptian Book of the Dead, the Pyramid Texts, etc., and their more modern explications, has been written on the activity, life and conduct of the soul between one death and the following incarnation.  This book fills the gap brilliantly.    Dr Newton fills the book with case studies of hypnotherapy patients that he has regressed first to the point of exploring their past lives, and then, further, to the point after which they left one body at death...and then explores the following period while they are in the superconscious hypnogogic state.  The results are fascinating on every level.    The book is organized 'chronologically,' that is, with death, one's reception by guides and mentors after death, giving an accounting for the life just lived (for good or ill) to compassionate but serious judges, communion with other souls of various levels of evolution, and then to eventual reincarnation.  Along the way he explores the various stages of development an individual soul may manifest; the existence, training, and conduct of guides; and eventually chosing the next body to incarnate.  He frankly addresses pain, seemingly unjust deaths, finding soulmates, atoning for past lives, and drawing closer to the source of all.  By the end of the book one does have a few questions - he has written a another book to answer many of them - but Newton shrinks from little in his research.      One is left amazed and impressed.  Skeptics will no doubt dismiss the book as the product of a charlatan, a grand deception.  But for most who read it, I think it will be an inspiration and the kind of book that can change one's whole outlook on life.
B000NZL268|5.0|Our whole family enjoy this game.  It's very challenging and creative.  I don't think age matters much in this game.  Even the youngest person can win.  It does help with reasoning, creative thinking and problem solving.  I recommend this game.  The only thing I do not like is the many pieces.  I am afraid we may loose one of those many pieces, then it's over for this game.
B0019T9FL6|5.0|Such a beautiful collection of songs, so refined, just like Jennifer. We're putting these in everyone's stocking, excellent.....
B00192KCQ0|1.0|i wish i could give this a 0 star rating but sadly i can not.  for those who said it is a revisit to the great albums like master of puppets, and justice for all, and ride the lightning they are horribly wrong.  there are small splashes of brilliance but sadly it underperformed. they continue to make new version of old songs which is sad.  they are just not sure who they are and are not making great metal and have not done that since the early 1990's.  on the plus side james still has a great voice.  also the drums sound quite choice.  which is a contrast from that st. anger travesty.  sadly the mighty met has fallen to a new low.  if you want good metal look to europe.  they are making great heavy metal, progressive rock, black metal.  you know stuff that has the anger that the met once had but now they are old and mellow.
B001ACH4DS|3.0|I was distracted from the powerful vocals and music by the shallow and overly cliched lyrics on many of the songs. Permanent, Bar-Ba-Sol, and possibly Lie avoided this trap of immaturity. But the rest of the album lacks the lyrical sophistication necessary to give this album better than 3 stars. David Cook needs to focus the lyrics on the key element of the song and not distract the focus with overly broad, overly used, or common cliches -- if he wants to appeal to a more mature audience.
B001ED7C58|5.0|This is a great soundtrack I loved all the music in the movie and it is a great mix, everything isn't too much the same. I went looking for this soundtrack when I fell in love with one of the songs in the movie. Imagine my surprise when I found out the song I liked so much was sung by Rob \\"Never Think\\"! He's got so much emotion in his music, its moving.
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|Once again Enya has produced an amazing album full of hauntingly beautiful songs. The three year wait after the gorgeous \\"Amarantine\\" was so very much worth it.
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|Well worth the wait for this new studio album. She expands on her previous Christmas album (EP) with new selections. Although not revolutionary, Enya creates lovely, ethereal music that is beautiful as always. Many Enya fans will want to add this Christmas title to their collection.
0375826726|4.0|Unlike several of the other reviewers, I found this to be aa fantastic read.  I actually found it to be a little better than the original Eragon.  The imagery created by Paolini was by far better in this book than in the 2 previous ones.  Good Job and can't wait until book 4!!!!
B001FBSMW6|1.0|i really enjoyed the first two albums, especially \\"hopes and fears\\", but this new album i just can't get in to. not because they changed their style or whatever, but the songs just aren't that great. i'm not understanding this drastic of a change. it definitely wasn't needed. oh well, hopefully the next one will be waaaay better. just hope i don't have to endure a bunch of the new stuff when i go see them live.
B001AUKUUO|2.0|Just curious....I have always been a White Lion fan and I love all their music...but why have they now decided to not allow you to hear their music before you buy it??????????   And no digital download?????   I think they need to get with the times and wake up!!!!!!!  I bought another 80's band CD because they allowed me to listen to parts of tracks before I bought it, and they allowed Digital Downlaod...    WAKE UP LION!!!!!!  YOUR LOSING BUSINESS!!!!!!!
B001ED7C58|5.0|Normally soundtracks are hit or miss. The last one that I loved was the Love Actually soundtrack...until now. The Twilight soundtrack is fabulous. I adore every track on it. It was great to get to hear the songs in the film since I had the soundtrack first.     My favorite tracks are Supermassive Black Hole by Muse, Eyes on Fire by Blue Foundation, Decode by Paramore, Flightless Bird, American Mouth by Iron & Wine and Never Think by Robert Pattinson. Pattinson has a unique voice, and his song is beautiful and surprisingly soulful. I believe that every song chosen fits perfectly into the film.     I think it was really important for Twilight to have great music since music was such a huge part of Stephenie Meyer's inspiration while writing the Twilight Saga. I have a feeling that she is very proud of this soundrack.
B000G73U5Y|4.0|This collection is a solid introduction to Steely Dan; no more, no less.  Aja was a grevious omission.  However, I would not recommend buying another of the various Greatest Hits compilations.  Buy all the remastered albums, as they are heavily discounted on Amazon.com.
B000063JZQ|2.0|To sum up the movie in one word - disappointment. Such a great story, and such a poor rendering...Although I'm not the fan of action-packed Hollywood box office hits, this movie was unbelievably boring even to me. The terrible setting (when some character was looking out of the window, it was so obvious that the sunset and the countryside are not real) and even worse special effects (the scene where Macbeth stabs young Siward into the throat and the \\"blood\\" is running off - I know it's 70's and that I can't expect it to be totally authentic, but people, please, that wouldn't scare even a small kid) made this movie more of a comedy than a tragedy. And the fighting scene...if you need to cheer up, then certainly watch it and you'll be rolling on floor laughing as we were in class, but otherwise it's terrible and scene like this should have no place in tragedy. Unlike in the play, where one action followed another and the events seemed to progress pretty swiftly, the movie was kind of long-winded. But not to be totally unfair, there are some positive aspects to this movie. The actors were pretty good - at least Macbeth and Lady M - and I liked that Polanski used the original lines from the play. But these are probably the only highlights, I expected something better from such a director as Polanski. Overall rating - unless you really don't have to, don't watch it, you'll be bored to death after first few minutes.
0739366416|4.0|I'm a Republican but I voted for Obama partly as a result of reading this book.  There's a core of sincerity and humility that threads its way through it that makes you feel intimately connected with Senator Obama even if you disagree with his positions (which I often do).  It felt like talking to a reasonable, respectful person on \\"the other side\\" who is willing and even eager to discuss politics in a constructive and positive way.
B001EO2UJK|5.0|The third in a series of mammoth box sets,\\"Genesis 1970-1975\\" covers the Peter Gabriel years,beginning with 1970's \\"Trespass\\",with Anthony Phillips and John Mayhew starting out first on guitar and drums,then 1971's \\"Nursery Cryme\\" comes second,with guitarist Steve Hackett and vocalist/drummer Phil Collins taking over those spots respectively, continuing with landmarks \\"Foxtrot\\" and \\"Selling England By The Pound\\" and ending with 1974's overblown but brilliant 2CD/1DVD \\"The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway\\" with single sides(\\"Happy The Man\\" and \\"Twilight Alehouse\\"),BBC Nightrider radio preformances from 1970 and early demos rounding out the extra bonus CD/DVD.Contained are such epic prog-rock classics as \\"Watcher Of The Skies\\",\\"The Musical Box\\",\\"Firth Of Fifth\\",\\"The Knife\\",\\"In The Cage\\",\\"The Carpet Crawlers\\",\\"I Know What I Like(In Your Wardrobe)\\",\\"Harold The Barrel\\",\\"The Cinema Show\\" and of course \\"Supper's Ready\\".As with [[ASIN:B000P46P82 Genesis 1976-1982]] and [[ASIN:B000WETHXU 1983-1998 Box Set 5CD/5DVD]] ,the main attraction of these sets is the wonderful remixing/remastering in stereo and DTS/DD 5.1 surround sound done by Grammy-winning engineer Nick Davis,making the almost 40-year-old music sound as if they were just recorded today without compromising the original's intent.In this age of MP3s,to hear such clarity,depth and space,especially in DTS 5.1 sound,is a breath of fresh air. And as with the other box sets mentioned,their DVD parts include entertaining,insightful interviews with the band members and period TV concert pieces,which feature those famous theatrical costumes that Peter Gabriel wore in those days,and a colorful 48-page booklet with photos and liner notes.Forget about supper,a whole day's buffet is in store for many Genesis fans who buy this.And it's worth every pound!
B001FSDOZO|5.0|I was compelled to purchase this cd after finding out that it was being released.  I own and love \\"all the right reasons\\" so it was honestly natural for me to purchase \\"dark horse\\".  Needless to say I feel that this cd is even better than \\"all the right reasons\\" which is saying alot because \\"all the right reasons\\" was a birthday gift given to me by my husband which I enjoyed alot.  Here are the songs listed on the cd and my rating of each of them (1 being the lowest and 10 being the highest)<br /><br />1. \\"Something In Your Mouth\\" 10 out of 10-An extremely fun song about a woman who has many wealthy men lust after her.  I like how they mix the vocals of \\"dirty little lady with the little pink thong every sugar daddy hittin on her all night long doesn't care about the money she could be with anybody ain't it funny how the hunny wanted you all along\\" and the the guitar wonderfully speeds up.<br />2.\\"Burn It To The Ground\\" 10 out of 10 this song is very reminiscent of 80's rock with a fun modern feel, I like how they expressively yell in the song when they sing the chorus to \\"we're going off tonight\\" and mix it harmoniously with the fast guitars in the song.<br />3. \\"Gotta Be Somebody\\" 9 out of 10 This is a really good love song that magically works because many people can relate to the song and the drums are really methodic in the song. My favorite lyrics in the song (because they are full of heartfelt emotions)are \\"cause nobody wants to be the last one there, everyone wants to feel like someone cares, someone to love with my life in their hands, there's gotta be somebody for me like that\\"<br />4.\\"I'd Come For You\\" 10 out of 10  A beautiful makeup song that expresses how one feels at time when they want to express how much someone means to them in the midst of them wanting to right things.  My favorite lyrics to this song\\"no matter what gets in my way, as long as there's still life in me, no matter what remember You know I'll always come for you<br />5.\\"Next Go Round\\" A very sexual song that explains the singers intent to to make it with his conquest until the sun comes up but the way he expresses how he wants to do this works because it paints a very artistic picture in a fun musical way.  Very fast guitars are included perfectly with this song.  Needless to say this is one song to makeout to (and other things too graphic to say in a review but you pretty much get the idea).<br />6. \\"Just To Get High\\" 7outof 10  The only reason why I gave this song a seven is because it is more on the depressive side.  However to the band's credit they describe the consequences of letting drugs rule ones life with lyrics such as \\"but I remember what his face looked like when I found him in an alley in the middle of the night\\".  This song would go best with a powerpoint presentation on the reasons to be drugfree for a presentation to ones in high school and/or other organizations wanting to do emphasize the reasons to be drug free<br />7.\\"Never Gonna Be Alone\\" 9 out of 10 A very romantic side of nickelback that I like illustrated in lyrics such as \\"time is going by so much faster than I and I'm starting to regret not spending all of it with you\\" I also like the lyrics when they sing in the song \\"we're gonna take the world on, I'll hold you till the hurt is gone\\" and the soft guitars that harmoniously go well with it.<br />8 \\"Shakin Hands\\" 10 out of 10 A very stripperlike song that will for sure be played in strip clubs across the country.  The song illustrates how a woman became wealthy working just 3 days a work using her \\"skills\\" in a very sexual way with lyrics such as \\"well she aint no cinderella when she getting undressed\\" \\"cause she rocks it like the naughty wicked witch of the west\\" \\"far too pretty to be givin it cheap, that's why she's makin 6 figures working 3 days a week\\"  The way that nickelback creatively weaves it into one interesting story song makes it hard to not like this catchy song.<br />9. \\"S.E.X. A Definite 10 out of 10 I can't help it but this song honestly grows on me each time I listen to it.  The reason why is because of the catchy pleasure lyrics of the song such as No is a dirty word, never gonna say it first no is just the thought that never crosses my mind, (later on in the song)\\"I'd love to try to set you free, all of you all over me I'd love to hear the sound you make the second you're done\\"Admittedly there are other lyrics in it that stick out to the point where its honestly played like its actually being sung to you.  One has to be in touch with their sensuality to be comfortable enjoying this song. Needless to say this is honestly another song to makeout to (and other things admittedly too graphic to mention in this review but you can pretty much imagine the possibilities with this song).<br /><br />10. \\"If Today Was Your Last Day\\" 9 out of 10  A really beautiful song that reminds one to relish and enjoy each day as one to be cherished and treasured.  The meaning of the song can best be summed up in the first part of it with the lyrics \\"my best friend gave me the best advice, he said each day's a gift and not a given right\\".  I really like how the lead singer raises his voice to match the meaning of this song and then lowers it at the right time to emphasize if today was your last day.  An emotional and caring side to nickelback that is expressed very artistically, creatively, and philosophically.<br />11.\\"This Afternoon\\" 6.5 out of 10-Admittedly I give it points for the effort put forth by the band to create a feel good song but admittedly this song just did not resonate with me but with others it will.  I give the group credit for including humour in the song when they mention \\"we got weeds in the backyard 4 feet tall\\" \\"cheech and chong probably would have smoked them all\\"This song and \\"Just to Get High\\" were the only 2 songs that did not get over an 8 from my perspective.<br /><br />All in all this is a great cd that grew on me each listen and I have enjoyed it even more than All the Right Reasons.  If you definitely love rock music I would recommend you add this to your music collection.on me each time I listen to it.  The reason why is because of the catchy pleasure lyrics of the song such as No is a dirty word, never gonna say it first no is just the thought that never crosses my mind, (later on in the song)\\"I'd love to try to set you free, all of you all over me I'd love to hear the sound you make the second you're done\\"Admittedly there are other lyrics in it that stick out to the point where its honestly played like its actually being sung to you.  One has to be in touch with their sensuality to be comfortable enjoying this song. Needless to say this is honestly another song to makeout to (and other things admittedly too graphic to mention in this review but you can pretty much imagine the possibilities with this song).    10. \\"If Today Was Your Last Day\\" 9 out of 10  A really beautiful song that reminds one to relish and enjoy each day as one to be cherished and treasured.  The meaning of the song can best be summed up in the first part of it with the lyrics \\"my best friend gave me the best advice, he said each day's a gift and not a given right\\".  I really like how the lead singer raises his voice to match the meaning of this song and then lowers it at the right time to emphasize if today was your last day.  An emotional and caring side to nickelback that is expressed very artistically, creatively, and philosophically.  11.\\"This Afternoon\\" 6.5 out of 10-Admittedly I give it points for the effort put forth by the band to create a feel good song but admittedly this song just did not resonate with me but with others it will.  I give the group credit for including humour in the song when they mention \\"we got weeds in the backyard 4 feet tall\\" \\"cheech and chong probably would have smoked them all\\"This song and \\"Just to Get High\\" were the only 2 songs that did not get over an 8 from my perspective.    All in all this is a great cd that grew on me each listen and I have enjoyed it even more than All the Right Reasons.  If you definitely love rock music I would recommend you add this to your music collection.
B000B7QCKE|5.0|Yanni's best DVD EVER!!!!! Fantastic music! Fantastic location. Handsome Yanni ;-). Spectacular performance. I would defenitely recommend it to every Yanni fan or just music lover. Very energetic music. One of the best concerts ive ever seeing on DVD. :-)
B0000085N4|5.0|If you are any kind of rock fan, you need this album. It is ESSENTIAL! In my opinion, it is a perfect album. I love it, no matter how many times i listen to it.
1400049628|5.0|This was honestly one of the scariest, funny survival I have ever read.When I read or watch something I truly imagine myself in that persons situation. This book made me imagine a zombie world Where my family apart of the undead and I was truly horrified. For the past week all I could think about was zombies.You could imagine how I felt when I played left 4 dead. Its a scary read and I do not recommend it for the faint of heart
1416562605|4.0|Is this novel bitter, acid, sardonic, mocking, disillusioned, scornful, disrespectful, satirical, witty, or ironic? It displays, by turns, all of those qualities. The narrator's style perfectly captures the way that my Indian friends describe how government and personal privilege work in that country. While reading, I felt like I was sitting across from one of them having a cup of tea in a friendly Indian restaurant, and that reaction made me smile.<br /><br />From this element, a false note creeps into this book. The people I know who express such views are highly educated Indians who have spent a lot of time outside of India. To make the book work, however, we have to believe that the writer is intelligent but has little education and experience outside of being a servant and driver.<br /><br />Why did this debut novel win the prestigious Man Booker prize? I can only attribute the basis for that award to the obvious allusions to Crime and Punishment as Aravind Adiga explores how an impoverished Indian develops the consciousness to perform a great crime in a memoir-style novel filled with unrestrained humor.  I've certainly read more humorous books by Indian authors in recent years.<br /><br />As the book opens, we read a letter addressed \\"For the Desk of: His Excellency Wen Jiabao, The Premier's Office, Beijing, Capital of the Freedom-loving Nation of China From the Desk of: 'The White Tiger,' A Thinking Man, And an Entrepreneur, Living in the world's center of Technology and Outsourcing, Electronics City Phase I (just off Hosur Main Road, Bangalore, India.\\" It begins, \\"Neither you nor I speak English, but there are some things that can be said only in English.\\"  The epistle is sent off in responses to the news that the premier is scheduled to arrive in Bangalore the following week. The White Tiger has been told on the radio that the premier wants to learn the truth about Bangalore, and the White Tiger is willing to fill him in.<br /><br />As you will quickly spot in the first few pages, China and India come in for their fair share of satire in this work as well . . . providing contextual humor to keep the book from becoming too serious in its focus on India and its corrupt democracy that pretends to offer more.<br /><br />The nightly letters continue for a week as The White Tiger (aka Balram Halwai) explains how he became an entrepreneur and how he conducts his business. If the humor starts to weigh on you, stick with it. The final part expresses a view that the new entrepreneurial class can choose to behave better than the old ownership class did. It's that hope that makes this book rise above the kind of satire that we all enjoy in newspaper columns about government corruption.<br /><br />The book's great strength is that Mr. Adiga is able to pull together so many different aspects of Indian society into one novel. It's an imaginative concept backed up by solid writing underpinned by deep insight into this complex and interesting nation that presents so many apparent contradictions to those who aren't Indian.<br /><br />One of the things I liked a lot about the book is that I could imagine The White Tiger living in Washington, D.C. and talking about the politicians there. That thought added a lot to my delight.<br /><br />Have fun!a and India come in for their fair share of satire in this work as well . . . providing contextual humor to keep the book from becoming too serious in its focus on India and its corrupt democracy that pretends to offer more.     The nightly letters continue for a week as The White Tiger (aka Balram Halwai) explains how he became an entrepreneur and how he conducts his business. If the humor starts to weigh on you, stick with it. The final part expresses a view that the new entrepreneurial class can choose to behave better than the old ownership class did. It's that hope that makes this book rise above the kind of satire that we all enjoy in newspaper columns about government corruption.     The book's great strength is that Mr. Adiga is able to pull together so many different aspects of Indian society into one novel. It's an imaginative concept backed up by solid writing underpinned by deep insight into this complex and interesting nation that presents so many apparent contradictions to those who aren't Indian.     One of the things I liked a lot about the book is that I could imagine The White Tiger living in Washington, D.C. and talking about the politicians there. That thought added a lot to my delight.    Have fun!
B00009V93Z|2.0|I am an Elvis fanatic, but sometimes even people like me get fed up with the constant churning out of 'alternate takes' and 'below par' concert recordings. I buy it all, hoping that I get something different to add to my collection. Unfortunately, that is not the case here. I still enjoy hearing the king sing irrespective of what CD I play, but I have really heard all of this before. Pity, I thought that I would get something out of this one.
B001GKJ2FM|5.0|This musical movie was great! So what Pierce did not hit the notes as some opera singers. It is light hearted and funny. Give James Bond (Pierce) credit, bet he had a blast making the movie. Don't listen to the reviews that seem to knit pick, go and see it and now buy it and enjoy...You'll want to get up and dance!!!
B001E7OO2I|5.0|This product was shipped in a timely manner and it is an excellent product. Definetly worth while!
B0009QTS1M|5.0|Excellent seller. Product as described in  perfect condition. Shipping on time. Very happy with this seller!
B000ROALCG|5.0|This product was shipped in a timely manner. Great condition and an excellent CD. Definetly worth while! The case was in excellent condition. I seemed like it was brand new!
B0019T9FL6|3.0|I was expected more from Jennifer Hudson on her debut album.  I think Spotlight is the best track which was disappointing.  Its an ok album.
1580084621|5.0|This book is not for quick preparation Thai food. I've taken some cooking lessons in Thailand and they teach you to prepare simple, great tasting Thai dishes. This cookbook is not about that type of food.<br /><br />This book is on another level. The recipes often call for several exotic ingredients (e.g. sour cucumber, banana blossom, wild ginger, garlic syrup, Asian citron, cassia bark) and they are generally somewhat complicated. On top of it, the end result might not really taste Thai to you. If that happens it is because you've had too much Tom Yam soup and Green Coconut Curry. If, and only if, you're seriously interested in Thai food you should give this book a chance.<br /><br />Key weakness; This is a hardcover book but the binding is just awful. After some use it is very loose. Why cannot publishers learn to bind books well? Is it really that costly to do it right?<br /><br />UPDATE: I have cooked several times from this book for Asian (non Thai) and they really like the dishes. \\"This dish didn't taste like it was cooked by a ang moh [white person].\\" That is strong complement. The more I learn about Thai food the better this book becomes. As I noted above, the taste is more sophisticated than the prepackaged green curry, canned coconut milk, and breast chicken. If you are ready for it I don't think there is any other choice, in English, than this book.
0956010903|5.0|I love the HP novels, though I havent gotten around to book 6/7. I saw the original book online and I couldnt wait to get a copy just for the drawings and the cover. The metal clasps are a bit on the cheap side, but I am still satisfied. I wish that the book was a bit more limited though.
B00180R06I|5.0|1932, just before the beginning of the dramatic Nazi nightmare. Another vampire film. Yes indeed. But this one has something special, an ambiance that is more modern, that is different. What is it? First the rhythm is slow, a lot slower than usual in such films. No haste, no running, no hectic chase or race. Just the slow time of a village, and yet that village has something mysterious, people going around in the dark, bells ringing to call the ferry boat that is going to take the farmer and his scythe to the other side of this Styx river. Death seems to be everywhere and the director is mixing the technique of the silent film with pages of written explanations, and a little bit of the talkie already, here and there, but so little, though the camera is definitely the modern camera of the time and it provides a very good picture. The most surprising element is here that the vampire is absolutely unseen, unknown of anyone, invisible and well hidden, and that vampire has an obvious servant, a ghoul in the place. And the whole story turns around some old book given to the young Allan Gray by some old man before dying. The book that is so important in so many of Dracula's tales, films or other, though it is not that important, at least less important, in the archetypical book by Stam Broker. And the vampire hunters come to the idea that the vampire is some old woman who was a monster when alive and was refused any Christian rite when she died. The vampire is thus the asocial person, the one who was rejected and rejectable in her or his, its life time. And they will go on changing things to make them nearly more normal and no wood of any sort will be used to hammer through the heart of that vampire, but an old good iron stake and that vampire is a woman with the \\"predestined\\" name of Marguerite Chopin that has no connection, close or distant, with Dracula. And the ghoul, utmost surprise, is the local doctor who is putting to sleep the victims of the vampire, so that she can come in the middle of the night and find no resistance. And here again his end is funny: he gets drowned in flour in a watermill. But the film has one more characteristic that makes it different. The characters are speaking little but they are expressing a lot more than you could imagine with their body language and their facial language. It's beautiful and at the same time so natural in its artistic way, less demonstrative than Fritz Lang and yet just as expressive. Obviously the conventions were changing with the arrival of talking films, of another level of expression. It is true that it owes a lot to Baron Nicolas de Gunzburg's performance in the film but it also explains why Hitchcock considered it as a masterpiece of his time, one of the films that had made him what he became. A true classic in one word.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelinesan come in the middle of the night and find no resistance. And here again his end is funny: he gets drowned in flour in a watermill. But the film has one more characteristic that makes it different. The characters are speaking little but they are expressing a lot more than you could imagine with their body language and their facial language. It's beautiful and at the same time so natural in its artistic way, less demonstrative than Fritz Lang and yet just as expressive. Obviously the conventions were changing with the arrival of talking films, of another level of expression. It is true that it owes a lot to Baron Nicolas de Gunzburg's performance in the film but it also explains why Hitchcock considered it as a masterpiece of his time, one of the films that had made him what he became. A true classic in one word.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
0375826726|3.0|I hate to sound repetitious, so I won't go on and on about the fault of the book.  you can read numerous accounts already.  Simply said, my key areas are the facts that the book was exceedingly dull and drawn-out unnecessarily, I didn't like all the time Eragon spent away from Saphira, I found no point to the beginning self-mutilation scene (since none of those characters made a reappearance, and lastly...the excessive vocabulary usage sounded fake.  I even read a few lines aloud to family members so that we could chuckle over the overly large words.  I seriously believe Paulini purposely found those words to make himself and his characters sound older.  Unfortunately, it only made them sound flat.<br /><br />On the bright side, I did like the end (with the exception of the fight scene), and I did like hearing Arya (I'm not sure if I'm using the correct name-since the book is not in front of me) open up about her past.
0451528956|5.0|Told from the perspective of Dr. Jekyll's lawyer Mr. Utterson, as well as two letters which come into his possession, the tale centers around the good and evil in us all. This Mr. Hyde is evil, scrawny, and far superior to some of later, more cartoonish, versions of the story which show him as an enormous monster (The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen comes to mind). With its 19th century language it is truly one of the great relatively short (less than 100 pages) horror stories ever written.     This is the classic tale for Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde as published in 1886, I loved this book and highly recommend it to everyone.
B000QFON98|5.0|Of course, anything that Daphne du Maurier wrote is wonderful.  The writing is so descriptive and I also enjoy just having a old copy of this.  It brings back the 1950's when books were much cheaper and had wonderful covers.  I have enjoyed reading it!<br />Wendy
B001ACH4DS|5.0|Love David Cook...He is talented and genuine and he pours his emotions into his songs...what more could you ask for, besides more David Cook...    Here are my favorites from the album    \\"Bar-ba-sol\\" - I rock out when I am driving...  \\"Permanent\\" - Brings tears to my eyes  \\"Light On\\" - This song is addicting and I love the video  \\"Kiss On The Neck\\" - This is another rockin' song, but it is a hidden track after A Daily AntheM  \\"Breathe Tonight\\" - Bonus track on Walmart CD Only, awesome  \\"My Last Request\\" - This is one of my 18 year old son's favorites. This was a bonus track if you Pre-Ordered the album on iTUNES.  \\"I Did It For You\\" - Love this song...rock anthem    Really the whole album is great...so don't hesitate to buy it...    I am a fan for life...He needs to go on tour and we need David Cook merchandise...
0307387178|3.0|Although I really love this story, I think the approach could have been better. The book revealed more information about McCandless and his adventures than the movie by the same title, but the author felt it necessary to include his own personal adventures in the book as well almost advertising his previous book \\"Into Thin Air.\\" The book became redundant towards the end, but over all it was very informative and quenches the thirst for adventure in the outdoor junkie in us all. Four stars for content, but three for approach.
B000I0QK74|5.0|I too was slightly unmoved with Jimmy T's Christmas offering initially.  I expected something somehow more 'personal' or 'special'. That was when it was first released. The following year I put it on and...shabang...it sparkled to high heaven and I've loved it ever since! So warm, so happy, so rich with little sprinkles of levity. He actually makes me look forward to hearing Jingle Bells, a Christmas song that out of his hands is worn to threads. It seems this Christmas work is a 'Goldielocks Delight' - not too much, not too little, but just right.
B001GKJ2FM|5.0|I was not an ABBA fan in the 70's and I'm not now, in fact I am quite the opposite. I did not see this movie but I went to see this play in New Haven, CT. and was very entertained. I was very impressed with the way the songs of ABBA were intagrated into a play and tied into one complete story.
B001C46P2A|3.0|A movie easier to admire than it is to embrace, \\"Australia\\" is Baz Luhrmann's epic salute to the land of his birth.  As with all of Luhrmann's films, \\"Australia\\" is an eclectic mixture of various and sundry elements and styles, ranging from sweeping vistas a la David Lean to cattle stampedes to barroom brawls to larger-than-life romance to wartime melodrama to social commentary to Aboriginal mysticism to lowbrow comic hijinks.  It doesn't all come together in the final analysis, but Luhrman earns himself some points for at least  making the effort.<br /><br />Set in 1939, \\"Australia\\" stars Nicole Kidman as Lady Sarah Ashley, a British noble woman who travels to the land Down Under to join her husband on the cattle ranch he owns and operates there, unaware that he has already been murdered under mysterious circumstances.  Hugh Jackman is the rugged \\"drover\\" assigned to transport her from the coast to the isolated property deep in the outback.  Thus begins a tumultuous relationship that will take them across the continent and straight into the eye of World War II.<br /><br />Kidman and Jackman have charm and charisma to spare as the initially sparring couple who eventually become an item, and Brandon Walters captivates us completely as the mixed-race boy who becomes an integral part of the lovers' lives (the absurd caste system which allowed half-white children to be torn away from their aborigine parents becomes the major target of the movie's social criticism).<br /><br />Yet, while Lurhmann keeps things moving at a fairly brisk clip, he hasn't provided a focused enough narrative to pull us through a movie as long and grand in scale as this one is.  Say what you will about Lean's work, his storylines and characters always seemed commensurate in depth and gravity with the scope of his projects.  For significant stretches of time, \\"Australia\\" seems far too piddling, far too frivolous for the kind of movie it wants to be, while at other times, particularly towards the end, it threatens to wash away the audience in a tidal wave of manufactured sentimentality.<br /><br />Still, for all its weaknesses, \\"Australia\\" provides us with enough virtues of performance and filmmaking (the landscapes are literally stunning) to warrant at least a mild recommendation.  As a special added bonus for movie lovers, the film pays homage to such classics as \\"The Wizard of Oz, \\" \\"Gone With the Wind\\" and \\"Giant,\\" the first one overtly, the latter two more subtly, through imagery intended to invoke our memories of them.<br /><br />Thus, though the movie itself may be far less than the sum of its parts, the parts alone make it worth seeing.wash away the audience in a tidal wave of manufactured sentimentality.      Still, for all its weaknesses, \\"Australia\\" provides us with enough virtues of performance and filmmaking (the landscapes are literally stunning) to warrant at least a mild recommendation.  As a special added bonus for movie lovers, the film pays homage to such classics as \\"The Wizard of Oz, \\" \\"Gone With the Wind\\" and \\"Giant,\\" the first one overtly, the latter two more subtly, through imagery intended to invoke our memories of them.      Thus, though the movie itself may be far less than the sum of its parts, the parts alone make it worth seeing.
B000V86OKG|1.0|The seller is a LIAR, a THEIF, a CON!!  And AMAZON should not allow this seller on their sight!!!!      Hey, AMAZON, YOU are also RESPONSIBLE - buyers continue to get ROBBED by this seller and you ALLOW it!!!      NOT ETHICAL, NOT HONEST,  --  simply LYING, CHEATING, STEALING!!@#%#$^@$!!
B0009ZHJ82|4.0|This is a great movie to watch. It tell the story of Rodney Coppertop, who dreams of becoming an inventor and making it big. Along the way, he meets some new friends like Bender. Also it shows the stumbles he face as he tries to see his idol' Bigweld. In some ways it is like the David versus Goliath story with a social issue thrown in. I enjoyed very much and so will you.
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|Hard Candy- is a solid, catchy and fun album.  Madonna managed to tackle a slightly new style for her, with the help of some new friends- and they nailed it.
B000068QY7|4.0|Having read a few dozen other reviews before penning mine I have to say `wow\\" - is there a band that polarizes more than Oasis? The majority who felt inclined to submit a review are pretty darned positive. There are a few Oasis lovers who will never be happy because, once again, the band has failed to replicate Morning Glory (as if that is possible!). These disappointed fans over-react by giving a measly one or two stars. Then there are the Oasis haters. One might legitimately ask these reviewers why they bother. I don't care for Michael Bolton. Therefore I don't critique his music. Why should anyone care what I have to say about an artist who isn't to my taste?<br /><br />Heathen Chemistry was released over six years ago. I purchased the cd in '02. I must have played it but once or twice before moving on to other new music. It languished in a cd rack until I pulled it out a few days ago, along with the Oasis' other cds, as part of my plan to reassess the band. I like it - a lot. There are numerous strong songs on offer and nary a weak one. It is a return to the strong form of 1994-1995 without simply being an attempt to reprise the sound of the first two cds.<br /><br />As I was browsing the reviews on Amazon I came across an amusing piece by a contributor wherein he critiqued the disc as if it were a 1973 Beatles release. He had it right. On no other Oasis recording is the influence of the Great Ones so abundant. I am a huge Beatles fan. I would resent a copycat effort. That would be a rip-off. However, the music here, though heavily Beatles-influenced, is original - it is Oasis.<br /><br />When I retrieved the six Oasis cds from the wall rack I expected my reassessment of the band's music would simply confirm what I had thought about them for a few years - two great cds followed by four nondescript releases. I am delighted to admit that I was wrong. To those who fondly remember Maybe and Morning Glory I heartily recommend each subsequent Oasis cd, except for Be Here Now.
B001LJWKKC|5.0|This album by Jason Mraz is a fun collection of songs, and it includes some slower tempo ones as well.  The best, in my opinion, are the \\"extras\\"- the acapella versions, and live versions where his personality gets to shine through more. He is a talented young man- and I hope he continues to put out albums like this one.
B00005V1B2|5.0|The Who had Tommy, Jethro Tull had Thick As A Brick, Pink Floyd had Dark Side of the Moon, and Camel had this, The Snow Goose. Just a gorgeous piece of music, excellent playing, production, sound engineering and musical composition. Peter Bardens, Andrew Latimer, Andy Ward and Doug Ferguson put together a masterpiece. I have never tired of this album/CD; it is always inspirational and deeply moving. These guys were just great, and this is their best work ever.
B001FEA9QU|4.0|I've loved Metallica for a long time and I was recently very upset over the St. Anger album. However, this album has made SOME amends. It certainly has some better songs and I believe it is more in line with what Metallica USED TO DO!     If you're a Metallica fan and can get this Album cheap, then I recommend it. You don't need my recommendations on the music--they let you preview the Album. Go check it out for yourself!
6304711905|2.0|I tried this disc with a PS3, a Samsung 1080P upconverter, and a Sony BR player, all of which have the capability to upconvert standard DVD to 1080P. However, this disc will not upconvert using any of those devices. The best that you'll see on your HD-set is the movie in letter-box format, and that only fills up about thirty-percent of the screen. Bah!!!
B0015AARJI|2.0|The two reason why I bought this type of controller is as follows.<br /><br />1) weight. The previous PS3 controller was too light. I was dropping my controller enough to the point where I had buy another one.<br /><br />2) PlayStation discontinued the previous PS3 controller.<br /><br />If I had any say in this I would buy the controller without the dual shock, but this time add some weights.
B000AU9UYC|5.0|I was pleased with the way everything was handled.  I would use this service again.
0743290119|1.0|This is one of the very few books, that I simply could not read it was that boring. Not only are the characters in Weisberger's the same; book after book, sometimes the character's names do not even change!    Also, her obvious prejudicial view points of people of different nationalities has finally gotten on my last nerve (i.e. all Dutch people are clog-stomping people); but that aside the characters were completely and utterly boring. Not even likeable or was I able to dislike them as they were that bland and devoid of personality.     Her novels have gotten progressively worse but at least the Devil wears Prada and Everyone Worth Knowing, I was able to at least dislike the protagonist to the point I rooted for the villain, this one I don't know if there was a villain because I just didn't care enough to find out.     If you must borrow if from the Library and I guarantee you will probably be returning it within 24 hours not even bothering to find out the ending.
B000QQFKYE|2.0|This isn't really a movie. It's more like an abstract video with a bare semblance of 'plot.' It does have a cool, ominous soundtrack. Clearly, this is an art film, meant to be looked at and contemplated, not necessarily enjoyed as entertainment. For me, it just wasn't worth the effort. Watch if you are a dire fan of David Lynch only.
0545128285|5.0|Like the fairy tales of old, The Tales of Beedle the Bard have good, evil, and blood. The first two tales are appropriate for any age, the other three should be read by a parent before reading them to younger children.    If a reader is familiar with the tales of the Brothers Grimm he/she will appreciate the similar feel of these tales by Rowling. Most fairy tales are in nature dark, many even gruesome - despite what Disney has done to them. Rowling doesn't shy away from that particular element of true fairy tales, and even makes fun of how others soften them up (during one of Dumbledore's commentaries.)    I also found shades of tongue-in-cheek personal humor: Imposters posing as wizards, possessing no true magic - um, yes, Ms. Rowling, I agree that there are hack writers who get lucky and are held up only by a whole lot of hype, and then there are the real writers who produce real magic, and who's hard work and talent got them where they are, not a team of marketers.    On that note, many may try to weave tales of wonderment like the Harry Potter series, but no one will ever take J.K. Rowling's crown. Hail to the Queen! Please grace us with your presence again soon!    Your devoted fans miss you terribly! Though I really liked these tales, I long to get sucked in by your sweeping plots, and become best friends with your characters. I literally get teary-eyed when I think that there won't be a new Harry Potter book coming out this summer! PLEASE GIVE US ANOTHER SERIES! :)
0345472322|5.0|Carol Dweck's work Self-Theories. She has written another book, written for a more general, less academic readership called Mindsets, in which she applies the entity/incremental construct to a broad range of domains: business, interpersonal relationships, etc. I've read both. In Self-Theories Dweck's target are academic or educational contexts in which she argues that the difference in academic performance can plausibly be explained by distinguishing between two conceptions of ability, the entity theory and the incremental theory. According to the incremental spin, the abilities you possess are of a certain quantity which is FIXED (for all time) and therefore unalterable; which is to say your abilities cannot really be altered or changed; they are not really responsive to EFFORT. On the incremental view, abilities you possess are not FIXED and ARE RESPONSIVE TO EFFORT over time. One huge payoff, which Dweck points out frequently, is that in voluntarily adopting an incremental view of ability, you put yourself in a position to be FAR less vulnerable to self-blame, helplessness patterns, and self-despair in the event of failure, which can futher undermine your ability to execute your abilities. People of a more perfectionistic turn of mind have MUCH to gain by adopting a incremental spin on ability for the reasons just mentioned. \\"An ability is only as good as its execution\\"--Bandura.<br /><br />Dwecke's an exceptionally lucid writer, and even her more academic work, \\"Self-Theories\\" is not written in academese but in language so clear and informal, you almost begin to wonder whether this is a professor in psychology at Columbia University. She's that good, at least I think so. (Bandura's prose is also clear, and conceptually rigorous, but his prose bears an elegant conciseness or compactness of insight, which would not incline me to describe as informal. But I digress. Long story short, the answer to your question is, I think, 'yes', Dweck's work is closely related to Bandura's.<br /><br />I'm not sure if Dweck's work should be seen as \\"derived\\" from Bandura's, however. Dweck draws three key distinctions:<br /><br />a) between learning goals and performance goals,<br />b) between helplessness pattern and task-orientedness<br />c) between incremental and entity theory of ability<br /><br />Dweck's claim is this: People who hold an entity view of their abilities TEND to also to be people who adopt performance goals over learning goals. A performance goals is one which is more concerned about \\"looking or appearing smart\\" than in taking steps to insure greater informedness at the cost of looking stupid or uninformed. Thus, adopting a performance goal is AT CROSS PURPOSES with a learning goal. Second, entitiy theorists, when persuaded of their own failure, have MUCH REASON TO DESPAIR over their failed performances because performance failure (for them) JUST IS a demonstration of the fact that they do not possess (and what's more NEVER can possess) the capacities required to succeed; for they believe that their abilities are FIXED structures inhering in them which are not alterable by effort. Knowing this, you'd expect that, prior to performance, entity theorists SHOULD FEEL GREAT anxiety about their future performances and ABOUT THE THREAT OF FAILURE AND WHAT IT IS DIAGNOSTIC OF. Failure is a PERMANENT DIAGNOSIS for which NATURE HOLDS NO APPELLATE COURT. If you fail at math once, twice. You're a math idiot. If you fail at a relationship; you're no good at love and romance. Period. The awareness of these prospects can't help intrude on one's performances, and keep on from doing anything which could be contrued (in your eyes) as failure, even if that means that, in the short term, you have to admit incompetence or admit nonknowledge in a subject matter, or nonunderstanding. And this is self-defeating. The situation is according to Dweck much different for those people who hold an incremental theory about ability. For these people, failure is not diagnostic of something - a wanted capability to produce desired effects in a cared-about domain of human life - which they can't EVER possess; no, failure doesn't MEAN (for them) that whatever it is in people taht allows them to produce exceptional EFFECTS in the world, in any cared-about domain of performance--that thing, call it an \\"ability\\"--is something whose possess and \\"size\\" or quantiy or magnitude is something over which you can exercise some control over and the way you can do this is through EFFORT. The entity theorist does not see personal exertion as diagnostic of LOW ability; she sees it as the MEANS to ACQUIRE greater capabilities, a means to enhance her personal causation. By contrast, the entity theorist views exertion as diagnistic of Low ability; like a doctor who sees a patient and says \\"Those spots mean measles,\\" the entity theorist views exceptional effort to mean \\"low ability.\\"<br /><br />Bandura's view (in SE) is, similar to Dwecks, in that he thinks that it is functionally optimal to view abilities as developmentally responsive to effort. Abilities ARE things one possesses - powers one can personally exericise to produce desired effects in the environment - but for learners it is self-limiting to think of abilities as innate or in-born capabilities rather than as things which can be obtained though \\"acquireable means\\" and guided mastery. Bandura's general approach to learning seems to be that complex or difficult performances can be decomposed into simpler tasks; learners can learn and gain competence at the simpler tasks (increasing perceived self-efficacy incrementally as they go), then, once actually in possesion of those simpler skills, move on to tackle more difficult tasks, and so on until they actually possess the skills to perform the complex performances. This is what goes on in med schools, trade schools, most all graduate schools. On B's view, abilities are entities you possess, but the trick is to incrementalize your ACQUISITION OF THEM, using your skills acquired at lower and medium levels to boot youself up to higher levels. But of course, this means your conception of your ability has to be adequate to get you to the highest level of performance, or you have to locate the means and strategies which will elevate your performances to higher levels, and once these are identified you have to acquire them. And acquiring competency in the simpler tasks, lower skills, are, so far as I can tell from SE, the means to acquiring the skills to perform at higher levels; which is as much to say they are the means to acquiring greater abilities.- a wanted capability to produce desired effects in a cared-about domain of human life - which they can't EVER possess; no, failure doesn't MEAN (for them) that whatever it is in people taht allows them to produce exceptional EFFECTS in the world, in any cared-about domain of performance--that thing, call it an \\"ability\\"--is something whose possess and \\"size\\" or quantiy or magnitude is something over which you can exercise some control over and the way you can do this is through EFFORT. The entity theorist does not see personal exertion as diagnostic of LOW ability; she sees it as the MEANS to ACQUIRE greater capabilities, a means to enhance her personal causation. By contrast, the entity theorist views exertion as diagnistic of Low ability; like a doctor who sees a patient and says \\"Those spots mean measles,\\" the entity theorist views exceptional effort to mean \\"low ability.\\"     Bandura's view (in SE) is, similar to Dwecks, in that he thinks that it is functionally optimal to view abilities as developmentally responsive to effort. Abilities ARE things one possesses - powers one can personally exericise to produce desired effects in the environment - but for learners it is self-limiting to think of abilities as innate or in-born capabilities rather than as things which can be obtained though \\"acquireable means\\" and guided mastery. Bandura's general approach to learning seems to be that complex or difficult performances can be decomposed into simpler tasks; learners can learn and gain competence at the simpler tasks (increasing perceived self-efficacy incrementally as they go), then, once actually in possesion of those simpler skills, move on to tackle more difficult tasks, and so on until they actually possess the skills to perform the complex performances. This is what goes on in med schools, trade schools, most all graduate schools. On B's view, abilities are entities you possess, but the trick is to incrementalize your ACQUISITION OF THEM, using your skills acquired at lower and medium levels to boot youself up to higher levels. But of course, this means your conception of your ability has to be adequate to get you to the highest level of performance, or you have to locate the means and strategies which will elevate your performances to higher levels, and once these are identified you have to acquire them. And acquiring competency in the simpler tasks, lower skills, are, so far as I can tell from SE, the means to acquiring the skills to perform at higher levels; which is as much to say they are the means to acquiring greater abilities.
B001I10ABE|1.0|Metallica sold out on this terrible commercial album. I had to laugh when I read this in the description: \\"Though a step away from the thrash metal the band pioneered the album was nevertheless heavier than anything the band had yet recorded.\\" WHAT?? ARE YOU SMOKING CRACK?? Every real Metal fan knows ...And Justice For All was the last great Metallica album and this album started their downward spiral. Buy Kill Em All, Ride The Lightning, Master of Puppets, Garage Days(For the old original covers only) and that is all you need from these washed up hasbeens. Too bad Cliff Burton died. Maybe he would have saved this band??
B000YENUI6|4.0|Cronenberg is a masterful director and his two main actors are very good playing Londoners of Russian descent, although you wonder why he couldn't have just gotten some actors who were either Londoners or Russian.  The problem here is the script, which is the biggest load of cliches I have run into since the heyday of Constance Bennett and Gilbert Roland in the early 1930s.  Okay, it was sad when the 14 year old girl loses her life in the poverty ward hospital and gives birth to baby Christine, and as we find out her diary tells an awful story, but it turns ludicrously camp after just a few entries.  I'm sorry, but I got the giggles each time the voice-over started moaning about, \\"Today he addicted me to heroin.  How I wish I had not left my home!\\"<br /><br />And this kept coming back again and again, I suppose to underline the viciousness of Vincent Kassel and Armin Mueller-Stahl, both of them allowed far too much freedom to make the broadest possible acting choices.  Is it possible that neither knew The Godfather had already been made?  Mueller-Stahl in particular is just slimy evil.  He asks Naomi Watts to dinner and politely asks, \\"And you have shown Christine's diary to no one?\\"  What's a girl to do?  I would say, I have sent it to the PO Box of three thousand leading world newspapers and to the BBC.  But instead she just smiles back and says, \\"Oh, my uncle who has promised to translate it.\\"  \\"What's his address?\\" barks Armin Mueller-Stahl.  But in spite of everything, Naomi Watts just does not get it.<br /><br />Vincent Kassel--again, pure evil but with the Fredo twist of being mentally weak and a slave to his own addictions.<br /><br />Viggo--what can I say?  He is in top physical shape and, contrary to the other reviewer, he's got nothing to be ashamed of downstairs.  But yes, after awhile, even in the famous fight scene, you start giggling because he's taken more abuse than Marlon Brando, and he survives everything--and what's more, learns something.  It's Screenwriting 101, as written by DW Griffith.  Lillian Gish MIGHT have been able to make something of that diary voice-over, but don't bet the farm on it.<br /><br />And at the end of the picture, well, there should have been at least 20 minutes more of the movie, but test audiences must have gotten restless at the 90 minute mark, for the movie ends so abruptly I was still munching on my popcorn and anxiously awaiting a save.  Didn't happen.  Daylight.  Eyes blinking in the light.  Ripped off.  Was it Fredo or James Caan?itten by DW Griffith.  Lillian Gish MIGHT have been able to make something of that diary voice-over, but don't bet the farm on it.    And at the end of the picture, well, there should have been at least 20 minutes more of the movie, but test audiences must have gotten restless at the 90 minute mark, for the movie ends so abruptly I was still munching on my popcorn and anxiously awaiting a save.  Didn't happen.  Daylight.  Eyes blinking in the light.  Ripped off.  Was it Fredo or James Caan?
045122499X|1.0|I expected a lot more from Ken Follet. This book just goes on and on without end. The same subplot shows up again and again: villain, hero, problem, conniving, solution.  The book gets really tiring by the halfway point. I had hoped for more details about the 14th century England. But very, very few emerge. The book could have been researched by reading Prince Valiant in the Sunday comics. This is almost like Thorton Wilder's Our Town set 500 years before, without the ethos and pathos of that play. Oh, lest I forget, Mr Follet enjoys graphically describing every sex act (and there are many) imaginable. He also enjoys describing gratuitous violence that has nothing to do with the plot. You want to know how a kitten was killed by tieing it to a post and head-butting it? Read this book. Sorry, Mr Follet phoned this story in from his villa in Cannes. Save your money and read Eye of the Needle again.
B001ACH4DS|5.0|I enjoy every song on this CD and the fact that David wrote most of the songs shows he is more talented then shown on the show,
B001BKXUOQ|4.0|Although you kept me waiting and wanting for a long time. I am happy that it came. This is a great album from the juggernaut that Slipknot. As with each album the sound is diffrent from the last and in my opinion a long time listener now it is still golden.  They are something metal needs to keep it alive and breathing.  Although it is not my favorite album and there are a few questionable songs it is still a solid album from a more than solid band.
031606792X|1.0|i should have read the reviews... I waited weeks for my book and never received it!
B00002E224|5.0|Don't get me wrong, because I'm a big fan of Linklater's movies.  Especially \\"Slacker.\\"  But I never really enjoyed Before Sunrise due to the dialogue which sounded too much like Linklater.  Sorry, he's just not a good dialogue writer.  That movie would have been better if they had allowed the two principle actors to contribute to the script.  Well, that seems to be what happened this time, and as a result, it's a much better movie.  This movie would appeal to romantic types.
0312360266|4.0|I like the whole House of Night Series.  Very fast and exciting read.  I would caution that this is a book for young adults not pre-teen or young teens because of language and sex.  Zoey Redbird has a great story to tell.
0956010903|5.0|Received my copy today and am VERY pleased with it. Amazon must have caught on with the shipping complaints as mine arrived in a plain brown box too.  Both the outer box and the book itself are very well made, soft to the touch while the pages are of thick stock. The only criticism I would give as others have mentioned was to have each of the 100,000 numbered.  Also it would have been cool to have the page edges \\"frayed\\" for the \\"effect\\" of an old book.  Otherwise, I thank Amazon for giving us a chance to have this special replica and to Jo, for her amazing storytelling!!
B0018S6YO4|2.0|There is no question about the lack of really great albums this past year. It is very unfortunate that a lot of songs really didn't shine heart and soul. That is no doubt about it, with so many artists making poor albums that really felt like they gave more, that felt like it was a bunch of lemons. Rihanna is definitely no acception. After the overexposure of A Good Girl Gone Bad, she sadly hadn't made that opportunity shine after the overexposure of A Good Girl Gone Bad last year, with so much under her so-called Umbrella, it is very hard to say that not only wasn't it a good album, but she overexposed that appeal in 2008, with her re-editioned album. But let me put it this way, there really is nothing but very little that stays strong under this umbrella.<br /><br />Rihanna's 2008, A Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded is a expanded edition of Rihanna's album from 2007. The collection of songs doesn't feel like it is a sparkle in the eye, but a lack of heart and mind. The collection of songs feels the mostly the same as it did before if you bought the original version of the album. While you have mostly the same songs as before like Umbrella, Shut Up & Drive the Michael Jackson-sampled Don't Stop The Music, which sampled Jackson's Thriller hit Wanna Be Startin' Something, and her recent track Rehab, which feels like the soul has been battered, and lacking splice. The extra song songs don't add any glimmer either. The extra songs like Take A Bow, which its lyrics felt like it was less than heartfelt saying to a man that he is ugly when he cries was just sad, the lagging Disturbia, and a made-up collaboration of If I Never See Your Face Again with Maroon 5. The feeling on that cover not only lacks any chemistry she has with Adam Levine from Maroon 5, but the song just was better when Maroon 5 originally recorded it on their own.<br /><br />While the only song I did like was her collaboration with Ne-Yo on Hate That I Love You from the original album, I wasn't really that impressed with Rihanna's A Good Girl Gone Bad. As for the expanded version of that album, A Good Girl Gone bad: Reloaded, it sadly does dissapoint me. There really has been a lack of great albums this past year, and this one was a miss to my eyes. Honestly, Rihanna hasn't made a lot of great songs this past year. I really think she needs to find a better sense of making better songs that are heartfelt, than just feel flimsy under her umbrella.<br /><br />Album Cover: C<br /><br />Songs: D<br /><br />Price: D+<br /><br />Extras: D-<br /><br />Remastering: C<br /><br />Overall: D 1/2-hanna's A Good Girl Gone Bad. As for the expanded version of that album, A Good Girl Gone bad: Reloaded, it sadly does dissapoint me. There really has been a lack of great albums this past year, and this one was a miss to my eyes. Honestly, Rihanna hasn't made a lot of great songs this past year. I really think she needs to find a better sense of making better songs that are heartfelt, than just feel flimsy under her umbrella.    Album Cover: C    Songs: D    Price: D+    Extras: D-    Remastering: C    Overall: D 1/2-
B00009NHC5|5.0|Wait Until Dark w/Audrey Hepburn, Alan Arkin, Richard Crenna: By far this<br />movie is the best for keeping you glued to its every move..From \\"the get-go\\"<br />you're yelling at the screen to try to help Audrey survive her ordeal..and<br />when it really gets to the movies \\"heart\\", you can't even take a breath..<br />All your energy will be focused to saving Audrey from those evil men..each<br />person in this movie does a truely perfect acting job..you will never<br />forget \\"Wait Until Dark\\"..I still get the jitters after 41 years...A MUST<br />SEE..Mary Walton
B00005MP58|5.0|It was deliciously filling! I find myself could'nt get enough of it! Knowmatter howmuch I tryed. Like a good meal;I hope that I dont have to much of it.Therefore making me sick.And not wanting it for a while!
B001GQ2TGA|4.0|I was worried when i bought this, because I don't like a lot of Christmas songs.  I guess the commercial part of this holiday has turned me into a scrooge. Yet I love Enya and am always willing to buy anything she comes out with. I really loved this CD.  I'm more of a fan of music without words, and she has a couple on there that are just breathtaking.  The first song on the disc is my favorite and sounds like her usual music, and not just a \\"Christmas\\" song.  The xmasy songs, sound unique and very soothing and beautiful.  Only a couple songs, I could live without, but that's a small number compared to most CDs.  It's great, it's beautiful, and it's put me in the Christmas mood.
B00003JRCQ|2.0|It was ok.But the leading man!I dont think so! Atleast not at first!He just was'nt handsome enough for my taste.I love the aspect of a handsome guy falling in love with a plain Jane. The leading lady was plain and \\"awesome\\" at the same time.Her personality;her action's and the look that eye's had steadily held on to;had made her thrillingly \\"awesome\\"! But the leading man just could'nt reach her some sort of level.But the yearning and a sense of some  saddness within his eyes'; I could'nt; muchless try to deny!  His look's could'nt possibly win me over.But by me being a compassionate person; his eye's sure had won me over! Making him very handsome.And indeed; reaching her level!
B00197U0EY|4.0|I read reviews on other sites slamming this release for having \\"only\\" 1080i video and it not looking very good.  I have the Nine Inch Nails HD-DVD release which is said to still be the best HD concert release.  Live At Montreux still looks very good even compared to the Nine Inch Nails release.  The 1080i video is definitely an upgrade over the DVD release.  Colors come across as bright and crisp despite most of the stage being covered in black.    The audio mixes are nice but a little lacking in the rear channels.  Like most live content, the rear channels are reserved for screaming audience members.  The concert was a little short though.  Most Korn concerts clock in at at least 90 minutes.  Their Ozzfest 2003 performance came in at 75 minutes when they opened for Ozzy Osbourne so I am surprised that this concert wasn't longer.    All-in-all this is a good release that Korn fans should pickup as it is one of the last concerts with Head still in the band.
6305308659|5.0|If you like light comedy with a silly plot, this is one to buy. If, like me, you remember the 1950s, then you will laugh-out-loud through this movie. Just seeing the set brings back fond memories. The silly gags about the safer, innocent, quieter, sheltered, family value days of yesteryear are an absolute joy. You know, like Father Knows Best, Ozzie and Harriett, and Lucy.<br /><br />Don Knotts, a TV repair man, is funny again, and brings back memories of his Mayberry run. The intentional switches from B&W to color, and back, and isolated color in B&W scenes, and the reversal is often funny in itself.<br /><br />Warning: If you are too young and can't look back on days when you looked silly compared to contemporary standards; then you may not enjoy this movie.  Pleasant viewing for all to opt for \\"Pleasantville.\\"  And, golly gee, like cool man, the price is about equal to a rental cost.  Groovy!
0545128285|5.0|I was thrilled when my copy of Beedle arrived; I loved the added Amazon touch to the packaging. Jumping into something new from Harry Potter's world was great. J. K. Rowling once again shows her creativity in creating these tales. They are wonderful, not only do they give us further insight into the final installment, Deathly Hallows, but they make the world she created even more tangible.     <3 Jenn
0956010903|5.0|I bought this book as a Christmas gift for my daughter, who is hard fan of HP books - even more than me. Couldn't resist, though, and checked the package on the arrival day. Except of Canada Post slightly bending the package (AND the leather box), everything else is perfect - the decorations, the hard cover, the ink illustrations. It's also wonderful to see JKR's writing and to feel the part of the HP mystery. Hopefully, this edition will appreciate in value. And even if not, so far it's the best (and most expensive) edition on our bookshelf - something to show to the friends and enjoy for years to come.   The stories themselves surprised me - to be quite honest, after reading Amazon's synopsis, I didn't expect that I would be able to enjoy the tales so much. But JKR's writing, as always, is simple, elegant and touching. It also (as always) has many layers, so the readers could appreciate it from different perspectives. My daughter, probably, would be less interested in Albus Dumbledore's comments, as she is only 10. But I am sure this book is something that she would be able to re-read many times.  ... And no, I am not ruining her gift - for my reading, I got the Standard edition.
B001H5X7I4|1.0|I rented the DVD this past weekend and I heard that this was a really funny movie.  Well, it  seemed like this movie couldn't make up its mind if it was trying to be a comedy, or trying to be an action adventure flick.  To me, it failed as a comedy.  It just wasn't that funny.  The phony movie previews at the beginning were funny, but that was about it.  There was some \\"ironic humor\\" in the film, but not much \\"laugh out loud\\" funny stuff.    Though I will say that Tom Cruise's performance was inspired.
B00003OSSL|2.0|The DVD came on a timely basis.  I just had a chance to watch it yesterday, 12/6/08.  The DVD had a bad place about half way through the movie.  I guess that's to be expected with a used copy.  I will think twice about ordering used in the future.
B0009MDPYM|2.0|While the film includes some interesting visuals, it is bogged down by rather heavy-handed Catholic theology. If you don't subscribe to such beliefs, like me, you find yourself unable to care about the plot or see it as worth your effort to understand. All in all, I was rather bored by the end and found myself looking at the clock. It felt like I was watching the Catholic equivalent of the cheesy Protestant _Left Behind_ series.
B0016PM722|5.0|Your company is by far the greatest. Not only was the lightsaber everything you said it was but It only took 5 days from the time I ordered it until it was at my door.I WILL ALWAYS ORDER FROM YOU WITH THAT KIND OF SERVICE-YOUR COMPANY IS OUTRAGEOUSLY FAST IN MAKING YOUR CUSTOMERS VERY HAPPY.
B001G9LVGG|5.0|I purchased Sarah Brightman, Enya, and Loreena McKennitt this Christmas.  Loreena McKennitt's is the only one that did not disappoint me.  If you only have money for one, this is it.  It is beautiful, not over processed, over mixed, or over commercial.  She takes old stuff and makes it beautiful and new.
B0009U7LN0|4.0|This movie was unique in that i've never seen anything like it, it was totally hilarious and a must have.
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|I thought this album was incredible - absolutely the best that I own for the Holiday season.  I am buying two more - one for my pastor and one for my son. The sound is etherial and enchanting. When I am stressed it works better than chamomile tea, a recliner, and a great massage.
0307346617|3.0|I guess I didn't get it or maybe I just read the book out of sequence? There are a lot of 5-star reviews for World War Z and for the most part I think the premise of the story is very edgy and creative, but it wasn't really a \\"story\\" per se. It was like reading a Reader's Digest account of a zombie plague. The writing was excellent and very descriptive but I guess I was hoping for an actual story with a plot not a documentary on the outbreak. Something along the lines of the 28 Days Later movie would have been pretty cool. Again, I realize the point of the book was an \\"Oral History\\" thereby making it a documentary styled story but, like I said, the start and end of the zombie plague weren't really mentioned so I had no basis of history to begin with.
031606792X|5.0|I bought the entire four book saga and read all four books straight, practically without taking breaks to eat or sleep.  This book was by far one of my favorites in this series, because you finally understand where Stephanie was going with so many of the other story lines.  You also get to see all of the wonderful potential (I won't spoil it for you) for a number of things.  I can only hope that Stephanie will not let this series end at this book, because there are so many possibilities that she could write about now.  This book was definitely a great way to explain why she wrote what she did in the previous books!
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Simply put, I highly recommend this movie to all Batman fans and all action movie fans.     My friend texted me after watching the opening midnight viewing of The Dark Knight. His text said, \\"That was the greatest movie I've ever seen.\\" And he's not even a comic book/Batman fan.    This movie has had that effect on a lot of people.     There is a reason why it was only the second movie ever to gross over $500 million at the Box Office. It is simply that good.
0385334206|5.0|In \\"Breakfast of Champions\\" Vonnegut gripes with such irresistible verve that it's a let down when \\"THE END\\" (or, in this case, \\"ETC.\\") appears. Scrawled, almost childish, cartoons punctuate the text throughout and add to the askew feel. As with many Vonnegut books, humor seems to sugar-coat deep confusion and bitterness. Numerous laugh-out-loud observations on the human condition and the corrupt state of the USA belie the novel's underlying seriousness. But calling this \\"a novel\\" with \\"a story\\" seems like a misnomer. Here \\"the story\\" provides a framework for Vonnegut to vent about the country he loves and hates. Even \\"The Star Spangled Banner\\" gets derided, as well as the \\"baroque trash\\" displayed on the money. Other digressions, a la \\"Tristram Shandy,\\" which might have inspired Nicholson Baker's \\"overwhelming detail\\" approach, make this a curlicue tale replete with \\"too much information\\" moments. For example, the narrative expounds on character's intimate measurements. The squeamish will squirm and men will question their averageness. By book's end, everyone will question their sanity.<br /><br />Dwayne Hoover, the main character, does. In fact he loses it altogether in a final mutilating rampage. His homosexual son Bunny fares particularly bad. This bloody climax arrives when Hoover meets one of Vonnegut's most famous alter-egoes: science fiction writer Kilgore Trout. One of Trout's stories, \\"Now It Can Be Told,\\" convinces Hoover, whose mental health already hangs by a tendril, that everyone around him are machines and only he possesses free will. That idea serves as the book's main protagonist, the catalyst to d&eacute;nouement. A synopsis collage of Trout's other stories fills out the dramatis personae. These narrative tidbits loom just as large as the human characters. One memorable example concerns a story about aliens who communicate by tap dancing and farting. All the characters, stories and people, relate to the wider context of American culture in the early 1970s (remember C.O.D.?). Vonnegut finds much that confuses and disgusts him in that culture: the prevalence of songs that sell things, slavery's legacy and the \\"N\\" word (which appears with shocking frequency), environmental degradation, the yawning gap between the \\"fabulously well-to-do\\" and those who own \\"doodley-squat,\\" and overall senselessness. In the end, Vonnegut himself bursts into the story and plays God with himself and the characters. In a strange coming-out he confronts his creation, Kilgore Trout, and \\"sets him free.\\" Trout, who has just peeled coagulated toxic river sludge from his legs and lost the tip of a finger, pleads with the literary but all-too-human deity: \\"Make me young!\\"<br /><br />Though Vonnegut didn't seem to think much of \\"Breakfast of Champions\\" (he says \\"I feel lousy about it\\" in the preface and grades it a \\"C\\" in \\"Palm Sunday\\"), it nonetheless remains one of his most memorable books. It's a wild ride. The juxtaposition of dissolute text and bawdy schoolboy cartoons makes it a unique and unforgettable experience. Certain demographics will revel in its irreverence and \\"sick of the world\\" tone. It may even shock some readers, despite its age. Somehow, though it seems to argue that existence is mostly meaningless, cruel, and stupid, this strange book delivers a message of hope. Exposing the inanities of modern life provides the first crucial step towards their amelioration. Though we're not Gods, we can, like Vonnegut, fake it pretty well. We're not completely powerless. And, just as the world in \\"Breakfast of Champions\\" is Vonnegut's creation for catharsis and manipulation, this world is our creation. We can set our fictions free. And this lesson alone makes \\"Breakfast of Champions\\" a worthwhile read. Add to that the cartoon of an anus and undiluted brilliance results. Read.mber C.O.D.?). Vonnegut finds much that confuses and disgusts him in that culture: the prevalence of songs that sell things, slavery's legacy and the \\"N\\" word (which appears with shocking frequency), environmental degradation, the yawning gap between the \\"fabulously well-to-do\\" and those who own \\"doodley-squat,\\" and overall senselessness. In the end, Vonnegut himself bursts into the story and plays God with himself and the characters. In a strange coming-out he confronts his creation, Kilgore Trout, and \\"sets him free.\\" Trout, who has just peeled coagulated toxic river sludge from his legs and lost the tip of a finger, pleads with the literary but all-too-human deity: \\"Make me young!\\"    Though Vonnegut didn't seem to think much of \\"Breakfast of Champions\\" (he says \\"I feel lousy about it\\" in the preface and grades it a \\"C\\" in \\"Palm Sunday\\"), it nonetheless remains one of his most memorable books. It's a wild ride. The juxtaposition of dissolute text and bawdy schoolboy cartoons makes it a unique and unforgettable experience. Certain demographics will revel in its irreverence and \\"sick of the world\\" tone. It may even shock some readers, despite its age. Somehow, though it seems to argue that existence is mostly meaningless, cruel, and stupid, this strange book delivers a message of hope. Exposing the inanities of modern life provides the first crucial step towards their amelioration. Though we're not Gods, we can, like Vonnegut, fake it pretty well. We're not completely powerless. And, just as the world in \\"Breakfast of Champions\\" is Vonnegut's creation for catharsis and manipulation, this world is our creation. We can set our fictions free. And this lesson alone makes \\"Breakfast of Champions\\" a worthwhile read. Add to that the cartoon of an anus and undiluted brilliance results. Read.
159562015X|4.0|Wow, some books find you on your voyage of discovery. Who are you and where do you fit in is a question many of us seek as the times they are a changing. The book is a quick read and done in a couple of hours if you simply want to learn more about yourself. The Strength Finder test and the attributed descriptions nailed me to the core. My wife and friends were laughing as I read it out loud to them, sometimes finishing the author's sentences. Very funny, very very insightful and the right book for those that need a reminder of their strengths of their true nature. This can only help make you happy. That's right, who knew you can find strength, opportunity and happiness by being true to who you are.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|This one belongs right up there with It's A Wonderful Life and A Christmas Story. It is so well done that some of its charm is actually lost on children, in my opinion.<br /><br />But...by no means am i saying that you shouldn't watch this with kids of any age. This film relies on zero 'Pixar' wizardry and 'celebrity' power (Bowie fans should look elsewhere for their Ziggy fix...geez). With an outstanding score and virtually no spoken words, viewers are transported into a fantastic holiday story -- one that ends delightfully too soon.<br /><br />It is a quiet classic that wasn't created by Hollywood because it simply couldn't have been.
B000Q79HS8|2.0|There are better movies out there. This follows the standard Hollywood formula. Predictable the entire way through.
B001AX9DT0|5.0|This is such a refreshing album.  Considering all of the dance/pop/synth voiceover stuff that is on the radio, this collection is such a breath of fresh air. I can't pick any one particular song, as the parts truly make the whole.  A must have!
0743454537|5.0|Two of my friends recommended this book to me.  I was a little leary, though, because another person told me that it was boring at times.  So, I decided to start reading it...and if I didn't like it, I would simply stop reading it.  Let me say that I never felt the urge to stop reading this amazing book.  This was my first Jodi Picoult book, and I fell in love.  As one can see in the title of my review, this is now one of my top ten books.    The story is about a girl who basically was born, in order to save her sister.  Her sister has cancer and the doctors told her parents that the best way they could save her sister, is if they found a great donor.  The parents then talked to the doctors about having another baby, and then using this baby as that potential donor.  The doctor said that would be a great match, so they had a baby.      The two sisters went through a lot during their childhood and early adolescent years.  As a reader, you get really involved with the whole family and you take on the feelings of the mother, father, brother, and sisters.  The ending will shock you.  I hated the ending, but I loved it.  I know that doesn't make sense, but once you read the book you'll know what I'm talking about.  This book also allows you to think about stem-cell research and how far is too far.  I would highly, highly recommend this book!
B0006AAS5G|5.0|I was in the need for a solid, good looking metal watch and I chose the Invicta 9211... This watch does look great in person and feels real solid and has alot of details from the dial of the watch, the band to even the back of the watch and locking clasp... Invicta just makes a solid watch, and this particular model looks like a very expensive piece... Nice heavy feel to it and a scratch resistant face really helps because im a little clumsy lol... If your in the market for a low cost watch with some style... you have found it!!
B00005QDW5|5.0|First of all excuse any mistakes in my english.<br />This compilation is a great introduction to Pink Floyd music. Their music is beautiful and soothing, and most of it feel like waking up within a dream and being taken into a strange and wonderful world.<br />Although it misses some great songs (Fat Old Sun, Brain Damage/Eclipse, Summer 68, Mother and maybe an edited version of Atom Heart Mother) and some songs should have not been here (Set The Controls, Marooned, Keep Talking, When The Tigers Broke Free) and my favorite Echoes was edited, overall this is a great compilation that I like to listen to when I'm working at my computer or when I just sit and sip a good glass of wine.<br />I ordered the 4 vinyl box set and sounds great, I think even better than the cd, and the artwork is beautiful and sophisticated.<br />Greetings from Mexico!
B000Y9P3DG|5.0|I recieved this for my birthday, and there is really no words to describe how amazing this is. I wasn't even a fan of Celine, I knew of her and would listen to her, but wasn't a fan.  I got this and watched it, and fell in love and became a HUGE fan. She is so talented and this concert is amazing. The dancers, the backround LED screen, everything adds up to a magnificent show. The bonus features are great (over 3 hrs of them). The All-Access shows before the show prep and her leaving her house, backstage and on stage during the whole show, and her leaving the show and returning home, nothing is left out! SIMPLY AMAZING!!!!!!
0670020745|5.0|I wanted to talk to you about spirituality and the concept of the EGO thinking mind and the soul knowing mind. Actually what you gave two stars for (IMO) is the true 5 star portion of the book. Why, because if true, it proves the \\"thinking mind\\", \\"knowing mind\\" aspect of all spiritual teaching. The basic theory is that our sprit (soul) sits in the background absorbing experience while the thinking Ego mind thinks that it is in control.<br /><br />I ask you as a friend, no I plead that before you answer me you read one more book that might revolt you at first but will contain very important answers to your unspoken questions. Please read \\"The power of Now\\" by Eckhart Tolle
0545128285|5.0|The loveable Albus Dumbledore, headmaster of the Hogwarts school and Harry Potter's mentor is the commentator featured in these pages. He lives on in this slim collection of five fairy tales. Told from the wizard's perspective, it's a fresh look at some familiar and not-so-familiar fables, and the sharp wit of J.K. Rowling make it a delightful read. The first two are suitable for all ages, while the next are a bit darker. The black and white illustrations in this version aren't that great, but as with all of the Potter stories, one doesn't buy this book for anything more than the transport to the vivid world created by Rowling and the ongoing conflicts between muggles and wizards. (BTW: I actually cried during [[ASIN:0545010225 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Book 7)]] because I knew the series had come to an end). So, this little book was a delightful treat.<br /><br />It will make an EXCELLENT and affordable holiday gift for the Harry Potter fanatic in your family--or your school grab bag or Secret Santa. In addition, sales of this book are raising money for children in Eastern European institutions.<br /><br />Michele Cozzens is the author of [[ASIN:1932172300 It's Not Your Mother's Bridge Club]].
0307455874|1.0|All I can say is that this book is a lot of hogwash and empty words (like the man himself) and no substance. The scary part is that he got the title from his racist mentor and spiritual father Rev. Wright (WRONG) and it is sad to see Americans have elected an unknown entity to be their president. Hopefully, he'll be a one term president and he won't tamper with the US constitution. Again, not worth a cent! High in rhetoric and low in substance.
B00006F7IM|5.0|This movie has a great cast and is a prequel to the funnier \\"Major League 2\\".  Great movie!
B001BEG2LK|5.0|I remember how much my friends and I used to listen to this album when we were in High School.  I have not heard it in the twenty years since.  I recently bought this album and now I am once again addicted!  This album rocks from start to finish.  It is absolutely my favorite metal album of all time!
0316017922|5.0|This book worked on several different levels.  As with Gladwell's other books, it's written in a manner that keeps the reader interested and moving through it quickly.  Beyond that, however, the book addresses a number of common conceptions about success and turns them on their heads, leaving you with some insights and ideas that could be quite valuable.      The first of these ideas is that the combination of talent and hard work is what it takes to be successful.  On the talent front, there's good news; reading through Gladwell's book, you find that talent, while certainly nice to have, is certainly not a \\"need to have\\" attribute if you are looking to succeed.  On the downside for those seeking the shortcut to success, there doesn't seem to be any getting around the hard work side of the equation.  Gladwell's successes got to the top putting in an enormous number of hours (apparently 10,000 hours is the magic number for true mastery of your chosen field).    So if talent isn't required, what separates the hard-working successes from the hard-working failures?  Unique opportunities and circumstances says Gladwell.  Bill Gates gets to program at his high school in the 60s, the Beatles get an odd chance to play almost endlessly in Hamburg, Germany, Canadian youth hockey players get chosen for elite teams getting disproportionate levels of coaching, practice and games.    Finally, there's the idea that your upbringing establishes in you an outlook on life and the system that can be elemental to your success or failure regardless of everything else.  If you've learned to use societies systems to your advantage and understand how to get people on your side, you can go a long way despite some bad missteps.  If you view the system as your enemy, boatloads of talent and hard work may not be enough to overcome what ultimately amounts to self-sabotage.    Other than being interesting, though, what purpose does the book serve?  I'd say many, and they differ depending on yourrole.  If you are looking for success yourself, you'll need to scramble for opportunities to get exposure to your field that others miss and you'll need to dedicate yourself to your field.  If you're a parent trying to pave the way to your kids' success, you'll want to expose your kids to experiences that give them time to explore interests and you'll want to instill the idea that hard work is critical to success.  Teachers, coaches, managers, and leaders could use these ideas to find performance in people and places that would usually be overlooked.      Ultimately, Gladwell's point is that by understanding the true roots of success, we can nurture more of it.  His point isn't that it's great that Bill Gates got the opportunity to build Microsoft, but that it's somewhat of a tragedy that our society didn't get 10 or 50 Microsoft's simply because computers weren't available to more talented, interested, hard-working kids in the 60s.    There's a lot of usable insight in this book and it's fun to read too.  I can't ask much more of that from a book.
B00102FELM|5.0|This is a very cool dvd.  I had forgotten how great alot of the songs are on this dvd.  The song selection is great - alot of great, classic songs.  The performance is great!  You don't get the sense that this is a bunch of old dudes trying to recapture something that isn't there anymore - very solid, respectable performance.  Great vocals, great musicianship.  Very good retrospective!!! Sidenote:  I had never seen a performance by Uli Roth - that is also cool. Great dvd.  I am blasting it right now brother!!!
B000O599WG|2.0|I wonder if all the 5-star reviewers saw a different film than the one I watched.  This is easily Howard Hawks' weakest Western and probably one of his worst films overall.  The underlying problem is that it's hard to tell if it is supposed to be a serious film or a spoof; it tries to play on both sides of the fence, and that just doesn't work.    The Duke's performance is about average for him, but there seems to be a little spark missing from his acting; I wonder if he was a reluctant participant.  Dean Martin (and I am a big fan) gave an unconvincing performance as a drunkard who is trying to reform.  The problem with Martin is that a person never really knows when to take him seriously.    Walter Brennan was his usual irritating self.  Ricky Nelson was wooden and flat.  Angie Dickinson overacted, and I felt the film would have been better without her part.  Ward Bond's performance was probably the best of all the major players, but it was a minor role.    The \\"romance\\" between Wayne and Dickinson was very, very awkward and unenjoyable.  The caricature-like treatment of the Mexican roles was embarrassing.  And, at 2 hours and 21 minutes, the film was about 30 minutes too long; I found myself fast-forwarding a lot at the end.    Hawks' second attempt at this story, El Dorado, is a MUCH, much better film.  Even the much-maligned Rio Lobo is a lot more enjoyable.  Rio Bravo is a DVD that will not remain in my library.
B00007GZQZ|4.0|This movie makes me laugh every time I think about buying a new house.  Good comedy...  highly recommend.
B001GQACGE|1.0|WHEN I FIRST HEARD \\"SINGLE LADIES\\", IT REMINDED OF \\"GET ME BODIED\\". I LOVED BOTH SONGS..HOWEVER, AS I CONTINUED TO LISTEN TO THIS TRULY ANTICIPATED CD I FOUND MYSELF BEING TOTALLY DISGUSTED.. IT SEEMS LIKE BEYONCE\SASHA IS TRYING FULFILL A CONTRACT WHERE SHE HAD TO MAKE ONE LAST CD OR SOMETHING AND JUST MADE UP SOME STUFF.. I HAVE ALWAYS RESPECTED BEYONCE FOR HER ADDICTIVE MUSIC, BUT THIS CD MAKES ME APPRECIATE OTHER FEMALE ARTISTS.. EVEN THE ONES WITH ONLY ONE HIT..I MISS BEYONCE..
0553260111|5.0|I have just about finished the trilogy that this book is the first of. They are very different from the movies. In fact, it is as if the movies just had the same character names and were just inspired by the books but have a different story all together.<br /><br />The books are a little slower reading then some of the more current books in the genre but I like the change of pace.
B001KVZ6DE|5.0|An outstanding new book, Ted Gioia's  \\"Delta Blues\\" (2008) tells the story of \\"The Life and Times of the Mississippi Masters who Revolutionized American Music.\\"  Much of Gioia's book is devoted to the blues singers who left the Delta in the late 1940s and relocated to other American cities, including Chicago. With Gioia's book fresh in my mind, I was eager to see \\"Cadillac Records\\", a new movie which tells of transplanted blues, early rock and roll, and Chicago  -- and of the association of many great blues artists with Chess Records and Leonard Chess. The movie offers compelling portraits of Muddy Waters and Howling Wolf, of the Mississippi Delta,  together with Little Walter, Willie Dixon, Chuck Berry, guitarist Hubert Sumlin, and Etta James together with its portrait of Leonard Chess. The movie is directed by Darnell Martin.<br /><br />Gioia writes: \\"Like Muddy Waters, the Chess brothers were outsiders trying to establish themselves in Chicago.\\" (\\"Delta Blues, p. 216).  Leonard and Philip Chess (born Lijzor and Fiszel Czyz) arrived in the United States in 1928. Leonard  progressed from working in his father's junk shop, to opening a liquor store and nightclub, the Macomba Lounge on Chicago's South Side, to establishing the Chess record label to record black artists in the areas of blues, gospel, doo-wop, and rock. Philip Chess does not appear in the movie.  But Leonard receives a tough and accurate portrait from Adrien Brody in \\"Cadillac Records\\" as a new American determined to make a success of himself.<br /><br />Muddy Waters was born McKinley Morganfield as a sharecropper in the Mississippi Delta.  In 1943, Alan Lomax visited Waters, as he was already known, and made a celebrated series of blues recordings with Waters singing and playing acoustic bottleneck guitar. The movie opens with an excellent scene between Lomax and Waters in Mississippi (filmed in Louisiana).  Shortly thereafter, Waters moved to Chicago and changed Delta Blues and music when he electrified his instrument.  Waters would make several efforts to adapt during the course of a long career.  Much of \\"Cadillac Records\\" is told in his voice and through his eyes, portrayed by Jeffery Wright.<br /><br />Howling Wolf, born Chester Burnet, also was a musician from the Mississippi Delta. A physically large and formidable man who resembled a linebacker more than a musician, Wolf was already middle-aged when he came to Chicago. He was old enough to have known early Delta  blues singers Charlie Patton and Son House.  Wolf, portrayed by Eamonn Walker in \\"Cadillac Records\\", arrived in Chicago from Memphis, with a surly sharp temper and more of a head for business than some other rural singers. Wolf and Waters, and the sometimes jealous relationship that developed between them, is well portrayed in this movie.<br /><br />The movie also offers excellent portrayals of Little Walter, (played by Columbus Short) with his drinking and fighting and unmatchable artistry on the harmonica.  His own tendencies to attract and to give violence are graphically portrayed.  Chuck Barry (Mos Def) is portrayed as the founder of rock and roll, a style that would for a time displace Chess's bluesmen. We see him \\"crossing over\\" to white audiences in this movie, in the face of a heavily segregated Chicago, and serving jail time for contributing to the delinquency of minors at the height of his career. The movie shows other white rock groups plagiarizing from Berry.  Songwriter and bassist Willie Dixon (Cedrick the Entertainer), like Wolf a large man,  wrote and helped produce much of Wolf's and Water's material.  The vulnerable, troubled, foul-mouthed and greatly talented Etta James was added to Chess's artists when the label thought it needed a woman performer.  James is portrayed by Beyonce. She makes a stunning presence in this movie with her passionate performance of James's classic \\"At Last\\". (The violinists in the studio raise their heads from their instruments in disbelief as James/Beyonce  wails in recording \\"At Last\\", creating an unforgettable image of what needs to be said about this song.)<br /><br />The movie suggests that James and Leonard Chess became romantically involved. This is likely incorrect.  Many of the details of the story are also probably historically inaccurate. But the film is a story rather than a documentary and should be judged for its own effectiveness and for the way it portrays its characters and its times. And here I thought it succeeded admirably. The movie captures the blues as it moved from the Delta to Chicago. These musicians have only recently received some of the recognition that their artistry deserves. Leonard Chess, with his mixture of paternalism, insight, ambition, and probable exploitation of his talented musicians, is aptly portrayed.  The difficult transition from their rural roots that Waters, Little Walter, and the other musicians experienced in Chicago, and their struggles with alcohol, violence, promiscuity and racism, are properly emphasized in the movie. And the soundtrack brings \\"Cadillac Records\\" to life. The songs are not performed by the original artists, but the performances especially Beyonce's as Etta James, are captivating.<br /><br />\\"Cadillac Records\\" is a gritty portrayal of blues, rock, Leonard Chess, and the record company he founded. The movie tells of a unique American art form, developed by outsiders and immigrants, which continues to make large contributions to American culture.<br /><br />Running time: 107 minutes<br /><br />Robin Friedman\\"At Last\\", creating an unforgettable image of what needs to be said about this song.)    The movie suggests that James and Leonard Chess became romantically involved. This is likely incorrect.  Many of the details of the story are also probably historically inaccurate. But the film is a story rather than a documentary and should be judged for its own effectiveness and for the way it portrays its characters and its times. And here I thought it succeeded admirably. The movie captures the blues as it moved from the Delta to Chicago. These musicians have only recently received some of the recognition that their artistry deserves. Leonard Chess, with his mixture of paternalism, insight, ambition, and probable exploitation of his talented musicians, is aptly portrayed.  The difficult transition from their rural roots that Waters, Little Walter, and the other musicians experienced in Chicago, and their struggles with alcohol, violence, promiscuity and racism, are properly emphasized in the movie. And the soundtrack brings \\"Cadillac Records\\" to life. The songs are not performed by the original artists, but the performances especially Beyonce's as Etta James, are captivating.    \\"Cadillac Records\\" is a gritty portrayal of blues, rock, Leonard Chess, and the record company he founded. The movie tells of a unique American art form, developed by outsiders and immigrants, which continues to make large contributions to American culture.    Running time: 107 minutes    Robin Friedman
B000002R48|5.0|For the causal Dream Theater fan, this review is aimed toward you.     When Dream and Day Unite...the 1989 debut album by Dream Theater. Many of you have probably heard several songs in DT's catalog by now. More than likely, none of those songs are present on this album. This is one of DT's least progressive albums. I say least because there are some progressive elements. Charlie Domincii was the original vocalist of DT.  I've often thought he sounded similar to John Arch of Fates Warning. This is the first record where he provides vocals for the group. Turns out it was his last one as well. Here is a track by track opinion overview of the album:    A Fortune In Lies. A good album opener. Very guitar oriented too, with an excellent solo by John Petrucci. One of my favorite tracks of the album. I thought the ending of the song was a little abrupt. For example, a third verse after the solo would have been a nice touch.     Status Seeker. I have to admit, it took me a while to get into this particular track when I began listening to this album. When listening all the way through, it is the song I would often skip. There are key factors: Dominici's opening lines sound much like Rush's Geddy Lee, but during the bridge and chorus, he changes his tone drastically. Now: not a bad song at all.     Yste Jam. The adrenaline of the album. This is my favorite track off this album. It is Dream Theater's best instrumental, in terms of a \\"right in your face\\" kind of jam. Still on many of their setlists to this day. Solos by all four instrumentalists are found in the middle of the song. Right after the chours, a keyboard solo is found, courtesy of Kevin Moore. Right after, Petrucci's solo kicks in (easily among his best ever!) Next John Myung provides us with a bass solo, his unique style of playing really adds to this song. Then before the last chorus and outro to the song, we get a little drum solo soon by Mike Portnoy, after that bass solo. This song alone gives this album 3 stars.     The Killing Hand. This is possibly the most progressive track on the album as well as the longest with its different stylistic changes. It begins with Petrucci's clean electric slow Spanish style guitar work. This is a turning point in the album, as the mood turns darker and more refined. Moore's keyboarding work really stands out to really help bring the mood to the song. Dominici's \\"Killing Hand\\" wailing still sends shivers down my spine. Excellent job on this track.     Light Fuse and Get Away. Well, this one may as well be tied with Yste Jam as my favorite track. This one is rather interesting, as it's another keyboard-laden track and also continuing the darker theme. His keyboarding solo outshine's Petrucci's guitar solo a little on this one, imo. Yet they both work really well in conjuction to bring the mood to light (or dark I should say) Upon listening to this track, I usually picture a scenario of ancient times involving a dungeon. Dominici's vocals are really something on this one too.     Afterlife. As with the opening track here, this is another guitar driven song. Petrucci really shows what he can do, yet again on probably the 2nd fastest pace song on here, 2nd to Yste Jam. (guitar solos here are nothing short of great). A song dealing with religion, this adds some \\"spice\\" to the overall vibe the album has been giving off so far. [[ASIN:B000G7PMD2 Score: XOX - 20th Anniversary World Tour Live with the Octavarium Orchestra]] features this song with it's current lineup.    The Ones Who Help Set The Sun. Another interesting track. This song flows from the previous track, Afterlife, with the sound of a soft explosion. An eerie intro spawned by the likes of Moore's keyboards and Myung's bass. (There may be some guitar in there as well). It takes an even more eerie feeling with a literal keyboard solo, reminisant (to me anyway) of a Legend of Zelda video game. The song takes a turn around the 2:45 mark with Portnoy's drumming soon followed up by some bass. Pretty progressive in style too.     Only A Matter of Time: A good song and great closer to the album. Another keyboard influenced track which goes to show Moore's strong imput in the songs writings. This song brightens the atmosphere from the darker \\"feel\\" that the album took on. A live version with the current lineup appears off [[ASIN:B0002XL2WK Live at Budokan]].     Overall, I really like this album. One I listen all the way through and not skip a track. Portnoy's drumming stands out on this album. This is a good album to have in your possession. They are not easy to track down. I had to go online to find my copy. As noted among other reviews here, this is not an album to start with. [[ASIN:B000002JPA Images and Words]] would be that album. Their next (and first with James Labrie). This one can be a \\"comeback to\\" album, after becoming a fan of the band. Once you have worn out this disc, I invite you to check out a live compilation When Dream and Day REunite. Amazon link: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_ss_gw?url=search-alias%3Dpopular&field-keywords=when+dream+day+reunite     Portnoy and Petrucci have stated they would love to redo WD&DU but since they don't have the rights to the record they are unable to. But a rendition would sound a lot like that live set.     For die hard fans of the band, I encourage you to check out [[ASIN:B000K4ULQY Official Bootleg: When Dream and Day Unite Demos 1987-1989]] for the orginal demos to these tracks.     Charlie is by no means NOT a horrible singer. He just didn't fit the style of direction the band was headed in. Luckily they found the man for the job and after several auditions, they of course went with James Labrie.
B000PTYPAC|4.0|I really like this CD.  Pretty much every song is rockin'.  Haley's voice holds up well to the music behind it so that is a plus.  Sadly the only song I'm not to fond of is track 9, the ballad.  Everything else kicks butt.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|Being a HUGE Alan Rickman fan, and the only reason I bought this movie, I think he was underutilized in this film.  Anyone could have played his part.  He deserves a meatier role.  Emma Thompson - spot on as always. Not a big fan of Hugh Grant, but he was quite charming in this movie. Liam Neeson was good with the child.  Keira's story line - meh.
B00005JPO1|3.0|This is certainly the weakest of the Indy films, not because of its \\"extraterrestrial\\" plot (which I didn't mind, by the way), but because of its uneven flow. Sometimes it's fast-paced, then other times it's slow-paced. The action sequences aren't that great, and ants don't seem to be as threatening and creepy as snakes and rats. CGI doesn't work well here: the visual effects in \\"Temple\\" and \\"Crusade\\" look much more realistic than the effects here in \\"Kingdom\\". The prairie dogs and monkeys don't fit in; they make this look like a naive family film, which it isn't. John Williams's music seems to be a re-has of the music from the trilogy; nothing special. And plus, Shia Lebeouf is badly miscast. I'm sure they could've picked a more believable (and perhaps, new) actor to play the greaser. His presence in the film makes me think of \\"Transformers\\"; I'm supposed to think of this as an INDY film!<br /><br />But this film does have its moments. We get to see an older Indy, and knowing what it's like to lose some of the spark that's found in the original trilogy. The Soviets are the new enemies, and they're a good replacement for the 40's Nazis. Karen Allen returns as Indy's old love, Marian, and plot twists do ensue here (I won't spoil all of it). John Hurt and Kate Blanchett give out splendid performances, while Harrison Ford and Karen Allen brings this film up a notch.<br /><br />It's hard to say whether this film is a Godsend or a piece of crap, so I give this a 2.5/5.
B001GQACGO|5.0|The first CD which is the I Am Cd is the CD that I do prefer....  I rate the songs as follows     If I were a boy 4 out of 5... Initially it was one of my favorite songs when released but it can get annoying after awhile. But, the Video is captivating.    Halo is a 5 out of 5 ... this song is the next #1.    That's why your Beautiful is a 4.5 out of 5    Disappear is a 5 out of 5    Smash into you is a 5 out of 5  Great!!!! It's better than the original    Satellites is a 4.5 our of 5    Ave Maria is a 4.0 out of 5     Broken Hearted Girl 4.5 out of 5.0   Nice production    The next CD is Sasha Fierce    Single Ladies 4.5 out of 5.0   It's a great energy song... I hated it initially but it has grown on me     Radio  5.0 out of 5.0  Remind me of a Rihanna song    Hello 5.0 out of 5.0   One of the better songs on this half    Diva 4.0 out of 5.0  Remind me of A Milli by Lil' Wayne himself.. it's a bit too hood for me but it will be a hit because it's what the audience likes right now.. good song though    Video Phone 3.0 our of 5.0  I don't like it but I will listen to it... A bit slutty to me    Ego 5.0 out of 5.0  Very good song and it's refreshing    Sweet Dreams 3.5 out of 5.0  Not my type of music I like but its not a bad song      Scared of Lonely 4.0 out of 5.0  It's a good song .. sing along song      I don't buy CD's right away because many suck and only have great singles.... It was worth every buck in my opinion.... Very diversified and appeal to a wider audience
B00005JMJG|5.0|The gorgeous 2004 film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind encirles the tale of Joel(Jim Carrey) and Clementine(Kate Winslet)a couple on the brink of destruction.<br /><br />Joel falls in love with any woman who can give him the time of day while Clementine is vivacious, spontaneous and possibly slightly off-her-rocker.<br /><br />Only after a fight Joel sees Clementine and it's as if she doesn't remember Joel at all,.... because she doesn't. Clementine has gone under a new procedure to have her relationship with Joel completely erased from her memory. Therefore Joel decides to undergo the same surgery to try to forget Clementine, only his mind is not so willing to let her go.<br /><br />To make it short and sweet, this is a film you must see to appreciate, and truly watch to enjoy and understand.<br /><br />A brilliant, fantastical film with great performances and a gorgeous score.<br /><br />A favorite film of mine for years and years to come.
B000QFCD2W|4.0|This is a good King Diamond album, but it's not his best like he said. Sorry I love King diamond except when he gets too Satanic, which he does not on this album. However I must say like it is! This is the only time I've been critical of King. The first song on \\"give me your soul please\\", a cool name for an album, rips off badly the riff from Judas Priest's Painkiller song, that's not good. Listen to it yourself it's the same riff only slightly slower. I also heard on either the Puppet Master or another recent album a riff was ripped, just one riff on each album. This is way not like the King who always been an original incredible writer. Where is Michael Denner when you need him! It's not that Mike Weed is not a great player it's just Denner or even Sherman had way more influence on the writing and sound of the albums they contributed to! Andy and Mike play great on this very good yet scarred album. In my opinion The King just could some help or influence from his old friends from Fate days, even on his solo work. I mean in the music direction mainly. The songs have great lyrics but lack in the quality exibited by King in the past. Cool Female vocals though that's a nice touch! The guitars frame the song more than drive it like in the past, where's the riffs and more leads! This is a King Diamond Album not classical. I prefer faster stuff from the heavy artists and detest what Metallica did to trash metal in the 90's. However, its' another very good if slightly flawed effort from the awesome King.
B00005221M|5.0|Anyone that loves this movie must have this special edition. Though some lines and music from the original are missing from this edition, the extra footage makes the purchase worth it.
B001DDBCUU|4.0|I hate happy fairy tale endings but that didn't stop me from seeing this movie twice then buying the dvd. Must have for all Sex and the City fans. Its the tv show to the third power
1592402690|5.0|I can relate to Geoff Emerick. He discovered an old victrola in his grandmother's basement and started listening to classical records there, wondering how the sound got on the discs, and how it got back off again. My first record playing experience was similar with my father's big band records. Emerick then saw live bands playing with recording and broadcasting equipment all around. As a child, I was featured on local television kid shows, the only one not watching the host and puppet, but instead looking at the engineers and technicians in the studio doing their jobs.<br /><br />Then one day it all changed for me. My father brought home a portable reel to reel tape recorder. That was over forty years ago. Today, and for the last thirty years, I have worked as a sound recordist/mixer in the music, film, and television industry.<br /><br />For Geoff Emerick, he walked into EMI Studios and managed to get a job as an assistant at the age of 15. At 19, he took over as balance engineer for The Beatles, guiding and capturing the sounds that would grace the albums Revolver, Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band, The White Album, and Abbey Road.<br /><br />Here, There and Everywhere: My Life Recording the Music of The Beatles is a first opportunity look at The Beatles as they recorded their music in EMI's Abbey Road Studios. Emerick takes us from  his youth and fascination with sound through his unbelievable good luck of getting a job at 15 in what would for a while become the most famous recording studio in the world, on through his time as the man who became responsible for not only putting the sounds of The Beatles down on tape, but having to come up with all of the innovations that the group wanted in that sound.<br /><br />For those who are always interested in discovering more about The Beatles, this is one of the few books that actually has a lot of new insight into that world, as it is the only other book besides Mark Lewisohn's [[ASIN:0600612074 The Complete Beatles Recording Sessions: The Official Story of the Abbey Road Years 1962-1970]],  George Martin's books [[ASIN:0312114826 All You Need Is Ears: The inside personal story of the genius who created The Beatles]] and [[ASIN:0316547832 With a Little Help from My Friends: The Making of Sgt. Pepper]], and Kehew and Ryan's [[ASIN:0978520009 Recording the Beatles]] that tell us how they worked in the studio.<br /><br />As a sound recordist myself, I found the book entertaining, insightful, and full of familiar territory. For laymen, the book doesn't get too heavy handed into recording techniques and terminology or bogged down into technical procedures. I actually could have used a lot more of that, wanting to know exact mic placements, the brands and model numbers of equipment, settings, and all the other things that go along with recording sessions. There is not a lot of that in the book. I've had to search out interviews online that actually have more of that information included. It would have been nice for Geoff to include more but I think he didn't want to lose the reader with what would be trivial terms to most, and failing to paint the overall big picture of how drab and dreary Abbey Road Studios was in those days, adding it's own depressing affect to the self destruction that was taking place within the group.<br /><br />This book is not without it's own controversy. Just as Bob Spitz' [[ASIN:0316013315 The Beatles: The Biography]] became tainted in some people's minds because of a few errors that got past the proof readers, Emerick has come under fire from others who worked at Abbey Road who just don't remember different events and happenings the way he does. But after all, we all see things through our own filters, and it was 40 years ago.<br /><br />For now, Emerick has given us the definitive look at what it was like for HIM in the studio with The Beatles and some never heard before insight on how he helped The Beatles get their music recorded so that the rest of the world could hear and enjoy it!
B001ED7C58|5.0|I have listened to this soundtrack over 30 times! It is very rare that I love every song on a soundtrack and this is one of them.  I love how each song brings me to the scene that it was in!  Hot Topic has it on record,  I will be buying that for my sister.    Merry Christmas!
B001GQO50I|3.0|Too many of these reviews are simply an attempt to bash the current Doors management and promote the interests of this Abram guy.  Any of you involved in this sort of behavior need to grow up and get a life.  If Mr. Abram has some sort of issue, then perhaps he can address it at law. Until such time, perhaps we can stick to the musical merits and leave the personalities out of it?
031606792X|2.0|I thought it was just me that finished this book feeling strangely unsatisfied. I thought something was wrong with me. Have I become so cynical about love and happy endings from my own personal life that I wanted Meyer to ruin my beloved Bella & Edward?? After reading the reviews of my fellow Twilighters, I am relieved it's not just me! I'm not crazy or bitter!    We all got what we wanted. Bella & Edward forever! But here's the problem: they didn't earn it. When you travel through books with characters and have to watch them struggle and fight and suffer, you want nothing more than for them to get their reward. Bella had none of that. Her one struggle was the pregnancy. I questioned the whole pregnancy thing, too. It's just too soap opera, too easy a plot twist. But when she introduced the idea that Edward didn't want the baby, I thought, here, at last! A final battle for Bella and Edward. Could their love survive such a personal, life-changing dilemma? That was the most exciting part of the book hands down. I was gripping the sides of those pages, ready to tear them apart if poor Bella didn't make it!     But she did. So did the baby. And she instantly became a \\"vegetarian.\\" At that moment, Bella was no longer relatable to us normal humans. Because life is hard...nobody gets everything they want. Things NEVER work out exactly how you want them to. That's LIFE. The rest of the book became far too foreign. I think that is the bottom line problem of this book: the heroine no longer connected to her audience.    And that fact changed the entire dynamic of the rest of the characters. Reneesme (still can't get over that mouthful of a name!) became Bella's #1 priority. Edward had taken a backseat. I can imagine how that might happen to women after they become mothers, but it was disappointing when you went through 3 books SOLELY about the love between Edward & Bella.    I can get past the unlikely pregnancy. But I think that everything after the birth showed that Meyersreally ISN'T a good writer. I LOVED the first three books. Devoured each book in about a day's time! I don't need some impressively difficult dialogue or descriptions...some fancy-schmancy tricky narrative. To me a good book is measured by only this: Did you want to keep reading? and, Would you read it again? So I didn't care that people called my Twilight books \\"fluff.\\" They entertain! That's the whole point of telling stories!     But Meyers proved she's a novice by trying to make this series more than it is. It's a fun romance. That's all. And there's nothing wrong with that. So why did she feel the need to drag us into some big Vampire battle, and then not even stage it? We read these books to hear the stories of Edward & Bella. We want to know about THEM. We were cheated out of all of our Edward & Bella time. Their story ended after the birth, and it became the story of Reneesme. And where I felt VERY cheated, was with the vampires we already knew and loved: THE CULLENS. I was so interested to finally hear Rosalie and Jasper's stories in Book 3. I was excited to see them all be further developed in the final book. Man was I JIPPED! They were barely present. Instead we got a whole mess of new vampires. She completely lost me there. I couldn't name a member of the Volturi if my life depended on it. I skimmed probably the last 150+ pages. All of that preparation for the battle stuff, I had no interest in. I only wanted to know if Bella & Edward survived. But the real suspense I had felt earlier was gone.     It would have been MUCH better if she had just focused on Bella & Edward and her adaptation from human to vampire. We didn't need some grand Vampire saga. We only needed the characters we loved. But sadly they were missing. The only one who was still there was Jacob, and as he was no longer important to Bella, it didn't make anything better.     I read the partial draft of \\"Midnight Sun,\\" and I was much more intrigued by it than I was by \\"Breaking Dawn.\\" It isso much more interesting to see how our beloved Cullens deal with this big change in their immortal lives, especially when Alice can see where it's all going! Hopefully Meyers will end the series on a better note and complete it. I think the majority of fans will be a lot happier if she does. The only spinoffs I would read of this series would be ones written by one of the Cullens. If it's about Jacob or Reneesmee, I have no interest in it.    We all want a happy ending. But happy endings with those who didn't earn it? Those are VILLAINS, not HEROES.
B00006AW2J|5.0|There are a lot of reasons to love The Rolling Stones' [[ASIN:B000003BEM Beggars Banquet]] (1968). Of course, there is all of this great music, but it's also special because it was Brian Jones' last full album with the band (he contributed to two songs on [[ASIN:B00006AW2G Let It Bleed [DSD]]] before he died on July 3, 1969). And the album kicked off a new era of artistic excellence for The Rolling Stones.<br /><br />Sympathy For The Devil opened the album and made it clear that this was indeed a step up and into a new direction. No song had ever sounded like this before! Jagger as Lucifer.<br /><br />So if you meet me have some courtesy<br />Have some sympathy and some taste<br />Use all your well-learned politesse<br />Or I'll lay your soul to waste<br /><br />Street Fighting Man is a killer acoustic/electric guitar rocking anthem and call for political revolution in the streets. It's also one of the band's greatest songs.<br /><br />Everywhere I hear the sound<br />Of marching charging feet, boy<br />Cause summer's here and the time is right<br />For fighting in the street, boy<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000003BEM Beggars Banquet]] features a lot of country blues, so expect plenty of acoustic and slide guitars, bluesy harmonicas, lazy southern accents and outcast poetics. The lost and left behind apathy of No Expectations, the hilarious acoustic country twang of Dear Doctor and the blues drenched sexual bravado of the John Lee Hooker-esque Parachute Woman all channel the spirit of the early Delta country/blues.<br /><br />The 6:17 minute Jigsaw Puzzle is a Blonde On Blonde-era Dylanesque surreal blues painting, and Stray Cat Blues really rocks with crunching guitars and jailbait lust. The working-class sexy Factory Girl and detached blue-collar salute Salt Of The Earth (which features the Los Angeles Watts Street Gospel Choir) wrap up the album in the wonderfully roguish Beggars style.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000003BEM Beggars Banquet]] is essential to any Rolling Stones collection. A lot of Stones fans believe it is an equal part of the band's golden era that included [[ASIN:B00006AW2G Let It Bleed [DSD]]], [[ASIN:B000K8IDF6 Sticky Fingers]] and [[ASIN:B00001R3GI Exile On Main Street [Limited Edition]]]. I don't think it's quite there, but it's a great album, and the fact that Jumpin' Jack Flash was left off of the album to be released as a single makes it seem even more amazing. Great stuff!<br /><br />\\"Please allow me to introduce myself...\\"era that included [[ASIN:B00006AW2G Let It Bleed [DSD]]], [[ASIN:B000K8IDF6 Sticky Fingers]] and [[ASIN:B00001R3GI Exile On Main Street [Limited Edition]]]. I don't think it's quite there, but it's a great album, and the fact that Jumpin' Jack Flash was left off of the album to be released as a single makes it seem even more amazing. Great stuff!    \\"Please allow me to introduce myself...\\"
B001GKYBXA|5.0|I have heard this 5 times already today. I am a Beatle fan from back in '67 and I think the new \\"Fireman\\" CD is among Paul's finest.  I have the other Fireman CD's and those are in their way,very good too.  This new one is head and shoulders above the first two.  This new one is Beatles-grade material.  The song for Mills is especially good. Better than \\"Helter Skelter\\".  \\"Two Magpies\\" is also a favorite.  The CD spans lots of different styles and all are very well executed as only Macca could.  Somewhere,John has to be smiling,if he would've been lucky enough to hear this. It certainly is not typical Macca \\"granny music\\".  It deserves a Grammy nod and 5-stars from MOJO,UNCUT.  MOJO ought to name it one of their \\"instant classics\\",'cos that's what it is.  Paul,thanks very much! And Youth,you are great,too.
B000F8DB4O|5.0|A huge fan of PMG and can't believe I didn't have this CD in my collection before now. The cover art resembles the Live album and I guess that's what threw me. I agree with the other reviews that there isn't a bad cut on the CD. \\"We Live Here\\" could be a \\"best of\\" CD all by itself.
B0000039QA|5.0|This cd is a classic and so is \\"Ready to die\\" Biggie was the greatest to ever do it until Jay and Eminem got on there \\"A\\"Game. He may still be best but we never know just how good he could have gotten.
0545128285|3.0|Harry Potter is, arguably, a tale that defined a generation, and one that was, according to Rowling herself, designed to grow with them. Unlike the core series, these are clearly targeted towards much MUCH younger children, even than the first book in the series was. They all have a strong moral message, once again something that was lacking in the core series, and are quite amusing for little kids.    As far as the actual content goes, Rowling once again does a stunning job of retelling other intellectual property and claiming it as her own, and I'm sure will soon be suing all future publishers of the actual fairytales these are based off of.     Oh well. At least she writes them well. Don't bother with this if you're not getting it for your five year old. Any children older than that would be better suited with the actual Harry Potter series.
0956010903|1.0|Pre-ordered this on the first day available as a Christmas gift for my 15-year-old HP fan daughter.  While the shipping box was cute, it was very apparent what was inside, so no surprise, since my daughter was home when it was delivered.  I requested a gift message, NO GIFT MESSAGE included.  I ordered the Collectors Edition, the inside packing information was for the Standard Edition.  Poor quality control in their packing process.    The outer book package is OK, not quite as nice as I would have expected, given the inflated cost for \\"Collector\\".  The metal pieces look as though they were not attached very well and are of pretty cheap materials.  Haven't cracked the book as I told my daughter she had to wait for some part of this for Christmas, hope there are no blank pages.    But the bitterest pill to swallow is that Amazon offered this same edition under the Customer Vote promotion at half the pre-order price (which I voted for) and then offered it at slightly lesser discount to \\"selected individuals who voted\\" (but I wasn't one of those that got selected).  All before the book was even released or shipped!!  And now, they won't even honor their own pre-order price guarantee.
B001E5FYS8|5.0|When the charismatic and daring Frenchman Philipe Petit saw a drawing of the projected twin towers of the World Trade Center, he immediately knew.  Even though they had yet to be built, he knew that someday he would have to cross them.  This intense and exhilirating documentary aims to show us how and why.  The how is easier to tell.  Its effort to explore the why is what makes this documentary much more than merely exciting.  We all need a reason to live, a passion to drive us.  The greatest passions are those that push the limits of the conceivable.<br /><br />In one of the opening scenes of the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche's [[ASIN:0521602610 Thus Spoke Zarathustra]], the would-be teacher arrives in a crowded marketplace to preach the possibility of the \\"overman,\\" the inventor of new values who would elevate humanity towards higher pursuits than merely pleasure and pain and the avoidance of death.  The crowd misunderstands him, thinking he refers to the tightrope artist who was to appear above them.<br /><br />Watching this remarkable documentary, about Philipe Petit's criminal act of performance art, it would be hard not to see that he is no ordinary man.  It would be difficult not to see in his story possibilities for a life unconstrained by the merely pragmatic concerns of day-to-day living, that reaches out beyond the possible and accepts risk in order to achieve something truly remarkable.<br /><br />Of course, as the film makes clear, Mr. Petit is by no means an \\"overman\\" -- he is remarkable and talented and charismatic but at the same time deeply flawed, notably in his seeming inability to see the immensity of the sacrifices that his friends (and lover) make for the sake of his visions.  While his crossing of the twin towers was astonishing and beautiful, it stunned me that just afterwards he could forget his friends (and lover) to pursue an amorous encounter with an admirer.  The film does not shy away from presenting his flaws, and perhaps the greatest strength of the film is to show how much his accomplishments depended on the skills and efforts of many collaborators.  It was a team project, and while the film strongly suggests that their friendships had become damaged or broken in the aftermath, it does give a strong voice to the perspectives of the many participants.<br /><br />The film is edited brilliantly, combining actual footage and newsreel with interviews and re-enactments.  The filmmakers tell the story as if it were a heist film, meticulously portraying the complex preparations that were required, with the crossing as the final prize, and gradually lay in back story to add emotional depth and significance to the final event.  I found it to be at least as intense and entertaining as any fictional heist film I've ever seen -- and I've seen quite a few.  The pacing of the film is just right.<br /><br />The music is perfect -- combining classical pieces with original compositions.  It was only on second viewing that I realized I'd heard some of the most intriguing music before, in the work of another brilliant British auteur, Peter Greenaway ([[ASIN:B000Y14U5Q The Draughtsman's Contract]], and Drowning by Numbers).  The film won top prizes at Sundance, where I had the chance to see it for the first time, taking both the Grand Jury prize and the Audience Choice award in the World Documentary category.  They were well deserved.  The film is both astonishing, complex and enormously entertaining -- and nicely gives a beautiful crime to remember in connection with the World Trade Center, as a counterpoint to the more recent atrocities.  This film is definitely not one to be missed.<br /><br />Nate Andersen<br />[...]m is to show how much his accomplishments depended on the skills and efforts of many collaborators.  It was a team project, and while the film strongly suggests that their friendships had become damaged or broken in the aftermath, it does give a strong voice to the perspectives of the many participants.      The film is edited brilliantly, combining actual footage and newsreel with interviews and re-enactments.  The filmmakers tell the story as if it were a heist film, meticulously portraying the complex preparations that were required, with the crossing as the final prize, and gradually lay in back story to add emotional depth and significance to the final event.  I found it to be at least as intense and entertaining as any fictional heist film I've ever seen -- and I've seen quite a few.  The pacing of the film is just right.      The music is perfect -- combining classical pieces with original compositions.  It was only on second viewing that I realized I'd heard some of the most intriguing music before, in the work of another brilliant British auteur, Peter Greenaway ([[ASIN:B000Y14U5Q The Draughtsman's Contract]], and Drowning by Numbers).  The film won top prizes at Sundance, where I had the chance to see it for the first time, taking both the Grand Jury prize and the Audience Choice award in the World Documentary category.  They were well deserved.  The film is both astonishing, complex and enormously entertaining -- and nicely gives a beautiful crime to remember in connection with the World Trade Center, as a counterpoint to the more recent atrocities.  This film is definitely not one to be missed.    Nate Andersen  [...]
B000096IB6|2.0|Wow. What a dud. I grew up reading Marvel comicbooks, and am embarrassed whenever I see such terrible adaptations hit the screen. And why -- leaving aside the crappy script, muddled direction, abysmal acting, murky scenery and sound design -- do they have to muck around with the original plotline so much? Why not just tell the character's story the way it was originally written? It's a shame, really.    I wish Hollywood would quit writing and producing these things by committee, and let someone with real talent and vision take on the comicbook ouvre... The prefab, market-tested, throw-in-the-kitchen-sink-too approach simply does not work. Hey Hollywood: keep it simple. (Axton)
B000GG4KTU|5.0|As a jazz record reviewer, one of the plagues of my life is the proliferation of weakly talented white-chick jazz singers. Diana Krall is one of the more reliable antidotes for that malaise, and this album is truly one of her finest. Her version of Irving Berlin's \\"Isn't It A Lovely Day\\" is reason enough to pop for this disc; it's one of the most timeless jazz vocals I've ever heard.
B001EYGOEM|5.0|I discovered Taylor Swift after the rest of the world started giving her awards.  I'm not a big country buff, but I am fairly eclectic, and I really liked what I heard of her first couple of albums on the radio.  I've been meaning to get them, but hadn't gotten around to it.  So this review doesn't consider the other two albums, except to say that her sound seems to be maturing a little.<br /><br />Every single song on this album is really good!  Her lyrics aren't really deep, but they're something just about anyone can listen to and say, \\"Yeah---I feel you!\\".  These lyrics are fresh and honest and HERS. You can tell that someone didn't give her a stack of paper and say, \\"Let's make these tracks.\\"<br /><br />The clean sound, strutting beat and her clear, passionate, sometimes playful, sometimes achy voice make this release one of the best compilations I've heard in years.  I can't wait to drive to work tomorrow -- the commute is 40 minutes and I'm looking forward to listening all over again.<br /><br />I don't know if this is going to get any play on non-country stations.  I bounce through FM stations so quickly I never know what genre is supposed to be where.  But if it isn't already, I expect this to become one of history's important crossover albums.<br /><br />This is a solid 5 in all respects.<br /><br />Update:  After listening to this album a few times, I started to get annoyed with some of the \\"I'm just a teenager\\" lyrics.  It seems to be something that needs to spend a lot of time between listens.
B000002J1L|4.0|'Nursery Cryme' is a key album for Genesis in many ways. This of course introduces Phil Collins into the band (as a drummer and singer)and the fact that they'd settled on a particular style and sound. In this case a concept album based on a series of....well nursery rhyme concepts with consistantly Enlish twists.\\"The Musical Box\\" is more or less the perfect example of the approch;a tune based in a light acoustic melody that builds in and out of flashes of rockier guitar and poignant organ solos puncuated by Peter Gabriel's flute.The lyrics even go as far as throwing in the first verse old \\"Old King Cole\\". This may sound clished but what really makes this album so interesting is what Phil Collins brings to the band and how,contrary to popular belief how well he and Gabriel's sound meshed together. Collins would later be a member of the jazz-fusion group Brand X and that comes out wonderfully,as kind of a preview of things to come,on the strongly...well jazzy drumming on the short but sweet \\"Harold The Barrel\\" and the more epic \\"The Fountain Of Salmacis\\"-this is actually a great tune that really crosses the line between jazz-fusion and prog-rock with very little distinguishing points in between. This doesn't really come as a surprise considering how close early fusion and prog rock could be to each other sometimes. There was always the possibility of longer winded tunes such as \\"The Return Of The Giant Hogweed\\" of being somewhat overblown but at the same time Genesis' music isn't alienating-it draws in the listener the same way ELO and a lot of Rush's best music does. There are of course gentle moments here such as the sort acoustic ballad \\"Harlequin\\" which is also very nice. In many ways this album is not tremendously different then it's predesessor [[ASIN:B000002NZO Trespass]] except of course Gabriel took the heavy reverb effects off his voice and let it speak for itself,which is great because Peter Gabriel always had (and still does) have one of the most natural expressive voices in rock,the same as Robert Plant and Freddie Mercury (even if they are somewhat louder). These people didn't need reverb and studio magic to enhance their voice and it was wise Gabriel dropped that heavy processing of his vocals. Well none of that matters in the end-this album crossess an important bridge for Genesis and even if a full fledged musical direction is still slightly unfocused in a few places this album is sure to grab your attention.natural expressive voices in rock,the same as Robert Plant and Freddie Mercury (even if they are somewhat louder). These people didn't need reverb and studio magic to enhance their voice and it was wise Gabriel dropped that heavy processing of his vocals. Well none of that matters in the end-this album crossess an important bridge for Genesis and even if a full fledged musical direction is still slightly unfocused in a few places this album is sure to grab your attention.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|The Dark Knight joins a group of guy films -- [[ASIN:B0019L770A The Godfather]], [[ASIN:B0019L21GA The Godfather Part II]], [[ASIN:B000O77SRC Die Hard]], [[ASIN:B000286RKW GoodFellas]], [[ASIN:B00118T63C No Country for Old Men]], [[ASIN:B0018PH3L0 Lonesome Dove]] and [[ASIN:B0002J4ZWS The Shawshank Redemption]] to name a few -- that your husband or boyfriend will watch again and again over his lifetime.<br /><br />All of these movies share flawed heroes, a seemingly unstoppable chain of violence and fatal acts of sacrifice. They are the modern day equivalent of epic poems and campfire tales, illustrating the moral dilemmas of fighting evil with evil and contemplating whether the world still needs heroes at all.<br /><br />Clocking in at just over two-and-a-half hours, the theatrical cut is slightly weighed down by several brooding speeches. However, the Joker's relentless assault never lets you rest. Make no mistake, The Dark Knight is an action film. However, the film also delivers as a thought-provoking tragedy and, in doing so, sets itself apart from every superhero film that came before it.<br /><br />P.S. Parents need to use caution. The PG-13 rating hardly reflects the film's violence and sadism. I couldn't recall another PG-13 film that had as much implied violence even though much occurs off screen. Teenagers can handle the dark crime story but this superhero film is not suitable for young children.<br /><br />As the parent of two sons, a 6-year-old and a 4-year old, I turn to these other, more age-appropriate Batman DVDs for my die-hard superhero fans: [[ASIN:B00023E894 Batman - The Animated Series]] and [[ASIN:B000FZETS4 The Batman]]. Check out my other superhero-related Amazon lists for parents.
B000089770|5.0|This film is subtlety at its finest.<br /><br />The story really is nothing like what you might see in the preview or get an idea from the cover.  It is a story about relationships and storytelling, the way we converse with one another.<br /><br />The overall plot is good, slow at times, but it is meant to be.  First time I saw it I thought it was good and boring, but over the years Smoke has grown into one of my favorite films ever to put on.<br /><br />Writing: Flawless<br />Acting: Flawless<br />Directing: Quiet and Simple, beautiful.<br /><br />Also, if you have seen \\"Blue in the Face\\", which covers more story about some of these same characters (Also by Wayne Wang), this film is SOO very different.  That movie was upbeat and silly, this one is so understated and brilliant.<br /><br />Hiding underneath it all is a soundtrack spotted with Tom Waits.  The entire ending credits acts out one of the stories told within the film to \\"Innocent When You Dream (Barroom Version)\\" by Waits.  I was amazed.  When I first saw it and even today.
B000002J1M|5.0|Of the Peter Gabriel-period Genesis releases this has to be my favorite thus far and it seems a lot of people share that opinion. As a lover of bands such as Passport,Gong,Frank Zappa and even Led Zeppelin there is music here that will please any fan of any and all of those bands. The most important part of this greatness is the fact that Genesis have really made an effort to rock out.It opens with one HECK of a tune in \\"Watcher Of The Skies\\",which is so rhythmic and even dancable that it almost qualifies as a straight jazz rocker. Your not going to hear much of a break from the heavy emphasis on hard edged rhythm in \\"Time Table\\",the great \\"Get 'Em Out By Friday or \\"Can-Utility And The Coastliners\\" except in the way that the songs have more of a build and release quality. \\"Horizons\\" isn't really a song per se but it is a nice accoustic melody before we get into \\"Supper's Ready\\". Considering the supernatural and highly surreal ramblings of this sidelong epic the song really does built and,about midway through turn into a totally different song all together. Sure it's got a lot to do with virtuouso playing and the theatric nature of Peter Gabriel's vocals. At the same time the great tunesmanship and Tony Bank's organs,mellotrons and pianos all colliding with the rhythmic rock cacophany that really draws so many people,Genesis and otherwise to this album.
B00005JPUN|2.0|Nicole Kidman has succumbed to her unflinching forehead.<br /><br />No longer able to wrinkle and bend it to project emotion, Nicole searches out blank-faced roles. As Joanna, she pretended to be a robot in [[ASIN:B0002W4UDE The Stepford Wives]] and here, as psychiatrist Carol Bennell, she spends much of her time pretending to be an emotionless alien.<br /><br />The movie can't decide its genre; a mishmash of car chases and clunky dialogue that never manages to be scary. I recommend you watch the original [[ASIN:0782009980 Invasion of the Body Snatchers]] or the 1978 remake, [[ASIN:0792838416 Invasion of the Body Snatchers]] instead.<br /><br />A more interesting approach in this film would've been to cast Kidman's real life ex-husband, Tom Cruise, as Tucker, the ex-husband who infects Carol with a gross, face-to-face vomiting sequence. Instead, we get Jeremy Northam, who despite a healthy amount of staring and stalking, never exudes the menace necessary to be cast as the main villain.<br /><br />One last note, this is the first of two movies to star Kidman and Daniel Craig. The other is [[ASIN:B00139W3NE The Golden Compass]], in which her simian counterpart projected a wider range of emotions than she did. The lack of chemistry between these two actors is surprising, especially considering Craig's resurgence in the James Bond franchise.
B00005QEO1|5.0|I had heard Aerosmith for years - back when I was in high school (I'm 45 now), and this CD made me an Aerosmith fan.  All of the songs are equally worth listening to, but I would have to say the best songs in my opinion on this CDare by far \\"Monkey On My Back,\\" \\"Hoodoo/Medicine Man,\\" with some very good instrumental mixed in (\\"The Otherside\\").  This CD (and \\"Permanent Vacation\\") has shown that Aerosmith is a very versatile rock group, which is no wonder why they have lasted this long!!  If you are an Aerosmith fan, you will not be disappointed!!
B00068TJM6|5.0|I was looking for a Chronograph watch for a long time. I wanted a well made, well weighed watch. So my search took a long way until I saw this one! What a great watch! A well built sturdy watch. One can buy this with his eyes closed. But After looking at it once, it is very difficult to take our eyes off! I am amazed by the Seiko quality. They know their job! Also like many said, the pic does not do justice. It just swallowed its convex glass and its curved interior!     Also amazon is a great place to buy. They delivered my watch on time in a very good packing with all the leaflets, warranty card, etc.     So anyone who likes to have a watch with his macho attitude written all over, Go for this!
0312945973|2.0|I am a total addict for historical fiction.  I plowed through all seven of Collen McCullough's one-thousand page each volumns of her Masters of Rome series without batting an eye.  However, I was unable to make it past fifty pages of this book. Before one attempts to write an historical novel one should take at least one college class in the subject. This story might have made it had it been pitched as a sci-fi/fantasy thing-a-majig. But as an historical novel it was just too filled with anachronisms (some were total howlers) for me to be able to buy into the \\"fictional dream\\" and go with the story.  I was also quite bothered by the first person narrator, so dreary in Historical fiction--especially when the narrator is the kingdom's number one expert in every subject imaginable.  The only redeeming factor in this book was the excellent description, which is why I gave it two stars instead of one.  But the bottom line is that there are too many other good books around for me to waste my time on this one.
0545128285|4.0|I love this book. The tales are unique, charming, and witty. The illustrations (made by JK Rowling herself!) are delicate, exquisite and picture frame-worthy. I bought this book as a UK edition in a blue goth-themed cover  - I must admit, it's more grown-up and tasteful than US version! - and I am savouring each and every line.<br /><br />I only wish this book was much longer! I cannot say the same about most Harry Potter books which were sometimes too wordy and repetitive, especially closer to the end.<br /><br />I truly believe this adorable tiny book of magic tales will outlive Harry Potter's books. I won't be ashamed to give this book to my daughter in 8-10 years from now, while the whole Harry Potter marketing bonanza will belong to the same store clearout shelve where teletubbies now live...
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Watching this DVD collection has instilled in me an appreciation of how beautiful and precious planet Earth is. Not only has this educated me about the flora and fauna of our planet, it also serves as a reminder of how fragile and precarious the Earth is right now. The series comes in 5 discs and includes \\"diary\\" sections comprising of interesting short films of how the series was made and filmed.    You haven't truly seen our home planet until you've watched \\"Planet Earth\\". Watch it, show it to your children and adopt some easy ways to save our planet Earth!
B001EYGOG0|5.0|Tony Bennett's \\"A Swingin' Christmas\\" and [[ASIN:B000002AT2 Snowfall: The Tony Bennett Christmas Album]] are two of the most remarkable and my top favorite Christmas albums that totally impressed my ears for the many beautiful things they are made of. This is truly a winning Christmas album that I merrily recommend to be a part of your Christmas celebrations. Likewise, it is a perfect stocking stuffer.<br /><br />With this Christmas album, Tony Bennett presents notable Christmas carols recorded in the most charming settings starting off with the swingiest version of \\"I'll Be Home For Christmas.\\" Its engaging Big Band chart arrangement is such a delight to listen to and it sets the tone to the rest of the tracks with Big Band arrangements such as \\"Silver Bells,\\" \\"Winter Wonderland,\\" \\"My Favorite Things,\\" \\"Santa Claus Is Coming To Town\\" which features Andy Snitzer playing tenor sax solo, and \\"I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm,\\" an attractive duet with his daughter, Antonia Bennett, whose charming vocal style is something Mr. Bennett should be proud of.<br /><br />The beauty and charms of this Christmas offering is magnified by the backing of some of the finest musicians in the music world. A big thanks to Monty Alexander and Lee Musiker who will dazzle you with their extraordinary talents in piano. There's Toots Thielemans to beguile you with his exceptional ability in playing his harmonica flawlessly in \\"All I Want For Christmas Is You.\\" There's Gray Sargent to delight you with his great guitar artistry. There's Paul Longosch to enthrall you with his ingenuity in bass playing. There's Harold Jones to stun you with his incredible flair in drums. There's the 13-piece Count Basie Orchestra to astound you with its Big Band style. And not to mention some of the greatest arrangers whose works are top-notch, masterful and astonishing, Bill Holman, Torrie Zito, Frank Foster and Lee Musiker.<br /><br />Aside from the Big-Band-arranged-tracks, I also love Tony Bennett's wonderful take on one of my seasonal favorites, \\"Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas\\" executed in a beautiful fashion that makes it one of the best versions ever recorded.<br /><br />In closing, here's a verse from my topmost choice here, \\"A Christmas Waltz,\\" a Christmas gem from the pens of two brilliant songwriters from Tin Pan Alley, lyricist Sammy Cahn and composer Jule Styne.<br /><br />\\"Every song you hear seems to say<br />Merry Christmas<br />May your New Year dreams come true<br />And this song of mine<br />In three-quarter time<br />Wishes you and yours<br />The same thing too\\"seasonal favorites, \\"Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas\\" executed in a beautiful fashion that makes it one of the best versions ever recorded.     In closing, here's a verse from my topmost choice here, \\"A Christmas Waltz,\\" a Christmas gem from the pens of two brilliant songwriters from Tin Pan Alley, lyricist Sammy Cahn and composer Jule Styne.    \\"Every song you hear seems to say  Merry Christmas  May your New Year dreams come true  And this song of mine  In three-quarter time  Wishes you and yours  The same thing too\\"
B000R7HY0K|5.0|first of all, if i saw planet terror first, i would never ever have seen this movie.  i'm not into gore- and let's face it planet terror was all about it.  this movie simply put...rocks. it is full of q's dialogue and has little details from kill bill-did you catch them?  the car scene is all you really need to watch though.  zoe bell is amazing. i fell for her i'm not going to lie.  seriously just watch it once then just go straight to the car scene every time after.
B000XA5K48|5.0|i loved this movie! it was so rediculously hilarious and over the top. i love the fact that alot of people didn't realize this was supposed to be funny not serious. duh! lol
B000I0QL82|5.0|I must say that when i was younger (not too long ago since i am only in my 30's now), black & white movies were something i would never even consider watching. Then i met my wife. She got me started with movies like the Maltese Falcon and Casablanca. Then i caught this movie on TMC one night and the next day i had to go out and buy it. Not excatly an all out Christmas movie, but i feel the need to watch it every Christmas anyway. Did not get this one from Amazon, but still a great movie. Fred Astaire is an amazing performer and you need to open your mind to new things if you have never considered watching a movie like this. It is rare to find a perfomance like this and getting rarer by the day. There is no one to fill the shoes of Fred Astaire or even the more modern Gregory Hines these days. We are stuck with silicone implants and dubbed over tracks made for lipsyncing to...<br /><br />Add this to your collection because 20 years from now your grandchildren will be watching Britney Spears videos thinking that was the best talent America had....
B00168OINK|4.0|When I first hears about \\"Kung-Fu Panda\\", I groaned - Not another cute little animated movie with inside jokes for adults..    But I was presently surprised, this movie presents familiar material in a fresh, fun manner. The animation is top notch as well. Kids can watch this and not get bored and adults will enjoy it as well.
B0018QOIXU|3.0|I was moved by her version of \\"Make you feel my love\\" but that was about it.  I listened to the entire CD several times and it was... okay.  I wasn't blown away by it, but she does have a unique voice.  Make sure you preview the songs before you decide to buy.
B0018CWEYY|1.0|I don't think even the Sleestack can save this mess of a show. The first few episodes showed so much promise - but the writers did nothing with this show. Its a confused pile of bad ideas. I tried watching some shows from this season - it was painful. Madison Ave. can put on something better between soap commercials.
0930289234|4.0|Powerful story, fine art, an intriguing mix of stories within stories.  Basically we have a set of back stories illuminating the lives of the heroes, mixed with intercut 'documents' and an overarching narrative concerning a putative plot to eliminate the heroes so that some grand, dark event can occur without their interference.  To summarize would be to spoil.  Suffice to say, that all of the narrative lines converge, an event occurs and the aftermath becomes the subject of controversial reflection.  As the main narrative proceeds, a second narrative parallels it (from a comic book read by a young bystander within the principal narrative).  The interplay between these two narratives is central to the final resolution, in my opinion, but I can't describe it without spoiling the principal narrative.  The architectonics of the plots are very impressive and engaging, though the greatest amount of attention is likely to be focused upon the aftermath of the 'event' and the degree to which one 'agrees' with it.  Highly recommended.  This is the graphic novel as true art.
0688145078|4.0|We looked around for quite a while for a book like this for our son, who will be 21 months when his baby brother is born, and I'm glad we chose \\"I'm a Big Brother.\\" The drawings are extremely cute, and the text is upbeat and appropriate for a younger child. It really focuses on the positives of being a big brother (for example, being old enough to play with toys and eat yummy things like pizza and ice cream).<br /><br />While my son is still pretty little, and I don't know if he really gets the concept of \\"there's a baby coming to live with us,\\" he seems to enjoy reading this book a lot and likes pointing out the baby, the various toys, etc.<br /><br />My only complaint is that I would have liked a little less emphasis on the bottle. Whenever we read this, I mention to my son that that's ONE way that babies can eat, but other babies drink milk straight from their mommies, and some babies do both. It's not a huge deal, but I did find it a little annoying that both books we got on this subject (the other is \\"The New Baby\\" by Mercer Mayer) have bottle-feeding.
B001EN71DG|1.0|Sorry Lucas, I ain't playing your game. I'll wait for a remastered Blu ray edition... which probably will be re-released every two years itself.
1400064287|5.0|Really enjoyed this book.  Concepts are great and the examples illustrated the concepts very well.  If you want to learn the keys to communicating concepts or ideas model the steps from Made to Stick.  It stays in my library.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|2008-12-08
B001GQACGO|4.0|Though I have to agree that some songs make me hit \\"next\\", overall, I really love this collection. Her voice, life and lyrics are maturing and I believe this collections demonstrates that. I don't buy a lot of CDs, but I'm glad I bought this one.
B000HEWEE4|2.0|I thought this movie would be really great but was somewhat disappointed byt he end. The movie was boring and predictable, not to mention confusing. I really did expect better from these actors. I won't say this film is terrible but it definitely lacks interest.
0812550706|5.0|It has been a while since I've read a book that was momentous, that you knew was something great as you were reading it, something that stood for something more than simply the storyline.  Usually it is found in fiction, such as Faulkner's Absalom, Absalom!, Morrison's Paradise and Steinbeck's East of Eden.  Tolkien in fantasy did it.  But I've never come across a book in science fiction that could evoke such a feeling.  To this point I've loved science fiction for entertainment, for a fun and interesting and different genre to read.  With Ender's Game I was finally introduced to all of that, plus the great writing and true and deep story that made the above mentioned books so great.  I didn't think sci fi could do it, but Card certainly did it.    There isn't anything awe inspiring, earth shattering, or fly by the seat of your pants action.  What Card does is inspire the characters, gives them a human feel, and then puts them in impossible situations that they can exceed in.  Little Ender was the best of the best, and he continually accomplished everything he put his mind to.  Card doesn't trivialize this or hide it.  In fact it is made clear from the beginning.  What makes this so believable is the emotions that little Ender Wiggin goes through that makes him so great.  This was what Card excelled at, in giving Ender a human face that the reader could sympathize with, could laugh with, could cheer on and believe in.  Add to that a fluid storyline that had nary a hiccup, and you have one amazing science fiction novel.    I particularly liked how each chapter started with a third person omniscience, letting the reader spy on the overseers of the children, spy on the commanders and leaders of Earth.  Their insights helped guide the novel, yet not diminish what was happening.  A literary device that added flavor and character to the story itself.    I can't say enough about this book.  I am sad that it took me this long to finally get around to reading it.  Ender's Game is an absolute gem of a book that any sci fi lover should read, and, dare I say, others not interested in sci fi should read as well.  A definite recommend for the book and the author.    5 stars.
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|I paid to see this movie 8 times and I loved it.  My daughters (15 & 12) went with me each time bringing along extras (grandmas, friends, aunts) and we'd still be hitting the theatres if it were still showing.  Can't wait for the dvd to hit my mailbox.  Yes, Brosnan can't hold a tune; but I give him credit for the attempt.  If he hadn't people would be complaining about that.  Meryl Streep was awesome.  The camera work could have been better in parts but it was still cute and the songs rocked.
B0011NVC98|1.0|To each their own, something that applies very aptly to this 'title'.  'Beowulf' the great ancient classic of one of the greatest Norse warrior/cheiftans is a story that has been done a few times but never done well.  And this film does not veer from that formula, by failing in the essential re-telling of the classic tale.  I realise that a movie like this can not mirror the story-telling 100%, but to bastardize the story so greatly is a great dis-service to this epic poem.      The writers or who ever adapting this tale must of been on good drugs or had someone re-tell the story because making Beowulf a dishonest failure is not what this story should have been.  Beowulf is one of the greatest heroes ever, and I've read the story and written many an essay on the subject for university, I love the story, so seeing this film was like getting kicked somewhere not too fun.  Yes, the major characters are there, and nope none of them are played that well Grendel is made into an odd looking creature that sounds like the Swedish Chef's bizarre son that was hidden away for about 40 years.  Grendel's mother, is made into some sort of seductress, perhaps the only reason for that is as a selling point, because Grendel's mother is a swamp hag and very much the mother of a hideous creature like Grendel, and oddly she turns into a dragon, something that has never happened in the book or any translation that I've ever read.  Yes there is a dragon in the original tale but it was nothing more than a dragon not some mystical sexy witch.  I know that with such an ancient story like Beowulf some liberties will be taken in the re-telling, it is derived from a verbal tradition, things change, and of course someone wants to make it their own version, but this film is the failed attempt at re-inventing the wheel.    Sure the visual aspect can be considered somewhat interesting, but the story still falls flat with poor acting, a story that isn't done properly and does not adhere to the original theme of Beowulf being the greatest in a tradition that exhalted their heroes.  I half expected Uwe Boll's name to be passing by at the credits, I wouldn't even suggest this title as a rental, read a book or look into Beowulf and Grendel with Gerard Butler, that one is actually very interesting.
B000P0J0A6|5.0|Good movie for pre-teens and up. Contains blender and microwave scenes that might be a bit intense for very young kids.
159102594X|5.0|In a word, \\"Awesome\\"!  This is a character and dialogue driven series that has dashes of \\"classic\\" fantasy with a hefty dose of realism and very believable real world character development.    In this book the ground work is laid for the next two books as the characters and plot are presented to the reader and the envelping story is unfolded.  Pleanty of action and active character development occure in this and over the next two books as the suprises begin to appear and the plot develops.  The final revelations delight, horrify, shock, amaze and satisfy all!    The dry humor and sardonic observations made by the characters in this book (and the entire series) will be appreciated by those who recognize it as not only priceless commentary on the characters in the series, but also as secondary commentaries on our society and lives in general.    A first rate series in every sense of the word!
B001F7XIJW|5.0|I ended up being introduced to Gojira a few years back when they opened for a concert I was attending (can't remember the headliner, but The Haunted were playing as well).  Although they had a short set, the fired up the crowd with a few amazing songs (mostly from their last album 'From Mars to Sirius').  Needless to say, I was hooked, and ended up loving all their releases up to that point.    Flash forward to today.  I was extremely excited about this release, and, after hearing \\"Vacuity\\" on the band's myspace, knew that this album would be absolutely brilliant - and they did not disappoint.  Whether pushing boundaries of the heaviness of their music (\\"Toxic Garbage Island\\", \\"Wolf Down the Earth\\"), their experimental side (\\"A Sight to Behold\\", like death metal rap), or their melodic side (\\"Oroborus\\"), every aspect of their music has been expanded upon.  And the riffs, oh, the riffs... from the awesome tapping intro of \\"Oroborus\\" to the off-kilter headbanging madness of \\"The Way of All Flesh\\", this album is full of amazing riffs.  I can hear many influences, from Meshuggah to Cynic, although the latter is mainly in the use of pseudo robot voice (listen to Cynic, then you'll understand).  The only downside is the lyrics, which can be extremely comical at times (read, from \\"Toxic Garbage Island\\": \\"PLAAASTIC BAG IN THE SEEEA!!!!\\"), but then again, these guys like screaming about love and environmentalism, so how could some of that not sound strange?  I still enjoy it, it's a nice change in lyrical content.  All in all, this album takes everything they've done in the past, expands and improves upon it, and makes one of the best metal offerings in 2008.  If you like their back catalog, I would give this a try, it is really that good.    Also, check these guys out live, they perform these songs flawlessly.
0321356683|5.0|As Java evolves and there are more ways to do things, it's getting more important to learn which idioms to use to benefit from library and language features. Effective Java is a well written book  that will help new programmers learn how the right way to solve problems, and provide experienced programmers with a refresher course so that they can break out of bad habits, and make use of new library and language features. Read or skim the book from start to finish to get a sense of what's there, and keep it nearby when you are coding as a reference.
B000066C1N|5.0|Possibly one of my very favorite movie soundtracks...ever. I'm bit into buying movie soundtracks...especially scores...and Hans Zimmer is one of my favorites. Bryan Adams does a WONDERFUL job in this movie, the rock mixing perfectly with Zimmer's score and portraying Spirit's--well--spirit. I love it and would recommend it to just about anyone.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|\\"The Dark Knight\\" continues on the same path that \\"Batman Begins\\" left off at; straight ahead with engines going full steam.  Judging by how much money this film grossed at the box office, I'm assuming you all know what it's about.  For those of you don't, Batman (Christian Bale) battles the Joker (Heath Ledger) again, but the 1989 original doesn't have squat on \\"The Dark Knight.\\"    Before anybody bashes my review, I'd just like to point out that I always have and always will be a huge fan of Tim Burton's \\"Batman.\\"  It is no doubt a classic.  Looking back on it, however much a classic it is, \\"Batman\\" seems a bit childish.  A simple remake wouldn't cut it, and Christopher Nolan understands that.  Which is why he made \\"The Dark Knight\\" deliver what the original couldn't...more action and a more adult oriented film for the generation that demands it.    \\"The Dark Knight\\" is pretty much the original \\"Batman\\" on mass quantities of steroids.  In other words, it is bulked up on everything...the acting, the action, the plot.  The story goes deeper, the tone is darker and grittier, the action was plentiful, and the acting was phenomenal.  Obviously the big to talk about with the acting was Heath Ledger as the Joker, at which he was simply amazing.  He really steals the show and this is possibly the most memorable performance of his career.    \\"The Dark Knight\\" is a bit lengthy, in fact it's the longest Batman film in the franchise, but that shouldn't be a deterrent seeing as how it's so entertaining you won't want to take your eyes off the screen.  You've seen the TV commercials flaunting how incredible it looks, and probably 95% of you saw it in theaters with the majority of that population thoroughly enjoying it.  Clearly, it's a no-brainer that you should add this to your personal collection.
0316017922|5.0|Malcolm Gladwell's latest book, Outliers, is a fantastic attempt to reverse engineer the world's most successful people.  He dispels the popular notion that successful people are simply more gifted than the rest of us.  Instead he attributes their success to a combination of luck, hard work and time.  Ultimately, he concludes that mastery of most things happens at around 10,000 hours of focused practice. Being the first to reach 10,000 hours of practice is an enormous advantage and often comes down to luck.       For example, most professional hockey players were born between January and March.  This gives them a significant advantage since the most talented hockey players are selected for exclusive club teams when they are around 10 years old.  At this time, hockey players born early in the year are around 10% older than those born at the end of the year.  Therefore, they are bigger and more coordinated.  Once they've been selected for the special club teams they receive better coaching and face tougher competition.  Most importantly they practice significantly more hours every week - putting them on the fast track to mastery.    The same principle applies to software entrepreneurs born around 1955.  These were among the first people to have the opportunity to use time sharing terminals - which made it possible to quickly rack up 10,000 hours of programming time.  Because of several lucky coincidences, Bill Gates may have been the only 13-year old in the world with nearly unlimited access to a time sharing terminal in 1968.  This gave him a substantial head start in getting to 10,000 hours.  Similar stories explain other wealthy software entrepreneurs born around 1955 including Steve Jobs, Paul Allen, Steve Ballmer, Eric Schmidt, Bill Joy, Scott McNealy, Vinod Khosla, and Andy Bechtolsheim.       Gladwell doesn't claim that successful people lack special talent; he simply concludes that being gifted alone is not enough for success.  Mastery requires time, effort and lucky circumstances.    On my blog,[....], I relate the book back to my own attempts to master the go to market process.  Here is a link to the entire review: [....]
B000002LK1|5.0|Violator is not only the best Depeche Mode record.... It maybe the BEST record to come out of the 80's or 90's.
0316067601|5.0|Once I started reading it I simply couldn't put it down. Absolutely engaging and written in a manner that will keep you turning the page! Would make anyone proud to be American and reminds me of the values that has made this country great. And this is coming from someone who has been called a liberal at times. Go figure.
B000067G3C|5.0|I am using this film as a teaching tool for my bus operators to teach situations that may occur if a bus is hijacked, once they have done all the state requirements, I show the films.
0064410935|3.0|Having a dual form of dyslexia I did not learn to read until later in life. Thus I never read children's books while a child. Maybe that is why I read so many still today. I read this as part of a children's literature course in university.<br /><br />It is an interesting book, about friendship, commitment, compassion, change and death. As such it deals with a lot of the big questions of life in ways a child can grasp.<br /><br />For me the most moving part was when Wilber confessed to Charlotte that he did not like the thought of her as a blood sucker, towards the end of her life. Only true friends can be that open and honest.<br /><br />The book is a powerful tale of true friendship and how our close friends can transform not only us but those around us.
B001G9LVGG|5.0|This woman is awesome!  What a clear, beautiful voice. Excellent. Ethereal, she is an amazing talent.
0141317345|3.0|Having a dual form of dyslexia I did not learn to read until later in life. Thus I never read children's books while a child. Maybe that is why I read so many still today. I read this as part of a children's literature course in university.<br /><br />It is an interesting book, about friendship, commitment, compassion, change and death. As such it deals with a lot of the big questions of life in ways a child can grasp.<br /><br />For me the most moving part was when Wilber confessed to Charlotte that he did not like the thought of her as a blood sucker, towards the end of her life. Only true friends can be that open and honest.<br /><br />The book is a powerful tale of true friendship and how our close friends can transform not only us but those around us.<br /><br />(First written as Journal Reading Notes in 1999.)
B00003CXFV|4.0|This is the best movie starting Julia Robert I've ever seen so far (2008).  It's engaging, disturbing and touching. It deeply moved me seeing Julia struggling to raise her kids by herself and doing a good job at work. It vividly potrayed the cruelty of the corporate which knew their waste was killing people. But they arrograntly denied it.    Julia's acting is superb. The fact that this film is based on a true story does increase its entertaining value.
0061127760|3.0|Having a dual form of dyslexia I did not learn to read until later in life. Thus I never read children's books while a child. Maybe that is why I read so many still today. I read this as part of a children's literature course in university.<br /><br />It is an interesting book, about friendship, commitment, compassion, change and death. As such it deals with a lot of the big questions of life in ways a child can grasp.<br /><br />For me the most moving part was when Wilber confessed to Charlotte that he did not like the thought of her as a blood sucker, towards the end of her life. Only true friends can be that open and honest.<br /><br />The book is a powerful tale of true friendship and how our close friends can transform not only us but those around us.<br /><br />(First written as Journal Reading Notes in 1999.)
B001EO2UJK|5.0|I've been a recording engineer for over 20 years and I'm also a big early Genesis fan. When I first read some of these reviews I was excited to hear good things about the over all sound quality. I then saw some negative reviews citing over compression and bad mastering. I just got the box set a few days ago and these are definitely remixes (not just remasters) and they are MUCH better overall. You will hear different vocal tracks on occasion and the vocals generally louder. The drum sounds, guitar tones, bass tones and keyboard sounds are all much improved. The thing about the original recording of these albums (especially Trespass, Nursery Cryme and Foxtrot) is they were done on a tight budget and really are very poor mixes. I think anyone who listens to the new mixes a few times and then goes back to the original recordings will realize how much better these mixes are. The DVD's are also great with just about all live footage from that era and great interviews with all band members done in 2007.    A Must Have! for any PG era Genesis fans
0140301852|3.0|Having a dual form of dyslexia I did not learn to read until later in life. Thus I never read children's books while a child. Maybe that is why I read so many still today. I read this as part of a children's literature course in university.<br /><br />It is an interesting book, about friendship, commitment, compassion, change and death. As such it deals with a lot of the big questions of life in ways a child can grasp.<br /><br />For me the most moving part was when Wilber confessed to Charlotte that he did not like the thought of her as a blood sucker, towards the end of her life. Only true friends can be that open and honest.<br /><br />The book is a powerful tale of true friendship and how our close friends can transform not only us but those around us.<br /><br />(First written as Journal Reading Notes in 1999.)
B000PE8DXM|5.0|My son had just turned two and we bough this for him for Christmas.  It is still one of his favorites a year later.  The garage itself is sturdy wood, nontoxic vegetable based paint.  Note, my son tripped and hit his face on it and the garage held up fine. (so did he)  Only downside is that you can put things in the elevator shaft, but no biggie, just take it apart and remove item.  May want to put electrical tape in the side holes....  Overall, we have added to this with the road and rail set, and Thomas the train is compatable with this as is Melissa and Doug track :)
0061124958|3.0|Having a dual form of dyslexia I did not learn to read until later in life. Thus I never read children's books while a child. Maybe that is why I read so many still today. I read this as part of a children's literature course in university.<br /><br />It is an interesting book, about friendship, commitment, compassion, change and death. As such it deals with a lot of the big questions of life in ways a child can grasp.<br /><br />For me the most moving part was when Wilber confessed to Charlotte that he did not like the thought of her as a blood sucker, towards the end of her life. Only true friends can be that open and honest.<br /><br />The book is a powerful tale of true friendship and how our close friends can transform not only us but those around us.<br /><br />(First written as Journal Reading Notes in 1999.)
B001GKJ2E8|4.0|Though Wanted lacks in actual coherent plot and story, it more than makes up for it with all the action and cool special effects. Basically, this is your typical eye-candy flick with added benefits. One, the acting is actually quite good, especially by James McAvoy. He really gets into his character and it makes the movie feel less wasted because you can tell that he actually cares.    Two, the visuals are pretty darn cool. Probably some of the best all year. From the car chase to the train scene to the body poundings- it's all very cool to watch. Angelina Jolie also has a blast with her role as the mysterious vixen who tries to lure McAvoy's character to her little world of bullet dogders and assassins. And of course there is Morgan Freeman doing what he does best-acting and making it look ridiculously easy.    Though of course there are comparisons to the Matrix (snicker,  yea right-like you can really compare) but Wanted beats to a slightly different drum. There is PLENTY of action, which is a good thing because it distracts from the fact that the plot is overblown and convoluted and plain silly. This movie will leave you scratching your head but you'll forget all about the questionable plot in favour of that gorgeous looking Dodge Viper...
0060882611|3.0|Having a dual form of dyslexia I did not learn to read until later in life. Thus I never read children's books while a child. Maybe that is why I read so many still today. I read this as part of a children's literature course in university.<br /><br />It is an interesting book, about friendship, commitment, compassion, change and death. As such it deals with a lot of the big questions of life in ways a child can grasp.<br /><br />For me the most moving part was when Wilber confessed to Charlotte that he did not like the thought of her as a blood sucker, towards the end of her life. Only true friends can be that open and honest.<br /><br />The book is a powerful tale of true friendship and how our close friends can transform not only us but those around us.<br /><br />(First written as Journal Reading Notes in 1999.)
B000URDE2Y|5.0|just  to say , ive been so tired of  detractors claiming robin is a mere hendrix clone, this lp and the vast array of his lps tapes and online videos show a tremendous artist with incredible talent . I really dig fool and me on this lp . Its so good you can just flip the vinyl and keep playing it over and over. HoPefully, he can continue to jam, a living legacy of the best of rock and roll
B0013L6DAG|3.0|Having a dual form of dyslexia I did not learn to read until later in life. Thus I never read children's books while a child. Maybe that is why I read so many still today. I read this as part of a children's literature course in university.<br /><br />It is an interesting book, about friendship, commitment, compassion, change and death. As such it deals with a lot of the big questions of life in ways a child can grasp.<br /><br />For me the most moving part was when Wilber confessed to Charlotte that he did not like the thought of her as a blood sucker, towards the end of her life. Only true friends can be that open and honest.<br /><br />The book is a powerful tale of true friendship and how our close friends can transform not only us but those around us.
B000ZN803G|4.0|In Sean Penn's magnificently acted film Into the Wild we get the story of Christopher McCandless (Emile Hirsch) who abandons his upper middle class existence to go an adventure first to the American West and then into the deep wilds of Alaska. Based on the book by Jon Krakauer, Penn does an admirable job telling the story of a youthful nomad in the early 1990's.    The cast features great performances by nearly all players. From the bewildered parents (William Hurt and Marcia Gay Harden), to the sister who deeply loves her brother and is troubled by his actions (Jena Malone) to the friends he meets along the way: aging hippie couple Jan and Rainey (Catherine Keener and Brian Dierker), midwestern farmer (Vince Vaughn) to kindly old man who wants to adopt him (Hal Holbrook) all play a part in showing Christopher the meaning of happiness. There can only be true happiness when it is shared with others.    The film apart from the acting looks remarkable. Cinematographer Eric Gautier does Oscar worthy work here and his work on locatio in Alaska is breathtaking. Also worthy of mention is the music. The score by Michael Brook and Kaki King with songs by Eddie Vedder add considerably to the overall viewing experience.    I viewed the HD disc by Paramount and was quite pleased with the presentation. The one minus is that there are not the wealth of special features found on the two disc standard definition set. The bonus features consist of roughly 37 minutes of features on the casting and making of the film.    While not the happiest film of the year it is well worth checking out and is quite an achievement for Sean Penn.    Recommended.
B000XXC070|3.0|Having a dual form of dyslexia I did not learn to read until later in life. Thus I never read children's books while a child. Maybe that is why I read so many still today. I read this as part of a children's literature course in university.<br /><br />It is an interesting book, about friendship, commitment, compassion, change and death. As such it deals with a lot of the big questions of life in ways a child can grasp.<br /><br />For me the most moving part was when Wilber confessed to Charlotte that he did not like the thought of her as a blood sucker, towards the end of her life. Only true friends can be that open and honest.<br /><br />The book is a powerful tale of true friendship and how our close friends can transform not only us but those around us.<br /><br />(First written as Journal Reading Notes in 1999.)
0977326403|3.0|\\"Good to Great and the Social Sectors\\" claim that the \\"Good to Great\\" concepts are applicable to social sectors too, with little or no modification. Jim compares and contrasts the difference in challenges between business sector & social sector. The amount of research done to substantiate the material is less when compared to the original \\"Good to Great\\". However, the facts presented are convincing enough.<br /><br />Reading \\"Good to Great\\" is a pre-requisite for this book. You would not be able to fully appreciate the material without reading \\"Good to Great\\". I would recommend this book for leaders of non-profit organizations.
0060845945|3.0|Having a dual form of dyslexia I did not learn to read until later in life. Thus I never read children's books while a child. Maybe that is why I read so many still today. I read this as part of a children's literature course in university.<br /><br />It is an interesting book, about friendship, commitment, compassion, change and death. As such it deals with a lot of the big questions of life in ways a child can grasp.<br /><br />For me the most moving part was when Wilber confessed to Charlotte that he did not like the thought of her as a blood sucker, towards the end of her life. Only true friends can be that open and honest.<br /><br />The book is a powerful tale of true friendship and how our close friends can transform not only us but those around us.<br /><br />(First written as Journal Reading Notes in 1999.)
B001J53X9U|3.0|While this flick is miles better than the filth that was Batman and Robin it is not without its flaws.  First of all the movie is way too long with several scenes being far more expansive than they needed to be and others that should have been cut outright.  It also seems to suffer from the \\"will it ever end\\" syndrome that many accused Return of the King of and while I didn't feel that the numerous endings that occurred during the ending to a three part saga, I couldn't help but feel like the film had reached a satisfying conclusion halfway through.  As with many other comic book films of late there seems to be a tendency to throw two villains against one hero.  Its the flaw of the comic book to movies genre that while comic books tend to draw out a narrative over several issues a film must be wrapped up in two to three hours requiring the viewer to be tossed from one action sequence to the next with rare pauses for exposition.  While this film is a bit better creating the atmosphere and fleshing out the characters it still seems like they tried to cram too much in.  It would be unfair not to mention Heath Ledgers performance in any review and I have to say I loved his Joker.  I still have yet to see my perfect on screen version of the Joker but Heath is far and away the best yet.  An entertaining but far from perfect film.
B00005JLWN|5.0|Christian Bale and Taye Diggs did a fantastic job in this movie and we can't forget the commanding scenes with Sean Bean and Emily Watson in the film.  I think Christian Bale proved in this film that he was ready to be Batman.  It was in a sense a feature length introduction<br /><br />At the end of the day though this movie is Kurt Wimmer's.  He's a very experienced playwright.  He demonstrated that he can write an engaging story that has developed almost a cult following years after the production and release of Equilibrium.  As a director, he worked within his budget and came up with all kinds of innovative ideas on how to make the movie shine.  His hard work comes across in this movie and I have to applaud him for such talent.<br /><br />With this directorial debut, he has proven that he can step out of the purely creative chair of writing a play and has demonstrated that he can juggle all of the pieces of a film direction to create on the screen.  Its not an easy job that many get wrong.  Wimmer gets it right, and he gets it right in a responsible and hard working fashion very unlike many new directors who simply look through the lens and accept what's there.  Wimmer is the opposite.  He puts what he needs into the screen and he considers what it will cost him to put a certain effect into the screen and when he needs to conserve budget, he comes up with an interesting trick - like simply having the muzzle lights light a scene: very unique and interesting.<br /><br />The story is strong from a science fiction standpoint.  Think Farenheit 451 plus the Matrix all mixed into one but without the gigantic budget of the Matrix.  The director and crew had to work here to take a small budget and stretch it.  The studio probably gave him Christian Bale who was a rising star and needed a movie like this and a modest budget and Wimmer had to make it work - and he did wonderfully.<br /><br />Not only that, this movie has a great cult following.  It would be great to see another Kurt Wimmer directed movie.  I wonder what he could produce with a larger budget?<br /><br />If you're a student of Art and movies, see this movie - you'll see the hard work.<br /><br />If you're a fan of Christian Bale, Sean Bean, Emily Watson, or Tye Diggs -- this is a great B budget movie that elevates itself to A status through its tremendous actors, original story, and extremely hard work by a director who is taking the director's chair for the first time.I wonder what he could produce with a larger budget?    If you're a student of Art and movies, see this movie - you'll see the hard work.    If you're a fan of Christian Bale, Sean Bean, Emily Watson, or Tye Diggs -- this is a great B budget movie that elevates itself to A status through its tremendous actors, original story, and extremely hard work by a director who is taking the director's chair for the first time.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|The product was shipped quickly and i received exactly what I ordered.  Thank you for the excellent service!!  Will buy from you again.
B000P0J0AQ|5.0|It's 1999.  The worls is about to experience an event that will in many ways, determine the parameters of popular art within the realm of the most popular and influential of the popular arts, the world of Commercial Film.  With THE MATRIX the Wachowski brothers create and present a perfect example of what the Sci-Fi Adventure film of the hypothetical future would be in the actual future.  THE MATRIX, though perfectly self-contained, and received with enthusiasm by the public, would demand a sequel.  The Wachowskis would quickly provide two of them, and these subsequent films would amaze audiences by not only fulfilling the plot and motivatIon factors of the original story, but by becoming in unforseen ways, movies deeper, more profound and intellectually demanding; in other words, superior to the template from which they sprang.        It all begins with the pulsing of a cursor light on an unattended computer monitor screen.    Question:  What if you woke one day to find and to follow a sequence of remarkale evnts that led to the realizaion that the world around you, including all your most intimate associations, those given to you by your senses, was merely an illusion, a construct desined to control you, subliminally, for the beneift of un-alive, half-beings fundamenally unlike yourelf?  What would you do?  What could you do?  What if all this were \\"a world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.\\"  What then?     (1)  Would you quit your Programmer job?      (2)  Would you Join a band of cyber-space rebels?  What if you were invited into it by someone irresistably attractive?    (3)  What if the doping, pleasure-driven Web rebels knew you only  by your Net pseudonym, and accepted  you totally for what you only partly believed yourself to be?  Could you accept them?    (4)  What if the leader of the Web rebels believed in you and your destiny, devoutly, and showed you that he'd been for most of his life dedicated to your appearance, and what if he were able to show you both your orignis and your destiny?  Would you believe and follow him?    (5)  And what if this man, this dangerous outlaw,  believed you were the savior of \\"the world\\" or, of Humanity?    (6)  And what if he were able to show you in a convincing way, what reality was, and how you were trapped in the lie of it?    (7) And what if he were to introduce you to a clairvoyant who, though socially inappropriate, read the future?  Would you accept her message?    (8)  Would you, as one of the fugitive band of time-travellers beyond the Matrix, join in a battle with the mechanized forces of the Matrix itself?  Would you confront it's terrifying and powerful agents?  At he risk of your life?    (9)  Braving discomfort, bad food, and sensual deprivation, would you risk your identity and your ideal self to battle against the authoritarian agents of the Matrix?    (10)  And would you risk everything for someone who believed in you absoluely, and loved you beyond anything you'd peviously imagined?    (11)  And betrayal?  It is inevitable.  Will you be able to face it and survive?    Phrophecy is funny:  People only talk about it, when they talk about it, to show they don't believe in it.  Mark of a decadent age.  A lack of moral imagination is the hallmark of decay.  Weep, my friends.  But, a voice speaks through the modem.  It says, \\"I know you are out there.  I can feel you now.  I know that  you're afraid.  You're afrid of us; afraid of change.  I don't know the future.  I didn't come here to tell you how this will end.  I came here to tell you how this is going to begin.  I'm going to hang up this phone and I'm going to show these people what you don't want them to see.  I'm gong to show them a world without rules or conrols; without boundaries; a world where anything is possible.  Where we go from there is up to you.\\"'    The Wachowski brothers who produced this film are said to hail from Chicago.  In that city adults tell children that the (arctic) climate builds character.  Perhaps it may.  Adversity has strange offspring.  Who knows what may, or may not have come out of that brutally cold, utterly corrupt but quintessentially American city?
B00005UKE0|3.0|I first owned the three-record set and later purchased the CD. The songs were great but the production was murky. I recently purchased the remastered CD, hoping for better production. I was disappointed. Some songs sound great: I'd Have You Anytime, My Sweet Lord, If Not for You, Run of the Mill, Apple Scruffs, and I Dig Love are clean and the guitars sound bright and clear. Many of the other songs, however, still sound like mud. The lead guitar is often barely audible in songs like Wah-Wah, Let It Down, Beware of Darkness, Ballad Of Sir Frankie Crisp, Awaiting On You All, and Isn't It a Pity, which is a shame because the playing is so gorgeous. Even songs like What is Life and Art of Dying could be improved if the guitars were louder and the background cleaner. Too much of the sound gets mushed together. I don't know whose fault this is - could be the producer or the sound mixer. The remastered cd provides little improvement in the production of most of the songs that include vocals. On the other hand, the sound of the instrumental songs (what was originally the third record of the three-record set) is much cleaner, though no one should purchase this CD for these instrumentals.    Ideally, Emd/Capitol should issue a one-CD version of this album, deleting the instrumentals (no one buys this cd for the instrumentals), adding I Live for You (which is on this CD) and You (which is on Extra Texture but was originally recorded during the All Things Must Pass sessions), cleaning up the wall of Sound (My Sweet Lord and Apple Scruffs are examples of good production for this music) and putting the guitars (lead and acoustic), piano, drums, and base up front and finally giving these great songs the production they deserve.    Bottom line: Three stars. The songs are great. The instrumentals are filler. The slide guitar, when you can hear it, is incredibly beautiful. If you don't already have this CD, it is absolutely worth a listen. If you already have the older CD, don't bother getting the new one.
0714843377|5.0|I was drawn by the bold statement on the cover and being a graphic designer, also drawn to the great type treatment! This book is a wonderful companion to motivate anyone in going for it now! Arden's experience is mainly in advertising and his writings ring true for life and for opening yourself to endless possibilities.  His advice is honest and brave.<br /><br />It reminded me of the work of Ariel and Shya Kane and Instantaneous Transformation. By reading their 3 principles which you can find in the book [[ASIN:0071601082 Working on Yourself Doesn't Work: The 3 Simple Ideas That Will Instantaneously Transform Your Life]] and by attending their Monday night seminars and workshops in New York City, I have experienced countless creative shifts. These shifts have supported me in generating original projects effortlessly at work and in my personal life. Well-being and satisfaction are a part of my day in and day out experience, regardless of the circumstances.<br /><br />I recommend both Arden and the Kanes as a must on your bookshelf for creativity that translates into productivity and a richer life.
0545128285|2.0|This book was a big dissapointment. Granted, I expected it to be a cheap cash out by a celebrated writer, squeezing out more from the franchise. It was worse than that.   I enjoyed very much all of the Harry Potter books, and was very disatisfied with this book's quality. For strarters, although it is 110 pages, it could have fit in 30 or so. There is a disrespectful amount of space between each line, and so the book is incredibly short. Second, the tales are maybe good ideas, but no development at all. I say maybe good ideas, because I am not convinced they are any different from the self-help tales that I so despise. And when it came to Harry Potter, I enjoyed the details and creativity of Rowling by immersing us into an imaginary world of fun. All of that lacks here, no details and almost no fun. Finally Dumbledore's commentaries are completely uninteresting and add very little to the experience.  I would not recommend this book to anyone. Does not add a single thing to the Harry Potter series.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|This has got to be one of the best shows ever. I cannot wait for it to come out on DVD. After watching the first episode, my husband and I were hooked. Could hardly wait for the next episode. This show is smart, witty and has some of the best acting I have seen. Don't even think twice about getting the whole season on DVD (unless you are sensitive to bad language and some bloody scenes, but they are worth it.I would rate it \\"R\\", definitely not for kids or even young teens).
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|OK, I admit it, I'm still a kid when it comes to \\"Comic Book\\" movies, I see almost all that come out.  I've never reviewed one before, but this one, \\"The Dark Knight\\" is just too good to remain quiet.      This is a good movie made great by some of the BEST acting I've seen in many years.  I'm speaking of Heath Ledger's personification of the \\"The Joker\\".  He made an impossible to believe character come alive in an eerie, frightening and, hauntingly manner.   Heath Ledger gave us a once in a lifetime performance.  Unfortunately, it was the last role of his much too short life.  If Ledger's Joker performance was of the nature we could have expected, then his untimely death was a triple tragedy.      He will be missed.      As for the movie, it is a fast paced, enjoyable ride brought to life, BELIEVABLY, by great characters, superb acting and, a really good script.  And, this is the kind of movie that if missed in theaters (or seen in one), demands to be viewed from a Blu-Ray  High Definition disc.  DVD just won't do the job for this flick as it screams for the additional visual features only Blu-Ray can deliver.      Buy this Blu-Ray for the action, for the acting, for the script and for the ultimate experience to be delivered from this really good movie.  If you are like me, a man (or woman), who enjoys seeing the unbelievable brought to life believably, you won't be disappointed.
B000S9UA94|5.0|This album made me a Mark Knopfler fan.  I can't believe there are only 3 other reviews!  Knopfler should be compared to Clapton because he's a master guitarist, an amazing song writer AND has a mesmerizing deep voice that stays with you.  It didn't take me long to absorb this album...oddly it was that quirky Secondary Waltz that caught me humming first but the \\"Fizzy and the Still\\", \\"We Can Get Wild\\" and \\"Punish the Monkey\\" soon followed and it's all great.  Being a Knopler fan is a richly rewarding experience and this album is up there with the rest.
B00005R62K|5.0|Judas priest best material is in the '70's.this is the best cd I've ever heard! a album can't be great unless every song is awesome[My opinion] and in this case,every song is killer! rob is so awesome!
B001GQSY5K|5.0|I'm tired of peoples lucas bashing.  It's a great movie.  I grew up with the original star wars trilogy on VHS. I was a fan at a very young age. I collected the card games, the action figures etc.I, like many were disapointed by the prequals.  Look past the special effects that despite don't look \\"real\\". Do most special effects actually look \\"real\\".  The stories are great.  This movie is a perfect example of how star wars is not supposed to be about special effects. Thisis just a 3d cartoon. Its all just great story telling with great characters following a serial matine style. What do you want? Do you want them to quit telling Star Wars stories because there not as good as the original.  You had your star wars as a kid now let the young ones of today have their star wars.  If you really want Star Wars to survive forever it needs fans, and the original fans aren't going to live forever.Didn't mean to ramble but if you're wondering if you should buy this I'd say rent it first. HAN SHOT FIRST(dont change the Solo)
B001DDBCUU|1.0|I loved every single episode of the series and really could not watch the movie until the end. it was so boring and disappointing.  i just had the impression that it was made by someone else like the original wit, sense of humor and story lines had disappeared.  the same characters seem like they are missing their original essence and the whole story drags and drags for ever.  what a disaster!  it's the first time i ever write a review about a movie i saw but i just felt i had to share my utmost disappointment and anger with others.  don't bother getting this movie, just buy the series if you don't have it,  it is so much better.  Adel
B001GQSY5U|5.0|I'm tired of peoples lucas bashing.  It's a great movie.  I grew up with the original star wars trilogy on VHS. I was a fan at a very young age. I collected the card games, the action figures etc.I, like many were disapointed by the prequals.  Look past the special effects that despite don't look \\"real\\". Do most special effects actually look \\"real\\".  The stories are great.  This movie is a perfect example of how star wars is not supposed to be about special effects. Thisis just a 3d cartoon. Its all just great story telling with great characters following a serial matine style. What do you want? Do you want them to quit telling Star Wars stories because there not as good as the original.  You had your star wars as a kid now let the young ones of today have their star wars.  If you really want Star Wars to survive forever it needs fans, and the original fans aren't going to live forever.Didn't mean to ramble but if you're wondering if you should buy this I'd say rent it first. HAN SHOT FIRST(dont change the Solo)
B001FSDOZO|5.0|Ok i see all the bashing of this piece of work. It is different than the other CD's Nickelback has released. I waited a while to review this one. I got it the day it was released. From the first listen I liked it. it has that sound that makes it Nickelback but its more polished than ever ( Mutt Lange has that reputation...)It has some edge on it but it also has a mature feel to it. I know the lyrics are sleazy at times but the music is NOT serious. Its good times, living and enjoying the hear and now. I have seen them in concert several times. They are definately worth seeing live.
0316017922|5.0|This was an exceptional book.  The book dealt with the attitudes behind what makes someone successful in life.  Typically, one believes that success is the result of amazing talent and ability.  One believe that those who are successful have been given a special gift of talent or ability.  Gladwell refutes this concept by introducing some key principles that lead to people becoming successful.  He studies the ideas of 10,000 hour rule, family background, plain luck, and family history.  Success is the accumulation of events that lead to the breakout.  The book is a wonderful read.  Gladwell is an amazing writer.  The book is interesting and worth the time invested.  If someone is looking for an informative read that is inspiring and interesting, this is an excellent book.  It is one of the best books that I have read in the last little while.
B001CDLATE|3.0|Baraka is primarily a visual feast for the eyes that compares and contrasts industrialism and Eastern religions. It is certainly not a view of the world as it is. 2 billion people in the world consider themselves Christians, but of the 104 minutes we are suppose to \\"see the world\\" about 40 seconds visualizes Christianity. By cutting out 1/3rd of the world's population I can't accept the film as it is advertised.<br /><br />Apart from that clear bias the film on blu-ray disc is extraordinary. The picture quality is the best I have ever seen on any blu-ray, and the sound was just as impressive. Well worth a rent, and then if you like it, buy it.
0316067601|3.0|I enjoyed reading this story after it got into the fighting.But the part about how he trained and how wonderful his family is was not interesting   to me at all. I really feel the Navy ought to stick to the water and let the Army and Marines take care of fighting battles on land. It seems like  everytime the Seals get into something like this they get their butts kicked.                                        David Hood
B00005JOA0|5.0|I enjoyed this BBC series ([[ASIN:B00005JOA0 The Tenant of Wildfell Hall]]).  I wanted to see more of Toby Stephens' work after being blown away by his performance as Edward Rochester in the BBC's 2006 version of \\"Jane Eyre\\".  I checked out the video cassette from my public library several times before the DVD became available earlier this year.    Since seeing the series I've read the book by Anne Bronte several times.  The deviations from the book don't bother me that much - I feel the series is true to the spirit of the book that Anne Bronte wrote.  The cast was excellent.  I particularly enjoyed Gilbert Markham's interactions with his mother and sister.  The series gradually reveals, through flashbacks, the background of the mysterious and severe Mrs. Graham.  I first saw Rupert Graves in \\"The Forsyte Saga\\" and enjoyed his performance so much.  Here, he's a completely different kind of character - self-centered and manipulative.  It is only as a last resort that Helen leaves Huntingdon - she does her best to be a good wife to him in the manner of the time.    There's great chemistry between Stephens and Fitzgerald. Helen's and Gilbert's admiration and attraction for one another grows subtly as the story unfolds.  Their friendship and quiet enjoyment of one another in the bleak landscape is so appealing.  Gilbert befriends Mrs. Graham even as the suspicious townsfolk begin to turn against her, and it's this unwavering (mostly!) support that makes Gilbert so admirable.  I thoroughly enjoyed this series and the story.
B001ED7C58|5.0|Fantastic CD.  I was unfamiliar with most of the groups, but now I am a fan!! I loved Robert Pattinson's song!!  A CD worthy to be associated with Twilight!
B000YABYLA|5.0|hello everyone, excuse me, i have to go talk to the people at Amazon. ill<br />be right back. okay, im back. i am seriously baffledby the question to ask Amazon or review the movie. i'll review it cos it seems that they even saw the movie or \\" hard candy \\". this is a movie that caught me off guard big time and i guess it did to amazon too. did you know there's no mention of ellen page until approx.3 feet scrolled down. well i did, cos i thought she played an excellent part.it seemed as it was really her life because her acting was fantastic. seen hard candy? makes dexter look<br />like an angel compared to ellen pages' part. but in juno her and her best<br />friend bleeker decide to have sex inmstead of watching starz on tv. well<br />she becomes pregnant, finds adoption couple , the baby is born and then<br />jennifer garner has her baby at last. psst.. she couldnt do it w/ jason.<br />ellen page plays a superb part as juno. i know you would like it too. its<br />funny, a bit sad and bits of true emotion. from the chair at the start to<br />sitting on bleekers steps the movie rolls on like brush fire. she's a<br />bit of a smart butt, but it fits her role beautifuly. perfect actress for this movie. there are a few surprises here and there, but it i love the point that it doesnt stagger thru like many movies. it just keeps on going. ellen page will go a long away. she's young, talented and a girl<br />you would love to bring home to show your parents. it's currently on cinemax and of course on dvd. sorry if i didnt share a normal review w/ yous, but catch the movie and i think you will love it too. if you watch hard candy which she stars in (amazon), its another great role and in both these movies she is so real to her character. i dont know, maybe<br />amazon wont post this because of some comments. but you cant make her name out on the dvd cover and you have to scroll down 3 FEET before her name is mentionwed for the first time. the movie is 1 hr and 45 mins. long and she is in about 1hr and 45 mins. so i guess amazon didnt think her role was that big. come on guys , give it up. shame on you. 5 stars<br />and a goodtime. don b.  phx.az..................guess amazon didnt think her role was that big. come on guys , give it up. shame on you. 5 stars  and a goodtime. don b.  phx.az..................
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|Before this movie, the only ABBA songs I knew were Dancing Queen, Mamma Mia and Fernando and thought they were merely a group from the seventies with a few hits and faded into obscurity. And when I bought the soundtrack for my mother for her birthday, I wondered how anybody in they're right mind could construct a musical around the songs of a pop group. So every year, there are movies that I set aside to see when they come out. This, originally, wasn't one of them. But after Indiana Jones, Get Smart, The Dark Knight, and The Mummy (which were all great don't get me wrong) but after all that action, maybe I needed something different. So I went to the theatre, with my mom and sister so as not to feel out of place amongst the miriade of women that would be in attendance, and didn't really expect much. I had the time of my life and this was absolutely one of the most wonderful experiences I ever had at the movies. The cast was amazing: I never saw Meryl Streep in a film before besides her cameo in the god awful Series of Unfortunate Events film adaptation and she astounded me with her voice (especially on her rendition of The Winner Takes It All). Pierce Brosnan was the biggest surprise to me (cause I never imagined a former James Bond being in a musical) but he too had a good singing voice (all of you people who says he can't just shut up and keep your opinions to yourselves. The ones who've criticized him probably have horrible voices themselves and just can't admit it). Her face and voice was familiar but I just couldn't place where I'd seen Christine Baranski before and then I remembered her supporting roles in Addams Family Values and The Grinch. And I couldn't believe that Amanda Seyfried played the dumb girl in Mean Girls so that too was a surprise. All in all it was a movie that made me feel good when I walked out of the theatre (aside from The Dark Knight, something that hardly happens) and the first real musical I've seen (I count The Blues Brothers films but they really aren't a traditional musical when you compare it to this. And its a better musical than any of the trashy, stereotypical High School Musicals).they really aren't a traditional musical when you compare it to this. And its a better musical than any of the trashy, stereotypical High School Musicals).
031606792X|1.0|I actually didn't mind the length of this book. I didn't even mind Jacob's chapter. But right after that I thought \\"WHAT the heck happened here?\\" Bella as a mother was incredibly forced. I felt like the Bella we knew was gone. And Edward was gone too. The worst for me was that creepy little thing Nessie. I could not picture this child as cute or beautiful given those wacky descriptions. She SMILED right after she was born with a mouth full of teeth?? Then she's talking and saying \\"I love humans\\" a few weeks later? That is almost as bizarre and scary as Edward biting his way through Bella's uterus. Can you imagine what his face must have looked like? Gross! This book seemed like a stranger wrote it after Jacob's chapter. Charlie just accepting the craziness too? Could it have gotten any more ridiculous??
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|I read a Robert Downey Jr. interview a couple months ago. He was saying how bad this movie was and that it didn't have a plot. Well, Mr. Downey Jr., maybe if your superhero movie was anywhere near decent and had a fully developed villain, then this reviewer would've given yours a chance (and I don't really like Marvel and another point: he wouldn't have said any of this if Iron Man had made nearly one billion dollars instead of The Dark Knight) Anyway, I've seen every incarnation of Batman: The 40s serials (good for they're time period), the 60s series and film (again good for the time), the Burton/Schumacher films (like the Superman movies, films one and two great; three and four, not really), his animated series and films (from Filmation and the silly Super Friends all the way to the now entertaining but yet respectable treatment on Brave and the Bold) and Batman Begins (just awesome) and I knew this was one I was going to see. And when I went to see it, I kept in the back of my head that, it being a sequel (which don't always do that hot) it may not match up to the first. And I was a little skeptical about when they cast Heath Ledger as the Joker, as I, believe it or not, didn't even know who he was. Boy was I wrong. The story was one of the most powerful, gripping and emotional of any superhero film out of any I had ever seen. I'm not a big fan of them but even though Marvel has more of their properties on the screen and I've seen all the X-Men and Spider-Man movies and the first Fantastic 4, those stories just couldn't compare to what this was. And the saying, a hero is only as good as the villain, holds true. Ledger's portrayal is the most accurate I've seen next to the 90s animated version (though due to TV standards for a cartoon was toned down) and its a shame that Ledger passed on and advance his talent. This was such an amazing movie that I really can't say anymore because its already been said. But I will say: after this movie, all other superhero movies will have to live up to this.will have to live up to this.
B00136JNIA|2.0|I'm not saying anything bad about this album in particular - the songs are a solid selection and so forth.  However, if you buy the similar \\"Elvis Christmas\\" album, you will get every song on this one (except for \\"Medley\\") plus about ten more, and at the exact same price.  It's just a better value.
B001C46P2A|5.0|What a great movie ! I loved it so much, Mr Luhrman offers such a beautiful sight over his magic country !   The actors are just great, Kidman and Jackman are so hot (firemen are needed when Jackman showers near Kidman's tent !) and the Aborigenal are truely magic. The little boy is unbelievable, fresh and natural, he is THE spirit of Australia.  It's almost 3 hours long but believe me, it's not enought to enjoy this story, this country, these people again and again....  Please, I need the DVD very quickly...... ;-)
1416562605|5.0|This book was the 2008 winner of the Man Booker Prize, and its black, sardonic humor belies the shocking theme:  that of a lowly servant who murders his employer and runs away with his money (not a spoiler; that's the book jacket's synopsis).      The story is told in the first person as Balram Halwai writes a series of letters, each titled \\"The First Night\\", \\"The Second Night\\", etc., to the Premier of China, whose much-publicized upcoming visit to India inspires Balram to spill his guts to someone he thinks might appreciate what he's been through.  Balram calls himself a \\"social entrepreneur\\", having taken his destiny into his own hands by a violence he himself deplores and is struggling to explain to himself as much as to the Premier.      Adiga's detailed description of the caste system in India is profoundly disturbing, all the more so for its continued existence today.  The poor are so shockingly so that they live in conditions far worse than any animal, their fates laid out for them in a predestined, hellish cycle of poverty and misery.  In Balram's caste and family, the very best a man can hope for is to live as an enslaved servant to a richer family.  One wonders how any human being can even maintain the will to live in the environment Adiga describes.      As dark as it sounds, it's not depressing.  Adiga tells the story with such darkly comedic talent that you tend to forget the underlying outcome, although the abysmal conditions of Balram's life are never far from the surface.  But what a talent this writer is!  I really felt as if I were reading a firsthand account of Balram's life; that I'd picked these letters up somewhere and become privy to one man's unique, incredible story.  Balram himself is such an intriguing, humorous and yes, even endearing character that you can't help but like him even though you know what he's going to do.      I had trouble putting it down once I started it, and will definitely read it again.  It's a rich and unsettling tale that made such an impression on me that I dreamed about it two nights in a row!
0956010903|5.0|I could not believe the overall amazing quality of this once in a lifetime collectible, it far exceeded my expectations! The super-high quality hogwarts-style storage case was better than I could have ever imagined! It is lined in a velvet material and has a special hideaway to store the included ready-to-frame J.K. Rowling sketch prints. The actual book comes in a velvet pouch with J.K. Rowlings signature embroidered on it in gold thread. The book is heavy and extremely well crafted, with metal embellishments and a hinged clasp. Overall this collectible is so well crafted and authentic looking, that it looks like it came from the hands of J.K. Rowling herself! If you are a J.K. Rowling fan you MUST own this, you will NOT be disappointed! J.K. Rowling loves her fans and you can definitely tell by the quality of this collectible. Definitely worth the price and the wait.
0956010903|5.0|My copy arrived today via UPS and I couldn't wait to open it! I purchased this as a gift for my Husband for Christmas as he is the story-teller in our family and reads to us regularly. It well exceeded my expectations. Very, very cool! I WAS NOT expecting genuine leather or fine jewels or fancy metal fixtures, so with that in mind, I was not disappointed. It arrived in an UNMARKED box, and was packaged well. There is a small sticker on the clear plastic packaging, but that can be removed easily for gift giving. Unlike the other buyers, my purchase and what was inside was confidential. However I did also purchase the regular edition hardcover and it DID come marked on the outside with what it was. Thank goodness I was the only one home to get it, and there were no spoiled surprises. If purchasing this Collector's Edition, you will not be disappointed!
0141031484|3.0|Here is the trader Nassim Nicholas Taleb's market philosphy: because humans aren't engineered to think abstractly they discount the role of randomness in their lives, and thus the probability of an unlikely event (what he calls a \\"black swan\\") is greatly underpriced by the market. That's why Mr. Taleb is betting hard that a \\"black swan\\" will occur, and his first book \\"Fooled by Randomness\\" draws on personal anecdotes, finance, mathematics, Greek poetry, psychology, and Yogi Berra to explain and to justify his career choice.     The book is divided into three parts. The first is about how society discounts randomness, the second about how society explains away randomness, and the last part is about how to deal with randomness: when luck turns against you, Mr. Taleb advises, \\"behave with dignity\\" like a stoic or a Victorian gentleman.     But the structure doesn't really contain Mr. Taleb, and he muses freely, expansively, and circuitously. He's so obviously upset by how humans can't appreciate the role of luck in their lives that he feels compelled to inflate the importance of randomness: \\"No matter how sophisticated our choices, how good we are at dominating the odds, randomness will have the last word.\\"     This may or may be true in the financial markets, and we can infer that Mr. Taleb makes this controversial conclusion because he has seen enough idiots strike it ridiculously rich whereas he is merely wealthier than 99 percent of humanity. The problem is that he applies this observation to other aspects of society. Thus, he argues that great literature can sometimes be products of randomness (an infinite number of monkeys on typewriters can produce \\"The Illiad\\"). And we celebrate Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great as heroes but there could have been thousands of others whom randomness has struck down to obscurity. Even good basketball: the \\"hot hand of basketball\\" is perhaps a random sequence being misinterpreted.     As for literature and philosophy and heroes Mr. Taleb makes the mistake of believing in objective standards. Is \\"Illiad\\" just good literature, or is it a useful cultural artifact for society to define and defend its norms and worldview? Was Caesar really a hero, or is it merely useful for society to believe he was? As for Mr. Taleb's point about basketball psychologists would argue that when a player plays well he becomes more confident which makes him more skillful -- when a basketball player is on fire he really is on fire.     The ultimate problem with this book is that it takes a principle that's probably true in one area, and holds it to be manifestly true everywhere else. (This is called induction or inference, and ironically Mr. Taleb spends a chapter complaining about its misuse.) Now that he has his framework Mr. Taleb must ensure that everything fits into it. According to Mr. Taleb Bill Gates is not a cunning and cutthroat monopolist but rather someone who just happens to find himself in the lucky position that a critical mass use his software, and thus all subsequent consumers must buy his software.     Mr. Taleb is a mathematician by training, and if he faults others for thinking too concretely perhaps he thinks too numerically. What exactly does randomness have to do with the 1998 Russian bond default, which caused the collapse of Long Term Capital Management and almost the international financial system? Financiers assumed that sovereign states did not default on loans, and then quantified their assumption into a very low probability to justify their actions. It wasn't luck -- it was a useful bad assumption, and sometimes it's bad luck but many other times it's greed and stupidity. How would Mr. Taleb characterize this current financial crisis? Is it a \\"black swan\\" event? Or is it bad government policies that permitted powerful financiers to over-leverage themselves and make bad decisions and construct pyramid schemes believing there would be no consequences? Reading Mr. Taleb's book would lead us to conclude this was a low probability event -- and I don't think that's the right answer.    Mr. Taleb could have simply written a treatise on how the market is random but that's been written before. He could have argued that humans should adopt probabilistic thinking (like how weather is reported) over cause-and-effect thinking (like how history is written) because randomness is a constant part of our lives. Instead he chooses to bet hard, and argues a controversial but ultimately indefensible theory that randomness rules our lives and the world.     Judging from book reviews and sales of \\"Fooled by Randomness\\" Mr. Taleb has won his bet. And this book will become more successful and influential over time because this book -- like \\"Democracy in America\\" and \\"The Communist Manifesto\\" -- is written to be misread and misunderstood. Read it piece-meal, and each part is infinitely sensible. Read it cursorily, and this book is genius. Read it carefully, and this book is wild inference and speculation on top of incoherence and inconsistency. What's the probability of any book being read carefully and painstakingly if read at all? About the same as a \\"black swan.\\"     \\"Fooled by Randomness\\" is -- as Mr. Taleb accuses Hegel's writing -- random mutterings. And so perhaps Mr. Taleb, who is obviously an intelligent and well-read man, is playing a metaphysical joke: if this book becomes a best-seller it can only be because we are too easily fooled by randomness. And right now Mr. Taleb is laughing all the way to the bank.
B001F290E4|3.0|I have all of Seal's work, and it was just a matter of time before he did a covers album. Unfortunately, \\"Soul\\" was not the best choice of material for him. I'm sure Seal is inspired by these classic soul songs from his childhood, but only half of them are good in terms of Seal's approach.<br /><br />Sam Cooke's \\"A Change Is Gonna Come\\" is perfectly suited for Seal. I've always thought Terence Trent D'Arby was closer vocally, but Seal does Sam Cooke's classic justice. It's got a good arrangement and Seal brings enough heft to it to make it worthwhile. Ann Peebles' \\"I Can't Stand The Rain\\" gets short shrift here. Seal does nothing interesting vocally or musically. In fact, if I was going to listen to a cover of this song I'd rather listen to Tina Turner's version or even Missy Elliott's sampling. James Brown's \\"It's A Man's Man's Man's World\\" is also weak. I'm sorry, but James Brown's version remains the best. Al Green's \\"Here I Am (Come And Take Me)\\" is pretty good, though I'd argue that UB40's version is better. Otis Redding's \\"I've Been Loving You Too Long\\" is bland, and I've yet to hear a better cover than the original done by Otis himself. Curtis Mayfield's \\"It's Alright\\" is done justice here. Again, Seal's vocals and style are already perfectly matched for a Curtis Mayfield cover.<br /><br />Harold Melvin & The Bluenotes' \\"If You Don't Know Me By Now\\" is decent, although I could argue Simply Red's version might be better, but the original version may still be the best. Eddie Floyd's \\"Knock On Wood\\" is all right, but it could be argued that Amii Stewart's version is the definitive cover version. Al Green's \\"I'm Still In Love With You\\" is pretty good. Deniece Williams's \\"Free\\" is okay. The biggest travesty here is Seal's inept version of the classic Ben E. King song \\"Stand By Me\\". John Lennon did a better cover! Curtis Mayfield's \\"People Get Ready\\" is decent, though I prefer Rod Stewart/Jeff Beck's version.<br /><br />So, as much as I appreciate Seal's talents, my feeling is that Seal's heart was in the right place here, but perhaps he should have tried more challenging material outside his comfort zone. Seal is a soul singer at heart, so how about trying something non-soul? Surprise us. How about blues? How about rock and roll? How about reggae? Heck, how about a country song? Imagine how interesting Seal would sound on a covers album where he really dared his listeners to follow him on an eclectic listen? I bet he could do great versions of \\"Human\\", \\"Sexual Healing\\", \\"Wishing Well\\", \\"I Can't Go For That (No Can Do)\\", \\"Children Of The World\\", \\"War\\", \\"Shine\\", \\"Bullet With Butterfly Wings\\", etc., etc.<br /><br />But no, we are given a covers album as generic, and manufactured, as Starbuck's coffee.<br /><br />Here's my comparison chart:<br /><br />1991 Seal: Four Stars<br />1994 Seal: Four Stars<br />1998 Human Being: Four and a Half Stars<br />2003 Seal: Four Stars<br />2007 System: Four and a Half Stars<br />2008 Soul: Three Starsheart was in the right place here, but perhaps he should have tried more challenging material outside his comfort zone. Seal is a soul singer at heart, so how about trying something non-soul? Surprise us. How about blues? How about rock and roll? How about reggae? Heck, how about a country song? Imagine how interesting Seal would sound on a covers album where he really dared his listeners to follow him on an eclectic listen? I bet he could do great versions of \\"Human\\", \\"Sexual Healing\\", \\"Wishing Well\\", \\"I Can't Go For That (No Can Do)\\", \\"Children Of The World\\", \\"War\\", \\"Shine\\", \\"Bullet With Butterfly Wings\\", etc., etc.    But no, we are given a covers album as generic, and manufactured, as Starbuck's coffee.    Here's my comparison chart:    1991 Seal: Four Stars  1994 Seal: Four Stars  1998 Human Being: Four and a Half Stars  2003 Seal: Four Stars  2007 System: Four and a Half Stars  2008 Soul: Three Stars
B000AXWV40|5.0|The 3rd album from Funkadelic, capped their early period ('70-71), laying the foundation for 1970s black rock. The funksters blended JB rhythms, Sly Stone style acid soul and Jimi H guitar into a perfect brew.    The title track is a guitar masterwork, right up there with Hendrix's Machine Gun in terms of technique and emotion. Eddie Hazel was the world's greatest unsung guitarist.
B00122M2QU|4.0|This is a CD i like to listen to when I wake up in the morning. Its high energy wakes me up an makes me want to mosh in my shower. All the songs on the album sound good and a couple of the tracks are awesome. If you like metal there is no reason you wouldn't like this CD. The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because some of the songs sound the same. If its not one of the great songs like tracks 3,4, 7,9 then you can really lose track of where you are on the CD. I look forward to seeing more from this group.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Everything with this purchase was fine.  It arrived 1-1 1/2 weeks after I purchased it.  It is new and in the original packaging.
B001L51RQE|5.0|As a fan of The Police and Sting's solo career, I couldn't pass this one up because I didn't get to see the tour.  I broke out the CD's first and listened to them while driving around.  Didn't know what to expect, but I quickly progressed from \\"Hey, they sound pretty good\\" to \\"Oh My God!  They sound #$@@ing GREAT!\\"  All of the classics sound awesome, and when they want to play the songs traditionally, they sound better than ever.    But what I liked the best was when they changed it up a bit.  My favorite song in the package is \\"Voices Inside My Head/When The World Is Running Down.\\"  They start out with this light jazz/funk groove and the song sounds completely fresh and then they bust right into the normal arrangement of When The World...and it sounds as good you remember it, if not better.    I saw Bono a couple of times last go round and I think he's losing a step vocally, at least when he's not hiding in a studio. Sting, on the other hand, sounded perfect and his solo years have given him an expressiveness that adds to their songs.    Anyway, I watched the concert after I knew all the songs and it's even better when you're watching them.  Andy looks a little punchy, but he sounds great.  Otherwise, they look like they own the stage together.  The documentary is also well worth watching.    If you've ever bought a Police album, you need this.
B001F290E4|5.0|This album is excellent. I am now a Seal fan. Sam Cooke would stand up and appauld for Seals rendition of \\"A Change Is Gonna Come\\" it gave me goose bumps. I have all of the original songs on this album but Seal has brought new life to them and brought them into a new generation.
B000063V8T|5.0|I was pretty happy with the service over all of the company and I really like the show so all in all I don't have anything bad to say. =)
0446615625|3.0|Took a while to warm up to the characters, but then it was a pretty easy read. Different sort of personalities, generally untypical in an action/intrigue sort of novel. I found the club participants interesting. Does seem like this book does best in terms of setting a foundation for the other couple Camel Club books. Not a whole lot \\"happens.\\" Typical solving and uncovering of a crime... took a while for me to make it thru the first 100 pages.
0307346617|5.0|World War Z is an oral history of the events that had occurred in the final war, world war z. You will hear stories from every aspect, anyone from a hermit succluded in his apartment in japan, to military commanders spanned across the world. Max Brooks perfectly describes the horror and confusion that is erupted globally from the invasion. Stories of people who see their families die in front of them and there is nothing they can do to stop it. If you are a person who enjoys zombie apocalypse, this book will keep you on your toes.
0061537934|5.0|I'll be brief-buy this book if you are a dog person.  Dog people know who they are, and this is one book that will touch your heart, make you cry, make you laugh, and make you look at your packmate in a different way!  My husband and I have commented so many times that if our Buddy had opposable thumbs, we'd be in serious trouble.  And then Enzo talks about this very thing!!  Just get this book, its a quick read, and it has stayed with me for days.  It's what life would sound like if my furry friends could type!!!
0316067598|5.0|Marcus Lutrell is the epitome of the best of America, right out of Texas. He is the warrior, the hero every little male kid would like to grow to be, full of valor, honor, selflessness, and above all, love for America and freedom. God made Marcus big and strong for a reason. His time came during the Afghani mission he talks about here. The last man standing in a battle against all odds that tested his physical as well as mental endurance. But his loyalty to his God and his nation never felt shaken; on the contrary, Afghanistan was the soil that proved to him that our Christian God is much worthier than the god of hate-mongers and nihilist westerners, and more powerful than all the propaganda of the liberal media and its partners in the Islamic media.<br /><br />This is no professor talking politics, no anti-militarist journalist preaching peace, this is a navy Seal, a man out of Texas who believes in the values his country stands for, and accordingly offers his life and all his strength to defend it, wherever he is needed. No self-pitying, no bashing, no complaints. He tells his story and that of his few Seal buddies on a mission to infiltrate Taliban territory and kill an enemy leader. The story starts with biographical sketches of Marcus and his family, combined with his early passion for the outdoors. City youths, like modern cave dwellers, really are missing the meaning of America while living in those beehive buildings. Long live the the American spirit though, with Texans like the Lutrell family it certainly will.<br /><br />The story is fast paced and very visual, told in colloquial style, but poetic, even epic in the matter that is conveyed, the heart and soul of this man comes out as he tells it. And he minces no words. He speaks boldly and beautifully, as any American who is not yet a slave of government, or indebted to welfare, can do. He has no constituency as politicians have. He speaks his mind. If with respect and love, because he is a respectful and lovable man. If with some profanity and impetuousness, because he is no fake, no cynic, no hypocrite, and no pharisee. Marcus Lutrell is a Christian and a patriot, he does not claim to be a saint or philanthropist, but I wouldn't dare to say a bad word of a man who did what he did. I envy Lutrell, and other soldiers like him, whose heroic selfless acts go unnoticed against the foreground of the anti-American media. It's a marvelous opportunity that we have to read -and listen- to a man who lives like a true American should: free, victorious, hate-free, proud to be American and Texan.<br /><br />I had a wonderful time with this audio book. Truly worthy to be compared with Thermopylae's 300.with some profanity and impetuousness, because he is no fake, no cynic, no hypocrite, and no pharisee. Marcus Lutrell is a Christian and a patriot, he does not claim to be a saint or philanthropist, but I wouldn't dare to say a bad word of a man who did what he did. I envy Lutrell, and other soldiers like him, whose heroic selfless acts go unnoticed against the foreground of the anti-American media. It's a marvelous opportunity that we have to read -and listen- to a man who lives like a true American should: free, victorious, hate-free, proud to be American and Texan.    I had a wonderful time with this audio book. Truly worthy to be compared with Thermopylae's 300.
B001F2W4Y2|5.0|I must say I was so blown away..<br />I haven't heard an album this good in such a long time<br />:D<br />u must hear and buy it<br />was blasting it in my car all day long<br />:D
B001KVZ69I|5.0|All I can say about this movie is that it's sad, very emotional, some beautifu shots, and a very good sound track. The last 15 minutes everyone's hearts were pounding.
B0006AAS5G|5.0|This is a cool watch for the price it is sold at. I have a few fossils, a few siekos and a kenneth Cole -  all in the 100 dollar range. The Invicta is the best of the lot. It is elegant, shows no scratches and catches the eye everytime. Its a class apart from the metal fossils I own. A very good investment!
B001E7OO2I|5.0|I was a little disappointed with Once Again, only because there were songs I would actually skip. I put this one in and let it play forever, and on repeat. Can't wait to see what's next!
B00004TS0E|5.0|My Mom and I watched the movie many years ago,and we both enjoy it much,  good plot,filled with hope and fun, buy it and watch it with your kids
1416594884|2.0|I enjoyed the first 3/4 of this, my first LeCarre read, but the ending was disappointingly simplistic, predictable, abrupt and unsatisfying.     Definitely could have used more Bachmann, my favorite character.
0425179877|5.0|Excellent account of the backstage of Americas Space Program, you could really fill the atmosphere inside Mission Control,and the contribution made to its success by a miriad of unknown Heros.
B0014DZ2VO|4.0|2008's \\"Quantum of Solace\\" is the second half of the story begun in 2007's \\"Casino Royale\\", part origin myth for James Bond (as played by Daniel Craig) and part revenge story for the death of Bond's lady love Vesper.  Like Casino Royale, this movie features a younger and grittier James Bond in a series of globe-trotting action sequences, and the beginnings of the ironic wit that is one of the signature of the Bond franchise.<br /><br />\\"Quantum of Solace\\" picks up where \\"Casino Royale\\" left off, as Bond transports the mysterious Mr. White to MI-6 custody in Italy.  A nerve-wracking car chase that ends in a stone quarry sets the mood, followed by the discovery during an interupted interogation that Mr. White's shadowy parent organization has a long reach, even into the Secret Service.<br /><br />Bond, already in trouble with \\"M\\"(Judy Dench) for the way in which suspects keep ending up dead, sets off in pursuit of a Mr. Greene, whom he finds in Haiti making deals with disposed dictators.  He also finds a new ally, a lovely member of the Bolivian Secret Service.  When things go badly in Haiti, Bond is suspended and must rely on an old friend (Giancarlo Gianini in a priceless supporting role as Mathis from Casino Royale) to get to Mr. Greene in Bolivia.  Bolivia will be the scene of a short romance and a series of extended action sequences in the air, on the ground, and in an exotic desert hotel.  In a postscript to the movie, we meet a wiser and hardened Bond back in harness for \\"M.\\"<br /><br />\\"Quantum of Solace\\" is a genuinely exciting action movie, and Daniel Craig looks a better fit as a maturing Bond.  However, the political overlays of the plot are trite, heavyhanded, and best ignored.  The theme music for \\"Quantum of Solace\\" may be the least memorable in the history of the franchise.  The action sequences are presented in a jarrng series of cuts that make them hard to follow.  This reviewer yearns for a little more dialogue and a little less brutality.<br /><br />\\"Quantum of Solace\\" is highly recommended to James Bond fans as the next installment of the franchise, still cooking after all these years.hly recommended to James Bond fans as the next installment of the franchise, still cooking after all these years.
B0014DZ2VO|3.0|I would not consider myself a dedicated Bond fan but, I believe, I watched all of Bond's movies either on TV, on DVD and, half a dozen of them  - [[ASIN:B001DVVYEQ James Bond Blu-ray Collection Six-Pack (Dr. No / Die Another Day / Live and Let Die / For Your Eyes Only / From Russia with Love / Thunderball) (Amazon.com Exclusive) [Blu-ray]]] - plus [[ASIN:B000MRA5NS Casino Royale [Blu-ray]]] on Blu-ray. Quantum of Solace is the first Bond I actually watched in a theater because... well... the Blu-ray six-pack actually came with 4 free tickets :). But, let's cut down to the chase, so to speak.<br /><br />I happen to believe that Daniel Craig could become one of the best Bond(s) ever. He is very different from his predecessors, not easily recognizable for a Ian Fleming creation but, quite possibly, what is needed for a franchise that's been showing its age lately. Craig's Bond has a big heart, is driven by strong passions and, unlike most of his predecessors, he seems to be constantly struggling to reconcile the need of his doing what he is told vs. his inner urge to be doing what he feels it's right. No stiff upper lip for this Bond but plenty of explosive outbursts and an almost trance-like, relentless, perfectly focused fighting style, never letting up until the enemy is defeated or repulsed if not completely obliterated.<br /><br />Now, for the not so good. And, as good as our new James Bond may be, rescuing a terrible script comes pretty close to 'mission impossible'. Quantum is one of the weaker plots of the series. I will not reveal any spoilers but, when we see, toward the end of the movie, what all that killing and bribing and government-overthrowing was for... at least my conclusion was that it made very little sense. Too many characters are killed for no good reason and at least one main character who was a known and mortal danger to the big and evil guy was allowed to swing freely between the baddie and James.<br /><br />Of the lesser characters, M is on the rise and she gets incrementally better with every new Bond release, slowly evolving from the irritable place-holder, almost completely obsessed and self-aware by her gender to the intelligence professional and team player that we see in Casino and in Quantum. Q, on the other hand, is hardly noticed and the same can be said about 'the gadgets', not entirely absent but not a lot of them.<br /><br />Not revealing the plot, I believe that I can note that this is the second Bond in a row where James does not 'get' the girl at the end of the movie.<br /><br />My overall impression: Craig deserved a better script. Casino was a good one, Quantum should have been better but it's not. Inside the James Bond universe, unlike Casino Royale, this one falls a bit 'below average'. That would have earned it a 2-star score but Daniel Craig is so good, I feel compelled to add one for his performance so, it's a three-star.ementally better with every new Bond release, slowly evolving from the irritable place-holder, almost completely obsessed and self-aware by her gender to the intelligence professional and team player that we see in Casino and in Quantum. Q, on the other hand, is hardly noticed and the same can be said about 'the gadgets', not entirely absent but not a lot of them.    Not revealing the plot, I believe that I can note that this is the second Bond in a row where James does not 'get' the girl at the end of the movie.    My overall impression: Craig deserved a better script. Casino was a good one, Quantum should have been better but it's not. Inside the James Bond universe, unlike Casino Royale, this one falls a bit 'below average'. That would have earned it a 2-star score but Daniel Craig is so good, I feel compelled to add one for his performance so, it's a three-star.
1416914293|5.0|Rating: 5/5<br /><br />My Double Review:<br /><br />  Occasionally, I'll find a book that immediately captures my interest. I'll pick it up and start reading, and just be hooked.<br /><br />  City of Bones was one of those books. From the very first chapter, I was intrigued. This series was unlike any other fantasy books I've ever read. I mean, come on... Shadowhunters? What the heck are those? Um, hello? Uniqueness! It's a great concept, and these novels have it all.<br /><br />  So I started reading, and I was interested. My first question was: who are the good guys and who are the bad guys? Every single character has an element of mystery to them; and while a lot of questions were cleared up, I still find that the depth of the characters extends beyond just good and bad. The characters are real, flawed, and none of them are perfect, even if they do happen to be on the \\"good\\" side.<br /><br />  And then I read further and I found myself genuinely caring about the characters and what happened to them. Believe me, I really got into it. At some point in time during the second book, I closed the book and couldn't read anymore, because I just couldn't stand the thought of something bad happening. I was borderline obsessed. I found myself caring about the characters, and also wanting to be in their world. This was one of the first times that I've found myself actually believing and hoping that it could be possible for a fantasy to be real. I mean, vampires? Whatever. Werewolves? Yeah, okay. But Shadowhunters? How cool would that be?! How fascinating.<br /><br />  I have a strange fascination with the Shadowhunters.<br /><br />  Just like how I find myself with a strange fascination with these novels. Which is perhaps why my review is so strange; these books are definitely at the top of my list, and I really recommend them to anyone.
B001DJ7PQ4|4.0|At first, I was bit shocked seeing Donna as the Doctor's new companion.  Seemed to me like a bit overweight middle age woman, lacking the beauty and witt of Martha or Rose  But this character grew to incredible heights.  As the Doctor would say, Catherine Tate (Donna) was \\"brilliant\\". At the end, I loved so much the Donna character, that I have to agree with other posters in saying that this has been one of the best companions of the new Doctor (but let's not forget Sarah Jane).    It's also great to see better special effects being used on these episodes. But hey, I've been a Doctor Who fan since I was a kid, so I'm used to the crappy robots and sets, since we \\"real fans\\" understand that Doctor Who is way more than CGI. Anyway, it's nice to see the Doctor being put up to date and competing well with todays other sci-fi shows.    Why the four stars ??  Well, the \\"Partners in crime\\" episode is about, walking fat ? I cannot believe this episode made it to the Doctor Who show. Really childish !    And here is my take on the others:  First, the \\"Voyage of the Dammed\\", a flying Titanic? Oh come on !!    The \\"Unicorn and the Wasp\\", reminded me of an old Doctor Who episode, about 30 years ago ? something about a rose ? well anyway, this who-done-it episode was a bit boring, excessively british, and the wasp totally out of sync or should I say, out of wak ?.    \\"Midnight\\" reminded me of the Twilight Zone era, not really bad but the Doctor threatened by two \\"blokes\\" (an old college professor and a young lad) and a couple of girls ? Come on, we are talking about the Doctor, who wipes out armies of aliens and saves the universe, and is going to be thrown out by these pathetic humans ? Davies is definitely loosing it !!    And the rest, well, terrific ! The \\"Silence in the Library\\" and the \\"Forest of the Dead\\" were really up to the Doctor.  \\"The Fires of Pompeii\\" was not that great great, but good enough, same as the \\"Planet of OOD\\".  \\"The Sontaran Stratagem\\" and \\"The Poison Sky\\" were good. You've got to love those Sontarians !!  \\"The Doctor's Daughter\\", well what can I say about this one, really strange episode, way to fast for my liking, and the hint of a possible new spinoff series, probably for teen audiences, is way too obvious.    The grand finale was really grand. Must have been really tough to complete it in just three episodes, being the last one a bit too hurried, but it was grand, and sad to see the end Donna Noble as a companion. I have to admit, Davies is going out with a bang !    And the Doctor ? well, \\"brilliant\\" as always, and probably going through a mid life crisis ! (LOL) But it just goes to show you that Tennant can do much more than just run around and crack some funny lines.    At the end, I must say I enjoyed this series 4, and highly recommend it to fans and newcomers as well.
0439023483|5.0|Rating: 5/5<br /><br />Review:<br /><br />  This book came highly recommended to me by basically everyone. It would not have been a book I'd pick out for myself; the cover didn't intrigue me, and just by that I wouldn't have even considered reading the back of the book to get more info. If it had been just a random book in a bookstore, I'd have passed it by without an extra thought.<br /><br />  But this is no ordinary book; not even close. With all they hype and great reviews about it, I was interested. And when it came to my school's library, it was so easy to get my hands on it. And when I did, I was not disappointed.<br /><br />  This was an extremely gripping story. Futuristic, scarily so. While extreme critics find other books or movies to compare this one to, I can think of nothing that compares. The story is definitely different from anything I've ever read. Killing people for sport is not a subject that I find gracing the pages of young adult literature. But here it is, plain as day. Perhaps it's a comment on society and the way things are shaping up to be, or perhaps it was just a hypothetical story meant to entertain and keep readers on the edge of their seat. Whichever the case may be, I was enthralled. And it really got me thinking about people, and just goodness overall.<br /><br />  The writing wasn't my favorite; it actually kind of bothered me in parts, the way that Katniss spoke in her narration. But the story fully made up for it.<br /><br />  I'm not sure exactly how the sequel will turn out... but you can bet that I'll be ready for it when it's released.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie was beautifully made as a whole. I found the plot to be fantastic and it stuck with me for awhile as I contemplated my own actions. Isn't that what a good story does? As with another reviewer, this was not what I expected to see by the title, which turns out to not be a problem with the beautiful artwork/graphics and a storyline that hooks you deep.    This movie was good enough to even hook my mother, whom showed up as it started. She does not like anime in the least and is never quiet when watching any movie. This one kept her silent until the end and all she said was \\"Wow, that was really good.\\" Enough said.
1416955070|5.0|Rating: 5/5<br /><br />My Double Review:<br /><br />  Occasionally, I'll find a book that immediately captures my interest. I'll pick it up and start reading, and just be hooked.<br /><br />  City of Bones was one of those books. From the very first chapter, I was intrigued. This series was unlike any other fantasy books I've ever read. I mean, come on... Shadowhunters? What the heck are those? Um, hello? Uniqueness! It's a great concept, and these novels have it all.<br /><br />  So I started reading, and I was interested. My first question was: who are the good guys and who are the bad guys? Every single character has an element of mystery to them; and while a lot of questions were cleared up, I still find that the depth of the characters extends beyond just good and bad. The characters are real, flawed, and none of them are perfect, even if they do happen to be on the \\"good\\" side.<br /><br />  And then I read further and I found myself genuinely caring about the characters and what happened to them. Believe me, I really got into it. At some point in time during the second book, I closed the book and couldn't read anymore, because I just couldn't stand the thought of something bad happening. I was borderline obsessed. I found myself caring about the characters, and also wanting to be in their world. This was one of the first times that I've found myself actually believing and hoping that it could be possible for a fantasy to be real. I mean, vampires? Whatever. Werewolves? Yeah, okay. But Shadowhunters? How cool would that be?! How fascinating.<br /><br />  I have a strange fascination with the Shadowhunters.<br /><br />  Just like how I find myself with a strange fascination with these novels. Which is perhaps why my review is so strange; these books are definitely at the top of my list, and I really recommend them to anyone.
0743289692|5.0|This is an amazing story told in a compelling, interesting voice.  I highly recommend it!
0956010903|5.0|I have no words to describe my excitement except for that common acronym: \\"OMG!\\"     The design of the book, the case, the prints, and the book itself is fabulous! I love it and I believe it's worth the $100 dollars.     If you are a fan of J.K. Rowling and her books, this is a great buy for your own pleasure. :)    Enjoy this books all!    P.S.  The packaging was nice and well wrapped!
B000P0J0EW|4.0|The Shawshank Redemption (Frank Darabont, 1994)<br /><br />At this point, I have two problems facing me: first, that I have seen The Shawshank Redemption more times than I can count in the past fourteen years, and have still never quite found the words for a proper review, and second, that everything I could say about this movie has probably been said more concisely and more eloquently than I could say it. Why add one more \\"me too\\" to the mass? (Yes, I did take a break and think about this question for fifteen minutes before deciding to go forward with this review.) In my case, I think I went back to Darabont's greatest success (to date) as a director after witnessing his greatest failure (to date) as a director, The Mist. That was a movie that had mountains of potential and blew it all. The Shawshank Redemption was a movie with mountains of potential that is almost completely realized. There are a few quizzical changes to the original text, but what made it to the screen did so in the best of ways.<br /><br />Tim Robbins plays Andy Dufresne, a man sent to Shawshank prison for a life sentence after being convicted of the murder of his wife. Dufresne maintains his innocence, but as we are told (those of us who don't already know, anyway), \\"you can't throw a stone in prison without hitting an innocent man.\\" Morgan Freeman plays Ellis \\"Red\\" Redding, Dufresne's first friend in the prison, and the man who slowly draws Dufresne into a circle of the gentler, more intelligent prisoners, even as he's menaced by the, shall we say, less cultured of the bunch. (Even so, there does seem to be quite a bit of smoothing on the edges of this prison tale.) Dufresne soon becomes a force to be reckoned with inside the walls, cooking the prison's books, doing tax returns for the guards, and singlehandedly petitioning the state for money to expand the woeful prison library, where Dufresne works under the tutelage of fellow lifer Brooks Hatlen (James Whitmore, who has mostly retired since his 1991 appearance in The Majestic). But Dufresne, whose philosophy is that freedom is all in your head, never does stop maintaining his innocence.<br /><br />The one thing that always confused me about Darabont's adaptation seems like the most minor of the changes he made; the thing with the poster. In the original story, the girl on the poster changes. It's one of the ways King uses to show the passage of time in the story, and it's an effective little tool; he shows not only the passage of twenty years of Andy Dufresne's life, but the changing fashions in the world outside the prison, as well. It's another aspect of Andy's \\"freedom is all in your mind\\" refrain, and it plays very well. In Darabont's screenplay. Rita Hayworth begins the trip, and Rita Hayworth ends it. Could the movie budget not afford two more vintage posters? That's the only reason I can see for changing such an effective detail. And while that's the only one that really stands out, it does plant the seeds. I'm certainly not saying it is in any way a bad movie; it is, in fact, an excellent one, one of the best ever made. I just wonder if, perhaps, it could have been just a touch better. **** ance in The Majestic). But Dufresne, whose philosophy is that freedom is all in your head, never does stop maintaining his innocence.    The one thing that always confused me about Darabont's adaptation seems like the most minor of the changes he made; the thing with the poster. In the original story, the girl on the poster changes. It's one of the ways King uses to show the passage of time in the story, and it's an effective little tool; he shows not only the passage of twenty years of Andy Dufresne's life, but the changing fashions in the world outside the prison, as well. It's another aspect of Andy's \\"freedom is all in your mind\\" refrain, and it plays very well. In Darabont's screenplay. Rita Hayworth begins the trip, and Rita Hayworth ends it. Could the movie budget not afford two more vintage posters? That's the only reason I can see for changing such an effective detail. And while that's the only one that really stands out, it does plant the seeds. I'm certainly not saying it is in any way a bad movie; it is, in fact, an excellent one, one of the best ever made. I just wonder if, perhaps, it could have been just a touch better. **** 
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Firstly, the Blu-Ray release, which I just purchased today. I'm incredibly impressed that they decided upon the alternating aspect ratio of 1:78 for the IMAX stuff (shot in 1:33, but you don't lose much) and 2:35 for the 35mm stuff.  To have chosen to stick with a consistent frame height would have lost too much of the filmed image one way or the other, but I honestly didn't believe Nolan would be allowed to do it this way. What results is a best of both worlds home theater experience, where you don't lose the sides of the 35 material (as you do when viewing it on an IMAX screen) and you lose only negligible amounts of top and bottom from the IMAX element (which you don't see on an IMAX screen anyway), as compared with the massive chop that was necessary to turn 1:33 into 2:35 for 35mm theatrical exhibition (completely undermining the grandeur that these scenes were supposed to be all about in the first place). This might wind up being a controversial move, but anyone who really loves movies and is aware of how this one was filmed should understand that this was the only way. I have no doubt this was Nolan's decision - and he was dead right.      To those who've expressed their dissatisfaction with the standard dvd release of this, I can only say that this movie didn't look as good in the theater as it does in 1080p. I'm beyond impressed with this disc.    Now, as to the film itself...    What makes this different from the rest of the superhero movies we've been bombarded with for years now is that Nolan and Co. weren't content to produce the typical, uncontroversial \\"you're-good-I'm-evil-let's-fight-it-out-in-tights\\" lightshow. Good and evil might be tangible things in this film, but as they get tangled together in ways both intended and not, we're treated to something that looks more like a \\"real\\" movie and less like the cynical merchandising plugs that we've come to expect each summer. Superhero comic books themselves have grown up quite a bit, but they're seldomfilmed this intelligently.    What we have in the end is a superhero movie that's uneasy about superheros, a protagonist who may or may not be leading us into the abyss, an agent of chaos whose kind will always be with us whether we like it or not, and a parable about the various forms of blowback that beget such agents in the first place and lead to the destruction of those we love.
B000M341QE|5.0|The Departed (Martin Scorsese, 2006)<br /><br />One of the things I was really, really hoping would happen with Martin Scorsese's remake of the fantastic Asian film Infernal Affairs would be that Scorsese would try to make the film a little less confusing during the opening half-hour or so, when we have very little experience with these characters and are still liable to get them easily confused. Nope. If anything, The Departed's opening half-hour is even more confusing than that of Infernal Affairs, and I didn't even have a language barrier helping to confuse me. And yet The Departed does, somehow, manage to be almost as good as the film that spawned it. This surprised me, given both the level of accomplishment found in the vast majority of American remakes of Asian films, no matter who's at the helm, and the level of accomplishment found in Martin Scorsese's films of late. The Departed shows Scorsese back with a vengeance.<br /><br />The premise can be related simply, but is in practice almost impossibly complex: a criminal organization and the police have both trained a mole and infiltrated the other's organization. One mole finds out about the other, but has no idea of his identity. And to make things just a little more interesting, one mole is living with the other's ex-girlfriend. Yeah, that's the entire setup. But if you think about it for even a few seconds, you can start seeing all the many, many places a really good scriptwriter can go with a setup like this. And rest assured, Siu Fao Mak and Felix Chong, who wrote the original script, are very good. (Why else would Scorsese pick this instead of, say, One Missed Call?) Pushcart Prize winner William Monahan (Kingdom of Heaven), who adapted the original screenplay into English, did the right thing by, for the most part, simply getting out of the way and staying faithful to the original. (The bit with the ex-girlfriend is expanded upon somewhat, but the rest is faithful to the spirit, if not always the letter, of the original).<br /><br />Of course, when you're Martin Scorsese, you pretty much have your pick of A-list addresses to stuff his screenplay with, and he goes all out here. The two moles are played by Scorsese regular Leonardo DiCaprio and Matt Damon, and as with the two moles in Infernal Affairs, they're subtly altered to look as alike as possible. The heads of the two organizations in question are Jack Nicholson and Martin Sheen. Yeah, we're not even out of the first tenth of the cast list and Scorsese has probably set himself back seventy or eighty mil. To put it bluntly, he got his money's worth. I don't think DiCaprio has been this good since The Basketball Diaries, and Damon? He's never been this good. Mark Wahlberg, Vera Farmiga, Alec Baldwin, Anthony Anderson, and a host of others all do fine work here as well, but there's one guy who really makes this movie for me, and that's Ray Winstone.<br /><br />Ever since 1997's Face, Ray Winstone has pretty much been the (no pun intended) face of the modern British gangster movie for me, the way Michael Caine was back in the seventies. Problem is, no one over here's really heard of him all that much. Oh, sure, a couple handfuls of Americans saw the wonderful Sexy Beast, and he's had a few minor roles on this side of the pond, but let's face it, Ray Winstone hasn't gotten a lot of quality face time in American theaters. But Martin Scorsese, he knows from gangster flicks, and he goes for the best. He got it here. (And from the in-development credits at IMDB, it looks like America has now cottoned to Ray Winstone. It's about time.) Winstone plays Jack Nicholson's right-hand man, a guy who can go from affable drunk to sadistic psycho in the space of a breath (yeah, you've met him in the form of Joe Pesci before, but Winstone's even better at it). There's this air of coldness about him that's just perfect. Really, the movie wouldn't be what it is without him, despite his being a relatively minor character.<br /><br />This is good stuff, this is. I wasn't sure Scorsese had it in him any more. I'm almost hoping he tries another Asian remake--The Bird People in China, maybe, of Miike's Triad Trilogy. If it's half this good it'll be worth seeing in the theaters. **** sure Scorsese had it in him any more. I'm almost hoping he tries another Asian remake--The Bird People in China, maybe, of Miike's Triad Trilogy. If it's half this good it'll be worth seeing in the theaters. **** 
B00005A0V0|5.0|You typically get what you pay for. But, sometimes, the compensation is much higher. And, this Caravan album is one of those cases for me. After listening to the first two albums, my expectations were getting a similar album with a unique style, but still carrying the trademark of a 60s output (kind-of). I was wrong. It is an album that doesn't show its age. I am especially amazed by Winter Wine and Nine Feet Underground. I cannot even categorize those songs.     Winter Wine takes you elsewhere, and not somewhere in this world. Captivating, beautiful, soft (and you would expect me to say, silky), and silky. Always staying below a threshold, hence preventing you to escape its chains. On the other hand, in Nine Feet Underground, they just rock, from the jazzy introduction to the creamy ending. I do enjoy long songs, especially if they are well-structured and diverse-within. And, Nine Feet Underground hears such requests.     The remaining three, of the original version, are more like filling the blanks, connecting those two. At least, those are what I feel about them. Unlike Winter Wine and Nine Feet Underground, they are more pop oriented, hence, more attractive to the lovers of the genre. But, if you are an enthusiast of good music with deep details (or more layers), you may enjoy the other two like me more than Golf Girl, Love to Love You, and the title song.    The additional songs with the main theme of improvisation, illustrates the band's desires for this album. I also enjoyed them, but, the first five are what I would listen if I want to stay within the album's realm.
B0014DZ2VO|3.0|Quantum of Solace (Marc Forster, 2008)<br /><br />The more I see of films with which Paul Haggis was involved, the less impressed I am with Paul Haggis. And okay, I'll give Haggis Casino Royale, which was (and I freely admit to heresy with this) my favorite James Bond film to date. Daniel Craig makes a passable Bond, but it's not the actor, it's the light in which Bond is portrayed in this new incarnation; he's not a cartoon good guy like he was in all those old flicks, no matter who was portraying him. It's another of those cases of superheroes getting dark, dark, dark, and it fits (to me, anyway) right in with Ian Fleming's original vision in the novels much better than Connery, Moore, Brosnan, etc. (and lordy, let's not forget George Lazenby). Unfortunately, the main problem with Quantum of Solace is that it takes this new, improved film Bond and sticks him in a cartoon landscape. It's an interesting reversal, to be sure, but ultimately an annoying one.<br /><br />Daniel Craig returns as Bond, and for the second time, we get a much darker, more nuanced character than we have in previous Bond films. But everyone around him, no matter how good the actor, is a cardboard cutout. Mathieu Amalric, who brought so much to The Diving Bell and the Butterfly, makes a very fun villain. He would've been great when up against one of the previous Bonds, in a cartoon-meets-cartoon matchup of the sort that made movies like The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker so much fun. But this Bond demands characters who match him; if you've got a 3-D Bond, it makes little sense to put him up against 2-D villains. And Haggis and co. do seem to realize this, given the Bond girl, Olga Kurylenko (Max Payne); this is one of the few times the Bond girl has actually been a character instead of an accessory. Camille, Kurylenko's character, has motivations. She's acting, rather than reacting. (As a contrast, consider the jaw-dropping beauty Gemma Arterton, who plays the much more traditionally-Bond-girl Strawberry Fields.) But still, Camille is pure as the driven snow; she lacks the moral ambiguity of Bond's character. (And even Bond realizes this. \\"You've never killed before, have you?\\" he asks, ever so gently.) Perhaps there's only room for one fully-developed character in a Paul Haggis script. Let's face it, that's one more than there was in Crash.<br /><br />All that said, what everyone's been going on about re: Quantum of Solace has been the action scenes, and if you're an action scene junkie, then this movie is for you. As long as you can get through the middle third of the movie, anyway. (I spent said middle third wondering where I could see that incredibly cool version of Tosca, which I have since found out is available on DVD. Huzzah!) And the action scenes are, of course, pretty darned cool. Top of the line, in fact. As they should be, to try and mask (unsuccessfully) the fact that the plot gets lost a lot in this movie. Don't get me wrong, there is a plot, and with a bit of reflection when there's a lull in the action, you'll put the pieces together well enough, but it's too complex to get jammed into the shortest official Bond film ever made. (And perhaps that's the problem; as Casino Royale was the longest, maybe the screenwriters thought they'd have more time to explore some of the avenues that beg exploration here.)<br /><br />So, yeah: good action scenes, good main character, everything else falls flat. ***lds.) But still, Camille is pure as the driven snow; she lacks the moral ambiguity of Bond's character. (And even Bond realizes this. \\"You've never killed before, have you?\\" he asks, ever so gently.) Perhaps there's only room for one fully-developed character in a Paul Haggis script. Let's face it, that's one more than there was in Crash.    All that said, what everyone's been going on about re: Quantum of Solace has been the action scenes, and if you're an action scene junkie, then this movie is for you. As long as you can get through the middle third of the movie, anyway. (I spent said middle third wondering where I could see that incredibly cool version of Tosca, which I have since found out is available on DVD. Huzzah!) And the action scenes are, of course, pretty darned cool. Top of the line, in fact. As they should be, to try and mask (unsuccessfully) the fact that the plot gets lost a lot in this movie. Don't get me wrong, there is a plot, and with a bit of reflection when there's a lull in the action, you'll put the pieces together well enough, but it's too complex to get jammed into the shortest official Bond film ever made. (And perhaps that's the problem; as Casino Royale was the longest, maybe the screenwriters thought they'd have more time to explore some of the avenues that beg exploration here.)    So, yeah: good action scenes, good main character, everything else falls flat. ***
0307269752|4.0|This is an amazing mystery. Original and unlike the cookie-cutter murder mysteries that populate the shelves of airport bookstores. It's got unexpected twists and turns with credible and unusual characters. The story is also set in a part of the world that feels fresh and lightly explored.<br /><br />It wouldn't be fair to give away the plot, but this tale starts slowly and ramps up fast and furiously to an amazing crescendo. It's a great read and a great gift for adults and older teens. (There's a plot line involving some sadistic sexual behavior that may make you unpopular with parents if you give this it a 14-year-old.) It's a great read. I enjoyed it.
B0000029AL|5.0|Let's turn back the clock.<br /><br />1973.<br /><br />At school, my best friend gives me an album featuring a band I'd never heard of. . .some shaggy-headed guys calling themselves Aerosmith ('Cool name,' I thought).  \\"Take this home and play it,\\" says my friend.  \\"It will blow your mind.\\"  So I did.<br /><br />And it did.<br /><br />I always enjoy getting to the roots of a band--before commercialization and exploitation virtually ruin it (at the very least, taint it).  And Aerosmith's debut album (appropriately called AEROSMITH) has this group at its raw rock 'n roll finest.  Perry's riffs in 'Mama Kin' stand the test of time; and what can you say about Tyler's vocals in the ultimate rock ballad, 'Dream On'?  The dude has range, doesn't he?<br /><br />Thirty-plus years ago I was racing home from high school because I couldn't wait to put this album on my stereo (yes, stereo), crank it up, and rock; today I can't wait to put this CD into my player, crank it up, and rock.  That's the ultimate test of rock greatness, and Aerosmith's album AEROSMITH is one of rock's finest debut albums.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, [[ASIN:142573152X The Reckoning]]
0312370849|5.0|After being very disappointed in two \\"bestsellers\\"..one..an \\"OPRAH PICK\\", I picked this book up at Target..and am I glad I did..the author did a very good job of weaving fact and fiction..I had no idea that the French rounded up Jews and sent them to camps in 1942..I was very surprised, yet fascinated with the subject matter..Hope Oprah reads this one...I give it an A plus..    Janet from Maryland
0634022296|5.0|This book is a perfect reference for any musician. Transcriptions are 100% accurate and I cannot recommend this enough! Excellent!!!
B001ECQ75A|4.0|Item arrived on time and in good condition.  Haven't tried it out yet as it is a Christmas gift.  Saw it in the theater with the kids and enjoyed it, but it is somewhat violent.
B001GKJ2FC|1.0|Save your hard earned money, this film doesn't even rise to the level of mindless trash.
B0015ABRE2|5.0|My Husband and I love Dexter! It is the best series on TV rite now. I have not missed one episode in all 3 seasons! Can't wait to have them all on DVD so that I can watch them anytime I want!!!
B001GKYBXA|5.0|To those who claimed to be fans and gave this CD one star, I'd like to put in my two cents.    In most parts, the beautiful melodies we usually expect from Paul have been masked in layers and a maze of electronic instrumentation and creative production techniques.  The effect is a totally fresh sound that is artistic, mystical and is so much greater than the sum of the parts.  What more can you expect from someone who has already done so much for music?    Thanks Paul, Go Youth!
0743486285|5.0|This has got to be one of the best books I have ever read. It took me all of a day and a half. It is so detailed that I felt I was going thru all of the same stuff! Great writing on Nikki's part!
B001G9LVGG|5.0|I've always loved Loreena's voice, a rare mystical experience. There's no one quite like her out there. This Cd is a gem pure and simple. I really can't understand why Enya's album is number one, while this one is 26th. My only explanation is that too many people don't know of McKennitt's talent. That really is sad because she's a treasure. Trust me, you will not regret buying this one.
1416595546|5.0|Tolstoy told us, All happy families resemble one another; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.  This might be true of novels, too, and Sashenka is a fundamentally unhappy, but uniquely brilliant (or, as the critics might put it, \\"moving\\"), tale.  Oprah Winfrey would do well to echo of her selection of Anna Karenina by choosing Sebag-Montefiore's first work of fiction, a book that (all of my girlfriends and) I have been unable to put down.  How is it that this male writer was able to go inside the lives and minds of not one, but two compelling heroines, 1916's Alexandra Samuilovna Zeitlin and 1994's Katinka Vinsky?  Because he knows how women's minds work.  And he knows how Russia's mind works, too. After all, the only year potentially more dynamic, dangerous and symbolically transformative in Russia than 1916 or 1994 is the one before us: 2009.  Sashenka whets the appetite for the history about to unfold.
0767836286|5.0|Hollywood hasn't made a literate white-knuckled conspiracy thriller like director's Mark Pellington's \\"Arlington Road\\" in many moons. The genre ran out of steam in the late 1970s. The late Alan J. Pakula came closest to capturing the essence of the conspiracy thriller with two memorable efforts \\"The Parallax View\\" (1974) and \\"All The President's Men\\" (1976). Oliver Stone revived the genre briefly with \\"JFK,\\" but this star-studded marathon as good as it was lacked the visceral qualities of either Alfred Hitchcock's work or Pakula's pictures. Nothing about \\"JFK\\" surprised audiences. Stone, a filmmaker more controversial than any controversy he aroused, concerned himself more with uncovering the truth than captivating moviegoers. Indeed, David Miller's \\"Executive Action\\" (1973), a penny-thrifty thriller about the Kennedy assassination, entertains more than \\"JFK\\" on a fraction of its modest budget. Richard Donner's \\"Conspiracy Theory\\" (1997) and George P. Cosmatos' \\"Shadow Conspiracy\\" (1996) vanished almost as quickly as they showed up. Playwright David Mamet recaptured the ambiance of the conspiracy thriller with \\"The Spanish Prisoner\\", but the studio packed it off to the video rental shelves without much thought. Happily, after some doubts about whether it would open itself, \\"Arlington Road\\" made it to the big-screen. If he were alive, Alfred Hitchcock would probably applaud Mark Pellington for picking up where he left off.<br /><br />\\"Arlington Road\\" appropriates many of Hitchcock's conventions. Michael Faraday (Jeff Bridges of \\"Thunderbolt and Lightfoot\\") resembles the quintessential Hitchcock hero. He is an average Joe with a white-collar job. He doesn't sleep with a gun under his pillow, and he doesn't careen around in a souped-up sports car with fancy gadgets. He wears a necktie instead of a pistol. Actually, he teaches American history, and he is a widowed, single-father raising his nine-year old son, Grant Faraday (Spencer Clark Treat). Further, Hitchcock staged scenes of nail-gnawing suspense in the least dangerous settings. Remember the sun-lit cornfield in \\"North by Northwest?\\" Or the shower in \\"Psycho?\\" Or the church in \\"Vertigo?\\" Similarly, the action in \\"Arlington Road\\" takes place in areas usually considered crime free. Wide open public meeting areas, shopping malls, well-lit university classrooms, and the idyllic seclusion of the suburbs, replete with backyard barbecues and dinner parties with wholesome neighbors. The people that made \\"Arlington Road\\" rely on this deceptive faade of tranquility to distract audiences long enough before they hit them with the year's best paranoid thriller.<br /><br />\\"Arlington Road\\" opens with chilling images of a juvenile, Brady Lang (Mason Gamble), shambling down the middle of a street in an upper-middle-class, Virginia suburb on a bright sunny day. He clutches the charred stump of his hands. Blood dribbles onto his sneakers. Driving home from George Washington University where he lectures about terrorism, Michael Faraday spot the injured youth and speeds him to the emergency room. Michael neither knows who Brady is nor where he lives. Later, at the hospital, Brady's grateful parents, Oliver (Tim Robbins of \\"Mystic River\\") and his wife Cheryl (Joan Cusack of \\"Grosse Pointe Blank\\"), arrive and thank him. Initially, Michael is surprised to learn that the Langs live across the street from him. Oliver explains that Brady hurt himself while apparently fooling around with fireworks, but he dismisses the accident as nothing more than \\"a failed rocketry experiment.\\" Gradually, a closely knit relationship develops between Michael and the Langs. At the same time, Brady and Grant become fast friends. \\"Our house is your house,\\" Cheryl says with irony: \\"We're here for you, we really are.\\" At a dinner party, Faraday introduces the Langs to Brooke Wolfe (Hope Davis of \\"The Matador\\"), a former graduate student who is now his girlfriend and colleague. Cheryl compliments them; they make a cute couple. Oliver exhibits the work he does as a structural architect. Cheryl confines herself to the home as the happy housewife that never complains while she rears their two daughters and son. Apparently, the only difference between the Langs and TV's \\"Brady Bunch\\" is three children and a housekeeper.<br /><br />Meanwhile, \\"Reindeer Games\\" scenarist Ehren Kruger's award-winning script parcels out bits and pieces of exposition about Michael. Faraday's late wife (Laura Poe) worked for the FBI and died tragically in the line-of-duty when the Feds bungled a raid on the cabin of a suspected terrorist. \\"Leah died for her country,\\" Whit Carver (Robert Gossett), Leah's old partner at the FBI, consoles Michael. \\"She didn't have to,\\" Michael shakes his head in grief at her gravesite. Grant still suffers from the loss of his mom and bridles at the presence of Brooke, the new woman in Faraday's life. Michael himself has not totally recovered his Leah's death and pours his anxieties into his lectures about terrorism. As a history professor, Michael enjoys lecturing about domestic terrorism. He promotes conspiracy theories in the classroom and provides his students with hand-outs teeming with photos and news articles about anarchy. He refuses to believe that a single individual, no matter how resourceful, could carry out an act of terrorism on American soil without help.<br /><br />\\"The Mothman Prophecies\\" director Mark Pellington acquits himself admirably as a cinematic stylist of the highest order. After a whirlwind opening, Pellington lets the dust settle and carefully lets the tension build. Although Michael and the Langs grow closer as friends, our hero ferrets out incriminating evidence about the Langs that surprises and then disturbs him. He alienates his own son and Brooke thinks that he has lost his mind. As it turns out, Oliver isn't the man that he claims to be and Michael has the college year books to prove his point. Lenser Bobby Bukowski and Pellington surround Faraday with darkness and isolate him in their pictorial compositions. Even Wit Carver has doubts about Michael's sanity and warns him that he is heading toward oblivion. Pellington frames Faraday in increasingly tighter close-ups to suggest the mental claustrophobia that his crusade is causing him. Altogether, conspiracy theorists will want to watch \\"Arlington Road\\" over and over, especially in light of 9/11.hibits the work he does as a structural architect. Cheryl confines herself to the home as the happy housewife that never complains while she rears their two daughters and son. Apparently, the only difference between the Langs and TV's \\"Brady Bunch\\" is three children and a housekeeper.    Meanwhile, \\"Reindeer Games\\" scenarist Ehren Kruger's award-winning script parcels out bits and pieces of exposition about Michael. Faraday's late wife (Laura Poe) worked for the FBI and died tragically in the line-of-duty when the Feds bungled a raid on the cabin of a suspected terrorist. \\"Leah died for her country,\\" Whit Carver (Robert Gossett), Leah's old partner at the FBI, consoles Michael. \\"She didn't have to,\\" Michael shakes his head in grief at her gravesite. Grant still suffers from the loss of his mom and bridles at the presence of Brooke, the new woman in Faraday's life. Michael himself has not totally recovered his Leah's death and pours his anxieties into his lectures about terrorism. As a history professor, Michael enjoys lecturing about domestic terrorism. He promotes conspiracy theories in the classroom and provides his students with hand-outs teeming with photos and news articles about anarchy. He refuses to believe that a single individual, no matter how resourceful, could carry out an act of terrorism on American soil without help.    \\"The Mothman Prophecies\\" director Mark Pellington acquits himself admirably as a cinematic stylist of the highest order. After a whirlwind opening, Pellington lets the dust settle and carefully lets the tension build. Although Michael and the Langs grow closer as friends, our hero ferrets out incriminating evidence about the Langs that surprises and then disturbs him. He alienates his own son and Brooke thinks that he has lost his mind. As it turns out, Oliver isn't the man that he claims to be and Michael has the college year books to prove his point. Lenser Bobby Bukowski and Pellington surround Faraday with darkness and isolate himin their pictorial compositions. Even Wit Carver has doubts about Michael's sanity and warns him that he is heading toward oblivion. Pellington frames Faraday in increasingly tighter close-ups to suggest the mental claustrophobia that his crusade is causing him. Altogether, conspiracy theorists will want to watch \\"Arlington Road\\" over and over, especially in light of 9/11.
0312427999|5.0|There are very few books that actually fall into the \\"Must Read\\" category, but this is one of them.  This is as powerful an indictment of the fallacies and real life errors of neoliberalism as has been published.  Although the term \\"neoliberalism\\" is not widely known inside the United States, internationally it is known as the theory that markets can be self-regulating.  The fundamental problem with such a theory is that markets never have been self-regulating.  There is not a single example in all of human history of markets taking care of themselves.  As early as 1944 in his classic THE GREAT TRANSFORMATION, Karl Polanyi carefully worked his way through not only human history but also prehistory to show that markets have never tended towards self-regulation -- which, if as the Vienna School argued, it was the natural way that economic institutions tended towards.  In fact, markets throughout human history have involved tremendous cultural and political involvement.<br /><br />The natural response of the Neoliberals has been that if only government would get out of the way, market economies would function according to their meticulously laid out theories.  This response, Polanyi argued, pointed to the true nature of theories insisting that markets can be self-regulating:  they are pure Utopian pipe dreams.  Because the theories point to pure imaginaries, not anything that can ever be actual, they can always respond to any failure of free marketism that the problem was that the market was not sufficiently unregulated and unfettered.<br /><br />But the brute truth is that there is no tendency for markets to self-regulate and that in fact they cannot so do.  Naomi Klein's book details in horrific detail the attempts of a string of politicians and businessmen to attempt to make the impossible actual, with unvarying catastrophic results.  She details one instance after another of groups of politicians forcing -- frequently at the ends of bayonets -- countries to embrace what has come to be known as The Washington Consensus, as Milton Friedman's version of the idea has come to be known.  These men and women have held that nations' need to go through shocks to their economies, abandoning programs that protect markets, provide sustenance to the poor, liberalize their economies, and dismantle strong central governments.  These \\"shocks\\" are often accompanied with tremendous suppression of individual liberties, torture of the political opposition, and the wholesale selling of national assets to foreign corporations.  Nevermind that there are scant examples of The Washington Consensus actually working towards the economic well being of countries.  Well, unless you define \\"well-being\\" as the dramatic weakening of the poor and middle classes, and stimulus of extraordinary economic inequality and creation of a narrow economic elite.  I'll grant that neoliberalism is a wonderful tool for creating millionaires and billionaires, but the cost is that most citizens suffer loss and a lowered quality of life.<br /><br />Reading Klein's book is like reading a series of horror stories.  Over and over and over the same atrocities take place.  Insanity like this should not exist, but because the IMF and the World Bank has institutionalized these insane economic theories, Friedman's ideas have achieved the status of received wisdom, despite their repeated failure when applied to real life.<br /><br />Hopefully we are entering a period where these absurd economic ideas are jettisoned in favor of economic principles more closely attuned to the real world.  Virtually every country in the world with a high standard of living features a managed economy, a form of capitalism in which the national government plays a strong role in managing and regulating.  Over the past thirty years I've watched the quality of life in many other nations improve and improve while in the United States we've seen stagnation and decline and growing economic inequality.  I've online friends in countries like Norway and Germany with superior healthcare to the US and with astonishing benefits, such as 8 weeks of vacation a year (not to mention unlimited sick days).  They also can look forward to richer, more secure retirements.  Most Americans are unaware of just how much we have been shortchanged by our economy.  Given the Wall Street collapse the whole notion of a self-regulating economy (though inevitably the idiots who have pushed these nonsensical ideas at us in the past will concoct some silly narrative about how government and regulation was the cause of this mess, instead of the reverse) we are likely to see a short-term eclipse of free marketism.  Right now Keynes looks like the great wise owl and Friedman a silly goose, but if we aren't on guard some will try to reverse that.  John Kenneth Galbraith wrote that people's economic memories extend to about a decade.  Sometime around 2018 people will forget the mess that the economic and political philosophies generated both domestically and abroad by the ideas of Friedman and his ilk.  This is why books like Naomi Klein's are so valuable.  Though The Washington Consensus is currently discredited, it will stage a comeback.  We need this book to remind us why we should resist that.  We've seen thought similar to neoliberalism on several prior occasions.  It lay behind much of the economic thought that led to the economic catastrophes of the 1890s, the 1920s, and today.  It will unquestionably rear its ugly head again in the future.  But next time we need to fight and resist.  And Klein's book will remind us precisely why we must.Norway and Germany with superior healthcare to the US and with astonishing benefits, such as 8 weeks of vacation a year (not to mention unlimited sick days).  They also can look forward to richer, more secure retirements.  Most Americans are unaware of just how much we have been shortchanged by our economy.  Given the Wall Street collapse the whole notion of a self-regulating economy (though inevitably the idiots who have pushed these nonsensical ideas at us in the past will concoct some silly narrative about how government and regulation was the cause of this mess, instead of the reverse) we are likely to see a short-term eclipse of free marketism.  Right now Keynes looks like the great wise owl and Friedman a silly goose, but if we aren't on guard some will try to reverse that.  John Kenneth Galbraith wrote that people's economic memories extend to about a decade.  Sometime around 2018 people will forget the mess that the economic and political philosophies generated both domestically and abroad by the ideas of Friedman and his ilk.  This is why books like Naomi Klein's are so valuable.  Though The Washington Consensus is currently discredited, it will stage a comeback.  We need this book to remind us why we should resist that.  We've seen thought similar to neoliberalism on several prior occasions.  It lay behind much of the economic thought that led to the economic catastrophes of the 1890s, the 1920s, and today.  It will unquestionably rear its ugly head again in the future.  But next time we need to fight and resist.  And Klein's book will remind us precisely why we must.
B00008G8LF|2.0|The surplus of pomp in \\"Anna and the King\\" cannot hide its scarcity of passion. The fourth account of forbidden love between a widowed English governess and Asian royalty boasts impressive authenticity, but \\"Ever After\\" director Andy Tennant and co-scripters Steve Meerson and Peter Krikes neglect the heart of the story. When the climactic showdown between the hero and villain tops the best scene between the heroine and the hero, the filmmakers should have known they had emphasized the wrong elements. Credibly cast as they are, Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat come up short on chemistry because their roles allow them little intimacy. Ostensibly, \\"Anna and the King\\" emerges as an above-average historical costumer undercut by its dearth of romance.<br /><br />\\"Anna and the King\\" takes place in Siam during the 1860s. Anna arrives by ship in Bangkok with her son, Louis (Tom Felton) and two Indian servants to tutor the King's son in the 'scientific' ways of the West. Anna Leonowens (Jodie Foster of \\"Contact\\") finds herself immediately at odds with the monarch and the savage customs of Siam. She demands that he honors his word and allows her to live outside the walls of his palace, but he insists that she live within them. Eventually, in a contest of wills and wits, they grow to tolerate each other and he bestows on her an elegant house in the country. Later, instead of tutoring only his son, King Mongkut (Chow Yun-Fat of \\"The Killer\\") orders her to teach all 58 of his children! The relationship between King Mongkut and the British schoolmarm Anna Leonowens lacks theatrics. Tennant and his scenarists must take the blame for the shortage of emotional sparks. The leads are left alone together only twice in this two-hour plus epic. First, they quarrel over a tragic court verdict about two illicit lovers not entirely unlike themselves. Second, they hover on the threshold of intimacy during a night encounter on the beach, but propriety compels them to withdraw to their respective corners. Of course, miscegenation and politics create an impasse between them, but these characters seem doomed from the start in spite of their mutual admiration.<br /><br />Tennant excels at showing what keeps the King and Anna apart from each other. She worships the memory of her dead war hero husband, while he reigns over a volatile frontier kingdom troubled from within and without, sharing his passion and energy with his 23 wives and 42 concubines. Anna never exasperates the King as she did in the first two versions. Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat quarrel, but they never tear each other's clothes off for hot, sweaty sex.<br /><br />Finally, in the name of political correctness, an Asian actor portrays an Asian ruler. Chow Yun-Fat refuses to imitate his prestigious predecessors in his interpretation of the King. He wears the part well and delivers a performance that may be too subtle for his own good. Moreover, he shuns Yul Brynner's bombastic strut in director Walter Lang's 1956 musical and seems too restrained. Nevertheless, Yun-Fat's King is a sagacious sire. Although he is the absolute monarch, he knows that he can only bend traditions, not break them.<br /><br />The straight-forward, Steve Meerson and Peter Krikes screenplay resembles an anthology of Hollywood classics, among them: \\"King Solomon's Mines,\\" \\"The Robe,\\" \\"The Inn of the Sixth Happiness,\\" \\"Doctor Zhivago,\\" and \\"Out of Africa.\\" Asian action star Chow Yun-Fat maintains an authoritative presence throughout the action. Smoking a Clint Eastwood cheroot, the King stages an audacious stand-off against an enemy army, but Anna backs up his bluff and saves his neck.<br /><br />The filmmakers err in putting the background in the foreground and vice-versa. Too many peripheral issues displace the love story. \\"Anna and the King\\" concerns what you cannot have in life. Tennant fails to milk the plot for its melodrama.<br /><br />\\"Anna and the King\\" won't erase the indelible impression that the 1956 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical with Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner made on the minds of many moviegoers. Tennant's spin on this popular yarn about love lost looks spectacular and evokes a moment or two of passion, but he has emphasized politics over passion.<br /><br />Altogether, despite its sturdy cast, its breathtaking widescreen photography and its scenic Malaysian grandeur, \\"Anna and the King\\" amounts to an occasionally touching but tight-lipped tearjerker.nner made on the minds of many moviegoers. Tennant's spin on this popular yarn about love lost looks spectacular and evokes a moment or two of passion, but he has emphasized politics over passion.    Altogether, despite its sturdy cast, its breathtaking widescreen photography and its scenic Malaysian grandeur, \\"Anna and the King\\" amounts to an occasionally touching but tight-lipped tearjerker.
0307394549|5.0|If you love cookies, then you'll love this book! I love how the table of contents are pictures of the cookies! All the cookies are categorized by their texture, which helps you get a feel for the cookie and how it will taste in the end. This book is highly recommended!!!
B0007Y08IS|5.0|Great entertainment. Some of it may be \\"over the top\\" but that just adds the the humor. Between Kim Jung Il's rendition of \\"I'm so ronry\\" and the \\"puppet sex scene, this is very funny and not child friendly. Responsible parents wouldn't tempt their impressionables with this in the movie collection.
006091307X|4.0|Because it's so short, *The Crying of Lot 49* is likely the book those coming to Pynchon for the first time are most inclined to sample. It's not, however, anything but a shadow--in this case, a foreshadow--of his really great work. So one shouldn't form a definitive judgment on Pynchon based on what one finds here. Still, it's not a bad intro given the length and complexity of Pynchon's better-known signature novels.<br /><br />The story, stripped to its barest essentials, goes something like this: Oedipa Maas is informed that she's been named co-executor of the will of a former lover--a SoCal real-estate developer, Pierce Inveriarity. A rapid sequence of connected coincidences soon puts her on the trail of a secret postal service with a history stretching back to 15th century Europe.<br /><br />A semi-pornographic Renaissance play, a machine for measuring psychic ability, and a 12-step program to help kick the habit of falling in love--all these disparate elements and others even more disparate have their place in a mystery of an ancient underground organization whose age-old symbol of the muted post horn is turning up all over modern-day California. For it seems that the monopoly that the government has sought over communication is still being challenged in a shadow war for the rights to the free enterprise of privacy and information.<br /><br />Or not.<br /><br />The whole thing may just be a paranoid delusion Oedipa is suffering--or an elaborate practical joke someone is playing on her.<br /><br />If this sort of thing seems a little familiar, it's because it is--and Pynchon, one of the great originators and masters of conspiracy literature, has helped to make it so. I'm not certain I'd go on to read the rest had this been the first Pynchon novel I'd ever read, but I'd encourage the reader to do so if anything at all about *Lot 49* appeals to them. It feels a little dated and a little creaky, but *The Crying of Lot 49* is still a tight, dense, and--at less than 200 pages--occasionally surprising enough book to make it well worth reading.enough book to make it well worth reading.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Josh has an amazing voice in English or Spanish - We were so impressed with his version of You Raise Me Up that we had our soloist use it for my Dad's funeral.  Each of his CD's gives me goosebumps when I listen to them for his use of classical style with modern lyrics and the soulful depth of his voice.  Enjoy!
B001HXG8PK|4.0|Less than 6 months after the release of the original motion picture soundtrack, a 2-disc \\"Special Edition\\" is released obviously to cash in on the film's unprecedented box office success earning $530 million domestically and almost $1 billion worldwide making The Dark Knight the second highest grossing (unadjusted) film in history since the mighty Titanic.<br /><br />The teaming of James-Newton Howard and Hans Zimmer is the perfect synthesis of orchestral and electronic scoring and together they have created a bold, epic masterpiece that was edited and missing several cues on its initial soundtrack album and it was apparent that they were holding out some material for an inevitable expanded release further down the road.  Surprisingly, we didn't have to wait very long for it.<br /><br />While it is marketed as a \\"Special Edition\\" (not to be confused with the [[ASIN:B001AHM2C6 The Dark Knight Limited Edition]] digi-pack of the original release\\")  such wording can be misleading by giving the buyer the impression that they are getting the \\"complete\\" uncut score and for the price one would expect nothing less than the kind of exemplary release demonstrated by [[ASIN:B000BNI90O The Lord Of The Rings: Fellowship Of The Ring (The Complete Recordings)]] with correct arrangements and alternate versions.  Some may be disappointed that all of the unreleased cues appear entirely on Disc 2 while Disc 1 is a straight reissue of the original album that most fans probably already have and not in the proper sequential arrangement of the film.  For example Bank Robbery (Prologue) is track 1 on Disc 2 and \\"We Are Tonight's Entertainment\\" (Disc 2 track 9) should precede \\"A Little Push\\" (Disc 1 track 7), etc.  I prefer to listen to film scores in their linear film arrangement so if you want to listen to both CDs in their proper film sequencing it will require some daft \\"re-editing\\" since several tracks contain cues that were edited together such as \\"I'm Not A Hero\\" which follows the Bank Robbery scene but contains music from the Hong Kong scene appearing later in the film.<br /><br />This is a solid 5-star score and one of the most memorable film scores I have heard in a long time.  All of the previously unreleased cues are compiled onto the second disc and the 4 bonus electronica remixes are interesting but just seem more like filler material for the rest of the second disc.  I'm surprised they didn't just release these on a separate album entirely marketed as \\"Music Inspired By The Dark Knight.\\"  I would have preferred to hear composers' outtakes or alternate versions of the score instead and most importantly have them completely un-edited and arranged correctly.  On the other hand, the hardbound collector's booklet and the slipcase packaging are nice and help to give it \\"a little push\\" for collectors to have but it's kind of a tossup.  If you haven't already bought the original album, this is the obvious choice to buy but for those who already purchased it it's kind of a sneaky double-dip dilemma worthy of Two-Face himself, but a choice you'll have to make if you're a fan.<br /><br />This CD deserves a better class of soundtrack.k Robbery scene but contains music from the Hong Kong scene appearing later in the film.<br /><br />This is a solid 5-star score and one of the most memorable film scores I have heard in a long time.  All of the previously unreleased cues are compiled onto the second disc and the 4 bonus electronica remixes are interesting but just seem more like filler material for the rest of the second disc.  I'm surprised they didn't just release these on a separate album entirely marketed as \\"Music Inspired By The Dark Knight.\\"  I would have preferred to hear composers' outtakes or alternate versions of the score instead and most importantly have them completely un-edited and arranged correctly.  On the other hand, the hardbound collector's booklet and the slipcase packaging are nice and help to give it \\"a little push\\" for collectors to have but it's kind of a tossup.  If you haven't already bought the original album, this is the obvious choice to buy but for those who already purchased it it's kind of a sneaky double-dip dilemma worthy of Two-Face himself, but a choice you'll have to make if you're a fan.<br /><br />This CD deserves a better class of soundtrack.
B001DTPZNY|3.0|Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull will satisfy those fans of endless action.  Some of the action is beyond believability.  What made the previous films enjoyable was the element of realism with just the right amount of fantasy.  Finding a way to evade the rolling boulder is more plausible than surviving Ground Zero in a refrigerator.  This is just one example.  I was beginning to think Indy was more Wile E. Coyote than anything else.     It would have been better to see Indy think his way out of situations in an entertaining manner.  Think of the would be Scimitar Fight scene in Raiders.  This would be appropriate since Indiana Jones is 18 years older and should be wiser by that much.    The film would have been more effective with Indy and just one other person in his party.  His party had a clunky Dungeons and Dragons feel to it.  It could have been John Hurt, Karen Allen, Shia Labouef, the other archeologist, but JUST one of them would have been sufficient for this film.      As for the bad guys...  Cate Blanchette is a fine actress, but not for this role.  I was reminded more of Boris Badenov and Natasha from Rocky and Bullwinkle than a fearsome Soviet agent.  There are many fine Eastern European actresses that could have played this role.  Her party could have been pared down as well.  The Soviets seemed to be less efficient and more comic than the Nazis in Raiders.    This film was enjoyable for the action and chase sequences.  The ending was a pleasant one.  No more sequels though.
B001G7SS96|4.0|I understand what some of the negative reviews are saying, but the fact is they're not reviewing this product. They're reviewing the version of this movie that played in theaters which was a very good movie that was completely ruined by it's own ending.<br />This version of the movie, which has the original ending (Not the ending shown in theaters) is great. It's Oscar worthy. It blew me away. It feels like a completely different movie than the one shown in theaters, with a completely different message at the end more in line with the book that the movie is based on. I wholeheartedly recommend this disc.
B000WPAG1Q|5.0|Christina Aguilera just keeps gettin better in EVERYTHING she does, i recommend this for ANY christina fan, or anyone who can apprieciate the BEST VOICE IN THE WORLD<br />she sounds amazing and she puts on an outstanding performance!!!!
B001ED7C58|5.0|Great collection of music. Listening to the soundtrack brings back visual images of the movie and get to enjoy over and over!
055358894X|4.0|Minor spoilers to follow.    First of all, let me say this: I am sucker for first books in the series. My usual tactic is to order up a basket of \\"Book ones\\", read through them, throw the horrible ones in the waste basket (I'll refrain from naming those not to anger the fanbois of Mala.. oops, said too much there), put the so-so ones on the bottom shelves (First Law, Prince of Nothing), and fill the rest with the good ones.   Lies of Locke Lamora belongs right in the middle - a fair place, because the top shelves are reserved for such that it is doubtful any book to ever be published yet will ever take those.    Now, for the review.    The excellent: Setting.  It is like the blurb from mr.GRRM on the cover says - fresh. It is believeable. It is a blend of a couple of things - as named by previous reviewers, the Godfather and Ocean movies come to mind. Everything from the episode of Cribz that we witness moving down the blind priest's temple's basement, to the pawn shop, to the Capo's HQ. Good stuff.    The good: Plot.  Not to reveal much, but the book is a solid page turner. Dues to be paid for the deaths, body in a cask, the wine merchant plot, all is well until we come to...    The bad: Ending.  Anyone else has a deja vu feeling? I sure do. Once again, no spoilers. By the way, I really thought the Thiefmaker was the Grey King with some cool reasoning behind it. Alas. WTB better villains.    The ugly: Dialogue.  I am no prude, really, and I couldn't care less for the THINKOFTHECHILDREN crowds, but the cursing simply does not fit the world. It feels too modern. It just does, I am sorry. Many have mentioned the abundance of one-liners where the author simply went for the \\"lite\\" hero stuff we've all heard/read before.     With all this being said, the book deserves solid 4 stars and I will be looking forward to the next installments.
0375826726|3.0|I really loved [[ASIN:0440240735 Eragon (Inhertitance)]].  I thought that [[ASIN:0440238498 Eldest (Inheritance)]] was kind of dry and just didn't have the same spark as Eragon.    When I heard that the third and *final* book of the Inheritance Trilogy was being published I figured that it was worth finishing things off.    In the end, I thought that [[ASIN:0375826726 Brisingr (Inheritance, Book 3)]] was about the same quality as Eldest.   There was *some* interesting content.  But this was matched by many parts that dragged on.        But the thing that kept me motivated was knowing that by the time I got to the end of the book, things would be wrapped up and over.  So, I kept slogging through in anticipation of the grand finale.    Unfortunately, much to my dismay, the Inheritance Trilogy turned into the Inheritance Quadrilogy and, rather than wrapping up all of the stories with a nice bow, Brisingr just felt like another \\"middle book\\" not really moving the plot along.    I would have been much happier if Paolini had stuck with the original plan of a trilogy; hopefully it would have moved things along at a better clip.  Instead, we're left with one great book to begin the series followed by two slow books that could probably each be chopped in half without sacrificing much.    And so now we wait until the *real* (hopefully) final book in the series.  I still hold out hope that the final book will return to the greatness of Eragon, but Brisingr didn't do much to make me believe this will be the case.
0767812166|2.0|I love Starman and have been waiting for a wide screen version forever.  What's up with this full screen nonsense?   I advise people to wait and buy the DVD when the studio wises up and releases the widescreen version all the fans of this movie deserve!
0596527055|2.0|This book is structured as a set of chapters, each focusing on a supposed \\"myth of innovation\\" that the author then shoots down and explains why the myth isn't true.    The problem that I had was that I didn't believe in the myths in the first place.  Instead, I felt that they were strawman arguments put up there to be easily disputed.    It would have been a heck of a lot more meaningful to me had I felt like he was challenging my thinking about the world.  Instead, it seemed to me more that he was stating the obvious.    Because of this I was bored reading through this and felt like there was very little real content.    Are these *really* myths? Do people really believe these myths in the first place?  Or are they mythical myths?
B0006IJ5PM|4.0|Is there a such thing as \\"I\\" in  TEAM? Critics may argue this question, but when it comes to the film Friday Night Lights (2004), based on a true story about one high school football team in West Texas, there is no \\"I\\" in TEAM. The film follows the true events of the Odessa-Permian Panthers, an elite high school football team in West Texas, in 1988. The game of football isn't just something to do in this die-hard football town, but more like life or death where expectations of an undefeated season and winning the state championship is not only an achievement, but a requirement!    Critics could argue that there is an \\"I\\" in TEAM in the beginning of the movie where the Panther's star player, James `Boobie' Miles (Derek Luke from NJ), makes the thought of losing unimaginable. That stands true, until Boobie suffers a severe season-ending knee injury in the first game of the season  which automatically results more in teamwork than in the performance of one `key' player. The film does a great job with its handling of the needed injured athlete facing an unknown future by adding suspense . Since revealing the character would spoil the film, the audience can see the actor (Derek Luke) give an amazing performance of great burning frustration, drawing sympathy from them in a way that the character's previous arrogance did not. The film portrays this character's conflict very well by showing this frustration as he awaits his unknown future.   With a few losses later in the season, the coach, Gary Gaines (Billy Bob Thornton), goes from hero to zero in the eyes of the supporters. Friday Night Lights portrays what a real football season is like with the pressures of life and supporters. Although they didn't have the undefeated season as expected, the Panthers still manage to succeed in making it to the state championship with teamwork and individuals who step-up into the fame. With screenwriter, Peter Berg's shaky camera shots, the viewers see that this isn't your typical football movie, instead, more like a reality show that adds a little extra legitimacy to the standard components: the constant parental pressures, the die-hard obsessive town, the hot-headed coach, the odds push toward the big game.  Despite the many components in action, this emotionally fulfilling journey ends with an unexpected twist unlike most films.    Despite the many conflicts and pressures of high school, supporters, as well as family, Friday Night Lights isn't about the performances of each player, but more about what happens in the hearts of each of them. The film is about both the sport and the problems that each individual player faces during their bumpy season. Without a doubt,  Friday Night Lights is by far the best sports movie ever made, and a personal favorite, that everyone must see!
B001E5FYS8|5.0|On the surface, Man on Wire may appear to be a straightforward documentary about an eccentric high wire artist who is either incredibly brave, or incredibly stupid. But if you look closer, you might discover one of the best suspense thrillers/heist movies of 2008, although no guns are drawn and nothing gets stolen. It is also one of the most romantic films I've seen this year, although it is not a traditional love story. Existential and even a tad surreal at times, it is ultimately a deeply profound treatise on following your bliss.    Late in the summer of 1974, a diminutive Frenchman named Philippe Petit made a splash (of the figurative kind, luckily) by treating unsuspecting NYC morning commuters to the sight of a lifetime: a man taking a casual morning stroll across a \\" steel cable, stretched from rooftop to rooftop between the two towers of the then-unfinished World Trade Center, 1350 feet skyward. After traversing the 200 foot wide chasm with supernatural ease, he decided to turn around and have another go. And another. And another. All told, Petit made 8 round trips, with only one brief but memorable rest stop. He took a breather to lie on his back (mid-wire) and enjoy what had to have been the ultimate Moment of Zen ever experienced in the history of humankind, contemplating the sky and enjoying a little chit-chat with a seagull.     Now, a stunt like this doesn't just happen on a whim. There are a few logistical hurdles to consider beforehand. Like how do you transport 450 lbs of steel cable to the roof of one tower of the World Trade Center, and then safely tether it across to its twin? A clandestine operation of this magnitude requires meticulous planning, and at least a couple trustworthy co-conspirators. Sounds like the makings of a classic heist film, no?    All of this potential for a cracking good true-life tale was not lost on director James Marsh, who enlisted the still spry and charmingly elfin Petit, along with a few members of his \\"crew\\" to give a first-hand account of events leading up to what can perhaps best be described as a \\"performance art heist\\". Marsh also deserves kudos for his excellent choice of music; the accompaniment of Peter Green's sublime, haunting guitar instrumental \\"Albatross\\" to one of Petit's more balletic high wire walks is an unexpected treat, making for a truly transcendent cinematic moment.    Of course, the foremost question on anyone's mind would be \\"Why did he do it?\\" At the time, he enigmatically offered \\"When I see three oranges, I juggle; when I see two towers, I walk.\\" Petit himself remains a bit elusive on the motivations for his stunts. The director doesn't really push the issue, which I think is a wise choice. When you watch the mesmerizing footage of Petit floating on the air between the towers of Notre Dame, the Sydney Harbour Bridge and then ultimately the World Trade Center, you realize that it is simply an act of pure aesthetic grace, like a beautiful painting or an inspired melody. And you also suspect that he does it...because he can. That's impressive enough for me, because I can barely balance a checkbook, and when it comes to heights, I get a nosebleed from thick socks.
0439023483|5.0|This book is just incredible. From the first page to the last, it keeps you hooked. There is always something going on in the story. The way it is written is great too. It is written like we would all live it and remember it. From the moments of now, to the memories of years ago, it all fits and describes something more than just a story.     A great read. Well written.
1569874298|2.0|ISBN 1569874298 - Hard as it is to believe, it is possible to demolish this most classic of Christmas tales. This pop-up edition does a fine job of making a mess of the story.<br /><br />Ebenezer Scrooge is a terrible miser, and a terrible uncle. His nephew, Bob Cratchit, works for him in his counting house and invites Scrooge to a holiday party; Scrooge responds by threatening to fire Cratchit if he mentions Christmas again. That night, the ghost of Scrooge's old partner Marley visits him to warn him that he will be visited by three spirits. Shown what a life he might have had, Scrooge wakes on Christmas morning a new man, and joins his nephew's party as the first step toward a new, less greedy, life.<br /><br />I realize that the story had to be trimmed to fit a childrens' book, but this is ridiculous. The book is a mere 8 pages and four of those pages are taken up by pop-ups, so it's actually reduced to four. The visits from the three spirits are covered in two pages, about 4 paragraphs; if any child can find the message in that rushed telling, they're too old for pop-up books in the first place. Bob Cratchit and his family is merged with Scrooge's nephew and family, which works okay. Tiny Tim is Scrooge's grand-nephew and has no physical ailment, which does not work - it is the child's embrace of life and everyone in it, in the face of his disability, that makes the story truly touching. The pop-ups are colorful and attractive but, like most pop-ups, a little flimsy and easily damaged. There are so many superb versions of this story out there that this one simply isn't worthwhile.<br /><br />- AnnaLovesBooks
B000UR366S|5.0|Joni Mitchell has made me fall in love with her again.  Like all work of genius, this deepens and shines with each listening. With humor, honesty, love for we flawed humans, passion for the earth and her creatures, she taps into heretofore unknown rhythms which give such pleasure to know.  It is beautiful.
B0001ZX0PG|2.0|totally over the top. zillions of great actors attracted to a highly flawed project by a big name who does a terrible job directing.  don't believe me?  watch it yourself. be my guest.  but better not to.    serendipidous trailer: \\"if you are enjoying this, you will love 'fargo'\\".  In math we call such statements true by vacuous hypothesis, i.e. a false assumption impiies anything.
B000PKX2KA|2.0|after reading tons about usb gps for months, i got this little device.  seems to pick up ok with the test software. but is absolutely useless as a gps receiver for the mac. I have windows software to run it, but that sucks because then I'm on windows. do yourself a favor and get a real gps device instead of any of these silly usb gps receivers.
159448385X|5.0|The story of modern Afghanistan differs little from that nation's long history: war and war and war again as invading armies marched in to suffer defeat at the hands of tribesmen and geography. It is that region's misfortune to lie between glittering prizes desired by the world's tyrants and then, in wars' wake, to fall prey to religious zealotry. This compelling novel comprises the lives of two modern Afghani women shaped by the personal violence of sharia and the impersonal desecration of war. Khaled Hosseini has also delivered a tale of heroic loyalty and love that extend across miles and mountains and generations.<br /><br />Along the way one gleans a good bit of information about the region's recent history and gains a South Asian perspective on the outside world which has supplied the armaments with which Pashtuns and Tajiks and the Northern Alliance and the Taliban have butchered each other of late. Hosseini's most telling achievement, however, is to give the reader a horrific picture of the cruelty and mindlessness of modern warfare and then exceed that horror in his depiction of marital brutality. No matter how ghastly the effect of rockets and land mines and Kalashnikovs, it is the battering and dehumanization endured by women and sanctioned by a religion and culture and law that will cut to your heart.<br /><br />A brilliant novel.
0790733226|5.0|The scope of this movie is truly a rare thing that is rarely seen in Hollywood.
B001G5ZKZS|4.0|I saw Rush four times throughout the two different tour set lists.  I do prefer this version.      I agree with most reviews and will not echo what they said verbatim.    I will say, even though another guy was ripped apart by some of you, that the audio is a bit off for me.  At times the audio does clip, just a bit.  In my opinion it was recorded just a bit too hot.  Geddy's bass could be brought up a bit, but I cringe to think of that really treble'y tone that was kind of overwhelming in Rush in Rio.     If you listen to it at high volumes as most Rush fans will, you wont notice it.  At low volumes, esp. if you compare it to the audio CD version, its just a bit hot (not much, just a bit).    They were much more fresh during this show as well.  I can tell from seeing them in Hershey in 2008 that they were a bit road-weary by that point, so its good this was recorded earlier.      Visually it was good.  However, I think at times the picture seemed a bit dark, esp during the lasers.  I am not into HD recording, but I know from other DVDs that the picture seems to get adjusted for certain lighting (David Gilmour during Echoes on Live at the RAH- you can see the picture at the beginning was grainy, but the lighting was enhanced and more clear).  From seeing the show, the lasers in the outdoor venues were much brighter than what the DVD shows.  Witch Hunt was another example of this.  The green just wasnt as bright as you would expect from an indoor show.    Hopefully the next tour, there will be some changes in the setlist. For me who is a younger fan, its great to have these recordings as keepsakes of the tours that I saw.  On the same note, it shows many aspects of Rush's show that haven't changed.  The dragon during One Little Victory, Dreamline lasers, the same lighting during Between the Wheels, Natural Science used the same DNA spinning on the screens from the Vapor Trails tour (and before you guys jump on me for criticizing the lighting saying its not product related, I would argue it is product related since visually we are seeing the same visuals from years prior).  On a high note, they didn't play Roll the Bones this time.    I think the show does succeed in proving Rush is a great live experience.  I found myself during certain aspects of the show getting that same thrill that I get when you experience these guys live.  This also further proves the musicianship of these guys.  It was a solid performance.  I like that Rush doesn't seem to do the protools like other bands do to correct every little mistake (Pink Floyd was known for doing this, going back in the studio to correct pitches and correct mistakes for live recordings).  Its also great they released the entire show this time as well unlike R30.      This is a great buy and a great value.
B001GQACGO|3.0|While this may not be Beyonce's most commercially stimulating work (absolute lack of hit singles or 'hooks'), you have to give her props for making something so different and challenging. I think this record, despite selling so much initially, will start dividing people who blindly used to eat up everything Beyonce used to produce.<br /><br />\\"I Am\\" (2-CD Set) has one thing as a constant - each track is very different, very well-produced, but all very 'sonically challenging'. By this, I mean that once the record is over you might not be able to remember even a single tune - seriously, it takes some serious investing to get anything out of this. But as an artistic statement, I do respect it. Its just that this is one of those repeat play albums that just may not work the first or fifth time. It takes about seven spins to get into it, and in this day and age, who has that kind of time and respect for artistic purpose?<br /><br />Also, there are some horrendous lyrical clunkers that are really embarrassing. I guess my music collection is pretty cheesy, but the songs here were scraping the bottom of even that proverbial barrel. \\"Video Phone\\" for example just made me feel really old. Do we really needs these songs about todays' generation taping themselves in sexually provocative positions and beaming them across the universe? Also, while Disc 1, the slow jam collection, is pretty solid, its also a snoozefest by the end of it. Disc 2 is more upbeat, but again, there is a certain sameness to it all. Remember all those J-Lo tracks featuring Mystikal featuring Ludacris featuring Da Brat etc? Its like that.<br /><br />But through it all, there seems to be some sort of urgency, some sort of statement, some sort of artistic vision - I just don't know what it is. Its certainly a woman growing up, etc, but I only wish the music was more solid to validate my purchase of it. For the record, the first time I played this in the car it sounded really dreadful, and the second time on my Ipod, some songs sounded really great and VERY different.<br /><br />I suggest listening to the whole album on headphones rather than a traditional speaker system as I think its made for more intimate one-on-one listening.<br /><br />Three Stars. Semi-Groundbreaking but definitively Average.ded really great and VERY different.    I suggest listening to the whole album on headphones rather than a traditional speaker system as I think its made for more intimate one-on-one listening.    Three Stars. Semi-Groundbreaking but definitively Average.
0956010903|5.0|For the folks that are saying the CE is cheaper looking than they expected I just do NOT understand. We got ours today and it is lovely, beautifully constructed and looks fabulous!    I do feel sorry for the folks that got defective ones and I hope Amazon can fix that situation.    But honestly I think this book is very much worth the money we spent not just because it goes to charity but because it is very good quality. All clean pages, the display box it comes in is great and the extra illustrations are neat. JK is obviously not a superb artist but she is more skilled than I expected and I really like everything about this book and am thrilled to have it!
0747267626|5.0|This was my 1st Evanovich book ever read and I was hooked, went out and bought the whole series. I cant get enough.
B001GZ6QC4|3.0|I wil not get into a review of the film itself, other than to say its an outstanding movie...far transending the genre into a truly imaginative frightening film. The DVD on the other hand is insultingly bad. Poor resolution...artifacts...edge enhancement....lots of compression...poor black levels...etc. Its dvds like this that make some believe that studios, especially Warrner Brothers are intentionaly degrading the potental quality on standard DVD to help push Blu Ray. Until this dvd I thought that was some paranoid delusion on the part of some film fans, but this DVD is so shoddy ...especially for such a film, that I can almost believe that they may be on to something. Shame on Warner Brothers for this truly sub standard DVD. I am a television producer, so I know what a DVD can and should look like...and this is NOT it!!!
0312360266|5.0|This book is fantastic. I read it in one sitting! It is a real page turner for sure. Erik Night is definatly growing with a burning passion for her. And what is going on with Aphrodite. I think Damien and the twins definatly need someone. SOOO SOOON!!!
B0000041Z5|5.0|Among American-based conductors, George Szell was almost universally praised for his Brahms recordings, while Solti (arriving on the scene two decades after Szell) was rather overlooked. When they did talk about his Brahms, reviewers fell back on cliches about Solti's hard-driving style. But in reality he tamed himself in the Austro-German orchestral classics from Haydn to Brahms, and if anything, his Beethoven in particular is too faceless and ordinary, desptie heroic playing from the Chicago Sym.<br /><br />So here I am, decades later, jsut looking into Solti's Brahms cycle, and it satisfies me considerably more than Szell's. Recorded sound has a good deal to do with that. Compared to the thin, hissy sonics that Szell received from Epic, his original label, Decca's are warm, detailed, and dramatic in their impact. The two orchestras, Cleveland and Chicago, are equally impressive -- that goes without saying. As to general style, Szell and Solti (both emigre Hungarians) grew up under the sway of Toscanini, but where Szell maintained much of the maestro's fierceness and unrelenting propulsion, Solti (ironically enough) could be more expansive and yielding, at least in this Brahms cycle.<br /><br />To see what I mean, compare their respective Sym. No. 1. Szell's sonic handicap is eased by a good remastering from Sony, so the margin there isn't as wide. And it must be said that in both cycles the First is one of the strongest, if not the very strongest entry. To my ears, Solti sounds more fervent and involved, however. The mysterious string pizzicato section that introduces the finale slightly lets down in tension, but that's the smallest quibble. Overall, Solti's ability to maintain dramatic tension is fully the equal of Szell's, and the added warmth and flexibility of his reading gives him the edge.<br /><br />The rest of the cycle proceeds in the same vein. In Solti's hands the pastoral Second is generally relaxed, if not really personal or expressive enough to match the great ones. The tricky opening of the Third is handled as well as Karajan does it (a high compliment), with stupendous playaing from the orchestra. The woodwind choir that opens the second movement is far better recorded than it is for Karajan. Tempo adjustments are skillful in both middle movements, and the finale bursts into jubilaiton, as it should. The opening of the Fourth is given a forward-moving reading that reminds me, happily, of Carlos Kleiber. The voicing of brass and woodwinds in the second movement is impeccable, the mood haunting. The Scherzo races along in high spirits.  The finale bursts dramatically on to the scene, and although Solti doesn't attempt the tragic processinal delivered by Furtwangler, his heroic, outgoing approach has its own virtues.<br /><br />In all, this is a sweeping cycle that cries out to be noticed. It's the high point in Solti's work outside Wagner and Strauss.h the great ones. The tricky opening of the Third is handled as well as Karajan does it (a high compliment), with stupendous playaing from the orchestra. The woodwind choir that opens the second movement is far better recorded than it is for Karajan. Tempo adjustments are skillful in both middle movements, and the finale bursts into jubilaiton, as it should. The opening of the Fourth is given a forward-moving reading that reminds me, happily, of Carlos Kleiber. The voicing of brass and woodwinds in the second movement is impeccable, the mood haunting. The Scherzo races along in high spirits.  The finale bursts dramatically on to the scene, and although Solti doesn't attempt the tragic processinal delivered by Furtwangler, his heroic, outgoing approach has its own virtues.<br /><br />In all, this is a sweeping cycle that cries out to be noticed. It's the high point in Solti's work outside Wagner and Strauss.
0956010903|4.0|I knew it wouldn't take long for J.K. Rowling to produce some other book related to her bestselling \\"Harry Potter\\" series.<br /><br />Admittedly the main link (aside from an important appearance in Rowling's prior novel) is that the \\"The Tales of Beedle The Bard\\" are all given a hefty postscript by the late Albus Dumbledore, headmaster of Rowling's fictional magic academy. It's a very quick children's book with some old-fashioned fairy tales in the Brothers Grimm mold, and a slightly tongue-in-cheek (but overly long) examinations afterward.<br /><br />First there's the tale of an extraordinarily selfish young wizard, whose father bequeaths him a cauldron and a slipper. When the wizard refuses to help the local Muggles, the cauldron suddenly sprouts a brass foot and starts pursuing him, making his life a living hell until he starts helping people other than himself.<br /><br />Then three young witches are attempting to get to the Fountain of Fair Fortune -- one is seriously ill, one is poor, and one got dumped. They end up accompanied by an extremely unlucky knight, and they are forced to handle three obstacles before they can get to the fountain.<br /><br />Then it's a somewhat darker tale about a warlock who lives alone because he cares nothing for anyone, until a visitor bruises his ego by suggesting that he can't get a wife -- leading him to pursue a sweet, wealthy and gorgeous young woman. But she is frightened by the warlock's heartless nature -- and when he reveals his \\"treasure\\" to her, tragic consequences ensue.<br /><br />There's a tale about a king who tries to gain control of all his kingdom's magic, capturing all the witches and trying to learn magic himself. His instructor is nothing but a greedy faker, who quickly enters into a minor war with the king's washerwoman Babbitty -- who may be an actual witch. Finally, the story of three brothers offered three gifts by Death -- who, of course, has an ulterior motive. Don't they always?<br /><br />For the record, \\"The Tales of Beedle the Bard\\" is a very short book -- only about a hundred shortish pages long. Unlike the bestselling \\"Harry Potter\\" series (where \\"Tales of Beedle the Bard\\" apparently took on a pivotal role) this book is clearly for children -- especially since each one is a clear moral message. An adult or older kid will probably blow through this book in half an hour, maximum.<br /><br />And at least half of that is made up of the preface (explaining the fictional history of the stories -- including that this is a new translation by Hermione Granger) and the quirky analyses (apparently by Albus Dumbledore). In fact, too much space is taken up by the analyses, although they are cleverly written and have a touch of satire (such as the account of someone trying to \\"clean up\\" the tales, with nauseating results).<br /><br />And J.K. Rowling's slightly tongue-in-cheek prose and sprightly imagination work well with the fairy tale format. She gives the stories some nicely gruesome imagery (the twisted, hair-covered heart) and a medieval flavour with tiny rural villages, magical quests, kings, knights, a deathly psychopomp and a sprightly witchy washerwoman who's far cleverer than anyone expects. And though witches and wizards come into play during the stories, the focus is on their personalities and trials rather than their magic.<br /><br />As for this particular edition of the book, it has the unusual feature of being contained in a little bag inside a box that looks like a much bigger, grander book. The skull with the faux-jewel eyes is kind of goofy-looking, but the metal ornamentation adds a nice atmosphere to the actual book. There's also a bunch of new illustrations, a duplicate introduction, and a few other little details. It's not really a hundred dollars' worth, though -- the quality isn't good enough to entail that.<br /><br />J.K. Rowling's \\"Tales of Beedle the Bard\\" is way too short, but her fairy tales are clever and well-written, and the afterwordsare even cleverer.
B0009OAVHY|5.0|Early 1971's [[ASIN:B000000HTL H to He, Who Am the Only One]] was a remarkable masterpiece in which Van Der Graaf generator managed like no other band before to make genuine rock music largely out of non-rock instruments - chiefly Hugh Banton's organ and David Jackson's dense saxophone, which made for songs with an energy and depth that almost no guitar band could produce.<br /><br />In October of 1971 Van Der Graaf followed up with \\"Pawn Hearts\\", an even more epic piece consisting only of three songs, all over ten minutes in length. Whereas the songs on \\"H to He, Who Am the Only One\\" had been generally free-flowing, \\"Lemmings\\", the opening track on \\"Pawn Hearts\\" is something of a departure with its stop-start playing. Nonetheless, the explosive, emotional playing remains despite the softer tone, and listening just now I can understand why Hamill was called a male [[ASIN:B000068QZP Laura Nyro]] because of his dramatic shouts in the chorus. The way \\"Lemmings\\" changes mood even as it maintains the grim lyrics right through keeps up interest in a remarkable manner.<br /><br />\\"Man-Erg\\", the second track, is harder owing to the presence of actual guitar by Robert Fripp, and in some way is not that far from a conventional big-ballad or power ballad. Yet, the fierce, fast part three minutes in makes almost anything in the world seem utterly tame with Jackson's free, spontaneous saxophone work and Guy Evans' dense, brutal drum power. Yet, the reflective part beginning with \\"But stalking in my cloisters/Hang the acolytes of gloom\\" is stunning in its beauty and Hamill's voice sounds soulful in a manner one would never expect. The lyrics are a meditation on how we all can commit the most evil deeds, and are distinctly tearjerking in a way that belies the song's power.<br /><br />The second side of \\"Pawn Hearts\\" is entirely occupied by the nine-part \\"A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers\\". The beginning is distinctly soft, but Hamill's voice sounds extremely big on the first crescendo two and a half minutes in, after the catchy line \\"I prophesy disaster\\". It then moves onto a long series of alternating between the various moods Hamill created on the previous two tracks, from solos to hyperspeed poetry recitals. Though it has all the qualities that made Van Der Graaf Generator great, \\"A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers\\" is a very hard listen because the texture changes are so abrupt and random.<br /><br />Nonetheless, \\"Pawn Hearts\\" is a completely satisfying follow-up to the masterpiece \\"H to He, Who Am The Only One\\" and the first side could be considered to surpass it. For epic drama extremely few if any in music history beat Van Der Graaf.in, after the catchy line \\"I prophesy disaster\\". It then moves onto a long series of alternating between the various moods Hamill created on the previous two tracks, from solos to hyperspeed poetry recitals. Though it has all the qualities that made Van Der Graaf Generator great, \\"A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers\\" is a very hard listen because the texture changes are so abrupt and random.    Nonetheless, \\"Pawn Hearts\\" is a completely satisfying follow-up to the masterpiece \\"H to He, Who Am The Only One\\" and the first side could be considered to surpass it. For epic drama extremely few if any in music history beat Van Der Graaf.
0316017922|5.0|What a fun read! Malcolm Gladwell is a great teacher, finding just the right examples to make his points in ways that opened my eyes and my mind. What he says in his final chapter, \\"The lesson here is very simple. But it is striking how often it is overlooked\\", could be applied to all of the chapters in Outliers but the author's gift is to powerfully illustrate these lessons so that we will be moved to action.     Malcolm Gladwell has a very serious purpose in this book: he wants us to set aside our fear of social stereotyping and to address the social and environmental roots of inequality of opportunity. He cleverly advances his cause by focusing on successful outliers, which we all enjoy reading about.
0312360266|1.0|Seriously!  This book is just horrible.  I read about 20 pages of it and I couldn't handle it anymore so I passed it on to a friend and she read about 10 pages and gave it back to me!
B00065F86U|3.0|I gave this product 3 stars because I can't vouch for its quality. As for its function, you do NOT need this piece OR the accompanying EN-EL4(a) battery to get 8fps. The MB-10 batter pack comes with cartridge for 8 AA batteries. Save yourself $240 and invest in a set of rechargable AAs.
031606792X|5.0|Melissa Miller's analysis of Breaking Dawn is very much in sync with my own thoughts. Every element and challenge in BD was seeded throughout the previous three books so that the story moved smoothly and excitingly to its conclusion.    I especially enjoyed the third section where vampire Bella comes into her own. All of Bella's admirable qualities - bravery, compassion, determination and love for family and friends - are logically enhanced along with her special \\"blocking\\" ability. She is the same Bella at heart and happily, the klutziness is gone.     All of her relationships continue to grow in a way that is consistent with her previous feelings and experiences. The development of her relationships with Edward, Renesmee and the Cullen family are particularly wonderful and satisfying to read. As we all hope to do, Bella continues to grow and at the end of the book we know that growth will continue.    After all the struggles in books 1-3, I think a happy ending was an entirely reasonable pay off and one which I enjoyed immensely.
B00003Q43A|1.0|The scenario (if any) is so predictable, the clichs so evident, it's hard not to fall asleep.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|Let's Keep It Short And Sweet! This Was A Very Good Movie No Doubt About That! The Hype Had Me Expecting A Little More! JACK NICHOLSON IS THE BETTER JOKER, Heath Ledger Does Good But Not That Good, Jack's Shoes Were To Much For Him To Fill! My Biggest Upset To This Movie Was The Ending It Could Have Ended Alot Better! Buy It It's Worth It ! But The Classic Batman Is Still Better!
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|Not just a movie. Art. Beauty and emotion, a perfect marriage of photographic quality and music. Actors with spontaneous talent. A man scheming his own death is carried along the dreams he shares with a child, and onto the path of rebirth. Simply stunning.
B001KO3FFW|3.0|Too many of these songs sound the same musically. Each song's theme is subdued- what song writer decided it would be a good idea to give our American Idol \\"bad boy\\" rockesque singer a compliant, pretty-boy sing-songy wishy-washy air? Isn't that what Archuleta's for? I am thoroughly disappointed. I can see the occasional 50% \\"low key\\" song distribution, but there isn't a single song that rises up with a kick-butt guitar rhythm and an attitude-laced melody string that we loved seeing in David Cook on American Idol.     I guess the record industry has tamed this guy into a submissive singer who is just trying to woo the girls with his songs of life's struggle and typical Romanticist love. We have enough of these singers as it is. Embrace David Cook's unique, rough-edged voice and give him a roaring rock band- something that will allow him to let loose.
B001GKJ2E8|1.0|I do not mind special effects nor watching Angelina Jolie. But this movie has no more plot than a category B video game. Watch The Matrix again instead.
0316017922|4.0|I throughly enjoyed Gladwell's book Outliers. It was a fast, fun and easy read from start to finish and it made me think about what it means to be successful. I would recommend this book to anyone!
B0013N3DSE|5.0|This 1938 TECHNICOLOR Classic is OUTSTANDING period!!!<br /><br />The Standard DVD 2 Disc set is wonderful and if you have it with an up-converting DVD player it will give you near HD quality picture (480P)and sound for many years. This 65th Anniversary set is loaded with every extra including a day at the movies 1938 style with newsreel, cartoon and feature.<br /><br />If you have a BLU-ray/HDMI home Theater System and want to know why buy a 1938 Standard Picture Movie NOW, here's the answer.  This Blu-ray version includes everything exactly like the above 2 DVD set.  BUT there is one unbelievable difference.  THE FEATURES PRESENTATION (at 1080p if you have HDMI))AND SOUND (5.1) ARE TOTALLY INCREDIBLE. The clarity and sound are so fantastic it feels like you are there in the movie.  Errol Flynn is young and quite alive for this enjoyable classic tale of Robin Hood.<br /><br />Believe me the colors, detailed costumes, beautiful movie sets, brings the Technicolor to its best ever.  This is a must have for your HD Blu-ray / HDMI Home Theater Library.  A great family based film.  Enjoy!!
B0018CWEYY|5.0|The Writer's Strike of 2007-2008 really impacted a lot of shows.  \\"Lost,\\" which was intended to have sixteen episodes this season, was shortened to fourteen (three of those episodes just being different parts of the season finale).  I was going to start this review off in a bold way, saying that the shortness of the season actually helped \\"Lost\\" as opposed to hurt it, but I'm going to rephrase that.  I don't know if it HELPED, because I want as much \\"Lost\\" as I can possibly get, but the shortness of this season definitely didn't HURT \\"Lost\\" as much as it did other shows.  Let me explain.    The fourth season of \\"Lost\\" doesn't feel stunted.  It feels like a long movie divided up into parts.  While previous seasons did revolve around plots that were specific to that season (one being the initial intrigue of the island, two being the hatch, three being the Others), this season takes it to the next level, offering up the most standalone seasonal arc in \\"Lost\\" history.  Each and every episode this season deals with the freighter and the question if the people on it have come to rescue the castaways or not.  Every conflict and plotline this season stems from this.  The castaways are split into two groups, with Jack and Locke as respective leaders, which elevates the rift between the two of them to violent new levels.  The flash-forward that happened in the finale of [[ASIN:B000P6YNSE Season Three]] is finally given context, linking up with the story of the freighter.  The shortness of this season also makes that plot, dubbed the \\"Oceanic Six\\" storyline, a lot stronger, as it is able to detail who got off, how they got off, and also create the new plot thread of what is going on with those characters that got off the island.    With the finale of Season Three, \\"Lost\\" showed us that things were about to change in a big way.  Including a flash-forward really shook up the nature of the show, and those who think they had \\"Lost\\" structurally figured out will be given a rude awakening this season.  There are flash-backs, flash-forwards, flash-forwards alongside of flash-backs, and there might even be some time travel.  The sheer brashness of the fact that the creative team of \\"Lost\\" is so interested in engaging viewers in an interactive experience that they're willing to tamper with the structure of the show so much is really refreshing.  Overall, it's challenging to follow, but no more challenging than a really fun puzzle.  The more impatient viewers will fault this season for being \\"too confusing,\\" but I highly, highly disagree.  Season Four of \\"Lost\\" is the most straight forward of all the seasons.  You just have to pay attention.  Because in \\"Lost,\\" which continues to be the best show currently airing on television, everything matters.    9/10
0316789720|5.0|Need a drawing book? It doesn't matter what age you are, this is THE book for you. I first found it when I was in elementary school. Now, I teach pre-school, elementary, and above and still find ample use for this book.     It uses basic shapes and lines to create a world. Now I can really appreciate it because with these basic--and very drawable--tools I can help my students to create their own vision of things in a very simple and satisfying way.    You have everything you need in here, from vehicles to houses to plants to people. I have many of Ed Emberley's other books, but this one is the one you have to own.    For the price I cannot think of another book with the color, charm, or accessability as this one. BUY IT!
B0013ND30W|5.0|Since I own a Blu-ray player (PS3,) I prefer to buy mostly Blu-ray discs.  However, the added cost of Blu-ray discs forces me to buy DVDs where it makes sense.  For instance, big special effects movies are always great for Blu-ray... comedies or dramas, not so much.    Since this edition comes with a standard DVD in addition to the Blu-ray content, this was a no-brainer.  If my 5-year-old wishes to watch this movie, the DVD it is.  For my wife and I, it's the Blu-ray.
0316017922|5.0|A fan of Blink and The Tipping Point, I purchased this book with little idea what lay beyond its cover. Inside, the exciting story of the accidentalness genius unfolded, sharing in Gladwell's wonderfully journalistic way how much luck has to play in skill, and how much success is determined just as much by a seeming \\"butterfly halfway across the world\\" as by the innate talents and skills of those involved. Literally, he dissembles the American myth of the Self-Made Man and places in its stead a puzzle of coincidences upon which the world was built. A captivating and titlating read I recommend whole heartedly to all.
0743246616|1.0|Alyssa Torrey offers terrible advice on how to toast nuts before adding them to a recipe: \\"toast them in the oven at 350 for fifteen minutes...\\" That's a sure way to burn your $7 per pound pecans! What gets me is that these exact same instructions are repeated in several of the recipes. Who edited this book????
0545128285|4.0|All of the stories in this book are quite short, and there is about as much \\"analysis\\" by Albus Dumbledore as there is story text. But for the brief time it took to read them, I enjoyed them quite a lot.<br /><br />These are good, old-fashioned morality tales, and Dumbledore points out the fine points for the metaphor-impaired. Classic fairy tales seem to have fallen out of favor in recent years, and these are quite acceptable substitutes. Since they deal in grand themes of morality, they're not ground-breakingly original, but they tell their tales with style and grace.<br /><br />The Tale of the Three Brothers is not much more detailed than the story related in Deathly Hallows. However, the other stories are new.<br /><br />For me, The Fountain of Fair Fortune and The Warlock's Hairy Heart show the most influence of classic fairy tales. The Fountain of Fair Fortune emphasizes the \\"believe in yourself\\" theme, and harkens back to such tales as The Wizard of Oz. The Warlock's Hairy Heart will remind you of several of Grimm's hard-hearted characters.<br /><br />The Wizard and the Hopping Pot reminds me of the [[ASIN:0689817649 Strega Nona]] stories that I used to read to my children. Babbity Rabbity and Her Cackling Stump was, I thought, the most original, and dealt specifically with the theme of how Muggles treat magical folk.<br /><br />The \\"voice\\" of Dumbledore is well-nigh perfect. Rowling obviously loves that character, and she knows exactly how to bring him to life. The movies have never successfully capture the whimsical nature of Dumbledore, but it's clearly in evidence here. There are also numerous tie-ins to the Potter series, such as the first letter Dumbledore received from Lucius Malfoy.<br /><br />Four stars instead of five just because it's so short. Otherwise, it's just about perfect.
0060899220|5.0|First off I have to say...I love this man! Bourdain's book is arrogant, crude, bullying, and egotistical and I loved every word, every line, every put-down, and every cuss word! Though this book was filled with technical terms and names of chefs that I have never heard of, Bourdain mentions in the preface that the book was originally intended for other chefs...not for the general layperson. I read it anyway.    I was introduced to Anthony Bourdain by a friend via his television show \\"No Reservations.\\" I immediately fell in love with his holier-than-thou, better-than-most attitude. Maybe it is the thrill and fascination of the \\"bad boy\\" but I could not stop watching the show. Discovering that he had written a book was the icing on the cake.     The book is not a summary or recollection of his travels through different countries, cultures, and foods with his show. I believe that is contained in another book. Instead this book was more of a memoir; Bourdain's journey through the culinary trenches and godforsaken kitchens. Bourdain reminisces over his childhood and the cold soup that awakened his taste buds, the oyster that aroused his ensuing passion for food.     Bourdain may be a condescending a**hole but he seems humbled by some of his experiences and the people he has admired over the years. I enjoyed the fact that he wrote an afterword that made certain apologies to some individuals he had criticized throughout his book and his time as a chef. However, a friend of mine hated the fact that he made apologies. She feels that if he is going to be a supercilious bastard he should make no apologies for such behavior.     This book detailed many disgusting habits of the kitchens he worked in. Bourdain provides the reader with thorough descriptions of foods he has cooked and foods he enjoyed eating...and if you know Anthony Bourdain you know he enjoys some un-American fare. Eating the gelatinous goo from behind the eyeball of the fishhead he was enjoying has remained in my head.     The reader who picks up this book is in for an intense ride. A love of food, cooking, or Bourdain himself is recommended before delving into this six-course book. I definitely have no complaints about this book. But hey...who am I? Just a lowly reviewer with an unsettling attraction to Anthony Bourdain that's who.
0545128285|5.0|I must say I had mixed feelings when I heard about this book. I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series as I imagine are most readers of this particular book and I don't like it when beloved things are done to death.<br /><br />However...<br /><br />I am also a devoted fan of fairy tales and folklore, both cutesy and grim.  And rather than a blatant off-shoot of Harry Potter, this is simply a book of folk tales that just happen to be from the culture of Wizarding folk. After dazzling millions with Harry Potter, Rowling proves she can continue on in fantasy talent.<br /><br />Many of the basic folk tales are here in all their glory and motif:  The journey of \\"healing water\\" or whatnot, the trickster, the moralistic fable, the dark tragedy, etc.  It was honestly joyous to recognize these.  They are simple and straight-forward, as any good folk tale should be.<br /><br />And yes, despite all I have said, it is still wonderfully Harry Potter, an edition wrapped up with Dumbledore's comentaries. I must take a moment to speak on these:  while they may or may not be a satire on real folklorists' commentaries, they truly do add insight to the Harry Potter universe and basic folktales themselves.<br /><br />This is a wonderful addition to the library of any Harry Potter fan.  Thank-you, Rowling, for pulling us back into that world.
B00129H7VS|5.0|Nothing can be said by me that has not already been said about this series by thousands of other people.<br /><br />All I can say is the picture and audio quality are top notch.  I was hoping that they would take the time necessary to transfer the series to blu ray and do the transfer right.  I am more than satisfied.  It feels like I am watching the series for the first time, and I was more than happy to shell out another $45 for this set again on blu ray.<br /><br />I guarantee you will feel like its the first time watching the series once you fire up the hdtv, pop in disc 1, and turn the surround sound to 11.
0316017922|4.0|This is a fascinating book, the first I've read by Gladwell. The challenge here is that readers from both ends of the political spectrum will be tempted to seize on parts of the book and say: \\"See! This proves my point!\\" Many will conclude the thesis is that privilege and position are the keys to success. Gladwell himself even makes this mistake a time or two. In reality, Outliers states there are three keys to (great) success: 1. Opportunity (this makes liberals happy) 2. Work (this makes conservatives happy) 3. Timing (uh, maybe makes existentialists and predestinationists happy.) To take one example from the book, Bill Gates didn't become successful just because he had an opportunity that few others had. Gates also put in an enormous amount of work, spending nights and weekends in a computer lab instead of hanging out with the cool kids - who likely considered him a loser. The third element of Gates' success was timing. He just happened to possess a newly required skill set at a time when few others did. He was also at a point in his life where he could afford to roll the dice on an entrepreneurial venture. If he were younger, he would have had to stay in school. If older, he would have stayed with a stable employer for the sake of his family.     The timing aspect is the most dismaying, as it can't be controlled. However, opportunity and work can be controlled. Again, one of the examples given is that of math instruction at the KIPP academy. There, the students spend much longer working on math problems than in most schools, allowing the students the develop the necessary math skills. This stands in stark opposition to most math instruction, where if you aren't clever enough to envision the solution rapidly, then you fall behind. This leads to a widespread perception that you have to \\"be smart\\" in order to do well in math.    So the final conclusion is that ordinary people in ordinary situations can learn to succeed in most any field of endeavor - provided thatthey have the opportunity to learn AND that they work at developing proficiency. Those with the luck/fate/destiny to be at the forefront of a new economic wave will also become rich and famous.    Personally, I believe that there are lots of opporunities in America, but we have lost our work ethic. We also have some anti-intellectual bias in our culture. In most schools, those who excel at athletics are idolized, while those who excel at academics are ridiculed.
0385338694|4.0|Reading Sophie Kinsella book is always a pleasure.  I've always love Sophie Kinsella's style of writing and her sense of humor.  And so, I am quite pleased with The undomestic Goddess, despite its limitations as mentioned by other reviewers here and yes, I do agree with many of the reviewers her. I thought the protagonist of the book, Samantha, is not that far from the characters in her other hits like Shopaholic and Can You Keep a Secret.  And I think, it is the familiarity of that lovable personality that somewhat draws me to the book.  Although I was quite turned off by the idea that such intelligent character could be so clueless about houseworks, Kinsella balances that slightly out of this world features with some realisitic characteristics as well, thus making Samantha an endearing and sympathetic heroine.  And as always, Kinsella is also not afraid to write some outrageous scenes as well.  Although they are quite over the top, I have to say they are rather entertaining.  Hey, it is after all a chick lit: it's light hearted, silly, funny in some parts and most importantly, it made you want to fall in love all over again.  What more could you ask? :)
B000000W5L|3.0|cuz some songs in formal studio version lost some oringinal feeling    like shine alight,all down the line, loving cup    their demo version sounds much better than the one on exile    this 2lp contains some classic    but not perfect stones album at all!(cuz too separated,not has a total theme)
1589944607|5.0|This is a rare boardgame that's lots of fun and is also true to the show.  Most movie/tv tie-ins are cheap attempts to cash in, but this really feels like playing a character on Battlestar Galactica.    It's mostly a cooperative game, but depending on how many people are playing, one or more players are secretly Cylons or Cylon sympathizers that are working against the human crew.  This makes it fun to play again and again, because you never know who is going to be the Cylon next time.    It's very well made and will last for many years.  The instructions are very clear with lots of examples that made it easy to learn, plus you can go to [...] or the publisher's website ([....]for tips and updates.
B00005YUNY|5.0|I feel this is the best DVD of Yes so far. Granted is not just Yes but the Orchestra adds to this already great DVD. The picture is fantastic and the sound is very good too. I'm not sure if its my surround's set up right but the drums are low in the mix and that's a shame. Alan is a forgotten drummer and needs to be heard! The bass does kick in from time to time as if its LFE rather Chris's bass? Strange. The DVD also has video clips in certain parts that you can switch to instead of watching the band while the music plays if you want. The young people in the orchestra can certainly play and really get into the music. This adds some life into Jon and band for I'm sure their tried of playing these songs 30 plus years now. Rich Wakeman is not with them on this outing but fear not Tom Brislin is in the house showing how to pound the keys with passion and shake it all while not wearing a white robe. Get this a soon as you can. Technology has made it so I can relive my glory years with some many amazing bands on DVD like Kansas,Rush,REO,BOC,Wishbone Ash and King Crimson to name only a few. Now my kids will believe me when I show them the awesomeness of the 60' and 70' era bands.  Err probably not! :)
0956010903|4.0|TYPO? Has anyone noticed what I believe is a typographical error in their CE?  On page 40, first paragraph, 4th line, the word \\"flames\\" is repeated.   I don't think it should be.  I read the sentence a number of times and can't figure out why the word would appear twice.  If the two \\"flames\\" had been separated by a comma, then the repetition would have conveyed emphasis, but as it, I think it's a goof.  What say you?
0141439831|4.0|After struggling with it for approximately six months (when a normal book takes me 3-4 days), I finally finished Vanity Fair, and I can honestly say that it was worth reading.    I disagree with so many who fawn at the knees of William Makepeace Thackery and laud his satire, for it isn't such. A book of this type is no more satire than 1984. Both are clear in their despising of their characters and their means and motives. Gulliver's Travels was a satire. This was not. As some have pointed out, this was intended to provide the grist for the mill of the popular taste. That doesn't mean that it is bad or not worth reading.     It is actually quite a well-written book, in turns fast and slow, although it certainly doesn't leave us with a feeling of morality on the parts of any of the characters, except perhaps Dobbin. Becky is clever and shrewd, and ruthless. Amelia is simpering, stupid, maudlin, and undeserving. The characters are simply who the author wants them to be. Mistake that not for satire, though.    For those who are curious about Victorian times, or enjoy Napoleonic Saga and British Empiricism, this will thrill you. For those who loathe it, this would be tiring, and you may want to skip it. For those who are curious, merely hang on, and watch the show.    B    Harkius
B001C46P2A|4.0|First, no, this should never have been compared to Gone with the Wind.  The location is different, the war is different, and the circumstances are different!  Perhaps the only similarity in characters is between the overseers, specifically Fletcher of Australia's Faraway Downs and the overseer of Tara plantation in Gone with the Wind.  Nicole Kidman's \\"English Rose\\" who toughens up fast does not compare with Vivien Leigh's portrayal of the ruthless Scarlett O'Hara.  Thankfully, the Drover does not compare to Gone with the Wind's decadent Rhett Butler either!<br />Naturally, the Australian aborigines are completely different from the black southern American slaves (who probably really ran the plantations).  Nullah, the winsome lad from whose viewpoint the tale is mostly told, is the character that really makes the story work.  If anyone gives a performance worthy of an Oscar in this film, it's this promising young actor, Brandon Walters, whom I dearly hope to see more of!<br />Otherwise, yes, if you are a Hugh Jackman fan, you will find the movie worth seeing for his competent portrayal of the gorgeously rugged, diamond-in-the-rough Drover.  Will mention that a friend of mine thought that the portion when the Drover appeared at the ball resplendent in his tuxedo was \\"Disneyesque,\\" and, yes, my friend's viewpoint is valid.  Perhaps Baz Luhrmann thought to show that the \\"diamond-in-the-rough\\" could successfully take on polish.<br />Since this is a review rather than a social commentary, I won't get trapped into going on at length about the disgraceful way Australian aborigines were treated.  Being American, that would be like the pot calling the kettle black (pun - if anyone sees it - is intentional).  As someone who's bi-racial (possibility tri-racial), I can say that it's important to be aware that damage has been done and then get on with it - \\"it\\" being working at being fair, starting with oneself.<br />In any event, see and enjoy Australia.  No, it may not be \\"realistic,\\" but one goes to movies to escape, not to be further confronted with grim reality.  We get enough of that in our dreary, day-to-day lives!ne goes to movies to escape, not to be further confronted with grim reality.  We get enough of that in our dreary, day-to-day lives!
B001IA46D8|4.0|UK quartet Take That are 2 albums into their phenomenal comeback. Following their \\"Beautiful world\\" CD which sold over 2 million copies in the UK alone, they decide not to tinkle too much with that albums winning formula. Loads of sixties sounding Beatles-style Pop/Rock numbers and ELO-style harmonies a-plenty. So far, it seems the decision has paid off; lead-off single \\"Greatest day\\" became their 11th UK #1, and the CD just topped the UK album charts with the third all time best first week sales behind Oasis and Coldplay, leaving Britney's same titled, same day released album trailing in their wake.<br /><br />And the music? Not a wide deviation from its predecessor which is good and bad. The good? The towering opening piano ballad \\"The garden\\", the jaunty Beatles-esque \\"Hello\\", the Lennon-like ballad \\"Julie\\" (with a \\"Sha la la la\\" refrain), the tender theatrical piano ballad \\"The circus\\", the angst laden but sunny \\"How did it come to this\\" (rumoured to be about Amy Winehouse), the upbeat \\"Hold up a light\\", and hidden cut, the Latin-tinged \\"She said\\" (on which they sound like they are having so much fun).<br /><br />Standouts are a pair of ballads; the stunning piano ballad \\"What is love\\" (lead vocals by Howard and deep questioning lyrics), and \\"You\\" (nice wall of harmonies).<br /><br />Now the bad. The rest of the songs are largely safe and forgettable, and I feel they need some more edginess; guitars, synths, something. Not that fans are complaining though! Three and a half stars!
B0009HAHD4|5.0|I lost the original eyecup piece on my D40 last year because it just fell off by itself.  I put it back on a few times but the last time it fell off without my noticing it.  The manual states that the original eyepiece is the DK-16, but I didn't want to get another one that would have the same problem.    The DK-20 is a great replacement eyecup for the D40 because it slides onto the lip found around the viewfinder and locks into place.  I am confident that I won't be losing this piece because it fits so well and it is so secure.  If you need a replacement for your D40/D40x I recommend it!
B001DHXT2A|4.0|There is a sadness in my heart. An empty void remains as I contemplate the way things used to be with my favorite childhood superhero. At the end of each show, he was Bill Bixby, walking backwards to the tune of pretty piano music while thumbing for a ride. He played David (a.k.a. Bruce) Banner. But when he became the Hulk, he would emerge in the form of Lou Ferrigno, a massive, towering, green-painted man, standing 6'5 with 23-and-a-half inch arms, weighing 330 pounds. Limited special effects of the time didn't take from the feeling that when those eyes started turning green, and when those shirts and pant-legs began to rip, all hell was about to break loose!<br /><br />But movies aren't the same now. Animation does nearly everything. Character nuances and subtle facial expressions are done (or I should say overdone) with special effects. I have never been drawn to modern animation. To me, Hanna-Barbera did it way better, leaving more room for the exercise of imagination. Their animation was much more eye-friendly, and to me at least, much more aesthetically pleasing. Maybe I'm just old-fashioned, but damnit, that's how I feel!<br /><br />But as with movies that start out as novels or comic books, a standard must be maintained. The more the movie bears resemblance to the original source, the better it is. The \\"real\\" comic book Hulk does not stand at 6'5, more like 9'5. He's huge and lumbering, weighing in somewhere in the neighborhood of a thousand pounds. He is massive beyond belief. Thus, it requires animation to bring that to life when no actor can. And even though it is to my grave dislike, animation is taking movies further than we ever thought they would go. So be it.<br /><br />Unlike the 2003 movie Hulk, The Incredible Hulk is more enjoyable and more appealing. The unearthly rage and power of the beloved green superhero was seen in the earlier flick, but many more awesome fight scenes are found in the new one. And add to that, we have big-time competition for the Hulk now! Nothing spells excitement like a super-powerhouse clashing with another super-powerhouse. With the rise of The Abomination, the Hulk's definitely got his hands full.<br /><br />If you followed the comics, you're familiar with The Abomination (the Hulk's arch-nemesis), equal in power and ferociousness to the Hulk (and in some ways, surpassing him). But if you're not familiar with the comics, that's ok. Just sit back and enjoy the action and the storyline. Right through to the end, it continues from where the 2003 movie left off. Banner is on the run and hiding. What will he do? Will he find a cure, or will the government catch him first? Watch and find out!<br /><br />The film is detail-oriented too, taking comic book-based sci-fi/fantasy material and making it nearly believable in the real world. It's not often that reality and fantasy are blended together exceptionally well in a movie, but here is an exception. And then there is the personal side of Banner with his love interest. Where does their relationship stand since his departure and how will it end up? It's all dealt with in the story. Traditional Hulk fans want to see plenty of teeth-gritting, testosterone-pumping, building-smashing violence, that's for sure. And there's plenty of that to go around, but there's also a lot more to the movie.<br /><br />You not only understand everyone in The Incredible Hulk, but you like them as well. There is a technical side of things too. A lot is said about the experiments and procedures that create \\"hulks,\\" giving the audience more to chew on. Action sequences are tight, extremely fast-moving, and \\"in your face.\\" If you are not already used to it, you'll get used to it as the movie progresses. If, like me, you find yourself thoroughly enjoying the movie while still having a teeny, tiny hankering for the good old days before flashy, animated fight scenes became the norm, take heart. Lou Ferrigno himself makes a cameo appearance! Having that exhibited excellent taste on the part of the director.<br /><br />Overdone special effects are not absent from the film, nor are occasionally jimmy-rigged physics. But the latter is to be forgiven, being that this is a comic book movie.<br /><br />If you are a Hulk fan, you'll love it. If you are not a Hulk or a comic book fan, but you are an action movie fan who can appreciate some scifi/fantasy elements in a movie, you'll love it just the same. Moving, suspenseful, and always exciting, I am happy to give 4 stars to The Incredible Hulk. But given a choice, I'd still prefer things the way they were in the olden days: \\"Mr. McGee, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.\\"<br /><br />(JH)<br /><br />[...]erdone special effects are not absent from the film, nor are occasionally jimmy-rigged physics. But the latter is to be forgiven, being that this is a comic book movie.    If you are a Hulk fan, you'll love it. If you are not a Hulk or a comic book fan, but you are an action movie fan who can appreciate some scifi/fantasy elements in a movie, you'll love it just the same. Moving, suspenseful, and always exciting, I am happy to give 4 stars to The Incredible Hulk. But given a choice, I'd still prefer things the way they were in the olden days: \\"Mr. McGee, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.\\"    (JH)     [...]
0316143472|4.0|Simply put the last story, or set of stories about quitting smoking, seem like filler.  The ending feels more like snippets of stories instead of containing a beginning, middle and end.  Even given that it is still very enjoyable and a great and quick read.  90% of the book is classic Sedaris hysterical, brilliant laugh out loud stories.  If you are a fan you will love it, if you have never read a Sedaris book, check out Barrel Fever or an earlier title before reading this one, then read this one!.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was a fantastic ending to an enthralling series. I spent an entire Sunday completely absorbed in it. The characters were themselves but they had grown up a lot. At first, when Bella and Edward fell in love I thought it was puppy love and she was silly for wanting to die for him. But as the books went on I started to realize that it was true love. And how can you not root for true love? Breaking Dawn is everything the ending should have been and more. The characters reached their full potential and the plot reached a nail biting climax. I could not have asked for a better ending! I was torn between needing to know what happened and not wanting the book or series to end.   But something at the very end of the book tells me she might have more to come so I'm keeping my hopes up.
B001GQ2TGA|2.0|In the past I have loved all of Enya's music, but this CD was a major disappointment. There are perhaps three pieces on it that I would care to hear again. The third song has such an irritating beat that at first I thought there was something wrong with the CD ! She has always been fond of heavy beats in the background but at least two of the tracks on this CD take it too far; I actually had to skip to the next song. This is the last time I will automatically buy a new Enya CD; in the future I will wait for reviews and sample the tracks first.
0525478183|5.0|A big part of me really wants to give this book a one star rating.  I did not think it ended in the best of ways, and I will still forever think that An Abundance of Katherines was the better book.  However, I'm begrudgingly going to have to give this a five star rating, because WOW.  The writing, as always, was splendid.  Maybe all teens don't talk like that.  Maybe some of the witticism were a bit too witty.  But, boy did it all make for an enjoyable read.  The characters all come to life and we all wish we knew a Margo Roth Spiegelman.  Maybe some of us already do.  The quirkiness of them all was something we could all relate to (me, particularly to the constant usage of 'Omnictionary' :D) The plot was the only place the book lacked 'oomph'.  While I thoroughly loved the idea of it all being, well, one big treasure hunt, there were areas where it seemed to falter.  Some of the road trip was gut-busting hilarious, while other parts were just...dull.  I did read through this book in one sitting and was thoroughly engrossed by it, but as much as I love driving, didn't anyone else think there was a bit too much time spent in cars?  And then the ending.  They find her.  She's not dead (cue huge sigh of relief).  But she's not going back with them.  So...what's the difference between that and her being dead?  They're still not coming back home with a Margo Ruth Spiegelman.  She's been found and she doesn't want to be, and the whole treasure hunt, the whole story kind of seems to lack a point.<br /><br />Rating: 5/5...just barely.
0143038419|2.0|Eat, Pray, Love has the potential to open the reader's mind with regards to questions of faith, religion, and identity.  The memories of Gilbert's travels are transparent and crystal clear. As each page is turned it is easy to believe with closed eyes that you are present alongside her during this poignant journey to healing, growth, and an improved life through a relationship with God.     The memoir begins in Italy with Gilbert's wishful desire for a kiss by her attractive Italian Tandem Exchange Partner.  Readers are then taken to a low point in the author's life when she realizes that she is not happy in her life and that for her it is impossible to stay in that place - her marriage and in New York - both literally and figuratively.  This thought grows into the reality that she would embark on a year long expedition to find her identity and spirituality in Italy, India, and Indonesia.  Gilbert has an expectation of what she will learn as she delves into the culture of each country.  She desires to learn about pleasure in Italy, devotion in India, and balance in Indonesia.      As she traipses through Italy, she is able to experience the tastes of Rome, Sicily, Florence, and other cities.  Despite being a \\"flamingo\\" - an American fair, blonde-haired woman - she manages to learn Italian because of her dedication to the language, food, and culture.  Her dedication to all three, especially to the language and the food can be likened to the commitment a junkie would have in securing his next fix.     In between Italy and India the author flies back to the States to pack more appropriately for the next stops in her journey.  While in India, Gilbert talks about meditation caves, yoga practice, celibacy, and a burgeoning commitment to God.  Surprisingly she met many engaging characters from all over the world at the Ashram.  While she learned more about devotion she was able to accept and acknowledge her God-given gifts and the time spent there enlarged her devotion toGod through prayer and meditation.      Finally, Gilbert lands in Indonesia where the Balinese know how to balance pleasure and devotion in equal measure.  Gilbert is able to spend time with two healers - one an older medicine man who has lost his wife, the other a beautiful middle-aged single mother who has despite the culture, survived a painful divorce and adopted two young girls who are orphans.  Through the time spent with each and a Brazilian businessman, Gilbert is able to learn even more about herself, her God, and about love.    Eat, Pray, Love demonstrates how empowering change - internal and external - can be.  Gilbert's tone is affable and she doesn't take herself too seriously which means that readers can imagine what growth is possible in their own lives.
B001KVZ69I|5.0|Since the times of Roberto Rosellini's \\"Germany year zero\\" and Rene Clement's \\"Forbidden games\\" the vision of WW2 under the childish perspective, had not achieved such level of profound candidness, innocence about the hellish landscape in which grew up.<br /><br />A sensitive boy - Bruno -  who stems in superior grade the value of the friendship, is the son of a German officer, who is promoted to a new destiny in 1942. That superior decision makes they have to leave their home in Berlin to a rural house.<br /><br />The smells, livings and memories of these ages will slowly be blurring, when this little man meets another Jewish child, dressed with pijama and numbered  prisoner. He is not informed at all what's going on behind that fence and ingenuously thinks they are farmers.<br /><br />That weird friendship will be the cornerstone of a tragic fatality when a set of random circumstances lead that German father to taste the bitterness of that final solution.<br /><br />Well acted and supported by an agile camera handle. Recommended without reserves.
1878424505|4.0|This book is for anyone that is struggling with changing the insanity that exists within his or her life.  Some say that insanity is doing the same thing expecting different results.  The enslavement to this cycle is the reason it is perpetuated.  The Four Agreements can break the cycle with four simple, but not necessarily easy, suggestions.       According to Don Miguel Ruiz, a Toltec shaman, an agreement is a belief system in which culturally we all believe, thus we are in agreement that the words in a book are printed on a page.  Most people that are of sound mind would agree with this statement.       The four agreements as outlined in the book are as follows:      Be impeccable with your word   Don't take anything personally   Don't make assumptions   Always do your best    Throughout this quick read, Ruiz provides examples of how to release past emotional hurts to live in the present - today - and change gradually to get closer to living a life of personal freedom.  This guide is practical and empowering.  The last agreement helps aid in the first three.  If one always chooses to do their best each day - whatever their best may be at that given time - it will assist in being impeccable with one's word, it will help to not take anything personally, and will stop or at least stall making assumptions.  All of the agreements work in tandem with one another.      Finally, Ruiz is realistic and let's the reader off the hook as a human being.  It takes several days, months, even years to get to a place of victimization, anger, hurt, and resentment so it will take time to release past hurts and hang-ups to regain personal freedom.  However, the final guiding agreement - always do your best - can guide the reader to a more comfortable life where the shackles of slavery to pain, chaos, and drama are finally unlocked.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|After reading some of the negative reviews I was worried, but I shouldn't have been. This book was just as good as the 1st three!
B001ACH4DS|5.0|Anything David touches will turn to GOLD.  Real, down-to-earth, musician who loves whatever he does. Certainly his music shows how much he loves his music and family.  Whatever he records, I will buy.
0545128285|2.0|I'm an adult who read the Harry Potter series after my son finished it.  I loved them and ordered this for him.    This book is just a bunch of children's stories, and not much to them at that.  They could have better been incorporated into a larger book, much as the Deathly Hallows storyline.  There's just no content here.    I suppose die-hard fans will cherish this, but I wouldn't order it again.
B00008GKEG|1.0|This stuff will give your children nightmares.  Not only are the lyrics dumb, the musicians are amateurs.  The melodies are \\"okay,\\" however, they are overly simplistic in most cases.  I can't recommend this stuff to my worse enemy except the people who post replies to my reviews.  I do recommend LP's by columbia or Reader's Digest records of Ravel, Debussy, Brahms, Beethoven, Tchaikovsky, Handel, Mozart, and others of that school.  Most of all, I recommend Wagner for true grandeur.
0920668364|2.0|This book is neither entertaining, nor fun, but a sentimental pile ($*&!.  Don't waste your time. I hate reading it to my kids.   I also hate the cover, because I sends the message that no matter what your kids do we will always love them. Not that I won't but I don't want to encourage bad behavior like flushing watches down the toilet.
0696204800|5.0|This is my favorite book of quilt patterns. I have made several miniature quilts for dollhouses. The 4\\" size of each pattern is really easy to adapt by adding borders and binding.
159448385X|5.0|A THOUSAND SPLENDID SUNS tells the wonderful, intensely moving story of how two modern Afghan women overcome the great challenges that have faced women in Afghanistan and rise above their victimization. Khaled Hosseini has succeeded in capturing many important historical and contemporary themes in a way that will make your heart ache again and again. Why will your reaction be so strong? It's because you'll identify closely with the suffering of almost all the characters, a reaction that's very rare to a modern novel.<br /><br />In Part One, you meet Miriam at age five as she learns that she is a harami (an illegitimate child). Miriam's wealthy father, Jalil, had seduced a housekeeper, Miriam's mother, Nana, six years earlier and now provides for both of them in a remote shack where he can keep a low profile. Despite his concern about his reputation, Jalil adores the attention that Miriam devotes to him. All proceeds in an artificial and harsh way until one day Miriam decides to demand her father's attention. The consequences shape her world for the rest of her life.<br /><br />In Part Two, the story moves to focus on Laila, who was born to Miriam's acquaintance Fariba at the end of Part One. Laila's rearing is almost totally the opposite of Miriam's. Laila is loved by both her parents with whom she lives and has many chances to develop her knowledge and skills. Laila lives in Kabul while Miriam grew up in the countryside outside of Herat. Laila is beautiful while Miriam is plainer. They also grow up in different times: Miriam is old enough to be Laila's mother. Miriam never had a male friend while growing up, while Laila is fascinated by the one-legged Tariq. All is going well for Laila until the war intrudes to send her life off into an unexpected direction.<br /><br />In Part Three, the two women begin to share a destiny and develop a relationship. Their lives are more fundamentally changed by this relationship than by anything else that has happened to them. The magic of the story is most evident in Part Three.<br /><br />In Part Four, we come into the present, when Afghanistan is once again opening itself to possibilities.<br /><br />The time span of the book is from 1964 to the present. In the background, you are kept up-to-date on political events that shake the entire country. In some cases, those political events turn into revolutions and wars. In many cases, the violence intrudes into the lives of the book's characters. It's like reading War and Peace as adapted to modern Afghanistan.<br /><br />The book also deals with issues of class, religion, sexual roles, child rearing, work, education, and community. These issues are highlighted in terms of the different regimes and attitudes of the controlling male characters. For Afghanistan was a world where the men called the shots, unless they chose not to do so. Although the issues that are raised and the way that they are raised are pretty predictable, it's a tribute to Mr. Hosseini that you won't see them coming. He moves his characters and action around in such a way that you won't see much foreshadowing of what's to come. Part of that skill comes in making each page so interesting and engaging that you are pulled away from thoughts like \\"I wonder where he's going next with this plot.\\" I found myself deeply inside the story throughout. That's rare for me, especially in a story that focuses on female characters.<br /><br />A THOUSAND SPLENDID SUNS was one of the very top novels of 2007.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book and encourage you to discuss it with your friends. This novel would be a great choice for your book club.st evident in Part Three.    In Part Four, we come into the present, when Afghanistan is once again opening itself to possibilities.    The time span of the book is from 1964 to the present. In the background, you are kept up-to-date on political events that shake the entire country. In some cases, those political events turn into revolutions and wars. In many cases, the violence intrudes into the lives of the book's characters. It's like reading War and Peace as adapted to modern Afghanistan.    The book also deals with issues of class, religion, sexual roles, child rearing, work, education, and community. These issues are highlighted in terms of the different regimes and attitudes of the controlling male characters. For Afghanistan was a world where the men called the shots, unless they chose not to do so. Although the issues that are raised and the way that they are raised are pretty predictable, it's a tribute to Mr. Hosseini that you won't see them coming. He moves his characters and action around in such a way that you won't see much foreshadowing of what's to come. Part of that skill comes in making each page so interesting and engaging that you are pulled away from thoughts like \\"I wonder where he's going next with this plot.\\" I found myself deeply inside the story throughout. That's rare for me, especially in a story that focuses on female characters.    A THOUSAND SPLENDID SUNS was one of the very top novels of 2007.    I highly recommend this book and encourage you to discuss it with your friends. This novel would be a great choice for your book club.
0790742780|5.0|Great movie. Could have done without the love interest side of the story, but it's so good, it is still a solid 5 star movie. See it!!!
0956010903|3.0|I was very disappointed in this \\"deluxe\\" edition.  It is really cheap looking and not anywhere near as nice as it is depicted in the photos on Amazon.  It is not worth $100, maybe $50.  But, it is something new from Rowling!
0307455874|5.0|Reading this book made me proud that the American people had the sense enough to choose a person with such insight and balance for president.  This book was so well written that I checked every corner to see if it had been written by someone else - as far as I can see, it has not.  I am not sure many of our presidents have been such good writers and not really confident that many have been as intelligent and wise as this man.  At times the book drags a little - perhaps because he wanted to address so many issues, so if the reader does not have the time to read the whole work, I would recommend reading the chapter on the constitution.  Obama did a marveous job connecting the past with present issues that anyone could learn from his points.  No wonder he was a professor!
0316017922|5.0|An engaging quick read which restates some of the existing notions of success and some new ideas for parents  to shape their lives and guide the younger generation.  I loved the chapter \\"Marita's Bargain\\". Almost 80% of the book builds up the case that you need opportunities and chances of meaningful work - these chances are community driven. But in this chapter, the author points out that if you do not get the gifts/chances, then like Marita, you need to give up your old/current world and replace that with meaningful missions/works that you believe you need to undertake.  This should be one of the first books that should be read to drill the basic drivers of success. This should not be the last book though. The references include books and articles where you can get more in-depth analysis.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This was extremely entertaining all the way through, which is quite a statement for a film that is two-and-a-half hours long. The Blu-Ray transfer also is terrific.  I have no complaints about it. It only enhances the fun of viewing this film.     This also is a great film to enjoy audibly with some fantastic surround sound.  In fact, the sound on this B-D is as good as the visuals.    There are absolutely no dry spots in this fascinating story. Does everything make sense? Of course not; there are a lot of holes in the story, but it's a superhero action film and it's not meant to be dissected for credibility. It's just supposed to entertain, and that it does.    A large part of the credit for that goes to Heath Ledger for his \\"The Joker\\" portrayal. Every scene in which Ledger appeared was riveting. His speech, mannerisms and his dialog were fantastic. For the latter, I have to commend the screen writers who gave Ledger some great lines!
031606792X|1.0|This is a disappointing conclusion to the Twilight story.  I'm really sad that I read it. It would have been better if I stopped after the third novel Eclipse. I really enjoyed the other books in the series but hated this one.  Why did I hate this book while I liked the others? Because this book basically abandons all of the characteristics that made the characters loveable and worth investing in in the first place.  Edward is a panicky wimp, Bella is way too strong, and Jacob is creepy. The book's characters are all out of balance. They are either too strong or too wimpy. I was rooting for them all to die in the end because I didn't want to see the characters grow more distorted.
B00065GX64|5.0|What an incredible movie. I'm sure I can add nothing to what other reviewers have said, but everything fascinates me about this film. The complexity of its politics, the way the tension grows and fades and grows again (and never lies in the expected), the creativity of composition and angle in the camera work. It is easy to see how foundational it has been for every noir film that came after it, while itself building on the tradition of German cinema. It was Fritz Lang's first talkie film, and he was reluctant...but I find the long periods of silence incredibly effective at building atmosphere and you can hear your own heart beating. And Peter Lorre is brilliant in his portrayal of a serial killer...<br /><br />It is also an incredible glimpse at German society at a pivotal time. It is said Goebbels loved the film, but it is hard for me to understand quite why! In the art of it perhaps, but to me there is much respect granted to the underworld that is not at all seen in the grotesqueness of most of the shots of the bourgeois...and the criminals beat the police to the mark, in spite of the powers of Lohmann. And it is an indictment of mob mentality, the power of which Hitler harnessed in his own rise. So Goebbels clearly missed the point, though I will say there is a conservative streak that marches along with Brecht's clear influence...I certainly don't agree with all that is portrayed. But I find that in itself fascinating, it is entirely provocative.<br /><br />At any rate, for anyone who loves movies, who loves crime, who loves politics, who loves noir, this must be seen. Unequivocally. And the commentary was good. I'd watch it a second time with that turned on.
0743454537|5.0|Many of my friends had told me \\"You should read My Sister's Keeper.  I loved it.\\"  So I said why not, it sounds like it might be good.  I must say that it was way better than I thought it would be.  I didn't think a story that long about a girl whose sister had Leukemia could be anything but stretched out and slow.  I just didn't think there was that much to write about.  But I was completely wrong.          Anna, the main character, has an older sister, Kate.  Kate was diagnosed with Leukemia when she was two.  In order for Kate to survive she needed many donations of different organs.  It was safest for her to receive her organs from someone that is her same tissue type.  So her parents gave birth genetically to Anna to make sure she would be an HLA match for Kate.  \\"When I was little, the great mystery to me wasn't how babies were made, but why.\\"  This is the first sentence of the novel.  Think about this for a second.  How would you feel if you were born for the pure sake of saving your sister?  If your parents hadn't even started thinking of baby names till you were born because they thought of you in terms of your sister.  If you weren't ever allowed to go anywhere far away because your sister might need your blood transfusions if she went into relapse?  Anna couldn't grow up like any other child.  She had to mature on her own faster.  In this heartfelt book you will find yourself questioning what is right and wrong.  Picoult does a fantastic job bringing the characters to life.  I began to feel like I really knew them and even cried at the end (though if I told you why it would ruin the ending.)  This book shows you the hardest side of love and loss.  I fully recommend it and can honestly say it was one of the best books I have ever read.
B0015OKWL2|1.0|This is what I waited so long to get? If you wait a few years, this will eventually be on public television. So, I would save my money. This video cost me about 8RMB (US$1.20 at the current exchange rate) and I am still thinking about what other movie I could have seen that was worthwhile instead.<br /><br />Example: There was all this suspense built up as to whether or not DeNiro's character was really the serial killer-- as if we would *never* think to see if Pacino's character was also a possibility. WTF?<br /><br />Example: DeNiro's character tried to play a turbocharged sex stud that was giving some other, younger female cop a good thrashing on a regular basis. DeNiro is about 70 years old in real life-- and looks it. Something went wrong in the casting department.<br /><br />Example: 50cent's character went wrong (he wasn't made for the movies). His acting just wasn't believable-- and there are no shortage of other young guys who could have played a believable thug.<br /><br />Any other movie would be worthwhile.
045122499X|5.0|I'll start out by saying I've not read [[ASIN:0451225244 The Pillars of the Earth ]] and I loved this book.  You know it's a great book when it's 1000 pages but you could keep on reading another 1000.<br /><br />The previous reviewer gave this 1 star and said that it wasn't detailed enough regarding 14th C. life.  My thought was that it couldn't be much more deatiled than it is.  It is not a history lesson and if someone is looking for that they can buy a history book.  However, it is very detailed regarding the structure of life for residents of 14th C. England and the trials they faced during that time.  At the same time the reader learns about this time period, there is also an amazing story, with characters so well defined you could walk into a room and recognize each of them.  I felt like I really knew most of the townspeople.  It was just such a good story.<br /><br />The previous reviewer also complained about the violence and explicit sex scenes.  I'll just say that if you want historical accuracy I believe you can't sugar coat the brutality of what many faced daily, especially among peasants and in armies.  Additionally, I thought the sex scenes were quite mild.<br /><br />This was such an enjoyable read and definitely worth the time.  I never found it boring and enjoyed the whole story from start to finish.  I hated to see it end.
B001N4Q4MA|5.0|This was a favorite of mine as a child, now my children love it as well, This is a must have! Enjoy it! This movie looks amazing on Blu Ray, Wow!
0446343129|5.0|After reading sugar blues I stopped eating sugar. It is difficult to do because sugar is everywhere but I spend time thinking about what I eat and try my best to ensure that it contains no sugar. I've gotten to the point now where I consider an orange junk food because of it's sugar content and limit my sweet fruit intake to no more the one piece every two days. I get my vitamins and minerals from vegetables instead. My red meat intake is also greatly cut back, almost to nothing, and my protein comes from eggs, sardines, tofu, nuts, turkey, chicken, milk, cheese, yogurt, soba noodles and whey supplements (on days I work out).    The effect of this diet has been startling. I'm not tired during the day anymore even though I am sleeping six hours a night. I used to sleep 7-8 and was tired all the time. My mind is incredibly crystal clear, and I have near zero anxiety. I used have serious anxiety problems. My digestion is perfect (without getting into the gory details).    If you want to change your life, how you feel emotionally, your health, start with this book. Change your diet. You feel bad because you are poisoning yourself every day.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|Lost is the best show ever!  I love this show so much that I even named my dog after one of the characters.  However, this is a show that you cannot pick up in the middle.  If you haven't seen the previous seasons, don't even think about buying this DVD set.  Start at the beginning and watch all the way through.  Its a huge time commitment but well worth it.
0375826726|5.0|I approached book 3 with high expectations, and while Paolini appears to be taking a fair amount of heat for pacing, writing style, and the excessive length of the book, I actually came away feeling different. Brisingr is admittedly not for those looking for concise story lines with a clear start and finish, but much like Eldest, Brisingr continues to flush out the details of politics, relationships, and character progression in Paolini's world. Many likely critiqued Eldest for its painstakingly detailed analysis of dwarven and elven politics, the rules of magic, and the history of the dragon riders, but I for one found the approach welcome and fascinating. Unlike many fantasy novels that simply drive through a plot sprinkled with a few twists to hold interest, Paolini provides a window into the world of Alagaesia in a manner that left me with an appetite for more. While I find myself skimming pages in most fantasy novels to keep up with fast paced plots, I hung on every description in Brisingr and savored a slower paced immersion into the story.<br /><br />What truly captures me about the cycle is the character development. Paolini's dedication to his theme of inheritance resounds throughout his stories in Eragon, Orik, Arya, Saphira, Roran, Nasuada, and Murtagh. Brisingr continues what Eldest began, and I was pleased to see Paolini stayed true to all character's development in a fair manner. The shear volume of supporting characters lead me to believe that Paolini may have bit off more than he could chew, and I fully expected some stories to pitter off or be overwhelmed by Eragon, but Brisingr pleasantly surprised me on this account. This dedication to each individual storyline is possibly the reason so many have critiqued the size of the book and the pacing, but I found it added a depth to the storyline that you rarely find in fantasy novels.<br /><br />I'd highly recommend this book and series as one of the richer fantasy series I have read. Certainly be prepared for a deep dive into the lives of the characters and the world they live in, and a somewhat slower paced plot than you'd traditionally find in the genre. Nonetheless, I thoroughly enjoyed Brisingr from start to finish, and am anxiously awaiting the conclusion of the cycle.
0679809015|4.0|My 15 month old son loves this book and he gets better and better at lifting the flaps each time we read it.  The only disappoinment was how small it was, but it is great for the diaper bag.
B001J53X9U|4.0|Let's get one thing out of the way: this movie is terrific.  Easily the best superhero movie ever made.  Yet my basis for this review is the Limited Edition Batpod case.  Although it's pretty small, the batpod does look cool while the logo behind contains the discs itself. However, the batpod cannot be removed from the stand since it's attached permanently, and the logo case is actually mandatory.  Not major faults, but I would've liked to have the standard Blu-Ray casing, which features a \\"Jokerized\\" description of the movie such as the words \\"HAHA\\" written all over the case as well as a smile drawn over Batmans picture.  Overall, this is a unique item, but it's one I could've lived without.
B0000E1ALR|3.0|I give this collection 3 stars because don't include two greatest 80's hits: I'M ON FIRE and MY HOME TOWN not even in the GREATEST HITS album.
B000084T18|5.0|This is by far one of my favorite modern rap/hip hop albums. Im talking about 2000-to now, this was before 50 cent became a sellout and and changed his flow. this album is perfect were do i begin, i will tell you this album has great production and amazing hooks. There isnt a song that i felt like skipping when listening to the album. I am not saying 50 cent isnt a good rapper anymore it is just that it doesnt seem like he is trying too hard. Anyway this is a amazing album that you can listen to it over and over and never get tired of it. Let's hope Before I Self Destruct is as good as this one.
1401308201|5.0|I purchased this book as a holiday gift for my daughter. It will be accompanied by a ticket to go see the Chicago production of Wicked before it closes this January. The book is filled with beautiful photos and behind the scenes information. I am sure that purist who are in love with the original cast may be disappointed that it isn't exclusively about that cast. The book is well made, intentionally weathered, and was more than I was hoping for. I am sure my 12 year old will pour over it for years to come and relive the magic of seeing the actual performance. I'm delighted!
0743496736|4.0|I have read every book by Jody Picoult and this is definitely near the top of the list.  Interesting, suspenseful, and a few plot twists make it a great read.
B000O179A4|4.0|\\"DreamGirls\\" is a kind of movie that comes beautifully alive every time a song is sung. Wonderful singing performances of American Idol finalist Jennifer Hudson (her every entry is a real showstopper), Beyonce (who belts out her signature tune \\"Listen\\" here) and even Eddie Murphy (in his best role so far, even with hints of James Brown and Prince). Together with \\"Ray\\", this film should satisfy every lover of good music, especially soul. The story itself lags far behind the music, but, given what can be heard with your ears and heart, it is enough. \\"DreamGirls\\" is great entertainment, something that has been much lacking in the movies post 2000.
B001GZ6QDS|3.0|First off I don't want to rain on anyone's parade.  I am glad this movie has done so well because Ledger deserves to go out with a bang.  That said...this movie would not have held up half as well without Ledger.  Ledger is the only thing that comes close to genius in this movie.     Granted Nolan did provide some of his vision.  While Nolan's obsession with his own bleak nihilistic themes is cutting edge it seems to have stolen his focus (ie. long nihilistic joker monologues)and his story didn't get enough attention.  Watching it I got the feeling that a pretentious self-important man is at the helm of this movie who at times is brilliant but for the most part is trying to hard to be POST-MODERN DARK.  Ok it's the DARK Knight, we get it already.  Let's move on.    The plot is confusing and leaves HUGE holes in the story.  Sure, it's ultamitely a comic book movie but it seems Nolan prided himself on his realistic brutal take on the franchise - yet he makes huge jumps in logic.    3 MAIN LOGIC JUMPS...  1) Batman and Maggie's jump from the building.  The fall six stories survive and we never find out what happened with the mad serial killer joker who when we left him was still up in the penthouse terrorizing people!!!  Come on! Don't leave us hanging!  PS. When did Batman become Superman?  He can bend the barrels of guns with one hand.  Crush the roof of a car as if he weighed 3 tons.     2) The fake Gordon death.  Give Me A Break.  It was a plot twist for the sake of plot twists with no heed to any logic.  Gordon decided to fake his death so he could save Batman's life yet there is no way he could have possibly anticipted the events that would follow (Dent's confessing to be Batman, Batman not turning himself in...etc)  Gordon would have to have been pschycic to have pulled that off.  You might not agree but the whole affair seemed more than a little contrived.    4) The hospital scene.  Heath Leger in the nurses dress was visionary and hilarious - especially sincehe's so sexually-ambiguous anyway.  But maybe somebody can tell me how the heck Harvey Dent can be convinced by this homicidal maniac WHO KILLED THE LOVE OF HIS LIFE that he should join him!!  COME ON!  Further more, how could the ritious and honerable Dent ever be convinced to try to kill Gorden's son.  Rediculous.  Maybe the reason I don't believe that the Joker convinces Dent to go to the dark side is because all the Joker is doing in that pivotal hospital scene is rambling off on some vague nihalistic rhetoric.  I could barely understand it let alone be convinced that he actaully had a point!!!  I was expecting Two Face to scream in his Two Face way \\"GET OFF MY BED YOU PRETENTIOUSNESS PSCHYCOPATH!!!!!\\"    In retrospect, maybe they should have let Two Face have the third movie to himself.  That would have given Dent a full two films to develop his villany and would have seemed less stuffed and rushed.      SMALLER GRIPES  1)  I have no idea why Nolan went with the campy Eric Roberts instead of James Gandolfini who was up for the role (that's a fact).    2) The Scarecrow got ZERO respect and was made into another punk.    3) The fake Batmans were rediculous and confusing.    4) The action sequences were very messy and separated by LONG BORING   scenes of dialogue.    5) Why would Batman have to use that fake deep voice around Morgan Freeman's character who knows who his real identity is?    6)  Why does Batman have to kill Harvey at the end?  He didn't kill the Joker when he had a chance on that batcycle thing.  It seemed excessive and forced climax.  Just more of Nolan trying to push his nihalistic irony on us.    7)  This is the second movie after Batman and yet Wayne is already trying to get out of the vigalante business?  Michael Corleone didn't try to get out of the family until the third Godfather film.  It was too soon to play that card.  Lets see some business as usual, huh?    8)  Some have compared the opening sequence to Heat and Nolan to Michael Mann.Well, yeah, it's a similar armed robbery scene with ak47s and masks, same music AND the guy who plays VanSandt plays the bank manager.  It's more like a tribute than a splash of originality.  ***(LOGIC ALERT) But maybe someone can also tell me how they were able to break through the back of the building and join a line of school buses unnoticed.  After a very realistic robbery scene that really yanked me out.     All said and done....  The movie is definitely an experience, a refreshingly dark blockbuster, which is impressive.  I'm glad the fanboys got something to rejoice over.  It is worth seeing and I will probibly see it again.  But stull, it has seious flaws in my book which are annoying and are emphisized by most people's unconditional love for this film.  I feel the need to lay down some perspective.  I found it was definitely cool but not \\"GENIUS\\" - it's a rich trip into darkness if nothing else.  Thanks Heath (RIP)
B001GQ2TGA|2.0|Roma seems to be on a downward spiral starting with Amarantine: her recordings have become...well...boring. After listening to \\"And Winter Came\\" I don't think pirates will be awake enough to upload this album to their illegal file-sharing services.<br /><br />I hope Roma returns to her earlier self with albums that have both beauty and power: they were very listenable. But these last two...\\"you are getting verrrrrrry sleepy.\\"
0545128285|5.0|This is just a delightful, fun read.  The stories really felt like fairy tales - I could easily visualize the Weasley kids sitting at Molly's lap as she read these to them.      I also really enjoyed Dumbledore's commentary to each of the tales as it gave the book an added bonus and it was nice to 'hear' from Dumbledore again.     It may not be the same thing as an actual book in the HP world but Harry's tale is done - this was a nice little add on.
0956010903|5.0|I Haven't even read the book yet but that doesn't matter. I'm not expecting it to be Harry Potter. I'm expecting it to be a children's book of parables based in the Harry Potter world. From the thousand of pages that I've already read of JK Rowlings' I already know that I'll find something that I enjoy. The most important thing to me is the grandeur of the packaging of the collectors edition. I'm already imagining taking the whole thing out to read to my children (long into the future when I actually have children). The grandeur of the collectors edition will go a long way in adding to the ambiance of the age old bedtime story. Can you imagine if your parents read you a book with so many trappings when you were a child? As for me, I plan to create my own magic and ambiance by waiting for a snowy new jersey night (hopefully a blizzard) and read it by candle light. It's well worth the money, especially considering all the books that I bought in college that were way over $100 dollars, books that I didn't even want in the first place and were only able to sell back for a fraction of the price. Enjoy the book, I know I will!
B001HYY35G|5.0|This CD is amazing!! The mixing is as close to perfect as you can get besides Daft Punks Alive 2007 track selection is just the way it should be there is not one part of this cd where you are bored. The DVD is very good as well does not have a full video of a live set so don't think it comes with that but just shows how touring in the states is for Justice. A must have for anyone who enjoys heavily distorted house music or house music in general.
B000I0QK74|3.0|I had just bought October Road which I totally love, so I thought why not try his Christmas CD.  Not so hot!  I'd say four or five of the songs are pretty good, but the others are average or less than average.  If I had to buy another Christmas CD I think I'd go with Bing or Nate.
B000QR1BTQ|1.0|When I heard the instrumentals I thought - what nice fusion music- but then I was sorely disappointed when I heard the vocals - the pronunciation of the mantras are worse than poor - and thats where the trouble begins and ends - because of theis the album fails to capture the essence of these divine mantras.
0316017922|5.0|I'm sort of surprised at the number of reviews that do not seem overly enthused with Gladwell's latest book.  Aside from the excellent job that he performs in weaving and integrating disparate sets of data and research into food-for-thought material, the moral of this book is that one can never pursue success outright without the help of a myriad of factors and set of circumstances that are actually beyond one's control.  In other words, stop pursuing success and, instead, learn to be content with your present circumstances in life.  There are a lot of things in your life that you can't control: birthday, social/economic background, physical appearance, certain proclivities/inclinations.  Once you accept your present life, it is at this point that you will begin to live a life of being content and happy, as opposed to playing the games of one-upmanship not with people like Bill Gates, Google founders Brin and Page, celebrities and the like but with those that are close to you.  Our notions of success, Gladwell seems to imply, is warped and denies one to view one's life through the lens of a set of fortuitous set of circumstances that somehow, without our effort, came our way.  Life is a gift and is all the more richer and satisfying when we see that our present circumstances is a result of people who have gone before us to pave the way for us to live today.  Gladwell doesn't explicitly say this as it is my own interpretation and application of the themes presented in this book.  For that reason, the acknowledgment section located at the end of this book was a pleasure for me to read as it reinforced my personal conclusions that the author's 'success' was the result of many people in his life and not of his own effort and talent.  I highly recommend this book...more so than his other two fine books.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|Although this film has been around since long before I was born, I had never seen it until recently.  I did not know what I had been missing.<br /><br />Featuring Jimmy Stewart as George Bailey, this is a classic in every sense of the term.  Bailey is a regular guy living in an average town.  He has a brother who becomes a big war hero and a good friend who becomes very wealthy.  Not George.  He just keeps plugging away at his life.<br /><br />A series of events hits him that leaves him very discouraged.  He is contemplating suicide and speculating that it would have been better had he never been born.  An angel is sent to help him.<br /><br />During the course of the movie, the angel reveals to George many things and people that would have been worse off if not for his presence.  It is not only a great story, but it will also prompt viewers to consider that even seemingly small things that they do may have a big impact on others.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie for viewers of all ages and interests.
B001GKYBXA|5.0|Soon after the Beatles broke up, John Lennon was on Mike Douglas or Dick Cavett...and said something like \\"I expected that Paul would make a great album, and scare me into doing something great.  And then I would make a great album and scare him into doing something great.  It hasn't worked out that way.\\"  McCartney had just released Ram.<br /><br />Well, the Fireman would have impressed John.<br /><br />It will probably impress you, too.
0676979343|5.0|I've enjoyed Ms. Lahiri since her early days as a short story writer.  Her biggest criticism is that her writing is simple, using the vocabulary of a middle-schooler.  But this does injustice to her clear and powerful prose, her attention to detail, and her honesty in relating the Indian immigrant and 1st generation experience.  Ms. Lahiri's writing is not a multi-layered cake, but a simple flan done to perfection.  It's smooth, pure and genuine, tasting of each ingredient without fuss.  The anti-Salman Rushdie.
B001F12J48|3.0|i read the book as a kid in the 80s i loved it but many year later i saw the move a thought it was crap so save your  money and buy the book
0956010903|4.0|The collectors edition is really lovely and the quality seems high. It will look great on a shelf. It was a Christmas gift for myself so I didn't mind the the contents were clearly marked on the outside. I would give this review 5 stars, but the 100 dollar price point is just too high. It is not really a limited edition as Amazon will clearly sell as many as they can. 50 dollars would have been a better price for this item.
B0012Q732O|2.0|I picked up this film based largely on the previews I saw on TV, and in hopes of interesting graphics and effects. Also, director Roland Emmerich was responsible for _The Patriot_ and _Independence Day_. With a title like this one, though, I wasn't expecting much of a plot line -- so I wasn't too disappointed to discover I was correct in that regard, even if you ignore the anachronisms and treat it as a pure fantasy. Such as it is, the story turns on a classic quest: The newly chosen leader of a prehistoric tribe of mammoth hunters (out in what is probably meant to be the mountains of central Asia, or maybe it's Africa -- it's difficult to tell) has to go on an impossibly long trek with a few companions to rescue his woman, who has been kidnapped in a raid by a gang of horse-mounted slavers, who drag their captives home over mountains and deserts and through jungles, in order to put them to work building . . . something. Not a pyramid, exactly, but similar. I think. And the reason they're doing this is because they've been ordered to by some mysterious figures who are either aliens or refugees from Atlantis. Anyway, going all that way for a handful of laborers seems pretty inefficient, but the journey gives the hunter chief time to recruit an army of allies among the tribes he meets along the way. He also makes friends with a large sabertooth cat, learns about sailboats, and regrets not having invented the compass. Finally, the Good Guys reach the city of the Bad Guys, infiltrate the slave quarters, and foment a rebellion. All in all, the plot isn't bad, if you're not expecting Academy Award material, and the acting (all by actors you've never heard of, except for Omar Sharif supplying the narrative voice-over) isn't that bad. The camera work, however, sucks. So much of the film is set at night, or in dark surroundings, you'll find yourself squinting.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|Amazon reviewers in noticeably large numbers are wholly in the right for lavishly praising this BBC version of Jane Austen's final novel. Of the spate of Austen adaptations released in the past two decades, it's arguable that this particular one is the finest. First of all, it takes striking advantage of TV's being so good a medium for the adaptation of manners novels. Pretty much void of grand vistas, this version focuses on expressive close-ups, raised eyebrows, revelatory tete-a-tetes, and the tinkle of teacups. Amanda Root is wonderfully adept at showing us the painful consequences of Anne Elliot's refusal of Captain Wentworth years earlier. Her face in the early scenes is one with an appropriately faded bloom, and her unhappiness is signaled through her nervous, furtive glances and the almost cringing manner in which she enters rooms. She is the consummate solitary heroine of this potentially tragic, mature Austen novel. At home, she experiences what has been called the tyranny of neglect, being regularly passed over or unexpectedly offered to others for \\"use\\" by her self-absorbed father and older sister. The tinkle of teacups in these family scenes reveals to the shrewd observer that some of the hands holding the cups might as well have been claws and the noses snouts. Jane Austen clearly in this film is revealed as a specialist both in domestic humor and domestic horror. With the exception of Anne herself, the other Elliots inadvertently illustrate the truth in G.B.Shaw's witty paradox that \\"the human family is the greatest instrument of torture the race has so far devised.\\"    The Lyme scenes of the story are especially well-handled. A combination of the fresh sea air and a growing restoration in the returned Wentworth's good opinion combine to change Amanda Root's face to one of bright-eyed hope \\"after all hope has been lost.\\" Also, the encounters here between Anne and the heartbroken Captain Benwick have been successfully dramatized and are moving in theirrich irony. Having lost his beloved Phoebe, but ignorant of Anne's own lost love, Benwick tells Anne she cannot understand what he has lost. She responds beautifully and powerfully with the quiet rejoinder, \\"Oh, but I can.\\"     If the film has any flaws, I would say they lie in the denouement which is truncated and rather abrupt and in the characterization of Sir Walter and his oldest daughter Elizabeth. These two Elliots are too monotonously drawn in their repetitive self-absorbtion, the father caring only for looks and the daughter for rank. On the other hand, Mary, the hypochondriac Elliot middle sister, played with great skill by Sophie Thompson, is a wholly successful characterization, being more than one-dimensional in her awfulness and thus more unwittingly comical - she's a snob and doting mother as well as a hypochondriac. But these flaws, after all, are relatively small ones when taken in conjunction with the understanding and respect for the novel this adaptation shows and for the excellence of the acting in evidence throughout.
B00001OH7V|4.0|It is impossible to talk about \\"Heroes\\" without gushing over the epic title track which remains if not Bowie's most famous song then it is on a very short list. The song builds and builds to a crescendo no doubt helped by the droning lead guitar of special guest Robert Fripp and David's own impassioned vocals which have rarely outdone by him or anyone since. The full length \\"Heroes\\" would be reason enough for me to get this record (well before I got my IPOD) but the rest of the album is entertaining if one gives it some time, patience and a few more extra listens. Much like its previous twin, `Low', October `77's \\"Heroes\\" has conventional songs on the first half and hypnotic instrumentals on most of the second half. \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" and \\"Joe the Lion\\" highlight the former (along with \\"Heroes\\" of course!) and \\"Sense of Doubt\\" is spellbinding in the latter. Bowie, Eno and Visconti cover similar terrain here in the one album of the supposed \\"Berlin\\" trilogy that was mostly actually recorded in Berlin! Many of the songs reference the cosmopolitan nature of what was considered to be the most diverse capital in Western Europe (and the gay and drug capital to boot!) such as \\"Neukoln\\", \\"V-2 Schneider\\", \\"Arabia\\" and obviously the song that describes lovers \\"standing by the wall\\". \\"Heroes\\" the LP is a challenge like its predecessor but it will reward the adventurous listener.
B0015YFOH4|5.0|Rarely do I take the time to actually sit down and write a review but once in a great while along comes an album so overpoweringly moving that it seems almost the only fair response one can give.    This album is easily among the most inspired works of art I've ever had the pleasure to listen to.  I've had a broad range of experience musically, I've played stringed instruments for well over a decade, studied the techniques of greats such as Paganini and Beethoven and these two artists hit every note right on this album.  This, along with their masterpiece \\"Into the Labyrinth\\" successfully pull off what very few people can manage in this day and age, in truth they almost embody the punk \\"DIY\\" mindset.    If you can create a sound with ancient instruments in a windy castle, great, it'll sound brilliant.  Can't do that?  Use a modern mixing board to layer dream scape sound over dream scape sound to create something transcendent.  Still having trouble?  Add a synthesizer to create the crystallization only found within digital media.  What Dead Can Dance recognizes that so many bands forget is that this music is theirs.  I think it was Perry who once said \\"we make medicine for ourselves, if it can heal others all the better\\", they aren't bogged down by silly notions of traditionalism or progressive styling, though they fit into both with an ease almost frightening.    If I were asked to make a list of the top 5 most artistically relevant musical achievements of all time, this album would be in that list.  It is truly one of those rare masterpieces most of us only have the opportunity to hear about, well here it is folks, pure, unfettered, almost tangible and palpable art.  Love it or hate it, you have to respect it or I question you're basic understanding of what constitutes music.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|My husband converted me to Gilmore Girls fandom through reruns on ABC Family channel. We rented the complete first season so that I might enjoy the series from the beginning.<br /><br />The first season lays the groundwork for the future complexities and issues in the series. From the first episode, we learn about Lorelai's stormy relationship with her parents; Rory's ambitions; Sookie's gourmet tastes (which ultimately lead her to love and babies); the Gilmores disappointments, etc. The major characters are not perfect. Lorelai is still \\"stuck\\" at 16- the age she was when she gave birth to Rory. Rory's best friend is her immature mother. (In fact, I've become upset with Rory for occassionally closing out Lane Kim, who is her other best friend.) Lorelai and Rory are selfish, confused, and emotionally unavailable to their friends. Still, it's addictive to watch their trials and tribulations in their quiet New England town.<br /><br />Lane, Sookie, and Michael are wonderful supporting characters who are much healthier than our heroines. Lane is the best friend every teenager wishes she would have. Lane's mom is the kind of parents most mothers wish their daughters' best friends would have! Sookie is has so much gusto and she's not afraid to ask men out. Michael has to deal with Lorelai's juvenile nonsense, and he takes it all with good humor and sassy replies! :)<br /><br />The show attempts to deal with issues of socioeconomic status. That's where it fails, in retrospect. The canned stereotypes leave much to be desired. Not only do the superwealthy (Gilmores) become embarrassed when their 16 year old daughter gets pregnant; not only do the superwealthy become disappointed when their teen daughter ruins her college plans; not only do the superwealthy wreck their cars in drunken stupors; not only do the superwealthy get all persnickety about their homes and appearances. Rory's decision to attend Chilton demonstrates that she buys into class and labels. Rory is more Grandma Gilmore than Lorelai is. Yet, Lorelai, who walked away from a comfortable lifestyle to raise Rory on her own, working as a maid and living in a one room \\"shack\\" condones Rory's decision.<br /><br />Nevertheless, the stories are wonderful. I can't wait to rent season two!elai is. Yet, Lorelai, who walked away from a comfortable lifestyle to raise Rory on her own, working as a maid and living in a one room \\"shack\\" condones Rory's decision.     Nevertheless, the stories are wonderful. I can't wait to rent season two!
B001E75QGG|3.0|I have to admit, I had pretty low expectations for this fourth film in the series. I mean, with the generally high failure rate of sequels, what can you realistically expect from a fourth attempt? But I was pleasantly surprised: This one is almost as good as the first. It certainly resembles \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark\\" in various ways, both in the story line -- a race against the Bad Guys to find the secret location of a mysterious artifact that possesses occult (or at least arcane) powers -- and in its \\"bits of business.\\" There's also a running fight between the Goodies and the Badies in separate vehicles racing on parallel tracks through the jungle. There's a nerve-wracking precipice. There's even a love interest in the return of Marian Ravenwood, played by Karen Allen. What's amazing is that, while Harrison Ford certainly looks older, he's still very spry for being 65 years old -- which is only a shade older than me, and I'm not even remotely in that sort of condition. Not every shot can be handled by a stunt double or faked with CGI. The period this time is 1957, roughly 18 years after the last film, in order to account for Indy (and Ford) being 18 years older himself, so the embodiment of all that is evil is now the Commies instead of the Nazis. What genre of films were peculiar to the mid-50s? Science fiction-slash-monster flicks, with invaders from Mars standing in for the other side in the Cold War. The plotline, with interdimensional instead of interplanetary visitors, plays deliberately against that. So does the entry of Henry \\"Mutt\\" Williams (played very nicely by Shia LeBoeuf) astride a Harley and looking very much like James Dean. Mutt, who is Marian's son (by, of course, Indiana Jones) develops the same tense and rebelious relationship with Indiana that Indy himself had with his own father. Wheels within wheels. The film's semi-violent action opens _in media res_ and seldom pauses for more than a minute or two. There are plenty of surprise antics (my favorite probably is Indiana popping up and blowing back through the business end of a native's blowgun, burying the poison dart in the guy's throat). The army ants are also a nice effect. I would rate this one at least as good as \\"The last Crusade,\\" which means it ties for Second Place after the original film.orite probably is Indiana popping up and blowing back through the business end of a native's blowgun, burying the poison dart in the guy's throat). The army ants are also a nice effect. I would rate this one at least as good as \\"The last Crusade,\\" which means it ties for Second Place after the original film.
0307455874|5.0|This book is not so much about policy as it is about ideals and where Obama stands on key issues, such as politics, opportunity in America, race, and family. It's a very insightful read and incredibly well-written.
0312360266|4.0|Was an easy but exciting read.  A different take on vampyres with teenage humor throughout!!
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|ENGLISH REVIEW:<br />This movie would have been better if it hadn't had Perce Brosnan singing in it. His singing is horrendous ruining a great ABBA song: SOS<br /><br />Well, apart from that, this movie is great fun... the only thing I didn't like is that here in Mexico it took a long time to be released. On top of that it was DUBBED IN SPANISH!!! Dubbing a movie into spanish is a big mistake since most of us mexicans like to watch it in its original audio. And dubbing a musical is the worst mistake, they talk in spanish and suddenly sing in english, it's terrible. Who came up with this, I don't know. I had to enter a VIP movie theater cause that is the only place showing it in English. CINEPOLIS should be ashamed.<br /><br />ESPA&Ntilde;OL:<br />Esta pelicula hubera sido mejor si no hubiera tenido a Pierce Brosnan cantando. Su canto fue horrendo arruinando una gran cancion de ABBA: SOS<br /><br />Bueno, aparte de eso, esta pelicula fue muy divertida lo unico que no me gust&oacute; fue que aqu&iacute; en M&eacute;xico se tardo mucho en ser estrenada. Encima de eso estaba DOBLADA AL ESPA&Ntilde;OL!!! Eso es un gran error ya que a la mayoria de nosotros los mexicanos nos gusta ver las peliculas con su idioma y audio original. Y doblar un musical es el peor de los errores, hablan en espa&ntilde;ol y de repente cantan en ingl&eacute;s, es terrible. A quien se le ocurri&oacute; esto, no lo s&eacute;.<br />Encima de todo en CINEPOLIS solo mostraban la version subtitulada en las salas VIP, tuve que entrar ah&iacute; haci&eacute;ndome gastar m&aacute;s. CINEPOLIS deber&iacute;a avergonzarse.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Even before The Dark Knight opened in theaters, it had taken on a macabre mystique. Heath Ledger's untimely death and glimpses of his makeup and performance created part of a box office draw rarely equaled in motion picture history. But not even the trailers and TV ads could prepare audiences for Ledger's inspired and disturbing performance. The previous incarnation of the Joker, played by Jack Nicholson, was nothing but a violent, hyperactive clown. Nicholson overplayed the role and made the character conform to his larger-than-life persona. But Ledger nailed the real essence of the Joker and bore no resemblance to Nicholson's caricature. The Joker of The Dark Knight is not a simple murderer and bank robber. His goal is to inspire evil in others so that even the most law abiding citizen will be driven to commit acts of crime or murder.<br /><br />At any opportunity, the Joker tries to drive crime fighters toward crime by sowing the seeds of terror and chaos. He allows himself to fall into a police trap so that he can spring a more diabolical plot. He arranges to have two ferries full of passengers forced into committing mass murder against one another. He dresses restrained civilians as criminals so police will be responsible for murdering innocents. To portray such a character, Ledger adopted mannerisms that at times seemed insect-like, similar to Jeff Goldblum's performance in The Fly. At other times, Ledger's performance invoked Malcolm McDowell in A Clockwork Orange. But the combination of nihilism and violent eruption that defined the Joker was achieved purely by Ledger's own artistry and for that he should be considered for a posthumous Academy Award. Despite Christian Bale getting top billing, Ledger played a more important, challenging role in the film. Wayne is well defined from Batman Begins and the Joker is firmly established in the prologue, a bank heist in which all the accomplices are shot and the Joker issues his tenet, which is a twist on Nietzsche: \\"What doesn't kill you makes you stranger.\\"<br /><br />But the central character in The Dark Knight is neither the Joker nor Batman. It's Harvey Dent. The film follows the major changes that transform him from the public attorney into DC comic book villain Two-Face. The bulk of the character development focuses on Dent's complicated descent from a dedicated, fearless political figure, passionate about defeating criminals using the rule of law. This white knight of Gotham lives by his tenet, \\"you either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.\\" Dent is able to achieve popularity and make good on his promise to put violent mafia figures behind bars mainly because Batman is willing to do the dirty work and get no credit for it. As Batman's success in the streets and Dent's success in the courtroom push the mob organizations into an increasingly small corner, the Joker appeals to the mob bosses and rallies them against Batman. In the ensuing chaos, it becomes clear that Dent lacks ethical principles. When he loses his girlfriend, Rachel Dawes (Maggie Gyllenhaal), and damages half his face in one of the Joker's vicious schemes, Dent turns his back on the law altogether. With some words of inspiration from the Joker, Dent transforms himself into Two-Face. Dent had gone after criminals. But Two-Face preys upon cops, including Lt. Jim Gordon (Gary Oldman), using a two-headed coin similar to the one Nolan and Bale used in The Prestige. Instead of magic tricks, however, Two-Face uses the coin to determine the fate of his victims.<br /><br />The significance of the coin and of Dent's prophetic quote about becoming a villain is to show how easy it is to succumb to chance and chaos in the absence of real principles. One of the themes of The Dark Knight is to evaluate how different characters respond to the pressures of leadership and of fighting evil. Nolan hits upon a truth seemingly missed by the entire press corps: leaders must be willing to sacrifice their popularity to do what's right. This core message of The Dark Knight is demonstrated in a subplot about telecommunications surveillance taken right from the front pages of newspapers during the US debate about the Homeland Security Act of 2007. Bruce Wayne uses government contractors to build an advanced telecom technology that taps into ordinary cellphones to triangulate and illuminate the location of anyone in Gotham. The technology is the only way to locate and catch the Joker. But when Wayne Enterprises' most trusted official, Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman), finds out what Wayne is up to, he says that no man should have that much power and tenders his resignation.<br /><br />Faced with an adversary who is threatening countless lives and the future of Gotham, Wayne understands the consequences if he doesn't do what's necessary to end the Joker's campaign of terror. Dent proves to be an unprincipled politician with a rotten core and no one but Wayne/Batman is willing to sacrifice popularity to win the fight against evil. Ultimately, Batman decides he must take the blame for the actions of Two-Face in order to defeat the Joker and restore faith to the people of Gotham. The decision has major consequences. Gordon ultimately describes Batman as, \\"not a hero. He's a silent guardian, a watchful protector...a dark knight.\\" Public perception is always secondary to Batman. His principles guide him to defeat evil and save lives, but the result is his loss of popularity and respect. Some things are more important than public perception.Approximating the viewing experience in IMAX theaters, the Blu-ray version of The Dark Knight shifts between 1.78:1 and 2.4:1 sequences, which is a tremendous asset in preserving the vision of the filmmaker and in attempting to get an IMAX-like experience in viewers' home theaters. The prologue, as well as other 1.78:1 sequences, appear with lifelike detail and good depth. Some have complained about the subtle use of edge enhancement as detracting from the overall picture quality, but I believe what they are seeing is an ever-so-slight glow effect that makes the bright areas of some scenes appear heightened. Deducting points for this type of brightness would be silly. Meanwhile, the black level is remarkable as it conveys all gradations of grey and retains very good definition. Since so much of the film has dark, dimly lit scenes, the inky blacks contribute greatly to the depth and weight of the picture.<br /><br />So how does the resolution of the 2.4:1 content compare to the 1.78:1 picture quality? Believe it or not, the detail remains nearly consistent in both aspect ratios--there's just more presence in the scenes shot using the IMAX cameras. Non-IMAX sequences give up surprisingly little in definition. Perhaps the most extraordinary scene to view the differences is when Batman raids the high rise building in Hong Kong to extract Lau (Chin Han). In the full IMAX resolution, with much of the screen enveloped in deep black, Batman is shown perched above the city. He then descends through the air, breaking through the window nearby the desk where Lau is working and quickly dispatches Lau's body guards. Finally, as he holds Lau near the broken windows, both men are whisked out of the building by a floating device and a passing aircraft. The complicated, busy action coupled with poor lighting would be problematic if not for the detail delivered both by the 1.78:1 and 2.4:1 shots that make up the scene. While the IMAX picture is preferable because of a greater sense of depth and resolution, the 2.4:1 content shares its small, gentle grain and otherwise clean, highly detailed presentation. Some element of the grain has a digital sheen to it, but I cannot justify deducting a point or half-point for that. In keeping with the dark visuals, the sound throughout The Dark Knight is weighted toward the lower registers with heavy LFE content. While the audio across the dynamic range is delivered in good detail, with plenty of resolution, the Dolby TrueHD content is clearly bass-heavy. It doesn't have quite the 3D impact one might expect in an action movie, with very little content assigned assigned to the rear channels. But it is preferable to err on the conservative side than to have an overly aggressive surround soundstage where it is really not warranted. On the other hand, some multichannel audiophiles may nitpick that the surrounds are underutilized. The anchoring across the center channel delivers all the dialog, while the front left and right speakers provide the bulk of the score. The music by Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard is less thematic and more of a mood amplifier to make the story more hard-hitting. Aside from the sound effects and subwoofer content, the soundtrack mostly disappears in the action and visuals. Looking back on it, that is a unique accomplishment for an action film, to be such a visual work of art that one hardly notices the score as sound. While all detail of the dialog and music is clearly articulated across the front channels, it often sounds diminutive in comparison to deeper content.<br /><br />Listen to the scene where Batman, Lt. Gordon and Dent have a rooftop meeting together. Gordon's and Dent's voices are perfectly reproduced, crisp and detailed, yet they sound slightly anemic compared to Batman's deeper, more open voice. While the audio engineering is actually very good, the bass emphasis can overshadow the more relaxed dialog, especially Gordon's voice. This is a minor complaint, as all dialog is plainly audible and every word and breath expertly recorded. And of course, the advantage of having a pronounced LFE channel is on display throughout The Dark Knight. Listen to the scene where the 18 wheeler flips over its horizontal axis--an impressive bit of stuntwork--creating a cacaphony of deep bass rumble, crashing steel and other sound effects. Explosions, breaking glass, gunshots and other effects are impressively engineered. The amazing feature of the Dolby TrueHD track is that nothing gets lost in the mix, regardless of the minimal use of surrounds.Warner's BD is a must-have for your collection. The film is truly unique and riveting, and Warner did a great job integrating the IMAX footage for 1080p. Highest recommendations.picture quality, but I believe what they are seeing is an ever-so-slight glow effect that makes the bright areas of some scenes appear heightened. Deducting points for this type of brightness would be silly. Meanwhile, the black level is remarkable as it conveys all gradations of grey and retains very good definition. Since so much of the film has dark, dimly lit scenes, the inky blacks contribute greatly to the depth and weight of the picture.    So how does the resolution of the 2.4:1 content compare to the 1.78:1 picture quality? Believe it or not, the detail remains nearly consistent in both aspect ratios--there's just more presence in the scenes shot using the IMAX cameras. Non-IMAX sequences give up surprisingly little in definition. Perhaps the most extraordinary scene to view the differences is when Batman raids the high rise building in Hong Kong to extract Lau (Chin Han). In the full IMAX resolution, with much of the screen enveloped in deep black, Batman is shown perched above the city. He then descends through the air, breaking through the window nearby the desk where Lau is working and quickly dispatches Lau's body guards. Finally, as he holds Lau near the broken windows, both men are whisked out of the building by a floating device and a passing aircraft. The complicated, busy action coupled with poor lighting would be problematic if not for the detail delivered both by the 1.78:1 and 2.4:1 shots that make up the scene. While the IMAX picture is preferable because of a greater sense of depth and resolution, the 2.4:1 content shares its small, gentle grain and otherwise clean, highly detailed presentation. Some element of the grain has a digital sheen to it, but I cannot justify deducting a point or half-point for that. In keeping with the dark visuals, the sound throughout The Dark Knight is weighted toward the lower registers with heavy LFE content. While the audio across the dynamic range is delivered in good detail, with plenty of resolution, the Dolby TrueHD content is clearly bass-heavy. It doesn't have quite the 3D impact one might expect in an action movie, with very little content assigned assigned to the rear channels. But it is preferable to err on the conservative side than to have an overly aggressive surround soundstage where it is really not warranted. On the other hand, some multichannel audiophiles may nitpick that the surrounds are underutilized. The anchoring across the center channel delivers all the dialog, while the front left and right speakers provide the bulk of the score. The music by Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard is less thematic and more of a mood amplifier to make the story more hard-hitting. Aside from the sound effects and subwoofer content, the soundtrack mostly disappears in the action and visuals. Looking back on it, that is a unique accomplishment for an action film, to be such a visual work of art that one hardly notices the score as sound. While all detail of the dialog and music is clearly articulated across the front channels, it often sounds diminutive in comparison to deeper content.    Listen to the scene where Batman, Lt. Gordon and Dent have a rooftop meeting together. Gordon's and Dent's voices are perfectly reproduced, crisp and detailed, yet they sound slightly anemic compared to Batman's deeper, more open voice. While the audio engineering is actually very good, the bass emphasis can overshadow the more relaxed dialog, especially Gordon's voice. This is a minor complaint, as all dialog is plainly audible and every word and breath expertly recorded. And of course, the advantage of having a pronounced LFE channel is on display throughout The Dark Knight. Listen to the scene where the 18 wheeler flips over its horizontal axis--an impressive bit of stuntwork--creating a cacaphony of deep bass rumble, crashing steel and other sound effects. Explosions, breaking glass, gunshots and other effects are impressively engineered. The amazing feature of the Dolby TrueHD track is that nothing gets lost in the mix, regardless of the minimal use of surrounds.Warner's BD is a must-have for your collection. The film is truly unique and riveting, and Warner did a great job integrating the IMAX footage for 1080p. Highest recommendations.
B0013FDM7E|4.0|When it comes to remakes of films I've always liked, I generally have very low expectations. This one, of course, is a remake of _The Omega Man_ (the only good film Charlton Heston ever made, in my opinion), which was based on the novel by Richard Matheson -- also one of my favorites. (The version meant to star Schwarzenegger fell through before completion.) And there was a terrible version starring Vincent Price called _The Last Man on Earth._ Also, Will Smith, who is actually a pretty good actor, had already appeared in _I, Robot,_ one of the worst films ever based on a classic science fiction story. So, would this attempt be any better?<br /><br />I'm pleased to say that, while this version of one of the best \\"zombie\\" yarns ever written has significant differences from both the book and the Heston movie, it's a very good piece of work taken on its own. Smith is Robert Neville, an army researcher involved in developing the genetically mutated virus that brings an end to cancer as it spreads. Unfortunately, it mutates farther than intended and kills off ninety percent of the world's population. Of the survivors, another few percent become inhuman \\"Dark Seekers\\" and kill off all the others. Neville is one of only a handful of naturally immune individuals. And while cooped up in his house on Washington Square, trying desperately to find a cure for the plague he helped cause, he's going slowly and quietly insane. And when night comes, the windows are shuttered and the doors bolted because the Infected will be coming out to hunt. Smith plays the role with considerable power and believability. The camera work and the sets are excellent, and the screenplay is first-rate. One of the best horror films I've seen in awhile.
0380713802|3.0|About 100 pages into this book, I was on my way to ordering all of Bryson's books. A few pages later, my pace of reading started to slow down. And then suddenly I couldn't get any further, however hard I tried...    Maybe it was partly because his journey started in my home country of Norway, but I found myself laughing out loud constantly during the first part of the book. I also enjoyed the start of his European travels, but as he left Rome, I just didn't care anymore. The jokes seemed to dry up, and perhaps he lost interest himself? Anyway, I've tried to pick the book back up several times, but I'm just not into it any longer. And so far I haven't purchased any more Bryson books....
B000063JZQ|2.0|I read the play in my English class, and it didn't live up to my expectations. Don't get me wrong, i thought it was okay, but i had very high expectations going in. We then watched to movie in class, I didn't know what from the movie. What I saw was something mediocre at best. During most of the movie it couldn't hold my attention. The scene with the naked witches was really disgusting and vulgar. If it wasn't for the hilarious fight scenes with Macbeth vs. Siward(And his men) and Macbeth vs. Macduff, I would have given it one star. Those fight scene where meant to be huge action packed moments that had the audience on the edge of their seat, but instead they had me laughing myself silly. My English teacher made the comment, during the Macbeth vs. Macduff fight, \\"It's like watching two brothers fighting in a basement.\\" I think his description of the fight is spot on. I would recommend passing on buying this Dvd. It might be worth renting just to see how two hilarious those two fight scenes toward then end are, but it's definitely not worth a buy at all.
B001KVZ6DE|5.0|Cadillac Records chronicled the rise of Chess Records and the career of Muddy Waters, a sharecropper turned musician in the late 1940s. Chess records, the product of a very ambitious Leonard Chess (portrayed by Brody) birthed several great musicians (Etta James, Muddy Waters, Chuck Berry, Howling Wolf, Little Walter to name a few) during a time when the industry was segregated, as well as society. Giving prized cadillacs to his employees versus royalties, Chess created an empire that allowed talented artists to cross over into radio and television. Creating, influencing if not impacting Rock & Roll, R&B as well as other genres of music, Chess Records would stay at the top of the industry for years.     The movie also looked at the personal lives of these famed stars. The movie centers around Muddy Waters, a womanizer and drunk, who was the first big artist signed to Chess Records, and Leonard Chess (it's founder). A very talented Beyonce plays Etta James who wrestles with her own demons (drugs and alcohol), after being rejected by her father, who is not ready to admit to the world or anyone for that matter that he has a bi-racial/illegitimate daughter.  There was Chuck Berry (played by the very talented Mos Def) who was one of the first African Americans to play on American Bandstand, and successfully crossover before going to jail and suing some of the biggest name bands in the country (Beach Boys) for stealing his music. Little Walter, a harmonica playing musician with a temper, entertained us with his quick wit and quicker temper. And a host of other equally talented musicians, among them the very imposing and intimidating Howling Wolf, all who helped create the basis for some of the music we hear today.     Although I traditionally don't go for these types of movies, I enjoyed it and would recommend it for no other reason than hearing Beyonce singing James' \\"At Last\\" and several others. Her voice is indeed magical and resonates of the pain she felt her entire life. She really brought James to life as I think no other musician of today could. If you're bored on a Sunday afternoon, take some time out to see it. It's worth the $8 ticket price.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I usually go to the gym for about 45-60 minutes of cardio daily, and 30 minutes of weight lifting on alternating days. I went to visit my mom for Thanksgiving and replaced my usual workouts with this and was actually sore. This is a great short workout (about 25 mintues), although the stretch at the end is much too short.
B001G60FTI|4.0|One of the main reasons, I think, that Gladwell is such a popular author in a field like business psychology is that he's a terrific storyteller. This study of the way our minds create first impressions, the way we \\"thin-slice\\" in just a few seconds, or even fractions of a second, to draw conclusions about people and situations, especially in times of stress, is thoroughly fascinating, largely because of the case studies he describes in making his point. For instance, a thoroughly trained, deeply experienced art historian can look at a painting or statue and know almost instantly whether it's a fake or not -- even if he can't describe *how* he knows. It's this ability that has enabled the species to survive. But it also sometimes gets in the way of rational, preferred behavior. An autistic, for another example, lacks this ability to \\"read minds\\" from instant, authomatic analysis of facial expressions, a skill learned in infancy, and is dependent on explanations by others. Gladwell also gives us the real history behind the Pepsi Challenge and how the Coca Cola Company managed to fail so badly with New Coke. (It was confusion between the \\"sip test\\" vs. the \\"drink the whole can test.\\") And he examines the reasons for the killing of Amadou Diallo by a car full of New York City cops. (Not innate racism so much as complete failure of the cops' training.) And, finally, he describes in considerable detail \\"Millenium Challenge,\\" the vastly expensive war game conducted in 2002, how and why the Blue Team (representing the U.S.) was savaged by a retired Marine Corps general heading the Red Team -- and how the results were were then refused and perverted by the Bush Pentagon for its own ends in the run-up to the invasion of Iraq. This is the author's second book and he continues to both fascinate and educate.
0930289234|5.0|I am almost embarrassed that it has taken me this long to get around to this classic comic series. I had of course heard about it for years, but it took the amazing trailer for the upcoming movie adaptation to prompt me to pick it up. For those of you unfamiliar with it, the Watchmen is a self contained superhero comic series that came out in 1986. Along with Maus and the Dark Knight Returns, it revolutionized the comic book industry of the 1980's and paved the way for the darker, more adult graphic novels we have today.<br />Watchmen takes place in an alternate 1985. The superheroes are very down to earth, in fact only one can claim what we would consider `real' superpowers. The rest are the second generation of masked vigilantes. When we join the story, few are still actively fighting crime largely due to an anti-vigilante law passed in 1977. The plot moves effortlessly between the past and present. Minor details in the panels hint at the differences between our world and theirs such as America winning in Vietnam and Nixon running for three terms. Moore is examining what effect superheroes would have had on things like the cold war. Technology is more advanced than in our world largely due to the one real superhero, Dr. Manhattan who can manipulate matter and energy on an atomic scale.<br />This is a much grittier world than what we normally find in superhero comics and the frank sexuality and violence is not for the squeamish. Think more Miller's Sin City than Iron Man. Check this out as a groundbreaking adult comic with a labyrinthine plot and amazing artwork packed full of hidden gems and detail. For example in chapter 5, Fearful Symmetry, each page mirrors one later in the chapter in both layout and content, when you reach the middle the mirror images intersect. Mirrored image motifs are hidden in many of the panels, for example the half visible Aoxomoxoa Grateful Dead poster in two different panels. Each chapter has a similar motif that can be found in many of the panels and each tie into the larger story and mystery.<br />The movie comes out in March 2008.f the panels and each tie into the larger story and mystery.<br />The movie comes out in March 2008.
B000FDECGA|4.0|This was a gift for my brother because he heard the title on Kill Bill 2.  He made everyone watch it.  He is a martial arts movie fan and this is now one of his favorites.
1416562605|5.0|Very interesting story told in a week's worth of letters written from an Indian entrepreneur (former servant/driver and now his own man and the proud owner of a taxi service and a chandelier in Bangalore) to the Premier of China, who is planning a visit to India, according to the news radio.<br /><br />Balram Halwai (aka The White Tiger) is a peasant from the Darkness, a rural area characterized by abject poverty, cruelty of the landlords and of people scrabbling for what they can get in any way they can get it. He doesn't want the Chinese leader to be misled by the progressive, prosperous India that will undoubtedly be shown to him by the country's leaders and tour guides, oh no! He wants him to know the REAL India, his own India, outsourcing capital of the world, and proceeds to tell him how he went from the Darkness to entrepreneurship in Bangalore with nothing but his own sweat and ingenuity, and he doesn't leave out the part where he's also a wanted criminal, nor does he deny his criminal deeds. His resourcefulness and humor come through loud and clear right along with his desperation.<br /><br />Adiga portrays Balram as a classically tragic figure, one you feel compassion for and yet one you despise at the same time. Hilariously funny at times, morally complicated and twisted, and an interesting picture of India from the inside. Highly recommended for those who like to go exploring culturally.
B00001IVQT|5.0|I bought 5 different CDs of Rachmaninov Piano Concerto #2, none of which I was happy with as most artists were too concerned with showing off their technical ability, often ignoring the music or the orchestra, or if they understood the music, lacked in the technical mastery to pull it off.  I then came across this CD.  Oh my!  This recording completely mesmerized me.  Ashkenazy's technical mastery of the piece, his superb interplay with the orchestra, outstanding emotion-filled interpretation of the piece, I have nothing but praise for this recording. The only disappointment is that the sound quality is not the best as it lacks in the dynamic range, but given it was recorded in 1963 and is mostly due to the limitation of the original recording, one cannot complain too much.  I am just grateful that I came across this recording, and Decca keeping it available for people to enjoy, 45 years after its original performance.
B00000251N|5.0|The book of JLS sold tons of copies back in the early '70's, when New Age religious thought experienced a surge in popularity. The film of JLS was much, much less successful, but for those of us who bought and read and re-read the darn little book, it was still a \\"must-see.\\" The real winner, though, turned out to be Neil's film score on LP. I think I wore my copy out in only a few years. Recently, I bought the CD version, and found that I still enjoy listening to his composition. It brings back memories of a time when I studied and practiced psychic spiritually-based (I hope) mediumship, and meditated every Saturday night with my sister and brother-in-law and their circle of friends, and met a special woman who was my love for six months, and is still a dear friend 35 years later. The \\"JLS\\" phenomenon was a big part of my 1973-'74 world, and while I have no interest in reading the book again, or seeing the film version again, I am glad I can put on this disc and relax to Mr. Diamond's inspiring songs and tunes.
B00008972S|5.0|[[ASIN:B00008972S West Side Story (Special Edition DVD Collector's Set)]]  This is the story of Tony Montana when he was a small time hoodlum running wild on the streets of NYC.  Tony, after years of knife fighting and ballet dancing, decides to legitimize his illegitimate business by working at Doc's candy store which was really a facility used to launder money.  Tony was trying to save some cash to make the big move down to Florida where he would later become the kingpin of the cocaine trade.  Tony's mother insisted on a well cultured child therefore he was forced at a young age to perform with the New York City Boys and Girls Club Ballet Team.  Basically, a group of future criminals, these fellas would dance the streets at night and swing at the fences during the day.  It was a very bizarre scene but Leonard Bernstein really captured the historical accuracy of the gang.  A group of Spanish ruffians led by Rufio, who later appeared in the movie \\"Hook,\\" started a race war with \\"The Jets\\" (Tony's old click after serving time with the Bloods) and to further complicate the scene enters a barely legal Maria, the young street walking sister of Rufio.  Tony paid for Maria's services at a fair price but because he wasn't included in the act, Rufio felt cheated.  As we know from the film \\"Hook,\\" Rufio was quite skilled with the sword and took out Tony's Capo Riff (played by Russ Tamblyn) in a knife fight which drew Tony back into the gang.  In the end, Tony, a well known history buff, finally realizes that there is no money in fighting the Spanish since the destruction of the 1588 Armada therefore he pays a young pimp named Chino to help him fake his own death in order to escape to Florida where he took up the last name of Montana and became the top cocaine dealer in the world.
B000002MUW|4.0|Fresh from the criticism of the sexually charged \\"Erotica\\" album, Madonna tones it down just a notch and gives her music a heavily R&B influenced album.  I consider this Madonna's smooth album, something nice to sit back and relax to.
031606792X|5.0|Some people are complaining that the book took the easy way out, that we were built up for some big event and then let down. I disagree. Why can't we just be happy with an EASY happy ending sometimes??? Don't we have enough trials and tribulations to deal with in REAL LIFE??? And didn't Edward and Bella go through enough pain just figuring out if the relationship would work? Wasn't that enough sacrifice and worry?  I read the reviews this book got before I bought it and almost didn't want to read the book. I thought it would ruin the story for me. But I bought it and read it and I am glad I did. It was one of the best of the series for me. Give the book a chance.
031606792X|5.0|I have never been much of a reader before the Twilight saga books, they have all been wonderful and I really enjoyed this one a lot. I loved how the book goes over her new life, having a child and just becoming a new person. I think this a great book and wish there were more after this one!
0525478183|5.0|I go through phases of reading books and not having time for them. I picked this book up after listening to John Green read the first section. I sum the book up by saying the book provides a nice balance of humor, and interest while allowing the reader to take an insightful adventure.      I am in my early 30s yet could relate to most aspects of this book such as humor and plot. Highly recommend Paper Towns by John Green.
B00005J6T1|4.0|Madonna kicked off a great music career with this stellar debut album.  A dance record by all means, Madonna introduces herself as a great dance recording artist.  This is definitely one of her best albums.  \\"Lucky Star\\" and \\"Holiday\\" are by far two of the best pop records ever.
0545128285|3.0|The stories in this book are fine wizard folk tales, and the commentary by Dumbledore, entertaining. However, I was disappointed that the deathly hallows symbol that was a key mystery in \\"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows\\" was not portrayed heading the top of the page in this volume. However, as a consolation, it was included on the sorcerer's stone in the chapter heading graphic for The Tale of the Three Brothers and was also featured on the tombstone graphic at the end of that tale.
0545128285|5.0|I agree with the previous reviewer who called The Tales of Beedle the Bard wonderful dessert after the seven course meal that was the Harry Potter Series itself, the book was light and fun but with important life lessons there for those who cared to ponder them. Dumbledore's notes where very true to the character and insightful. It was also far too short, I read it in a little over an hour and longed for more. This latest book as further cemented my vow to buy anything with JKR's name on the cover. She is truely  a wonderful writer.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|Supernatural just keeps getting better and better with each passing season. This year has added a whole new dynamic to the show, and even if the season hasn't ended yet, I just know that the finale will be great. The acting and producing and directing and writing are all first rate! It's the best show on TV that so few people are watching. Can't wait to see more and if you haven't seen any of it, I suggest you watch it.
B000UOGHKS|4.0|Despite the controversy that surrounded this album when it came out back in 1992, this album is clearly one of her best.  Obviously the title (and parental advisory label) reveals that the album is mostly about sex.  Don't be discouraged by that though, the songs are very tastefully done with a smooth R&B background and dance beat.  This album showcases Madonna's \\"dark side\\" without being too gloomy or depressing.
0440238609|1.0|What a waste.  I agree that these books were well written but don't fool yourself - the subtle anti-God message gets stronger as the books progress!  Again, I say, don't be fooled!  If you let your kids read this junk you will be setting them up for spiritual failure...the more you find evil appealing, the more you accept it as normal.  Don't do this to your kids or yourself!  Stay away - run from evil!!!
B000T9OP7G|5.0|Taking place between the second and third installments of the Terminator film franchise, this series follows the lives of azzkickin' Sarah Connor as she tries to keep her young son alive long enough to grow up into the leader of the human rebellion.<br />Though at first I did not like Lena Headly as Sarah...she grew on me, and has proven herself in the roll.  The friendly terminator \\"Cameron\\" played by Summer Gleu is magically babe-0-licious.  The only real detraction for me was The actor who played John, and the way the character was written, but as  the season progressed the Character became less emo and more of what one could imagine John would be.<br />I loved the first season...have watched it several times..and I can't wait for the secound season set.<br />..and just fyi..I have never purchased a television show season set before this one..and this one is worth every cent!
B000B8QEZG|5.0|This album is pure perfection!  From start to finish with no pauses between songs, Madonna has once again proved herself to be the queen of pop music!  This is a dance album by all means which Madonna excels at since she started out as a dance recording artist.  I HIGHLY recommend this album for anyone who wants to hear great music that'll keep ya dancing all the way through!
B000055Y0X|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie. It is a dark satire on the Cold War/nuclear war paranoia the United States had and the whole \\"red scare\\". If you understand that this is a political satire, then you will find this movie hilarious. It is a classic. You can see it referenced or alluded to in many popular movies and books today. Many presidents even saw the movie and have used it as an odd reference point. This is a great addition to anyone's DVD collection but history buffs would especially love it.
B000XA5K48|5.0|I love this mindless actioner.<br />High octane action, clever character writing and an attractive cast keeps you mind off of how little a plot there is but...with this one...it doesn't matter
B00004X01U|4.0|As usual, Madonna does it again by creating another great album.  The songs on this album reflect every music genre from country to dance, contemporary to electronica.  I would consider this her most diverse album, each song has it's own unique sound to it.
6305358613|5.0|Cate Blanchett does an amazing job as Queen Elizabeth. This movie focuses on young Elizabeth, following her unlikely rise to power and her struggle to hold on to her crown. This movie does take some liberties with the truth and plays with the debate of if Elizabeth was really a virgin or not. But the essence of who Princess/Queen Elizabeth was and what it was like for her to fight for her crown is captured in this amazing movie. All the actors did a fantastic job and thi smovie has exceptional replayability. I've watched it numerous times. I highly recommend this for anyone who is a fan of this era or a fan of Cate Blanchett. She does a fantastic job. Completely believable as the young Elizabeth.
B000TGJ80S|5.0|I love the novel Bram Stoker's Dracula.  I have read it more than any other book in my collection, and in fact have a leather bound gold gilded pages version of the classic.<br />FFC does a brilliant job with bringing the written word to life.  Each paragraph in each chapter is brought to stunning reality by this visual masterpiece of a translation.  My favorite aspect of the novel is the voyeuristic feeling the reader gets from reading all of the accounts of the count....Copalla manages to bring the same feeling to the viewer...without being obvious...a brilliant job!
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|The best thing about this album is that Madonna knows how to keep up with the times.  She collaborated with some of the best known artists in the music bizz right now and she did it right.  The flaw with the album is that a lot of other artists have done the same thing with the same producers, so it seems a little redundant.  As always, Madonna is still the queen of pop music and nobody can do music like she can!
B00005J6SZ|2.0|This is my least favorite Madonna album.  Despite the title track and \\"Material Girl\\", the rest of the songs are almost to the point of being annoying.  This album showcases Madonna's limited vocal ability to sing in the high-octave range.  Thank goodness her voice kept maturing throughout her next albums.
B0014DZ2VO|4.0|Picking up where \\"Casino Royale\\" left off, James Bond (Craig) is taking Mr. White back to M (Dench).  White is not giving up the goods on his employer, and when the interrogation goes awry, Bond is tracks down a woman by the name of Camille (Kurulenko), who in turn leads him to Dominic Green (Amalric).  Greene is attempting to control Bolivia's water supply.  His role in Vesper's death puts him in the crosshairs of Bond, who is bent on revenge.  Meanwhile, M has orders to rein Bond in, but that is easier said than done.<br /><br />\\"Quantum\\" has a lot to live up to after \\"Casino Royale\\", almost too much.  And, as such, it falls short.  There is plenty of action, and Craig is once again great as James Bond, but the direction is seriously lacking.  Forster is a good director, but does not know how to film action scenes, and the result is a confusing mess at times.  It is nice to see an actual sequel in the series, especially since \\"Casino Royale\\" set \\"Quantum\\" up so nicely.  Wright reprising his role as Felix Leiter is also a nice touch.  It is clear that the producers wanted to set up a new bad guy organization for Bond to deal with and that is done fairly well.  However, it would have been nice to have some info on them disseminated.  Sure, they are probably waiting for the next Bond film, but they needed to give the audience something.  Not the best Bond, but a solid effort nonetheless.
B00008S2VG|3.0|On this album, it is clear that Madonna knows how to speak her mind whether you like it or not.  Clearly, critics and album sales prove that people did NOT like it.  While most songs have a good dance beat to it, that's about the best part of the album.
0956010903|5.0|This was for my son, and he absolutely loved it!  The leather binding with metal deco was very high quality.  I love that the smaller book comes inside a velvet pouch inside a larger \\"fake\\" book (also with leather binding).  I haven't read the stories, but my adult son did, and he loved them.  I can't say enough good things about this book.  I even liked the warning on the outside package, warning not to open or deliver until December 4th.<br /><br />All in all, if you've got a Harry Potter fan in your house, he/she will love this collector's edition.  I do, however, suggest getting the standard edition for reading (so as to not wear out this high quality collectible).
B000002LGQ|3.0|I recently bought this CD along with her other 80's music.  I had high expectations because \\"Like a Prayer\\" is one of my favorite Madonna songs.  Having said that...only her released singles were the best part of this album.  I do respect the fact that she made this a personal album, but to me it came off as kind of boring.  I now have all of her studio albums, and I would rank this as one of the worst ones.
B00006G8G1|4.0|Finally got around to playing Visions on a new Blu_ray player and there is a cut from this disc in that one as a bonus or whatever.  The sound of the cut from this disc just blew me away and I ordered RiR the next day.  The picture quality is GREAT and the DTS sound track is just wall to wall, 9 on a 10 scale.  Two negatives however, the video editing is nauseating.  The picture does not stay on the screen from one camera for more than just a few seconds at a time.  I think the box says they used 18 cameras and they edited the video switching between them as fast as humanly possible, Bruce's vocals could have been mixed/edited/overdubbed just a little better.  There are a couple of drop outs on the vocals during the show.  Nothing is perfect but this could have easily been fixed in post production.    In summation:  PQ gets 5 stars, video editing 3 stars, Sound FIVE BIG STARS.  The sound from this show will knock you down, run over you, back up and run over you again.  Buy or Die!
B000002NJS|4.0|This is definitely one of Madonna's best albums.  After a four-year hiatus from releasing a studio album and giving birth to her daughter, Madonna comes back with more great music.  This heavily electronica influenced album is a great mixture of upbeat dance tunes and smooth ballads.  Out of all her albums, her voice sounds the best on this one.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|This is a perfect flash when you need to throw more light at the subject.  It is super light that I use primarily as a bounce flash.  You can rotate the flash to 3 positional angles.  This is an excellent buy for people who want a little more than the standard flash, needs to bounce light in order the correctly light the subject or to use when you don't want to carry around a heavier, clunkier light.
B000002L9S|4.0|This is Madonna's pure pop album.  Everything from the upbeat songs to the ballads scream \\"POP\\"!  It clearly has two of her favorite records, \\"La Isla Bonita\\" and \\"Live to Tell\\".  A vast improvement from the previous album, but definitely not one of her best.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|When I first saw The Dark Knight last summer, I couldn't take it all in.  This was one dark, violent, scary, intense and emotionally draining experience.  Obviously I had to see it again to absorb it all.  Such is the nature of Christopher Nolan's follow up to 2005's Batman Begins.  This is no mere comic book/superhero flick.  The film is as layered and complex as it is tense and entertaining.<br /><br />Much of the praise the film has received has been centered around the posthumous performance of Heath Ledger, and rightfully so.  This is Ledger's greatest performance in a career that was cut tragically short.  His portrayal of the Joker is one for the ages.  With his smeared clown makeup, greasy hair and scarred smile, the Joker dominates this film like few other villians have ever done.  Ledger loses himself deep within the skin of this character.  So convincing is his performance that you may find yourself wondering if it really is Ledger giving this performance.  What makes the Joker so memorable is his lack of motive.  With no backstory or psychological profile to give the audience any idea of who he is, he shows up in Gotham and starts wrecking havoc.  His only motivation seems to be the sheer anarchist kick he gets out of his actions.  As Michael Caine's Alfred puts it at one point, he just likes to watch the world burn.  Even more disturbing about the Joker is that he realizes that Batman is his counterpoint, the yin to his yang.  At one point he declares to the Caped Crusader that \\"you complete me\\".  It's funny....for about a second until you realize that the Joker is completely serious.  He needs Batman to challenge him and push him to new levels of depravity.  It's almost as if the Dark Knight is his muse.<br /><br />I could go on and on about the brillance of Ledger's performance, but the movie has a lot more going for it as well.  Nolan's direction is flawless.  He balances explosive action sequences and deeply emotional moments with the greatest of ease.  The screenplay grounds the film in realism and lends it an incredible amount of moral ambiguity and complexity.  The performances are stellar from the entire cast.  Christian Bale actually has the thankless task of keeping the hero from being completely marginalized by the film's fascinating villian, and he does a fine job.  There is also strong work from Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine, Aaron Eckhart, Gary Oldman and Maggie Gylenhall.<br /><br />When it is all said and done, Nolan and company have rewritten the rules for superhero films and Hollywood blockbusters in general.  This film proves that big budget films can be challenging, dark, disturbing and leave the audience with no easy answers.  And they can do this while being amazingly entertaining.  The Joker might have longed to give Gotham a better class of villian, but Christopher Nolan and company have given us a better class of commercial of filmmaking.eenplay grounds the film in realism and lends it an incredible amount of moral ambiguity and complexity.  The performances are stellar from the entire cast.  Christian Bale actually has the thankless task of keeping the hero from being completely marginalized by the film's fascinating villian, and he does a fine job.  There is also strong work from Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine, Aaron Eckhart, Gary Oldman and Maggie Gylenhall.      When it is all said and done, Nolan and company have rewritten the rules for superhero films and Hollywood blockbusters in general.  This film proves that big budget films can be challenging, dark, disturbing and leave the audience with no easy answers.  And they can do this while being amazingly entertaining.  The Joker might have longed to give Gotham a better class of villian, but Christopher Nolan and company have given us a better class of commercial of filmmaking.
B0013ND30M|1.0|I'd love to be able to write a review regarding this product. However, it has been over a month since it was ordered but I have yet to receive it!I gave it one star but I'm sure, as a Disney product, once I actually GET IT, I'd rate it much higher.  I don't believe I will purchase from this dealer in the future.  Thank You
B001EOQWEO|1.0|i love this movie but thise is the 2nd dvd that amazon shipped out to me that sputters and then stops during play!  WTF?!?!?  i thought it could be my dvd but the kung fu panda that i got in the same order plays flawlessly as do all the other movies in my collection.  and ALL THE OTHER DISKS of the 3 dvd set play flawlessly!  all the behind the scenes stuff and whatnot... but the movie keeps sputtering, pixelating into junk and then stopping.    amazon was fantastic and they allowed me to ship it back to them on their dime and did a simultaneous cross ship while my sendback was still sitting in my neighborhood mailbox.    but disney... for all the money they make... for all the years of expertise in making media, you can't even make a freakin' dvd?    and i swear, if this is another example of copy protection screwing up the experience for a paying user they deserve all the grief they get from torrentz and more.... ugh, i will definitely think twice before buying a disney dvd again....    jin
1582701709|5.0|Personally, I loved The Secret and gained tremendously from it. Though it seems almost too easy to be worthwhile, The Secret's lessons are very accurate and under practiced. Just by practicing the mentality described in the book will make you feel more optimistic and grateful. If you're still skeptical, go to a bookstore and read a chapter. You will gain a lot more from reading this book than what you can gan from a novel.
B000VYX8PE|5.0|this book kept me reading and reading it is very imtresting my favorite character is Sunny
B001L5Q5O8|5.0|I'm happy to say Taylor did a great job for her first Christmas album. It sticks to her style, and showcases even more of Taylor's talent. I do wish she had more songs added, but the album gives us a small sample of what Taylor can achieve-and fans should be more than ready to accept it and enjoy it.     Last Christmas- 4.5/5 Why does it not surprise me that she decided to make THIS cover? Anyhow, the song itself it a success-there's nothing really out of the ordinary when it comes to Taylor's rendition of the song, but it's enjoyable to listen to all the same.     Christmases When You Were Mine- 3.5/5 This one's a bit of a problem. The song itself is beautiful (I stick to my theory that Taylor will always be best at acoustic songs), and Taylor's soft vocals match perfectly. Part of me likes the fact that Taylor accepts that Christmas doesn't magically make everything better and people still suffer all the same; but the other part of me just doesn't want to listen to a sad song at Christmastime. And can Taylor stand not writing just ONE song about relationships in an album (especially at Christmastime)?    Santa Baby-4.5/5- A very fun and flirty song, and Taylor puts her whole perky attitude into it. Not to mention, the song works perfectly for county. It makes me smile every time I listen to it.    Silent Night- 5/5- Taylors best song on the whole album, hands down, without a doubt. The song does a great job at starting soft and beautiful, and rising to its grand ending, with bells, guitars, and opposing harmonies in the background. The changes in the note scheme ended up working to her advantage as well. I really wish Taylor incorporated more traditional Christmas carols into her CD, because she did such a wonderful job with this one. Flawless, through and through.    Christmas Must Be Something- 4/5- Taylor delivers a good message about Christmas being too superficial nowadays, and about people forgetting the true meaning of Christmas. She could have done a better job getting the message though without all the Christmas imagery, but it's a fine song for one she wrote herself.    White Christmas 3/10- Too much instrumental and too little singing- and nothing special was added to make up for it. I was never much a fan of this song to begin with, and Taylor doesn't change my mind about it or improve upon it at all. I bet it would be fine for anyone who liked the song, however-but it's not worth a download on its own.
0380730405|4.0|While beautiful, the descriptions are sometimes over the top. I would imagine something one way after reading a bit, then the author would say something that shattered my mental image for absolutely no necessary reason other than being hopelessly verbose. Perhaps this is my own problem, but with so many descriptions I would have to try to figure out what the particular setting was, now.<br /><br />Beyond that, if you are willing to skim and dig for the important points, a rather haunting book at times.
B0011NVC98|3.0|I saw Beowulf at an IMAX theatre in 3D and it was an amazing experience. The CGI and the 3D process was near-perfect and enhanced the film greatly. The DVD is a totally different experience.     The story, based on the epic poem but is not a word-for-word transition to the screen, becomes more of a focus on the DVD since all the visuals are toned down. Purists will have a problem with Beowulf on this level. This action-packed film does not work on the small screen - especially if it is in 2D.
B00003W8NM|1.0|Oh man, oh man, talk about a film that doesn't deserve all the cult like respect it gets, then let's talk about Fight Club.    Misunderstood by practically every mindless drone who, after watching it for the first time, went out and started their own clubs leading to severe, yet hilarious, injuries and other goings ons, what we have here is a violent nosedive by David Fincher who crafted a supreme piece of neo-noir called Seven.    The philosophy of the film is not profound nor deep, nothing penned by the hand of Chuck Palahniuk is capable of this.  I know a guy, whom I respect, who likes Palahniuk but he KNOWS that he's simply literary junk food; not everyone is hopeless, I guess.    Hey, guess what?  Even non-conformists conform to rules, and mob mentality is bad and stuff, because you have total freedom but at what cost and blah blah blah, hey, great, I don't care, tell it to the 250lb meathead.  Losing all hope is freedom; laughable, utterly laughable.    NOT as laughable, though, as the lauding with pride of the negative comments made by critics in the 2 disc edition's pamphlet.    Cute.
B00008BXJG|5.0|Did you know that as of today \\"Back in Black\\" is the 2nd best worldwide selling album of all time behind \\"Thriller\\"? Well, Highway to Hell laid the foundation for that record-breaker with ridiculous solos, steadily increasing beats & the great writing of Malcolm & Bon. Listen loudly...
B0002XNSY0|1.0|There is nothing worse, when it comes to comedy, than blatant satire; YOU CAN'T FIGHT IN HERE, THIS IS THE WAR ROOM.    Wow, hilarious, because it's a room where they talk about wars, where fighting goes on.    Kubrick made a few masterpieces, and a few mediocre films, this is his one complete and total bomb.
B001EOQWF8|5.0|In case you didn't have the good fortune of catching this movie when it was in theaters, it's the story of the last robot left on Earth after the humans fled the planet on a resort spaceship while the planet was being cleaned up by robots like Wall-E that compact trash and incinerate it since we we produced way too much trash for the planet to handle. I don't want to talk too much to the story, particularly because of spoilers (I hate spoiling things, even months after a movie is out), but it's really quite impressive. After watching it again I'm convinced that it's my favorite animated movie of all time. Part of what I love about it is that it doesn't have to compromise by having something for the kids and something for adults to enjoy like a lot of animated movies tend to do, it's just a wonderful experience for everyone. It really is unique, in my opinion, in this way. Even the physical humor really isn't childishly silly, it's clever. I kind of feel like it's a modern-day geek movie on par with [[ASIN:B00005OCMR Tron]] or [[ASIN:B000065U1Q Real Genius]]. Could it be the first one since [[ASIN:B000P0J0AQ The Matrix]]? I think it's the best robot movie ever. Suffice to say, the always stellar folks at Pixar really outdid themselves with this movie. It's fun, beautiful, heart-warming, fascinating, nerdy, and probably much more that I'm forgetting to say here. It's just really one of those rare A+ movies, which is confirmed when 5 months later I'm chomping at the bit to see it again and feel every bit as good about it as I did when I originally saw it.<br /><br />Now let's get into the Blu-ray set here. The visuals are every bit as stunning on Blu-ray as they were in the movie theater. The problem with DVDs was that the quality was always inconsistent between movies. My [[ASIN:B000LXH0AE Stranger Than Fiction]] disc looks almost like 1080i, but not my [[ASIN:B000BUYP4Q Batman Begins]]. Not so with Blu-ray, as far as I can tell. The bigger the screen you have at your disposal the more impressed you're likely to be. I was trying to finish up my laundry as I started the movie but I could not pull my eyes away from the movie because of how jaw-dropping the visuals were. And as if that wasn't enough, the audio is equally impressive. My TV only has simulated surround sound, but it felt pretty real to me. It's funny how a movie with so little dialogue can have such powerful audio through its score and robot noises and such. I can't even imagine how incredible this set will be for those with a true Dolby setup at home.<br /><br />I should really step back for a second and remark at how impressed I am by the all around presentation from Disney. They really know how to brand themselves and their intellectual property. The first thing I encountered was BD Live stuff, and so I gladly went to the Disney site to setup my account and had no troubles at all. I'm 99% sure you could go right past all of this, but I just chose not to because I was excited about BD Live. There was only 4 features available, 2 of which I couldn't use. One was movie chat, where you and other friends with the movie can watch the move at the same time while text chatting. Yes, it will synchronize your movies, so I guess this would be good for cousins in different cities or when dad is on a business trip or something. They made the smart move of only allowing this between trusted friends, not just random strangers. Another one is movie mail, in which you can splice together scenes from the movie to make messages to send to trusted friends, and also add in video of yourself (no idea how, maybe through an EyeToy for PS3 owners?). I did use the movie challenge feature though, where you can join in live trivia challenges with strangers online in 10 minute rounds of 8-15 questions. I could choose from easy or medium, and I chose easy. They were fairly simple questions and what I loved was how it would just be at the bottom of the screen while you watch the movie. So you can pause the movie, open this up, and play while resuming playback. It's actually pretty fun and you get points depending on how fast you answer. The last feature is reward points, which is confusing to me but I think you earn them through the trivia and other stuff on the Disney site and you can redeem them for avatars and other bonus features and stuff, but I think that this is still in the process of being fleshed out more.<br /><br />I liked the BD Live features because I felt like they were easy to get to and integrated well, but the other stuff was even better. First of all, there are 3 ways to watch the movie, or two in addition to just watching the normal movie. One is called Cin-experience, where you get insightful director's commentary in addition to picture-in-picture pop-ups of artwork and (silent) videos of animation from the pre-visualization and design stages of the film. I usually never listen to these commentary tracks, but in a movie with as little dialogue as Wall-E, I gave it a shot and loved it. The artwork really does add a surprising amount to the experience, and I learned a lot of cool random things about the movie, like that it took them over 3 years to put it together (it sounds like they started thinking about it in the late 90s). You could also turn off the artwork from the pop-up menu, which is a standard thing with Blu-ray discs. If you watch the movie normally, you can pop-up stuff from the main menu without having to pause the movie, like choosing a scene via screen shot rather than having to do the guesswork of skipping ahead or backwards on your remote. The other way to watch the movie is kind of like Science Mystery Theater where a group of four people who helped with the film and are generally kind of geeky point out random trivia and scientific inconsistencies and such, with a silhouetted couch occasionally popping up. It really was them on the couch, or else they put an undue amount of effort into animating their arms and hands as they talked. It was a really fun spin on a commentary track and I enjoyed the little of it that I tried out (I will watch the whole movie with it eventually). The only gripe I had with these was that you couldn't just turn them off in the middle of the movie. You could fairly easily stop the movie and go back to the main movie to choose the chapter and then resume playing in normal mode, but it should've been an easy on/off switch. Despite that odd pitfall, it really does help show why Blu-ray really is better than DVD.<br /><br />There's more extras than that, and what's more exciting is that they're pretty much all in high-definition, even the promotional \\"sneak peeks\\"! While I appreciate the throwback to the video cassette Disney movies where they start out with \\"Coming soon to video\\" and all that (they had the same style and everything), I still don't think I like them starting out when you put in the disc the second time. I forgive it because there were a couple of really cool ones that looked gorgeous in HD, including one for the Disney documentary Earth. That's probably going to be in every big box electronics store as a demo once it's out on Blu-ray a year from now. It was simply the most incredible thing I've seen on my TV, including Wall-E. Anyway, there are real extras here, so let me stop teasing you with these psuedo-extras. The Axiom Arcade has 4 8-bit games that look like they would've been on your NES, and I thought that they were nifty, though maybe too advanced for kids not on the tail end of elementary school. There was also an interactive storybook for kids and \\"Trinkets and Treasures\\", which seems like it was animators playing with Wall-E and Eve to do random things, like Wall-E breaking a vacuum (which was one of the early teasers for the film). For the adults there's a documentary that's over an hour long, 3-D fly throughs of the virtual sets, Buy and Large shorts, a short Geek-o-rama featurette, profiles of all the robots in the film, and deleted scenes (spliced together frames to form a rough cut) with video commentary from the director before and after the scenes. There's also the Presto short from when the movie was in theaters and a short called Burn-E, which is a deleted scene that more or less evolved into a short (there's also an option to view it with story boards). I'm probably leaving something out, but you get the idea: there's a lot here. Not counting the 3 possible viewings of the film, there's well over 2 hours of high-definition content here. Disney probably has no intention of douple dipping with this film because this set is packed with stuff. If you enjoyed the film, I highly recommend picking it up.<br /><br />I went into Blu-ray with plenty of skepticism, but I've been pretty impressed so far, especially with Wall-E. It's a great movie that has gotten star treatment on Blu-ray.really fun spin on a commentary track and I enjoyed the little of it that I tried out (I will watch the whole movie with it eventually). The only gripe I had with these was that you couldn't just turn them off in the middle of the movie. You could fairly easily stop the movie and go back to the main movie to choose the chapter and then resume playing in normal mode, but it should've been an easy on/off switch. Despite that odd pitfall, it really does help show why Blu-ray really is better than DVD.    There's more extras than that, and what's more exciting is that they're pretty much all in high-definition, even the promotional \\"sneak peeks\\"! While I appreciate the throwback to the video cassette Disney movies where they start out with \\"Coming soon to video\\" and all that (they had the same style and everything), I still don't think I like them starting out when you put in the disc the second time. I forgive it because there were a couple of really cool ones that looked gorgeous in HD, including one for the Disney documentary Earth. That's probably going to be in every big box electronics store as a demo once it's out on Blu-ray a year from now. It was simply the most incredible thing I've seen on my TV, including Wall-E. Anyway, there are real extras here, so let me stop teasing you with these psuedo-extras. The Axiom Arcade has 4 8-bit games that look like they would've been on your NES, and I thought that they were nifty, though maybe too advanced for kids not on the tail end of elementary school. There was also an interactive storybook for kids and \\"Trinkets and Treasures\\", which seems like it was animators playing with Wall-E and Eve to do random things, like Wall-E breaking a vacuum (which was one of the early teasers for the film). For the adults there's a documentary that's over an hour long, 3-D fly throughs of the virtual sets, Buy and Large shorts, a short Geek-o-rama featurette, profiles of all the robots in the film, and deleted scenes (spliced togetherframes to form a rough cut) with video commentary from the director before and after the scenes. There's also the Presto short from when the movie was in theaters and a short called Burn-E, which is a deleted scene that more or less evolved into a short (there's also an option to view it with story boards). I'm probably leaving something out, but you get the idea: there's a lot here. Not counting the 3 possible viewings of the film, there's well over 2 hours of high-definition content here. Disney probably has no intention of douple dipping with this film because this set is packed with stuff. If you enjoyed the film, I highly recommend picking it up.    I went into Blu-ray with plenty of skepticism, but I've been pretty impressed so far, especially with Wall-E. It's a great movie that has gotten star treatment on Blu-ray.
B0002J4ZWS|1.0|I can't tell you the countless number of lives this film has helped to shape \\"for the better\\", all them folks feeling helpless and all that what not and what have you went and saw this and said \\"hey, I can change my life around.\\"    We were better off without them, but not nearly as better off as we'd be without this dull, stale and horribly convoluted trash.    Remember when films could be both positive and seem to have a heart?  The Shawshank Redemption has nothing at all whatsoever going for it, not even Deakins' cinematography could help save this pile of puke.    It's fluff, it's that simple, so much fluff, in fact, that I think it would have even made Frank Capra sick.    When the film was first released it was basically completely ignored, which Robbins loves to use as a point to compare the film to one of Orson Welles' masterpieces Citizen Kane which got the same treatment, but over the years it has gained a reputation, a new found respect, like the equally undeserving Ridley Scott abomination that is Blade Runner; it should have stayed ignored, plain and simple, let it wither away and rot.      It's # 2 or 3 on the IMDb top 250, a list which in and of itself is a long, unbelievable joke; so, go figure, people are idiots who don't want to think too much when viewing a film; maybe that's why Haggis' Crash got best picture.
B001DPHDCY|4.0|Parents and children can rejoice! It has taken nearly five years to release another full-length adaptation of a Dr. Seuss classic. The wait was worth it! \\"Horton Hears a Who\\" is far better than the wretched live-action films -- [[ASIN:B00006AFF5 Dr. Seuss' How The Grinch Stole Christmas (2000)]] and [[ASIN:B00005JM7T Dr. Seuss' The Cat In The Hat (2003)]].<br /><br />Jim Carrey is the voice of Horton, nearly repaying his debt to children from his earlier performance as the Grinch. Carrey is joined by Steve Carrell as the Mayor of Whoville. The voices talents are entertaining (even Charles Osgood manages to lighten up as the narrator) with the sole exception of Carol Burnett as the Kangaroo. Burnett's voice is scratchy, tired and annoying enough to pull you out of the animated magic when she speaks.<br /><br />Looking at the animated movies released in 2008, Horton Hears a Who is on par with [[ASIN:B001ECQ75A Kung Fu Panda]] - both films are a notch below Pixar's [[ASIN:B0013FSL3E Wall-E]], a notch above \\"Bolt\\" and \\"Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa \\" but solidly ahead of the disastrous [[ASIN:B001F7Q4J8 Space Chimps]]. Of course, the pending release of \\"The Tale of Despereaux\\" could necessitate re-ranking the best animated films of 2008.<br /><br />In summary, this movie is a whimsical, funny story that never loses the spirit of the Dr. Seuss book, [[ASIN:0394800788 Horton Hears a Who]]<br /><br />BTW: If your child wants to watch some more, pick up one of these animated DVDs instead of the live-action adaptations:<br />[[ASIN:B000HA4WDY Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas!]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0009ZE9XA Seuss Celebration (The Grinch Grinches the Cat in the Hat / The Cat in the Hat/ Green Eggs and Ham / The Lorax)]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000YOX3FQ Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who]]
B001GZ6QDS|2.0|WHile everyone goes on and on about this film, I think we should also inspect the DVD: it is crap. No commentary, no behind the scenes (unless you want to know about the bat suit or the batpod or the IMAX feature). I think IMAX must have co produced the DVD because most of the extras are all about the IMAX... big whoop.    Save your money, but the single disc version: you really aren't getting all that more with the double dic version
B001CZVVWS|1.0|The poor Decca engineers cant be musicians,because although the visuals are fine,the sound is dry,the female voices become unappealing.Its my fault  i keep hoping Roberto Alagna will produce a bel canto head voice,he sounds almost baritone like.The rest chorus etc again dry  unappealing,what are they doing,these poor decca engineers.                             J Escott
032147404X|5.0|this will be a book that I carry in my camera bag.  It gives great tips and tells you how to set the camera to \\"get the shots\\".    I am just learning how to shoot with a dslr and this book has been invaluable.      Several others have helped me understand the camera and the theory but this one simply tells you what to do to take better pictures in a step by step way.    Highly recommend.
B001GKJ2E8|5.0|I respectfully disagree. Wanted (2008) is a fantastic coming-of-aga saga, that uses effects, as icing, rather than content. I have a feeling, the prior reviewer, never gave it a chance. McAvoy's narration provide's ample clues. Colorful, comedic, straight to the jugular, Wanted is a lark on steroids. As was the Matrix (1999), they both set a benchmark. Look at how the effects are used: stylized and story-driven. Watch this, then Quantum of Solace (2008), and you can't help, but see a difference.    Phillppe, I believe you need to watch it again. This time, with a open mind. The Incredible Hulk (2008), now that was a \\"category B video game\\". Ask yourself, which film uses effects, and which spews them.    Watch Morgan Freeman, he's acting. Look at his hands, he's commited to the role. Sloane is rich. The type of villainy, we don't get anymore. Only Heath and Jeff Bridges, best him.    Wanted is a film, that will improve in time. As the present goes, people will come to it. It's the next \\"Rocky Horror\\". In ten years, many will love it. \\"Mark my words\\"    Time will tell.
1582406634|5.0|[[VIDEOID:29507491]]The cover for the book might be misleading. It shows fine art painting but in fact Women is collection of black and white line art drawings and sketches on women. It's a paperback book with glossy paper.<br /><br />Most of the women are illustrated in different fantasy world settings. Since Frank Cho (wiki) is the creator of Liberty Meadows, there are a few drawings on Brandy as well.<br /><br />There are no captions so it's just art all the way.<br /><br />For the price, it's quite worth it.<br /><br />(More pictures are available on my blog. Just visit my Amazon profile for the link.)
1400031567|4.0|This was my first Mankell novel and I hope it won't be the last. It's exciting and well written. Although the identity of the killer becomes obvious early on, this doesn't dampen the suspense at all.
B001C08RHA|3.0|Given all the praise and excitement surrounding The Dark Knight, the superhero movie Iron Man released just a few weeks earlier was somewhat overshadowed. However, reviews of Iron Man were almost universally positive at the time, so I was looking forward to sitting down and enjoying the movie.    The resurgent Robert Downey Jr. plays Tony Stark, a hyper-rich genius engineer and unstoppable womaniser who builds extremely lethal weapons for the US military. His latest invention is a massive multi-warhead variation on the 'bunker-buster' missile, one that is meant to level entire Afghan mountain ranges. Stark is kidnapped by stereotypical Afghan terrorists during a demonstration of his new weapon and forced to build them some newer and more lethal versions of the same weapon. Stark is aided in his work by a gentle local educated Afghan man who is brought in as a translator but in the space of about ten minutes has convinced Stark that making massive destructive weapons isn't good for his soul and he needs to change. Stark, despite being under constant 24-hour video surveillance, is able to build a massive robot suit armed with flamethrowers and a jetpack instead of the promised missile, and is able to effect an escape, although sadly not to the theme tune from The A-Team.    Having checked that I hadn't made an error and picked up a copy of a comedy movie by accident, I continued watching in mounting disbelief as Stark returns to the USA as a new, more moral man, deeply changed by his horrifying experiences in the Afghan mountains. The newer, more caring Stark decides to build a more uber version of his metal suit so he can personally go off and slaughter the terrorists with rocket launchers and flamethrowers. Of course, hijinks ensue and the story ends in a series of massive explosions. Who would have thought?    Iron Man is a deeply stupid movie with plot holes and logical flaws so vast they render the story almost nonsensical in places. However, the movie remains brainlessly entertaining thanks to the almost single-handed efforts of Robert Downey Jr., who was clearly enjoying himself far too much making this hokum. His portrayal of Stark works excellently, despite the highly dubious writing, and I suspect his best moments were all ad-libbed. Suffice to say, without its star working above and beyond the call of duty, this movie would be a total failure. Gwyneth Paltrow stands around being, well, Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeff Bridges manfully deals with a curious baldness-beard combination. There's also a lot of guff about a new energy source Stark spontaneously created in his Afghan cave that dozens of the finest scientists in the world cannot replicate in their state-of-the-art labs, but none of it really matters.    Iron Man (***) is quite possibly the most sloppily-written film I've seen since Pearl Harbour, but it's also a lot of fun, as long as you strictly remember to put your brain in neutral before watching it.
B000NW681A|2.0|In an entry elsewhere in this space I noted my early youth allegiance to The Rolling Stones with the following remarks:<br /><br />\\"I am not sure exactly when I first hear a Stones song although it was probably \\"Satisfaction\\". However, what really hooked me on them was when I hear them cover the old Willie Dixon blues classic \\"The Red Rooster\\". If you will recall that song was banned, at first, from the radio stations of Boston. Later, I think, and someone can maybe help me out on this, WMEX broke the ban and played it. And no, the song was not about the doings of our barnyard friends. But, beyond that it was the fact that it was banned that made me, and perhaps you, want to hear it at any cost....<br /><br />That event began my long love affair with the blues. And that is probably why, although American blues also influenced the Beatles, it is the Stones that I favor. Their cover still holds up, by the way. Not as good, as I found out later, as the legendary Howlin' Wolf's version but good. I have also thought about The Stones influence recently as I have thought about the long ago past of my youth. Compare some works like John Lennon's \\"Working Class Hero\\" and The Stones' \\"Street Fighting Man\\" (yes, I know these are later works) and I believe that you will find that something in the way The Stones' presented that angry, defiant sound appealed to my working class alienation.\\"<br /><br />Thus when I recently re-watched this Stones-based documentary, self-styled politcal manifesto and new wave film by one of the cultural hero-directors of the 1960's I expected to get excited over its presentation as the first time I saw it. Well, here is the \\"skinny\\". I still love The Stones' song \\"Sympathy For The Devil\\" the production of which forms the core of this film. I do not, however, need to see the creation of this musical rock and roll gem over the course of an hour and one-half interspersed with one thousand and one of Godard's pre-occupations of the day from Marxism to pornography to racism to Black Nationalist politics.  In out youths we accepted anything that was new, different and haphazard as pure as the driven snow. Forty years later this reviewer may be a more little jaded but certainly less self-indulgent, as Godard should have been in directing this film. Some things from the 1960's age very well like the commitment to \\"seek a newer world\\". Others are best left in the archives.cism to Black Nationalist politics.  In out youths we accepted anything that was new, different and haphazard as pure as the driven snow. Forty years later this reviewer may be a more little jaded but certainly less self-indulgent, as Godard should have been in directing this film. Some things from the 1960's age very well like the commitment to \\"seek a newer world\\". Others are best left in the archives.
031606792X|3.0|I'm not quite finished with the book, yet, but know enough to write my review.  Without actually reaching the end of the book, it sounds like the series will end up concluding with a happy ending for all (and other reviews I've read here corroborate that idea).  I'm all for the happy endings, and would have been displeased if any of the characters I've come to love actually died; however......however....it seems that Breaking Dawn struggled to develop that sense of realism that the first 3 books had.  This final installment felt \\"forced\\".  In my mind, I saw the author backed into a corner with the plot, and rather than rework the story so that it developed better and more smoothly, she forced a plot development that just didn't seem real.  One example of this is when Jacob tells Bella's father that Bella is okay and then changes into a werewolf in front of him.  When Charlie shows up at the Cullens' house, it's obvious that Bella's different and that Renesmee is Bella's daughter, despite that she's only been married - what?  A month?  Rather than freak out over this and insist on answers (like any normal person would do), Charlie's attention is diverted by a football game, and he plops down to watch it like nothing's wrong.  The only explanation for his behavior is \\"need to know.\\"  Charlie puts himself on a \\"need to know\\" basis.  That whole scene just didn't sit well with me and it was glaringly obvious from my perspective that the author felt the need to tie up Charlie's loose end with a pretty little bow.      I also felt like there was a LOT going on in this book.  That's not so bad, but here toward the end, I'm wondering \\"what's the point?\\"  Is the story that Bella and Edward finally got married?  Or is it that they had a baby that could have killed her?  Or is it that Jacob has his own pack now and needs to imprint on someone other than Bella?  Or is it something else.  I think one of those areas should have been the dominant storyline, with the others revolving around it.  Instead, each storyline is dominant so that as you get close to the end, as I am, you wonder where the tension is supposed to be from a reader's point of view.     I also agree that there are several chapters that could have been deleted completely...or at least summarized down into just one.  Way too much was made of Jacob's separation from the pack into his own.  Way too much detail was given to Leah's reasons for siding with Jacob.  I trudged through it, reading more of the same (it seemed that the same thoughts got repeated over and over, only in different words), hoping that at any moment we'd get back to the action and move the story along.      One other thing that bothered me was Bella's pregnancy.  The details surrounding her pregnancy and the birth made me physically uncomfortable.  I had to put the book down because I became squeamish, and I've got a pretty good tolerance for gore.  But, as one of the chapters was titled, \\"too much information\\".      With all that said, I enjoyed reading about Bella's newfound strength and her world of self-discovery after becoming a vampire.  And, I'll admit, I laughed out loud several times.  The author is very good with character dialog (both inner dialog and vocalized).  The blonde jokes, Edward's snappy comebacks when he read someone's mind, and some of Bella's inner dialog and Emmett's razzing had me laughing out loud.  That's not something I'm used to doing with a book, so kudos there!!!    So, I'm looking forward to the last few chapters of this book.  It's easier to put this one down than the other three, but a must-read for the fans and worthy of a 3-star rating.  I'm concerned with how they will make this into a movie, too, but I'm sure Hollywood will doll it up.  I bet the movie script will deviate the most from this book than it does from the other three...because there's not enough \\"drama\\".
B000VBP382|5.0|My wife originally found this set at Best Buy a month back with a price tag of over $40! I was excited to find it on Amazon for under $20 SHIPPED! Since then the price has seemed to rise, I'm sure due to being closer to Christmas.    In any case, I highly recommended this product as a great gift!
1595141715|3.0|The premise of this novel was really intriguing. Basically, the story revolves around a young woman who decides to kill herself and the tapes she records detailing the thirteen reasons behind her decision. One of the young men named on the tapes then spends one long night listening to them and trying to understand. My main problem was that the author seems to have an interesting idea that he just was not sure how to make a novel out of. The book seems to be building to some climax, some seminal event that is hastily glossed over when it finally does arrive. I wish that the author had allowed the main character a little more space to describe what seems to have been the climactic event instead of quickly rushing on to the next tape.
817224164X|5.0|Wanting to cash in on the success of Aquaman, Adolph moves to Hollywood and shacks up with Vinnie, Drama, E and Turtle as they try to get their friend from Munich in the movies.  All is honkey dory until Ari finds out that Vinnie and the boys are harboring the man who tried to wipe the Jewish faith off the face of the earth.    Pretty soon Vince is on the verge of being blacklisted until Lloyd hatches a plan to get Vinnie and the Fuhrer back in Hollywood's good graces.  Guess you know what that includes.
B000YAA68C|4.0|I just watched this \\"On Demand,\\" and was very pleasantly surprised! I'd seen the DVD box in stores for months, and was never moved to rent it; little did I know that I'd end up thinking it was one of the best romantic movies I'd seen in years. I'm a guy who doesn't immediately label a good love story a \\"chick flick\\" - ANY kind of movie that is driven by character and plot can hold my interest, and the best ones prompt me to write songs. I just finished one, because certain things about \\"P.S. I Love You\\" made me think of my own life.      P.S - I've never seen Hilary Swank look so gorgeous.
B0014DZ2VO|2.0|Daniel  Craig's sophomore outing as 007 is a big quantum of disappointment.  After the stellar achievement of \\"Casino Royale\\", and keeping us breathlessly waiting for two years to see what Bond would concoct as revenge for the death of his beloved Vesper, scriptwriters Paul Haggis, Neil Purvis & Robert Wade along with director Marc Forster offload this stinkbomb of mediocrity on an unsuspecting public.   Forget the action sequences, set pieces, locations or babes--the only thing truly spectacular about this installment is just how far it fails to live up to its predecessor.  If the 2  hour \\"Casino Royale\\" felt like at least two movies in one, this one, at a scant 106 minutes feels like less than half a movie.   With little exposition, character development, motivation or dialogue, there is barely anything constituting a script--one wonders why it took three guys to put together what is essentially a collection of explosions and overly cutesy title cards.   The requisite array of foreign locations is present, but almost without exception they lack any sort of visual appeal.  Never has so much money been spent to so little pleasing effect.    Daniel Craig is not provided with much of an opportunity to display his nuanced acting chops this time around,  but he proves himself a committed and fearless performer even with lackluster material and one of the most impressive human specimens on the planet.  He once again dons the impeccably tailored tuxedo (this time Tom Ford rather than Brioni), and inhabits a penguin suit like no one else, even when (perhaps especially when) covered in blood.   A breathless and destructive car chase down a twisty Italian mountainside opens the film, followed by a stunning sequence reminiscent of scenes from `The Bourne Ultimatum' and `Lara Croft Tomb Raider' as well as `Casino Royale' all in one as Bond chases a traitorous MI6 agent around a construction site at an empty house, demolishing everything in the process.  It all goes downhillfrom there, hobbled by a villian so weak and pointless he makes Mads Mikkelsen's Le Chiffre look positively Shakespearean, and the two most forgettable Bond girls ever.  English model Gemma Altherton as MI6 agent Fields is pretty in an insipid way but has a voice like Minnie Mouse and is so tangential to the plot that Bond beds her without even getting her first name.  This may qualify her for the \\"Easiest Bond Girl Ever\\" award.   Seeing as Vesper has been dead for all of a week, this is cold even by his standards.  Ukrainian model Olga Kurelynko has more screen time as Camille, a mysterious girl of intederminate heritage who has a vendetta dovetailing with Bond's, and she is very lovely, though inexplicably styled to look like Sophia Loren circa Houseboat.  After the incomparable Eva Green as Vesper Lynd we may as well get used to the fact that all of her successors will inevitably suffer by comparison.  Even so, these two achieve zero chemistry with Craig, even when he is half-dressed.  The only chemistry comes courtesy of Craig's scenes with Judi Dench's ascerbic M.   The next film could consist entirely of a three martini lunch between Bond and M. and we would watch, mesmerized.  What a shame they didn't make that film this time.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|\\"Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog\\" was the best, and laugh out loud funny, direct to web production I have ever seen. We have been waiting for the DVD release as my wife and I must have watched this over a dozen or so time times on the web before they took it down.<br /><br />We follow the somewhat evil Dr. Horrible in his quest to join the Evil League of Evil and impress \\"Bad Horse\\" (The Thoroughbred of Sin) by pulling off a truly evil crime. His efforts are complicated by a love interest (a do gooder no less), and the insensitive Captain Hammer.<br /><br />The blogging and singing are perfectly integrated into the story, and many of the songs really stick in your head.<br /><br />Joss Whedon's vision paid off in the following the \\"movie\\" has gained, but the real credit goes to the outstanding production and perfect performances from Neil Patrick Harris, Felicia Day, and Nathan Fillion.<br /><br />Highly recommended!<br /><br />CFH
0810993139|5.0|This is just the funniest book ever!  I was laughing so hard my sides hurt!  I am an adult who teaches middle school children and I couldn't have found this book any funnier than if I was 12 years old.  Poor Greg with brothers like Rodrick and Manny and friends like Rowley, I'm not sure how he survives.  Surrounded in school by a bunch of morons and not an intelligent face in sight.  How had he ever gotten so far?  You've gotta love this book.  I read it during silent reading and all the kids were gathered around me as I showed them the jokes.  After I put the book down, everyone else wanted to borrow it.
0380789035|5.0|In American Gods, Neil Gaiman produces a stunning journey into the mind of America.The main plot is about a struggle between characters from mythology  for the beliefs of American and its people. Even though these gods are supposedly imaginary, Gaiman treats them as if they were every bit real as Shadow, a seemingly ordinary man going through bad luck, and the main protagonist of the novel.With layers of meanings and symbolism,this story is extremely deep and meaningful,with many second meanings. But, along with deep sections, Gaiman also writes humorous,everyday scenes that makes the story easy to relate to.By showing a fantastical and creative side of the United States, he creates a story that is radically different and fascinating to read.
B0016Q2D5M|5.0|We rented this for family night at our house. i wasnt too sure which way it would go. Another cheesy kid movie or one that my child couldnt watch. we were all glued to the tv, laughing and having a great time.<br />I was really surprised I liked it. But two thumbs up for a great family film!!
B001DJ7PN2|3.0|More has been written on this historical event than any other in history and I'll add a couple worthless lines of my own (if for no other reason than for some reason I decided to write up a bunch of reviews for spy/ conspiracy flicks on Amazon). I have virtually no interest in JFK or who killed him or why. The president that exists in popular imagination and media is largely a fabrication. The very fact Kennedy's brief time in the White House came to labeled \\"Camelot\\" perfectly illustrates mankind's tragic susceptibility to propaganda and favoring of myth over mere facts and empirical evidence. Always look at the voting record. Always look at the record. First thing to say is this is a movie. People always are saying, \\"It's just a movie\\" and of course often times because somebody they're responding to at least in their judgement is taking things too seriously. Well, I'd venture to say that this is indeed a great and in some ways brilliant movie, especially the editing. JFK is a classic crime mystery and political thriller. 4.5 Stars for the movie. However, Oliver Stone's JFK is not a subsitute for reading some of the many books--some of which aren't crazy at all--on this event. Oliver Stone wanted his film to challenge the official story, particularly the Warren Commission Report which he simply regards \\"a great myth\\". Stone took it upon himself to fight this myth, \\"And in order to fight a myth, maybe you have to create another one, a countermyth\\". Keep this in mind when considering the movie.<br /><br />For my part I think Oswald did it and probably acted alone with nobody else involved in planning and carrying out the hit. A case hasn't been made to really convict any other individual or group even if there have indeed been many doubts and suspicions cast, most of which are unreasonable. But what if \\"X\\" individual or group was involved? What of it now? Without getting into the byzantine labyrinth of JFK assassination conspiracy theories I'd just briefly mention that as far as the bigger ones go in which fairly large numbers of people are involved--sometimes from different governmental agencies and other groups--these are mostly discredited by the fact that their isn't more proof of them and at this late date no death bed confessions.<br /><br />And here we are as I add my 2 cents and people are still obsessing over this assassination. If you want to know what you can do for your country I would at least guess Kennedy would be of the opinion that you'd serve the common good by focusing on the many problems at hand, in the world now, geting involved with others doing work--taking action--to make America a great nation and in doing this you would best serve the idealism that JFK came to symbolize. That's how you fight the forces of darkness. Besides you don't ask what the government can do for you because it doesn't care about doing any good for most citizens--you join with other citizens to force the government to live up to its promise. The president isn't who you place your hopes and dreams in for the country.ar as the bigger ones go in which fairly large numbers of people are involved--sometimes from different governmental agencies and other groups--these are mostly discredited by the fact that their isn't more proof of them and at this late date no death bed confessions.     And here we are as I add my 2 cents and people are still obsessing over this assassination. If you want to know what you can do for your country I would at least guess Kennedy would be of the opinion that you'd serve the common good by focusing on the many problems at hand, in the world now, geting involved with others doing work--taking action--to make America a great nation and in doing this you would best serve the idealism that JFK came to symbolize. That's how you fight the forces of darkness. Besides you don't ask what the government can do for you because it doesn't care about doing any good for most citizens--you join with other citizens to force the government to live up to its promise. The president isn't who you place your hopes and dreams in for the country.
B000KX0IOK|1.0|This was a weird, weird movie.... At the end my husband and I looked at each other and said, \\"that was so weird, what was that about?\\"  As a teacher, I noticed that his role in the movie as a teacher was completely unrealistic and misleading. Two thumbs down!
B001IAOEXU|5.0|This is a pretty good product. If you are constantly holding down R2 or L2  than i recommend buying these.   But if you rarely use them then I wouldnt get them. They are made of the exact same plastic as the controllers buttons and   install is easy. Another thing i noticed is that you cant put your finger at   the end of the button(which was where i was comfortable.) but it its not a   turn off, just a little adjustment. Overall a great product.
B00092ZAO0|4.0|Donald the Big Mac is great, Heinz Zednik is obviously a genius, the Rhein-nymphs and lesser gods are all fine.  The only real flaw in the cast is Fritz Hubner as Fafner  (although Freija while buxom is not pretty).  But the ones I really watch it over and over again for are Helmut Pampusch as Mime, young Matti Salminen as Fasolt (one of his best performances available, rivalling his Hagen under Levine), and most of all Hermann Becht as Alberich.  The latter acts uniquely well, sings with power, and sounds incredibly ugly.  His body-language as he puts the curse on the ring is really something; he looks (and sounds) like someone who has just had an extremity hacked off or been stabbed through the eye--surprised and disoriented, trying to figure out how to interpret the pain, whether to change position or stay still.  His whole performance gets the pathetic-but-menacing thing very well--the only comparable portrayal of this kind of character I can think of right now is Byron James as Leon the replicant in BLADE RUNNER.  Even as he's gauging Harrison Ford's eyes out with his fingers, you feel sorry for him because he's so ugly.  OK, also Robert DiNiro as Lewis in JACKIE BROWN.<br /><br />Other very good acting includes Anna Reynolds' whole performance as Fricka and Loge's and Wotan's expressions of disgust as Mime and the crowd of silent Nibelungs cluster around them, pawing and grabbing their clothes.<br /><br />Sure the \\"industrial revolution\\" sets and costumes were controversial but they're tame compared to some of the goofery we see these days.  The only problem I have with it is that the giants' costumes are silly--the singers stand on platforms carried around by people underneath.  The giants are supposed to lumber, lurching from leg to leg.  It might have been ok if the director had made them walk more slowly.
B001G7SS96|3.0|Note, the packaging and extra included here are tip-top. Please be aware however, that the Digital Copy is for Windows MEDIA PLAYER ONLY - there is NO ITUNES digital copy available.
B0011HF6GE|3.0|This album has two absolutely amazing songs on it.  I'm talking about \\"Blindsided\\" and \\"Re: Stacks\\" . . . these are mesmerizing and make the whole album worth the purchase price.  The later sounds a bit like Sun Kil Moon in its slowly unfolding pathos; the former is delicious in how it takes its time and creates an amazing mood.    Unfortunately, the rest of the songs on the album really have a different style and spirit to them and some of them come off as a bit too avant garde.  \\"Sparse\\" is good, but there has to be an evocative theme in order to justify so much minimalism and repetitiveness.  I found myself straining to find a way to let the singer's falsetto style carry an entire album.  The singer admittedly creates a novel vibe, and at time the arrangements and harmonies evoke a more subtle version of Joseph Arthur.  After sustained listening, however, I haven't been able to get into any of these other songs.  I would definitely be interested to see the live version of this music; I'm open to the chance that the energy of the live performance could lend new possibilities to the tracks that didn't grab me here.    I'm glad I checked out this album and there's definitely something interesting going on here.  As a whole, you may be able to appreciate it more than I did.
B001J53X9U|5.0|This is just some information regarding the Bat Pod. Please be aware, the Bat Pod and the display stand are 100% plastic. The Bat Pod is also not removable.<br /><br />In my opinion, they are not worth the extra money.<br /><br />Get the film, but don't splurge on this plastic toy.
014144116X|4.0|Set in the British colonial outpost of Chandrapore, this novel begins slowly ,examining the complex relationship between the British community and the native Indian population. The underlying arrogance and prejudice of the club membership Brits is established early on through the eyes of two newly arrived women who are insistent on seeing the \\"real\\" India. They have stepped into a situation that they don't quite understand and the delicate balance of the community is nearly shattered by events which occur during an innocent enough day trip to a nearby attraction.<br /><br />Forster's book is a serious fictional account of how people of different backgrounds can live in close proximity but still have little understanding of each other  when the cultural divide is kept intentionally wide.  One of the better novels I've read on the subject of  British Imperialism.
B00000IU6X|5.0|If you do anything besides build a simple circle you will find you need these. We bought two sets of these because of the two innies and two outties pieces. We needed more of those types of pieces. They are absolute musts for any family who enjoys building elaborate train tracks.<br /><br />These are sturdy well made and have been strong enough to hold up through countless set ups, tear downs and hours of play.<br /><br />Well worth the money.<br />Enjoy.
B001G9LVGG|5.0|No one can weave magic into a song like Loreena McKennitt. Her newest gift to her fans, \\"A Midwinter Night's Dream,\\" was recorded in England, near Bath...and the Old English countryside can be heard through her lyrical musings. The album is a blend of eight new songs, and a re-mastering of five beloved songs from Loreena's 1995, \\"Winter Garden\\" album.<br /><br />The opening song, \\"The Holy and the Ivy,\\" (the song dates back nearly a thousand years), sets the stage of the album's ability to blend Christian and pagan celebrations together in perfect unity. The song provides imagery of symbolic evergreens growing in the dead of winter, giving hope to a new year. As does Loreena's music.<br /><br />The winter holiday season is often a time of dreariness and depression, as we angst over what gifts to give, often becoming over-occupied by the negative. It is also, for many, a time of isolation, as the snow and ice accumulates. \\"A Midwinter Night's Dream,\\" washes away the winter doldrums...and Loreena's thoughtful music selections, and her voice's mystical qualities, remind the listener to stop and reflect on the peace and joy within their own world.<br /><br />Throughout the album, the intermixing of Old-world Celtic vocals blended with both Celtic and Middle Eastern arrangements, made me suspect that time-travelers were involved in the  ancient classical songs' creations, as each song was composed as if were written specially for Loreena. I was especially pleased that one of my all-time favorites, \\"Snow\\" was featured on the song list (it is also on \\"To Drive The Cold Winter Away\\" and \\"Winter Garden\\"). I never tire of that song, from the opening cords I am swept away to another realm.<br /><br />Among my other favorite tracks: \\"Seeds of Love (also on \\"Winter Garden\\"), and \\"Gloucestershire Wassail\\"...the first notes on that track always make me smile. It is wonderfully fun, and evokes visions of good friends, good ale, and good times!<br /><br />Although \\"A Midwinter Night's Dream,\\" is a collection of Christmas songs, it is truly a celebration of the Winter Solstice. With a timeless quality that will make you want to listen to the CD all year round. A must have for anyone who loves music that enchants the imagination and warms the heart and soul.<br /><br />Dee Mariesongs, it is truly a celebration of the Winter Solstice. With a timeless quality that will make you want to listen to the CD all year round. A must have for anyone who loves music that enchants the imagination and warms the heart and soul.    Dee Marie
0452289963|5.0|Having recently finished The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins, which I found refreshing, Tolle's book was also revitalizing. These two books are not mutually exclusive as the subject matter would suggest.  I still consider myself an atheist in the conventional sense, yet I know there is a larger dimension to spacetime then what we see and experience on a daily level.  That is all Tolle is trying to say; and he does a good job at it, better than most contemporary authors. Older readers of these subjects might recall Alan Watts who had a similar message and an eloquence of delivery.  Each person is entitled to their opinion and judgement, which is what these reviews are.  No one is absolutely correct except to themselves.  But I would highly recommend this book to anyone who questions their own certainty about life.  Those who feel quite certain they understand all about life and themselves will not appreciate it....in fact they will dislike it.  But that's my opinion.
B000NTPDSW|4.0|This review is only for the Blu-Ray version. While The Godfather (which this review is chiefly concerned with) remains a towering achievement, with stunning consistencies of tone, a gripping narrative, and the sophisticated character arc of Michael Corleone, I wish I could say the Blu-Ray version tops everything. It doesn't. While colors are exceptionally rich and all scenes in the darkness of the Godfather's meeting rooms are finally truly viewable for the first time, you won't see a magical transformation to hi-def loveliness from the original film stock. Nothing can be done, for example, with the outdoor scenes, particularly the wedding and the scenes in L.A. I would recommend getting the Restoration DVDs instead and running them on a good upconverting player. I feel that the Blu-Ray version gilds the lily and doesn't add any value to what is already a masterpiece and one of the ten greatest films of all time. (Strangely enough, I half expected Tony Soprano to appear in the Five Families scenes! It just goes to show how seminal this movie really is.)
B00005U2JL|3.0|I can honestly say that I am not a big fan of Marilyn Manson's music but I do support his First Amendment right to speak as he pleases. With the said the Guns, God and Government World Tour of 1999-2001 was one of the controversial artists defining moments.    The video was filmed all over the world so that we never get an actual show but a collage of several shows from all over the tour. I'm not a big fan of concert films that are put together this way but everyone can make their own decision on the merits of this approach.    The film features 17 of Manson's songs including powerful versions of such classics as Disposable Teens, Beautiful People, The Dope Show, Sweet Dreams and Lunchbox. The band with the addition of new guitarist John 5 plays the music quite well.    The disc features the concert and a 30 minute behind the scenes feature called THe Death Parade.
B001GCWRI4|4.0|Stereophonics have been churning out albums (and singles) pretty much like clockwork since their 1997 debut album: every 2 years fans get a new album, and after 6 studio albums (and one live album), the band finally gets the \\"greatest hits\\" treatment.<br /><br />This is the deluxe version of \\"Decade In the Sun: Best of Stereophonics\\" (2CDs; 40 tracks; 158 min.). CD1 (20 tracks; 79 min.) brings the proper greatest hits of the band, and rightfully, this compilation focuses on the first 3 studio albums. The very promising 1997' debut \\"Word Gets Around\\" has 4 tracks on here (Local Boy in a Photograph; Thousand Trees; Traffic; More Life in a Tramps Vest). The band's best album ever, 1999's \\"Performance & Cocktails\\" also gets 4 tracks (Bartender and the Thief; Just Looking; Pick a Part that's New; I Wouldn't Belief Your Radio). And 2001's \\"Just Enough Education to Perform\\" also gets 4 tracks (Have a Nice Day; Mr. Writer; Step On My Old Size Nines; Vegas Two Times), plus this includes the non-album single from the same sessions, the Rod Stewart-cover  \\"Handbags and Gladrags\\". The rest of CD1 is filled out by singles from the last 3 albums, with the 2005 \\"Language\\" album getting 3 tracks (including \\"Dakota\\", the band's biggest UK charting single ever). There are also 2 new tracks, the so-so \\"My My Own Worst Enemy\\" and the much better \\"You're My Star\\".<br /><br />CD2 (20 tracks; 79 min.) brings a much greater hotch-potch, which I suppose is geared towards the more rabbit Stereophonics fan. \\"2003's so-so \\"You Gotta Go There To Come Back\\" gets a generous 4 tracks (it only got 1 track on CD1). 2007's \\"Pull the Pin\\", which also got only 1 track on CD1, gets 3 more (including the excellent Bank Holiday Monday). Rightly, the first 2 albums each get another 3 tracks. But the best of CD2 are the harder-to-find tracks like \\"Momma Told Me Not To Come Over\\" (recorded for/with Tom Jones for his \\"Reload\\" album), the excellent \\"Carrot Cake and Wine\\" (B-side of  the \\"Thousand Trees\\" single, also featured on the 2006 \\"Live From Dakota\\" album), \\"Raymond's Shop\\" (B-side to the \\"More Life in an Tramp's Vest\\" single), and \\"First Time I Ever Saw Your Face\\" (the Roberts Flack cover, B-side to the \\"Handbags and Gladrads\\" single), and the 2004 non-album single \\"Moviestar\\". Despite the generous running time, several tracks are nevertheless missing, such as the 2000 non-album single \\"Clich&eacute;s Are True\\".<br /><br />In all, this is a very generous serving of Stereophonics. I don't like the sequencing of the tracks, to be honest. There is no rhyme or reason to it. Certainly for CD1, a chronological sequencing would have served the listening experience better. As to this 2CD \\"deluxe\\" version, it presents the same issue as the Radiohead \\"greatest hits\\" deluxe version: the casual fan will only want the single CD compilation, and the die-hard fan will have all of this already anyway, making me wonder for whom this is intended?ed on the 2006 \\"Live From Dakota\\" album), \\"Raymond's Shop\\" (B-side to the \\"More Life in an Tramp's Vest\\" single), and \\"First Time I Ever Saw Your Face\\" (the Roberts Flack cover, B-side to the \\"Handbags and Gladrads\\" single), and the 2004 non-album single \\"Moviestar\\". Despite the generous running time, several tracks are nevertheless missing, such as the 2000 non-album single \\"Clichs Are True\\".     In all, this is a very generous serving of Stereophonics. I don't like the sequencing of the tracks, to be honest. There is no rhyme or reason to it. Certainly for CD1, a chronological sequencing would have served the listening experience better. As to this 2CD \\"deluxe\\" version, it presents the same issue as the Radiohead \\"greatest hits\\" deluxe version: the casual fan will only want the single CD compilation, and the die-hard fan will have all of this already anyway, making me wonder for whom this is intended?
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|What has been said about the Dark Knight cannot be elaborated on - so I won't. The film is muscling its way into my #1 favorite comic movie adaptation of all time.<br /><br />The reason for my review is in hopes of saving you some money. This double disc Special Edition doesn't deliver the price you pay for it. There isn't even deleted scenes!!! I would save your very hard earned dollars and buy the single disc version and wait for the inevitable ULTIMATE re-release that will come later on down the road.<br /><br />But nonetheless, a great film - you will not be dissapointed; I just wish the studio would have given a better Special Edition release than what we have here. So enjoy!
B000B5XOY8|5.0|Although this was't precisely the beginning of the revival of comic book heroes as hi-budget color movies, it was certainly one of the mos famous and successful of the transformations.  Tim Burton, by casting Jack Nicholson, Kim Basinger and Michael Keaton assured at least big headlines for his provocative cast.  It was a signal that Button, the arch-eccentric director, intended to do something worthy of notice with this new film.  And indeed he did.<br /><br />The supporting cast was excellent: Billy Dee Williams, and Jack Palance were sensational, each in his own way, and Palance more even than Pat Hingle, captured the public imagination with his characterization.<br /><br />Myself, I'm impressed mostly by the unique and effective music by Prince, one of yhe most innovative of POP artists.  The stuff made for this movie particularly, was outstanding.  And, in addition to that, the art design -- of the sets and of the ariel floats -- was brash, sensational and thrilling, like cheap candy.  The idea of gassing an entire city by means of festive baloons is a high point in demenedness.<br /><br />The sight jokes and the staging of them is wonderful.  Basinger is exquisite and the perfect foil for the JOKER\\"S perverse, monomonical lust.<br /><br />In short, while keeping most of the elemens of the original Detective Comics creation -- the demented, sadistic arch-villain; the beautiful, helpless girl; the bumbling, well-meaning police force; the blithering and spooked population of corrupt Gotham, and above off the appearances and disappearances of the caped crusader -- this version of the BATMAN myth, combines with the 1943 Serial, to offer the careful observer of the changes in American POP culture and behavior, a rich and irreplacable reward.  The sexual symbolism is hotter and more overt; the overall feeling of irrational psychosis is more intense and shrill, and the cynicism of the concept thrills the nerves like an Asian aphrodisiac.<br /><br />This is or can be a valuable addition to your collection of BATMAN POP junk treasure.  Long shelf life.  It defies time.BATMAN POP junk treasure.  Long shelf life.  It defies time.
B000ZM1MGE|4.0|I apologize in advance this isn't really a review of the movie.  I just can't believe how frequently older reviews say alarming things, and I had to speak up.  Things like:    - the \\"spoiled\\" guy got what he deserved  - that may have been the way things were in the Turkish penal system of the '70s, but we must abide by their ways; \\"when in Rome\\" as it were  - jokes about the abuse    These types of comments weren't rare, and I found it disturbing.  With so many people out there possessing that attitude, no wonder human rights abuses are allowed to go on in our world.  And will continue until everyone takes the issue seriously and never makes excuses for it.      Also whether or not the story is completely accurate or not, I'm amazed by all the reviewers who declared the whole thing was a complete lie, because \\"I've been to Turkey and people weren't like that.\\"  I've yet to read a review by someone who said, \\"I served time in a Turkish prison and it was not like that at all.\\"  No, these reviewers are people who simply don't like what they they are seeing/hearing, therefore they unequivocally pronounce that everything in the story was a racist fabrication.  Really?  Do you know that for sure???
B001DHXT2A|5.0|When I first saw the trailer for this film, it had me hooked, and unlike some films were you see the trailer and come out disappointed, I came out wanting to buy it on DVD. I went with some friends of mine and they all loved the film, it was a big step up from the crappy boring 2003 Hulk. I really recommend this film. Edward Norton, Liv Tyler and especially William Hurt, are AMAZING! Fantastically made!
1419551795|2.0|Not at a good use of time.  There are not enough practice questions and the difficulty is definitely not 800 level, probably more around 650-700 as other reviewers have suggested.  Surprisingly the main Kaplan book (Premier 2009) has harder questions on its CD rom, although unfortunately that book has significant problems.  I've never read a book of any kind with as many errors and typos - seriously!  Kaplan has really gone down hill.
B001ECQ6PG|4.0|I have not recorded yet, but for the price the record player is perfect. The sound from the built in speaker is not bad, but with headphones or other speakers it is great. (uses computer style speakers.) Lightweight for easy transport and small for storage or moving.) Will update after recording
B001CB2A1I|2.0|If I see Steve at a Red Sox game, I'm asking for my money back.  150 pages of gaga-goo-goo talk and this book was on it's way to a library donation.  Now I feel guilty because some other SOB's going to waste time on this mess.
B000LXH0AE|5.0|With the focus firmly on character development, director Marc Forster pushes actor Will Ferrell to a solid performance that is clearly outside his comfort zone of slapstick comedy.<br /><br />As IRS auditor Harold Crick, Ferrell is caught in a web of living a life that is being written by author Kay Eiffel (Emma Thompson) that will end in Crick's death. Literature professor Jules Hilbert (Dustin Hoffman) helps Crick put the jigsaw pieces together on why he is hearing in his mind a \\"narration\\" of his life as it happens.<br /><br />A morality play on life, art and romance, it is an interesting look into living each day to its fullest and ultimately striving to do the right thing in every situation, even if some would believe it is just life imitating art.
B001E7OO2I|4.0|John Legend's Evolver is a little different than his two latest releases, however, it is not bad. With the exception of Green Light featuring Andre 3000, the tracks on this cd are laced with class John Legend heartfelt lyrics and eclectic rythyms.I would definitely recommend this to any John Legend fan. I would also advise anyone to not judge this cd based on Green Light and do not judge the cd after the first time you hear it. It took me a couple full listens to completely embrace ethe cd and now I love it!
B000V1MMLI|5.0|i bought this cd randomly not even knowing who serj was.  i quickly realized he was the lead singer from system since his voice is so recognizable but this project is one of the most unique musical journeys of 2008.  highly recommend this to anybody who loves music with intense imagery and well produced words and music.  i don't usually listen to music this heavy but the album is perfectly balanced, a great cd for anyone who loves music that is written and performed really well!
055358894X|3.0|I was torn between a 3 star or a 4 star, I guess in the end it was much closer to a 3 star, considering that I was not moved enough to continue on to the second book, Red Seas...    The book started off like a work of genuis, but perhaps that was because I was coming off perhaps my worst read of the year, Paolini's Brisingr.  I was instantly refreshed by Lynch's fluid writing style.       It's a very interesting read because the main character is almost the city itself. Lynch spends on awful lot of careful time developing the character and description of the city itself.    The fast paced thriller aspect of the novel is also quite gripping.  The trouble with this book, for me, as is the case with so many 'thriller' type books that I read is the character development, or rather the distinctions between characters. It seemed like a lot of the dialogue was universal. I simply couldn't tell one character from another by their dialogue or words or attitudes.   It's a very nice read, and if you are desperate for some new different fantasy then this might hit you and draw you in. For me it was merely a refreshing passing breeze.
1401302378|5.0|What is the major change brought to our society after we entered the netizen era? Some may say it's the free download of almost everything, or it's supre-abundance of information, or it's the gossip about anything rampant and fast on the web. But Chris Anderson tells us, what the internet has created is the \\"Long Tail\\" of almost any kind of commodities or services. The once neglected and overlooked niches become profitable. The \\"Hits\\" don't have so loud a say as before. Enterprises, if wise and aiming at long-term success, should dig deep and thoroughly to form their own long tails. Google, Amazon, Yahoo!, etc. are all successful examples.    Sagely written, this book can be read both for fun and for a serious study of our comtemporary era.
B0014DZ2VO|5.0|Bond movies traditionally come out right around Thanksgiving. This year, \\"Quantum of Solace\\" was something Bond fans can truly be thankful for. Contrary to popular opinion, I liked it more than [[ASIN:B001DSNELA Casino Royale (Three-Disc Collector's Edition)]]  I liked it more than [[ASIN:B00005JLBE Die Another Day (Widescreen Special Edition)]](Maybe not more that [[ASIN:B000LY98XA The World Is Not Enough - 2-Disc Ultimate Edition]], but since that was the first Bond film I saw theatrically, it has sentimental value for me.) All in all, this is the best experience I've had going to see a Bond movie in a long time.    After seeing \\"Casino Royale\\", I wasn't sure whether or not I liked Daniel Craig as Bond. Thanks to \\"Quantum of Solace\\", I have to say I still don't rate him as highly as Sean Connery or Timothy Dalton, my two favorite Bonds, but I now fully accept him in the role, and he may even be squeaking into a three-way tie for third place with Pierce Brosnan and Roger Moore. In CR, Bond was portrayed as a \\"blunt instrument\\", starting out as an elite Double-Oh agent and slowly evolving into the martini-smooth super-spy we've all come to know and love. QoS continues that evolution. 007 is now on the smoother side  of blunt, a thug that looks dashing in a tuxedo (even if he has to steal one) and has a taste for the finer things in life. He also has a very dry sense of humor, more apparent than in CR, but not as over the top as in the Brosnan films. Basically, he's awfully close to the character in Ian Fleming's novels.    Like CR, QoS represents a break from tradition concerning the older movies, but at the same time feels more like a traditional Bond film. Bond never introduces himself as \\"Bond, James Bond\\", but he never has to. He never orders him martini \\"shaken, not stirred\\", but it's implied. And these catch phrase didn't occur in all of the earliest Bond movies, either. All of the other elements are there: the beautiful women (Gemma Arterton and Olga Kurylenko), the beautiful cars (the Aston Martin DBS), and a vast organization (called Quantum) bent on world domination.    Unfortunately, the movie's weakest moments are the action scenes. While CR director Martin Campbell has some experience in the genre, QoS director Marc Forester ([[ASIN:B0007CNXUK Finding Neverland (Widescreen Edition)]], [[ASIN:B000LXH0AE Stranger Than Fiction]]) is more used to directing dramas. While some of the action scenes are inventive, the decision to film all of them using a shaky [[ASIN:B0014Z4OQG Cloverfield]] handy-cam approach was a mistake. The most inventive action scenes would have been improved by a more traditional steady cam approach, while the shaky cam doesn't really add anything to the more  conventional scenes.  And the hyper editing makes the scenes almost impossible to follow during the initial viewing.  Admittedly, it forces viewers to not shut their minds off during chase scenes, but it also lacks visual appeal.    On the other hand, the character scenes really work well, and simple scenes, such as Bond spying from a tall scaffolding or shimmying across the wrong side of a balcony to avoid capture, become the film's best action moments. The movie is filled with welcome references to the older movies and Fleming novels (including an unmistakable [[ASIN:B000LY3JF8 Goldfinger - 2-Disc Ultimate Edition]] reference). The Bond girls are great. Olga Kurylenko is beautiful and exotic, while fresh-faced Gemma Arterton's younger Bond girl steals the show, even as a secondary character. Her innocence and vulnerability  make her unique as a Bond girl, and she's one of the best Bond women in a long time.  Possibly, in my opinion, the best Bond girl ever. Matthieu Almaric's villian is the most realistic baddie in the series. Jack White and Alicia Key's duet \\"Another Way to Die\\" is one of the best Bond theme songs ever, on par with Chris Cornell's theme from the previous film. And the classic gun barrel, as in CR, appears in a way that makes it new and exciting again.    Finally, QoS's short run time, just under two hours compared to CR's massive just over two-and-a-half, is brief and sweet and ends just in time not to overstay its welcome. All in all, despite the flaws I could pick out, I left the theater grinning like an idiot.
B000G03RJA|1.0|Okay-okay, first off let me explain my one star rating, and believe me it was a very hard decision to make (almost). The one star rating is in no way reflecting on Laura personally (great gal) or her music,(great songs) it is given only because of \\"The Platinum Collection\\", I mean to say only 18 songs that represent Laura's career-that's an insult to us fans, (and I'm one of them).<br /><br />According to my research, we have over the years had various Laura Branigan collections starting with: \\"The Best of Branigan\\" in 1995, unique in some ways because it has 2 songs not on any of her albums, `Dim All The Lights' and `Show Me Heaven', \\"The Essentials\\" in 2002, \\"Gloria and Other Hits\\" in 2003, \\"The Very Best of Laura Branigan\\" in 2005, the \\"Platinum Collection\\" in 2006 and \\"Greatest Hits\\" in 2007.<br /><br />Now, with this \\"The Platinum Collection\\", we have again a selection of songs all which are worthy, but I don't think the powers-that-be really had the fans in mind when they were compiling yet another collection of Laura's music-I think they were just interested in trying to make more money and see how much they would get from this (another) collection (how sad). Looks like it wasn't enough because in 2007 along comes the \\"Greatest Hits\\" of Laura Branigan. All these collections just seem to miss the mark (very wide), the \\"Platinum Collection\\" maybe decent but it's not a great compilation of songs that do Laura any justice as a lasting memory of her. I've see better platinum collections from other singers/bands. Roxy Music is one example their \\"Platinum Collection\\" not only has the band's music but it has Bryan Ferry's material also as a solo artist, another example is Queen's \\"Platinum Collection\\", I'm not a fan, but I like their stuff and having this compilation in my collection is great as a memory of the band and Feddie Mercury; Roxy Music and Queen's material is over 3 CDs long, while Laura's is only 1. So you see there are worthy platinum collections out there, so why can't there be one worthy for Laura?<br /><br />Yes, I know what you're saying out there, `It's better than nothing...right?' Wrong, how many compilations are we going to go through until we have one that beats the rest? Some say \\"The Platinum Collection\\" is the best compilation to date, (wow I'm so overjoyed...please) but it's not perfect, sure it has the hits - `Gloria', `Self Control', `Lucky One', Solitaire', `How Am I Supposed To Live Without You', `Spanish Eddie' and the cover versions of `Power of Love', `Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow', and `I Find Someone', and the rest thrown in for good measure. All in all, it still is not a great representation of Laura's talent as a singer. All the songs are the standard material for present and future compilations. What is needed is the `Mother Load' so-to-speak.<br /><br />So?...what am I trying to say? I'm saying this, we the fans and those who just like Laura's music want something more definitive, something that really is a showcase of Laura's time here on earth, (Laura passed away in 2004) and something that can be added to anyone's CD collection...I give you, my compilation, see what you think:<br /><br />Laura Branigan - The Definitive Anthology<br /><br />A 5 CD and 2 DVD set, (and I use the word definitive lightly in this instance). That's over 60 songs with 4 productions, video compilations and of other Laura performances on the DVDs, (as yet there is no DVD collection of Laura Branigan videos or concerts that I know of-why is that?). I think what I have to offer as an example below is much better than just a selection of 18 songs from the \\"Platinum Collection\\", which in my mind just doesn't cut it, it is a joke, (but I'm not really laughing). What is needed is a lasting tribute to a singer who loved to perform and give her all, sure we have a lot of Laura Branigan collections as stated above, but nothing really extensive or significant, and the \\"Platinum Collection\\" does not fulfil the criteria either.  So I wonder what the next collection will look like and when will it be the right one?<br /><br />Below is my selection,you the reader/fan will of course have your own selections/favourites, the big difference is it has music from various movies and television, which are important to us fans of Laura's music, and will complete and compliment any collection, naturally there maybe those who may not agree with my selection, (that's okay) there maybe a song/single amiss, (a personal favourite perhaps?) but at least it's a start in the right direction. So have a look at what I offer as an alternative below.<br /><br />CD001<br /><br />1] All Night With Me<br />2] Gloria<br />3] Lovin' You Baby<br />4] If You Loved Me<br />5] Maybe I Love You<br />6] Solitaire<br />7] Deep In The Dark<br />8] How Am I Supposed To Live Without You<br />9] I'm Not The Only One<br />10] Don't Show Your Love<br />11] The Lucky One<br />12] Self Control<br />13] Ti Amo<br />14] Heart<br />15] Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow<br />16] Satisfaction<br /><br />CD002<br /><br />1] Spanish Eddie<br />2] Forever Young<br />3] When I'm With You<br />4] I Found Someone<br />5] Sanctuary<br />6] Tenderness<br />7] Angels Calling<br />8] Power Of Love<br />9] Shattered Glass<br />10] Whatever I Do (Wherever I Go)<br />11] Spirit Of Love<br />12] Touch<br />13] Cry Wolf<br />14] Moonlight On Water<br />15] Bad Attitude<br />16] Never In A Million Years<br /><br />CD003<br /><br />1] Turn The Beat Around<br />2] Unison<br />3] Reverse Psychology<br />4] The Sweet Hello, The Sad Goodbye<br />5] Over My Heart<br />6] Love Your Girl<br />7] Didn't We Almost Win It All<br />8] I'll Wait For You<br />9] Over You<br />10] Show Me Heaven<br />11] Dim All The Lights<br />12] The Challenge<br />13] The Winner Takes It All<br />14] If That's What It Takes<br />15] I Can See Again<br />16] I Know You By Heart<br /><br />CD004<br /><br />1]  A Love Until the End of Time 1982(From the Series ChiPs)<br />2]  Love is Forever 1983(From the movie Love is Forever)<br />3]  It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas 1983<br />  (From A Solid Gold Christmas)<br />4]  Santa Claus is coming  to Town 1983<br />  (From A Solid Gold Christmas)<br />5]  Imagination 1983(From the movie Flashdance)<br />6]  Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow (Duet with Doc Severinsen)1984 (From The Tonight Show)<br />7]  Hot Night 1984(From the movie Ghostbusters)<br />8]  Sharpshooter 1984(From the movie Body Rock)<br />9]  Hollywood Wives 1985(From the mini-series Hollywood Wives)<br />10]  If I were A River 1986(From Disney's Living Seas)<br />11] One Day 1986(From the movie Violets Are Blue)<br />12] Come Into My Life 1988(From the movie Coming To America)<br />13] Believe In Me 1988(From the movie Coming To America)<br />14] Your Love 1988(From the movie Salsa)<br />15]  I Believe 1994(From the series Baywatch)<br />16] Looking Out For Number One* Year not known<br />  (A hit on the US Dance Charts)<br /><br />* I don't know the year when this came out, but it was released before Laura's first album.<br /><br />CD005<br /><br />This fifth CD would contain various 12\\" and special remixes of Laura Branigan's songs that were released on vinyl that are not available on CD.<br /><br />DVD 001<br /><br />1] Laura Branigan**<br />  (Concert at Caesars Tahoe, Lake Tahoe, NV - 1984)<br /><br />2] Cover Story<br />  (Celebrity biography series, one episode devoted to Laura  Branigan interview, behind the scenes footage and videos - 1985)<br /><br />3] Record Guide `88<br />  (Music series, one episode to Laura Branigan interview and videos - 1988)<br /><br />4] SRO: In Concert<br />  (Hour-long concert series, one episode devoted to Laura Branigan live in Atlantic City - 1990)<br /><br />** I have this concert on video only which is still available on the internet. (At the time of writing this review)<br /><br />DVD 002<br /><br />1] Laura Branigan the Videos<br />  (A collection of all Laura's video singles)<br /><br />2] Laura Branigan Television Performances<br />  (A collection of various TV spots of Laura as a guest artist in the US)<br /><br />i]  Gloria (Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade 1982)<br />ii]  Gloria (Saturday Night Live 1982)<br />iii] Living a Lie (Saturday Night Live 1982)<br />iv]  It's Beginning To Look A Lot Like Christmas/Santa Claus Is Coming To<br />  Town*** (A Solid Gold Christmas 1983)<br />v]  How Am I Supposed To Live Without You<br />  (Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 1983)<br />vi]  Self Control (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1984)<br />vii] Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow (w/Doc Severinson & the NBC<br />  Orchestra) (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1984)<br />viii]Self Control (Rock Rolls On 1984)<br />ix]  The Licky One (Rock Rolls On 1984)<br />xi]  Spanish Eddie (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1985)<br />xii] Forever Young (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1985)<br />xiii]Special Production Number (Night of 100 Stars II 1985)<br />xiv] If I Were A River (Disney's Living Seas 1986)<br />xv]  Reverse Psychology (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1990)<br />xvi] Never In A Million Years (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson<br />  1990)<br />xvii]Gloria (The RuPaul Show 1998)<br /><br />Also, there can be a selection of other live performances of songs from other countries outside the US. Example: `Deep In The Dark' performed live on Australian TV on the rock-pop music show Countdown in 1983, which I saw.<br /><br />*** I actually was lucky enough to tape this performance from the TV.<br /><br />Well now that you studied my compilation wish list (please let there be a God), what do you think? Remember this is only an example/guide, but I hope you the reader/fan will get my meaning. Naturally you can make your own selection/compilation to create your 'Platinum Collection'.<br /><br />One final word.<br /><br />If you are desperate and want any music by Laura then by all means get the \\"Platinum Collection\\", (and maybe \\"The Best of Branigan\\") but if you are a fan don't bother, and besides you wouldn't buy it anyway since you will have all her records anyway-right? (well the ones that count) I just hope that the powers-that-be perhaps see what I offer and maybe, just maybe use my example to rethink their next Laura Branigan collection and do a respectable job that can be a lasting testament to a great singer.<br /><br />There maybe those who don't like this review, which really is just my way of venting anger at what I've seen in compilations of Laura, (I'm not really satisfied with any of them) but Laura was a great singer, let's do the decent thing and give her the best compilation possible to celebrate her life and memory.<br /><br />The one song that comes to mind when I think of Laura Branigan is `Forever Young', and I think it's appropriate because Laura will always be forever young in song, music, spirit and soul.<br /><br />Special thanks to Wikipedia for additional information for compiling this review.<br /><br />STOP PRESS: On Laura's official website, you can order her new 2CD collection: 'Shine On: The Ultimate Collection'. This is a CD+DVD, that's 18 songs (Digitally Remastered) + 10 music video's (Format: PAL/All Regions).<br /><br />Shine On: The Ultimate Collection.<br /><br />Disc 1<br /><br />1. \\"Ti Amo\\" 4:18<br />2. \\"Spanish Eddie\\" 4:10<br />3. \\"Solitaire\\" 4:07<br />4. \\"Self Control\\" 4:08<br />5. \\"Gloria\\" 4:50<br />6. \\"Cry Wolf\\" 4:49<br />7. \\"Maybe Tonight\\" 3:40<br />8. \\"Shattered Glass\\" 3:41<br />9. \\"Show Me Heaven\\" 4:11<br />10. \\"The Lucky One\\" 4:10<br />11. \\"Power of Love\\" 5:26<br />12. \\"I Found Someone\\" 4:01<br />13. \\"Moonlight on Water\\" 4:39<br />14. \\"Didn't We Almost Win It All\\" 5:09<br />15. \\"Forever Young\\" 3:57<br />16. \\"How Am I Supposed to Live Without You\\" 4:29<br />17. \\"Dim All the Lights\\" 4:44<br />18. \\"Gloria\\" (DJ C Radio Mix) 3:09<br /><br />Disc 2 - Bonus DVD<br /><br />1. \\"Shattered Glass\\" (Music video) 3:41<br />2. \\"Maybe Tonight\\" (Music video) 3:40<br />3. \\"Spanish Eddie\\" (Music video) 4:10<br />4. \\"The Lucky One\\" (Music video) 4:10<br />5. \\"Gloria\\" (Music video) 4:50<br />6. \\"Self Control\\" (Music video) 5:00<br />7. \\"Dim All the Lights\\" (Music video) 4:44<br />8. \\"Didn't We Almost Win It All\\" (Music video) 5:09<br />9. \\"Moonlight on Water\\" (Music video) 4:39<br />10. \\"Solitaire\\" (Music video) 4:07<br /><br />Review: The songs are great (naturally), and the music video's are fantastic, finally...a collection that has Laura's music video's, see and hear laura, you won't be disapointed, I wasn't...and I waited long enough...get it now!New Year's Rockin' Eve 1983)   vi]  Self Control (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1984)  vii] Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow (w/Doc Severinson & the NBC         Orchestra) (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1984)  viii]Self Control (Rock Rolls On 1984)  ix]  The Licky One (Rock Rolls On 1984)  xi]  Spanish Eddie (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1985)  xii] Forever Young (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1985)  xiii]Special Production Number (Night of 100 Stars II 1985)  xiv] If I Were A River (Disney's Living Seas 1986)  xv]  Reverse Psychology (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson 1990)  xvi] Never In A Million Years (The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson       1990)  xvii]Gloria (The RuPaul Show 1998)    Also, there can be a selection of other live performances of songs from other countries outside the US. Example: `Deep In The Dark' performed live on Australian TV on the rock-pop music show Countdown in 1983, which I saw.    *** I actually was lucky enough to tape this performance from the TV.     Well now that you studied my compilation wish list (please let there be a God), what do you think? Remember this is only an example/guide, but I hope you the reader/fan will get my meaning. Naturally you can make your own selection/compilation to create your 'Platinum Collection'.    One final word.    If you are desperate and want any music by Laura then by all means get the \\"Platinum Collection\\", (and maybe \\"The Best of Branigan\\") but if you are a fan don't bother, and besides you wouldn't buy it anyway since you will have all her records anyway-right? (well the ones that count) I just hope that the powers-that-be perhaps see what I offer and maybe, just maybe use my example to rethink their next Laura Branigan collection and do a respectable job that can be a lasting testament to a great singer.     There maybe those who don't like this review, which really is just my way of venting anger at what I've seen in compilations of Laura,(I'm not really satisfied with any of them) but Laura was a great singer, let's do the decent thing and give her the best compilation possible to celebrate her life and memory.    The one song that comes to mind when I think of Laura Branigan is `Forever Young', and I think it's appropriate because Laura will always be forever young in song, music, spirit and soul.    Special thanks to Wikipedia for additional information for compiling this review.    STOP PRESS: On Laura's official website, you can order her new 2CD collection: 'Shine On: The Ultimate Collection'. This is a CD+DVD, that's 18 songs (Digitally Remastered) + 10 music video's (Format: PAL/All Regions).      Shine On: The Ultimate Collection.    Disc 1        1. \\"Ti Amo\\" 4:18        2. \\"Spanish Eddie\\" 4:10        3. \\"Solitaire\\" 4:07        4. \\"Self Control\\" 4:08        5. \\"Gloria\\" 4:50        6. \\"Cry Wolf\\" 4:49        7. \\"Maybe Tonight\\" 3:40        8. \\"Shattered Glass\\" 3:41        9. \\"Show Me Heaven\\" 4:11        10. \\"The Lucky One\\" 4:10        11. \\"Power of Love\\" 5:26        12. \\"I Found Someone\\" 4:01        13. \\"Moonlight on Water\\" 4:39        14. \\"Didn't We Almost Win It All\\" 5:09        15. \\"Forever Young\\" 3:57        16. \\"How Am I Supposed to Live Without You\\" 4:29        17. \\"Dim All the Lights\\" 4:44        18. \\"Gloria\\" (DJ C Radio Mix) 3:09          Disc 2 - Bonus DVD      1. \\"Shattered Glass\\" (Music video) 3:41         2. \\"Maybe Tonight\\" (Music video) 3:40         3. \\"Spanish Eddie\\" (Music video) 4:10         4. \\"The Lucky One\\" (Music video) 4:10         5. \\"Gloria\\" (Music video) 4:50         6. \\"Self Control\\" (Music video) 5:00         7. \\"Dim All the Lights\\" (Music video) 4:44         8. \\"Didn't We Almost Win It All\\" (Music video) 5:09         9. \\"Moonlight on Water\\" (Music video) 4:39         10. \\"Solitaire\\" (Music video) 4:07           Review: The songs are great (naturally), and the music video's are fantastic, finally...a collection that has Laura's music video's, see and hear laura, you won't be disapointed, I wasn't...and I waited long enough...get it now!
1416595546|4.0|My studies of European history mostly revolve around the 17th and 18th centuries, so I was quite interested to dive into the history of 20th-century Russia and the Communist power struggles for a change.  When I grew up, the Cold War was still on; the things we learned about the Soviet Union, Karl Marx and Communism all seemed frightfully dark ages to us sophisticated kids of the 1970s.  Ha ha.  But what I mean is that my review is not written with the hindsight of the conquerors (so to speak) but that even as children we in the US were made aware of, and became disdainful of, the flaws of the then-current Soviet political system.<br /><br />Initially, Sashenka is a teenager; her absurd devotion to Bolshevism seems like a kind of junior-James-Bond wannabe:  delivering secret parcels, speaking in code...it's all a bit of the overdone cloak-and-dagger stuff.  We then segue to 1939, at which point Sashenka and the Soviet Union are both fully entrenched.  Listening to some of this Party garbage (she named her kids \\"Karlmarx\\" and \\"People's Will\\"!) almost comes across as bad fiction.  You really can't believe life could have been like this, that anyone could have been so rigidly adhering to the Party line.  But it apparently really was like that.  Right up until the \\"crisis moment\\" of Sashenka's life, she seems a bit clueless, living in her perfect Soviet world.  Even during the crisis, a bit too much meandering attention is paid to her internal pro-Communism monologues, which distracted me so much that I gave up on the book for a while.<br /><br />However, today I had nothing in particular to read so I decided to try and finish it.  Shortly after Sashenka's crisis moment begins, we are transported forward in time to 1994.  This part of the book is strongly-written and filled with good characters.  The book ended well (a tearjerker to anyone with kids) and movingly.  The reason I took off one star is that no real reason is given for Satinov's motivation except his general nice-guy-ness.  Sashenka's kids were no different from any other kids, and his relationship with her didn't seem to be of the \\"pining away from afar\\" type - presumably he had as much opportunity as Vanya did to romance her, but there's no hint of him having been in love with her, at any point.  So what made him do the things he did?  No real reason is given, and that's a bit of a letdown.<br /><br />I would also take off another half-star, in hindsight, because we also don't know what drove Sagan to his crisis point, either.  He just shows up and turns everything upside-down with a farfetched story, which is, however, believed.  With Sagan, however, I can possibly believe he was doing it to hurt Sashenka, because she had spurned him.  So, half a star off (but Amazon won't let me change it after writing the review and then editing it).<br /><br />As a result of reading this book I'm filled with even more pity for those who lived under the Soviet regime than I had previously been.  It hasn't made me want to study the Soviet era more...that's just too bleak and depressing, all that rampant nationalism...in fact, I may read *less* about it because it was so bleak and depressing - but at least I have a better knowledge (if fictional) of what happened.nice-guy-ness.  Sashenka's kids were no different from any other kids, and his relationship with her didn't seem to be of the \\"pining away from afar\\" type - presumably he had as much opportunity as Vanya did to romance her, but there's no hint of him having been in love with her, at any point.  So what made him do the things he did?  No real reason is given, and that's a bit of a letdown.<br /><br />I would also take off another half-star, in hindsight, because we also don't know what drove Sagan to his crisis point, either.  He just shows up and turns everything upside-down with a farfetched story, which is, however, believed.  With Sagan, however, I can possibly believe he was doing it to hurt Sashenka, because she had spurned him.  So, half a star off (but Amazon won't let me change it after writing the review and then editing it).<br /><br />As a result of reading this book I'm filled with even more pity for those who lived under the Soviet regime than I had previously been.  It hasn't made me want to study the Soviet era more...that's just too bleak and depressing, all that rampant nationalism...in fact, I may read *less* about it because it was so bleak and depressing - but at least I have a better knowledge (if fictional) of what happened.
B001GKYBXA|5.0|At 62, and with his catalogue behind him, it would be easy enough for McCartney to sod the trouble. But, and this is really the whole thing with him, his solo career didn't properly begin and take on its own identity until Flowers In The Dirt. And apart from the mis step of the follow up to that CD, McCartney has been on a trajectory, going from strength to strength. Securing an incendiary backing band at the turn of the century, all the schmaltz of his early solo and Wings CDs, his questionable collaborations with Wacko, and a sort of phoned in creativity have all been displaced by a man on a mission. Working on teh anthology with and then losing George and orchestrating the concert for NYC post 9/11 no doubt reminded him time is running short. His has been an exciting and creative resurgence that none of his peers, save maybe Bowie and Fripp, have effected with any conviction.<br />And this is the best of the lot. From the primal and pitch perfect delta blues of the opener through the ambient conclusion, this is a masterpiece. His pop sensibilities are dead on without being saccharine, his romantic side is adult and unaffected, his chops are positively impressive. It's as though he has reasserted just who the feck is the best bass player ever in rock. Youth no doubt was smart enough to know when to let the fuse burn with McCartney. Apparently most of the disc was recorded in a single session, not that he hadn't prepared (after all this is not Neil Young). Both Youth and mCC knew they hat tapped a vein and they just kept right on at it. The electric argument made here is that with commitment, all the rules change. Add a creativity and sense of both experiment and melody like those in the heart and soul of McCartney and you have a disc as worthy as any in his Beatles repertoire. Get this CD. Money is tight this year. This is the one.
B000X1Z0BU|4.0|Once tells the story of an Irish guy (played by Glen Hansard) who's nursing a broken heart. He's a musician, and all his songs seem to be about a particular ex-girlfriend. He plays his guitar and sings in the street for change, also working in his father's vacuum cleaner repair shop to make money.<br /><br />One day, our guy meets a girl (played by Marketa Irglova). The girl, a Czech immigrant, has a young daughter, and she works like crazy (flower seller, paper seller, etc.) to keep a roof over their heads and food on the table. Turns out, she's also a musician. She plays the piano and writes songs.<br /><br />The two feel an immediate affinity for one another, and pretty soon, they are playing songs together. The girl has immense confidence in our guy, and she helps him get a small business loan so that he can record a professional demo in a Dublin studio. They get a small band together, haggle with a sound guy over studio space, and spend a wonderful weekend cutting the demo, which everyone pretty much agrees is brilliant.<br /><br />Over the course of the film, we realize that the two are falling for each other, but the ending is not trite and syrupy. It's real.<br /><br />What I loved about this movie - The film was shot in a little over two weeks and with a tiny budget. It feels like you are listening in on other people's lives. There is no posturing here, no \\"acting.\\" Just understated conversations and amazing music. In a movie about musicians, it makes sense that most of the screen time is either spent playing music or talking about music. And the music, largely written and performed by Hansard and Irglova, is wonderful.<br /><br />This is a not-to-be-missed film. One of the primary songs in the film, \\"Falling Slowly,\\" won the Oscar for original music last year. It's gorgeous and deserved the win.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Definitely a movie worth seeing by kids and adults. It is very engaging and makes a good point about our impact to the environment. Makes you think. We loved that there is very little dialogue. Oh, and Wall-E and Eva are so cute. Must see it.
B001C08RHA|4.0|If you know the Iron Man comic, you know the story. Billionaire inventor and weapons producer Tony Stark is captured by renegade forces who want him to create a super-weapon for them. After requesting the supplies he'll need, Stark instead creates a metal suit for himself, using it to bust out of captivity. Now fully realizing the great havoc his weapons inflict, Stark vows to act as a protector of the human race and undo some of the damage his creations have caused.<br /><br />I thought that this movie was good, but I was actually expecting it be a tad more spectacular. Maybe because I'd heard it being discussed in glowing terms for the better part of a year. It's hard to live up to such hype.<br /><br />I thought Robert Downey Jr. did a fabulous job. Gwyneth Paltrow did a fair job for the role she had, but Pepper Potts didn't seem to be a very pivotal character in this film. I loved Terence Howard, and I'm disappointed about the rumors that he may be replaced in the next film in the series. Jeff Bridges chewed the scenery gloriously. (He looks very ominous without his hair!)<br /><br />The effects were great, and I'm glad to see how the SpiderMan series and King Kong have cemented a new rule of thumb in hero/effects films (one started by Titanic, I think): even if the movie is all about effects, it will be better if you cast people who can actually ACT in the lead roles. (Not just models. Not just bodybuilders. ACTORS.) Everything will benefit from strong performances at the core of the film, even if you think audiences are really only coming to see you blow stuff up.
B000GPIPTW|5.0|Even if you heard this album way back when... you should check this out.  I played this on a good system and WOW. The harmony these guys (Brian) did is still amazing.  This CD/DVD combo is well worth the do-ray-me.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|I challenge anybody to pick out a better Batman movie in all the Batman movies ever made that's better than this one.  Afterwards I will find you and beat you unretarded!!! (more to be added later)
0374264260|5.0|This book just makes me want to say \\"Thank you\\" to this author, congratulations on success, and I hope it was a wonderous journey that stays with you.  I may end up with a book published some day, and just my beginning steps thrill me with the amazing experience of meeting/inventing/being these characters.  I'll be a returning customer.    John Bidwell
B001GZ6QDS|4.0|First off, let me say my rating is for the package as a whole. The movie gets an easy five stars, but when you couple it with the lazy job the folks at Warner Bros. did here, it ultimately demeans the whole value of the package itself.<br /><br />It's pretty safe to say that The Dark Knight was 2008's most anticipated DVD release. I know how I have been up until the clock hit midnight and I had my copy in my grubby little hands. I was rabid, to say the least, and I got home and was salivating even as the opening credits graced my 52 inch television. The Dark Knight has something so special about it, and for me, that lies within Heath Ledger's final role as The Joker.<br /><br />Indeed, that is where the charm is with this film. Heath Ledger pretty much carries this whole film on his back, delivering what I can honestly say is one of the most chilling, accurate, and breathtaking performances I have ever seen in my life. There is something so real about The Joker, and it's hard to believe that this man is not real, because that is the spirit that Ledger brought to the role. He made you actually fear this madman walking down the streets of Gotham with a machine gun, and every bit of dialogue that Ledger had as The Joker was menacing, even if it was just the tiniest line.<br /><br />Now, we can't attribute all the credit to Ledger, as much as we would all like to. We have to give it up for hands down the best Batman ever- Christian Bale. It would have been hard to imagine anybody else playing this role if Bale had indeed been the first man to play The Dark Knight in any of Tim Burton's films, and it says something that he can surpass Kilmer, Keaton, and Clooney without ever even trying. Bale brings such a depth of realism to Batman and to his alter ego Bruce Wayne. And there, I say Wayne is the alter ego because throughout the course of this film we see just how much Wayne has actually become Batman.<br /><br />Aaron Eckhart is more than worthy of mention here as well. His performance as Harvey Dent was certainly a much-needed element to the story. Gotham needed a White Knight, and they got him in what could easily be described as his best performance yet. Course, Eckhart is no stranger to political roles, having played a spokesman for a tobacco company in Thank You For Smoking and a detective in The Black Dahlia, and credit has to be given to those roles he portrayed in order to create such a likable character in Dent who, when he falls, we in a way fall with him.<br /><br />The rest of the cast is excellent, as always, most notable Maggie Gyllenhaal filling in for the absent Katie Holmes. She didn't have very big shoes to fill for this one, considering that Katie Holmes can't act her way out of a paper bag, but Maggie did excellent with what little she had to work with. Michale Caine, Gary Oldman, and Morgan Freeman all return from Batman Begins and do even better in this film.<br /><br />However, the reason for the 3 1/2 stars for this package is that Warner Bros was simply LAZY with this 2 disc 'collectors edition'. There's about a total of 25 minutes of behind the scenes footage. Yeah. Even Batman Begins had about an hour if not close to an hour and a half. They discuss only a few things, like the score, the redesign of the suit, and the Batpod. Where's the behind the scenes of flipping the semi? Blowing up Gotham General? Where is any behind the scenes that was actually worth watching? Yeah, we get the IMAX scenes, which don't really matter unless seen on an IMAX screen, and six episodes of GCN, which are only interesting if you're really into politics, and the three trailers for the film. Wow. Warner Bros, thank you for making me pay $25 for something that should have been no more than $20. I guess they think the digital copy more than makes up for it's lack of anything else.<br /><br />As I said before, the film gets an easy five stars but the package is lack something EXTREME, and while it's okay, fans who were rabid at the mouth for the DVD release, like myself, are certainly feeling the punch that Warner Bros delivered to our spirits.ly feeling the punch that Warner Bros delivered to our spirits.
0061438294|3.0|I found the book informative, but wading through the first 56 pages was a real chore, skip the theory and cut to the chase.  Through out the entire book the author repeats the obvious multiple times and sometimes uses real life examples so obvious to anyone but an idiot that they would have been better left out.  He just seems to go on and on.  Good, tight editing could have reduced the book by a quarter and made it much more readable.  Also, the literature citations throughout the book just bog down the text.  It's not a scientific treatise, even if the author thinks it is!
B001L5Q5O8|5.0|For somebody that was born in the month of December, you knew that such a talented artist such as Taylor Swift would have to make a great Christmas album, Country or otherwise, and indeed she does. Sure there's still some Country undertones, especially on the naughty but nice \\"Santa Baby.\\" \\"White Christmas\\" is a good acoustic closer, although it's a bit understated. Then there's \\"Last Christmas,\\" which is delightful, but moves so fast, it's hard to get the full feel of the song. In fact, this project is more of an EP in length, ranging six tracks, and clockin' in at 20 minutes, it's a fast-paced and jam-packed listen. And though it may move to fast for some, it only leaves you wanting more.<br /><br />Her 'Teardrops On My Guitar' trademark style permeates the surprisingly emotional and sad \\"Christmas When You Were Mine.\\" In fact, I was surprised that she even wrote the song, and thought it was a cover because it was so good. \\"Christmas Must Be Something More\\" on the other hand uses a bit too many Christmas cliches, even with the message, but it's a pleasant listen nevertheless.<br /><br />Overall, probably the best Country Christmas album since I heard Brad Paisley sing \\"James Penguin,\\" but it's more than a Country album, because Taylor has a crossover appeal with her universal song-writing. Not for all, but if you happen to find it, pick it up. You can never get enough Taylor Swift for Christmas, or any time of the year for that matter.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|Since crash landing on the island, all the survivors of Oceanic flight 815 have wanted is rescue.  And now they think it has come.  A boat and a helicopter are waiting not too far from shore.  This is thrilling news to Jack (Matthew Fox).  Locke (Terry O'Quinn), on the other hand, is convinced they all need to stay on the island.  And so the survivors are split into two camps.<br /><br />But when the \\"rescue party\\" arrives on the island, they don't seem to know who any of the survivors are and aren't that interested in rescuing them.  Instead, newcomers Daniel (Jeremy Davies), Miles (Ken Leung), and Charlotte (Rebecca Mader) seem to have an agenda of their own.  An agenda that involves Ben (Michael Emerson).  And when Sayid (Naveen Andrews) and Desmond (Henry Ian Cusick) make it to the ship, they make a surprising discovery.<br /><br />As if all this weren't enough, we have the character flashback and flash forwards.  It's always obvious which one we are having.  And they always provide the most tantalizing clues.  In this case, the trips forward in time reveal that only six of the castaways make it off the island.  Who are they?  And what happens to the others?<br /><br />Since the producers have now set an end date for the show, things are moving forward with precision.  There are no weak episodes here.  Several episodes answer long held mysteries, in fact.  Of course, other episodes proceed to give us even more mysteries than we had before.  And don't you dare expect anything less than a cliffhanger for the season ender.<br /><br />I can't praise the excellent writing without mentioning the equally great acting.  There is not one weak link on this show.  And with an ensemble this large, that's saying something.  I am drawn into the show every week and can't wait to spend more time with these wonderful characters.<br /><br />Thanks to the writer's strike, there are only 13 episodes this season.  But don't let that stop you from enjoying the drama and mystery of one of the most addicting shows on TV.
055358894X|2.0|Impressed with the positive reviews this book received, I decided to give it a read, but finished feeling like I wasted my time. I'll skip discussing thing like technique, writing style, etc. and just cut to the chase - I didn't particularly like the story. There were some parts that I found entertaining, but another reviewer described it best as a \\"confection\\". It never felt like there were any teeth here, and in particular, I found Locke's character inconsistent with the stature attributed to him. Writing \\"clever\\" is very difficult, and the action in this book never seemed as clever as the character was supposed to be.
B001AII4RM|4.0|As other reviewers can attest, this movie doesn't really achieve the promise of full performance capture. The real weakness is the inconsistency of the 3D actors. Some scenes are breathtakingly real, but others look like a videogame cinematic. For some reason Angelina Jolie looks different in every shot. The background townspeople look right out of Shrek. And the silly nude fight scene with Austin Powers cover ups.     BUT, this disc has some redeeming features. The Picture-in-Picture viewing of the performance captures sessions is amazing, You watch the movie alongside the original studio capture settings. It also reveals some of the limitations of the capture technology -- there are subtle nuances in the actors' performances that aren't translated to the final movie.    There's also a great 30 minute making-of that goes into details about filming in \\"The Volume\\", the amazing sound stage where all the mocap takes place.  So if you are interested at all in the technology behind the making of this film, this disc is a must watch. Otherwise, it's an enjoyable rental.
0545128285|5.0|We pre-ordered this for our daughter, and we're sure she'll love it. BUT it came in a special mailer with the name of the book etc. printed all over it, not the usual Amazon box. So be forewarned; don't know if this will continue but you might want to have the book delivered to the office or someplace else where the recipient won't see it arrive. Fortunately, we got to the mail before she did. . . .
B00005K9LK|5.0|Well up until purchasing this gem, PAINKILLER was my go to Priest album... I picked this up at Wally world (sorry Amazon) for a ridiculous $6.88... remastered with bonus tracks, this is most likely Priests finest album from start to finish... While \\"Painkiller\\" wax's and wanes between hard(er) rock and heavy Metal, \\"Screaming\\" is Hard Rock Cranked to \\"15\\"... Both will tear your face off, so I guess bottom line, for those about to rock to \\"Painkiller\\" you need to own this as well, as it is no doubt, truly essential JUDAS PRIEST.
B0012Q732O|4.0|I was intrigued by the thought of this flick having been a fan of the Saber Tooth Tiger ever since learning about it as a kid.  Okay, the tiger is really way too big, maybe people were much smaller then but, wow, this thing was huge, but, the scenes around the mammoths and the tiger were just great, well done FX.<br /><br />I had not seen many of the actors that were in this movie before, being filmed on location in New Zealand, South Africa and Namibia, this must have been a small economic boon for the latter two where obviously hundreds were given 'extra' opportunities.<br /><br />I wonder though if after making the Day After Tomorrow, if the interloper being lily white has anything to do with his perspective.(?)  What the movie does include is the concept of 'the One' coming to save his people from slavery.  Instead of it being an alien race that is overlording others, it is a person who remains from others who had fled a land that had long since been destroyed.  So, the story has an apparent message or messages, but bravery and being willing to stand against tyranny is one of them.<br /><br />The movie takes us from a small village on the tops of the mountains, great scenery in New Zealand, across a semi arid plain, through a tropical jungle repleat with giant birds, akin to the large bird that inhabits northern Australia and guts its prey.  However, these were like the raptors of Jurassic Park.  Even so, we go through more environments until we reach the desert.  I was fascinated by the large river in the desert that was reminiscent to the Nile or the Suez Canal ala 'Lawrence of Arabia.\\"<br /><br />We have a story of liberation, a bit slow in places, but the graphics are very well done, the last few minutes are rather exciting as a method to get a job done.  We see the mammoths once again at the end.<br /><br />If you want to watch a fantasy and like movies that have action, a story and an apparent message, this is worth it.  Omar Sharif narrates, but on the DVD you will find he was left on the cutting floor.  Actually, a couple of extra minutes and having Shariff cameoed would have been an added touch.he cutting floor.  Actually, a couple of extra minutes and having Shariff cameoed would have been an added touch.
B0008ENIAC|4.0|I enjoyed watching this while staying in on a cold Saturday afternoon.  Joan Crawford isn't usually in the mousey role, but she pulled it off just fine in this movie.
0807014273|5.0|Very simply, a book everyone should read.    There's no point saying more than that, because Frankl says it himself.    Go, read, reflect, be enriched.
0743298039|5.0|I purchased this book for myself over a year ago and finally got around to reading it. I loved it! A clever tale with twists and turns - some you can intuitively figure out, but a lot you can't. The ending is surprising and still leaves you guessing.<br /><br />Previous reviews have already given a narrative on the basic plot in the story, so I won't delve into it here.  But I can tell you that I looked forward everyday to my reading time to find out what happened next.<br /><br />I will definitely look for Ms. Setterfield's next book.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|All I can say is, if you liked Buffy, Angel, and Firefly, you're going to LOVE Dr. Horrible!  Joss' talent for music makes this \\"blog\\" a feast for the ears and terribly entertaining!  If you were a fan of the musical episode in Buffy get set for a thoroughly \\"evil\\" time laughing and crying through a series which only gets better as it goes on.  You won't be able to get the songs out of your head once you've watched it!  It's a brand new day...and I highly recommend this film!
0452284937|4.0|This was my first Tracy Chevalier book. I had heard about her for a while and was intrigued to read at least one of her works. I was pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />I won't delve in to specifics of the story as most previous reviewers already have. But I must say it definitely kept my interest and I looked forward to my reading time.  I have not seen the movie, but now I will have to.<br /><br />I found myself having a slightly difficult time getting into the story in the beginning as the characters were established. After the first chapter or so, it was easy going and I was completely involved with the characters.<br /><br />It is not a long book, so it is a good short-term read.  I am going to try another one of Ms. Chevalier's books soon. I hope it is just as good if not better than this one.
B001GQO50I|1.0|Jim said it long ago and he was right.  Basically, the Doors are behaving like bootleggers and decide to issue an unofficial bad sounding boot and announce it as coming 'from first generation copies'. Bull.  The guy who recorded the Doors still have the original master tapes that sound a mile better than what the Doors have issued.  The guy who owns the tapes, did not get any credit and is not seeing a nickel from this release.      So, why paying for something that the Doors got for free when you can also get it for free somewhere else?
B001GV09FS|2.0|I bought this, as I'm sure a lot of people did, thinking that Chiquitita, I Do, I Do and Waterloo would be included. Adding to the confusion is that amazon lists the first two as included in the CD. Don't pay any mind to that. The same eighteen songs are present along with a new DVD, which will probably feature on the movie's DVD release anyway. Buy it if you want but you're getting nothing new.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|With the unbelievable amount of hype, anticipation and unprecedented amount of revenue it made (come on, it was bound to be successful but this much?), it would be easy to label \\"The Dark Knight\\" as one of the most overrated movies of the year. After all, \\"Titanic\\" was the same way and it's directly in the way of this film being the most successful film ever and people haven't exactly been kind to James Cameron's mammoth over time. However, the sequel to \\"Batman Begins\\" is not only one of the best movies based on a comic book but simply a great movie period makes it quite a notable film. With a stellar case, exciting action and one of the most iconic villain performances in all of cinema, you can't exactly go wrong against this film.     One of the central themes explored in the film is the idea of good people trying to live in an imperfect world and the people that are on the extreme sides and those that can move over to the other side. A new criminal has been seen in town, dubbed \\"The Joker\\" and instead of having an evil plot in mind, he just wants to create as much havoc and chaos as possible. Leading the charge against him and the mafia is Harvey Dent, a new District Attorney who's become the image of a hero for the city of Gotham. So much so that Bruce Wayne and his crime-fighting persona Batman might not be needed anymore but like always, not everything goes according to plan.    Known for his mind-bending independent film \\"Memento\\", one would find it a strange choice for Christopher Nolan to being chosen as the director to bring Batman to the screen again after the awful attempts by Joel Schumacher. But while it did have its issues, \\"Batman Begins\\" felt like finally somebody GOT a comic book movie and knew how to not only tell the story well but also deliver the kicks that fans want to see. The sequel expands on this by not only having a lot more ambitious and layered storytelling but more exciting setpieces (the rescue of an armored truck being one) but theflaws, if there are any, are really just nitpicks. Sure the film feels a little long but when everything is so dynamic and intriguing, it doesn't matter all that much to me.    Along with Arnold Schwarzenegger's \\"Terminator\\" role and Sigourney Weaver and \\"Ripley\\", you can pretty much add Heath Ledger's role onto the list as a performance that will become not only iconic and legendary but even imitated and could even bring up imitators and naturally, Halloween costumes. No longer a vaudeville performer like Jack Nicholson's and even moving away from the demented kookiness of Mark Hamill in the animated series, this Joker is menacing, a bit disturbing and every bit as awesome as people make him out to be and wouldn't be surprised if he got nominated and even won. That's not to say that the entire cast is bad either since everyone brings their A game and there isn't that one weak link a la Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes from the first film. In fact, Maggie Gyllenhaal is such a better fit that I kind of lament watching Holmes' blandness when someone better would come later.    But something can't be this perfect, right? Well yeah. The machinations of the planning of capturing criminals and the roundabouts and sleight-of-hand can be a little confusing as so much is needed and like Nolan's previous picture, the twist-laden \\"The Prestige\\", you have to really be on the ball the entire time otherwise you're left out of the loop. And let's face it, as great as he is as Bruce Wayne, his voice as Batman is near awful and you half expect him to start coughing and clearing his throat everytime he speaks. Yeah Batman needs to disguise his voice lest someone puts 2-and-2 together but really, he shouldn't talk like a cave troll.    But the film rightly deserves its praises and it's easy to see why the film generated so much revenue and Ledger's performance will be remembered so. While I wish the special features were a little bit more stacked, this Blu-ray or DVD set makes a perfect purchase, not only for the holidays but any time of the year.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Summer was a busy time for blockbusters, including Iron Man, Wanted, Hellboy 2, and more. But one movie stood above all, and that of course was The Dark Knight. Featuring a great, and somewhat believable story, great charaters, awesome acting, and great action sequences, this movie hit a home-run with critics and fans alike. Even though Heath Ledger passed away before the movie was released, he went out with a BIG BANG! His acting and sense of morality along with just being a plain psychopath (pencil trick, anyone?), threw him leaps and bounds over recent performances on the big screen. Even Christian Bale, Morgan Freeman, and Michael Caine paled in comparison, but still helped create the best superhero movie ever made.<br /><br />What helped this movie achieve even more is the fact that is now out and able to be purchased. Weather you watch The Dark Knight on DVD or Blu-Ray, this is an excellent transfer, and with the movie grossing as high as it did, I expected no less. However, and as always, if you have a Blu-Ray player, that is the way to go. But The Dark Knight is probably the best looking Blu-Ray movie that I have ever watched! Warner Brothers did a great job making the sharpness pop out of the screen, while maintaining the right contrast and tint. In fact, it looks even better than it did on the big screen! Even the extras they give you are all worth checking out, and maybe watching as much as the main movie itself.<br /><br />If you are a Batman fan, or superhero movie fan in general, watch this movie if you haven't already. Everybody involved in this movie did a great job, and truly is one of, if not the best of 2008. Even though he is no longer with us, I know Heath Ledger has to win an award for his top-tier performance!
1401307450|5.0|I had heard by word of mouth this book was good, so I finally picked it up.  What a raw & I assume brutually honest version of his life and the group.  I couldn't put it down over the Thanksgiving weekend.  I find myself telling everyone to read it, great insight and story.  I'm surprised to see he is still alive today!
0920668364|5.0|This is a touching book that is a wonderful read through all the generations.  A grandparent can enjoy this book, but so can a six year old will also and together they can share an intimate moment where they both acknowledge the depth of meaning in the cycle of life.  The illustrations are beautiful and the prose is lovely.  Enjoy!
B000001EXR|3.0|Not a bad album...but feel like I'm listening to Kiss, under the influence of Alice in Chains.  This isn't \\"Kiss music\\" in my opinion.    The \\"Kiss sound\\" was constant and similar from 1973 up until Ace left the band after the Elder album.  Without Ace's basic rock influence and Les Paul/Marshall sound...its not the same Kiss.
0061547840|4.0|I'm not particularly a Donald fan, and I've never seen The Apprentice, but when someone is as famous as Donald Trump, I figure it can't hurt to take a listen to what he has to say.    I loved this book! It was chock-full of entertaining stories, business tips, and irreverent comments. Donald may not be politically correct, but he sure is straight-talking.    I picked up several great tips that will help me in my career:  -Think big (you're thinking anyway -- you might as well think big!)  -You're never defeated until YOU decide you're defeated  -Think positive. It really does work.    I don't agree with his positions on prenups and revenge, but I still enjoyed hearing his opinions.    Zanker's stories were also interesting, though nowhere near as powerful as Trump's. At times, I felt he was stretching to find anecdotes from his life to fit the lessons. All the same, this was a fun and entertaining read, one I'll remember for a long time.
0765348276|5.0|Scalzi has produced a great blend of science fiction and action while keeping the people at the forefront of the story.<br /><br />For me, the human aspect really makes the story as 75 year old from earth leave their lives behind for a vague notion of war and youth. The interaction of the people as they move through processing and into battle is what really makes the story. The author has taken an idea, made it seem plausible and dared you to dream about the possibilities.<br /><br />This is the first book I have ready by John Scalzi, but I will be reading the next two books in the series soon.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0765354063 The Ghost Brigades]]<br />[[ASIN:076535618X The Last Colony]]
0441009425|5.0|This is a stunning first novel.  The sweep of the story covers millions of years, but mainly focuses on a few decades about 500 years in our future.  It's genuine space opera but Reynolds tempers it by respecting the light speed limit and showing how certain kinds of technology might actually make humans more vulnerable, instead of stronger.      I'm going to spare the plot synopsis and write a bit about what I liked (and what some others might not like).  Reynolds is extremely good at what he does.  I happen to enjoy his style, but as you can see from some of the other reviews, not everyone does.      Science is the strong point, as you might expect from a working physicist.  Nothing derails a science fiction novel for me like bad science, or a lack of imagination in how technology will progress and affect human lives.  This novel has no lack of ambition or cleverness in imagining a future technology where microscopic self-replicating/-repairing machines give humans incredible power over their environment (though that power is easily turned against them), and the ability to manipulate spacetime gives them incredibly powerful spaceships that can approach the speed of light (just how the drive technology came about is explained in the first sequel, Redemption Ark).  Humanity has spread across multiple systems and adapated to various new niches: inhabiting only interstellar spaceships running trade routes, living in habitats orbiting Earth-like planets, living in hollowed out comets, or domed settlements on hostile planets.  Many have implanted machines that augment and accelerate consciousness.  There is no faster than light travel.  At least one professional reviewer was disappointed by this and felt it made the story too drawn out and required too much backstory to make the separate plot threads come together at the end.  I disagree - I greatly enjoyed Reynolds's faithful treatment of interstellar travel and how it would affect the plans of ambitious and powerful players.  (And it's made very, very clear that the dozens or hundreds of years it requires for events to play out on an interstellar scale are just an eyeblink compared to galactic history's span, which is actually relevant to the plot.)     Humans in this universe are just as factionalized as we are now, with some of them embracing mind-melding communal thought, others adopting radical alterations to appearance and ethics, and yet others living relatively austere lives in colonies.  We only glimpse a handful of characters, but there is a sense of true diversity in the wider sphere of human expansion.  Some have complained that there was no clear hero, no protagonist.  It's a valid observation but I think it was a valid choice by the author.  The characters are complex.  Most of them have done evil and good.  One of Reynolds's themes is that with greatly expanded mobility, machine-enhanced cognition, and extremely long lifespans (compared to now) humans can and do reinvent themselves, sometimes more than once.  The character Ilia Volyova initially seems evil and destructive.  Perhaps she is capable of evil, but we find out that she is not that simple, and there is the possibility that she might save many of her fellow humans from doom.  Other people have complained that the characters don't have enough depth or realism to make us care.  I think it's slightly different: they weren't intended to be very likeable people.  However, what they are doing is very interesting, and there is enough personality to each character to be able to tell them apart.     One other complaint is the plotting - people feel like there are too many jumps forward and backward in time, to different planets and characters.  There are a lot of those, and it takes careful attention to keep things straight.  I personally feel the effort pays off.      It's not an easy read - it's not that kind of space opera - but it's a rewarding read if you're the right audience for it.  If you like reading about advanced technology and epic events, baffling alien mysteries and flawed but compelling people - go for it.  If, on the other hand, you thought Coyote by Allen Steele was a great novel, you will not enjoy this.
0545128285|4.0|I was a relatively late adoptee to the Harry Potter fanbase, but I have still read the seven volumes in the main series at least once. I go in experienced with the series, although not to the level of fanaticism of other fans. For the comparative record, on Amazon's system, the books would have generally gained a 5/5 rating.    This is probably what one would expect of a J.K. Rowling series of short stories set in the wizarding world. The writing is concise and page turning, and the moralistic stories are relatively straight forward.  The book could be read just as easily by a five-year-old as it is a fifty-year old and the main point of the stories would be just as accessible.    The book contains five stories, and then five commentaries to those stories through Albus Dumbledore's eyes. For the experienced and older HP reader, the commentaries are probably the more interesting of the two portions, though the stories do have their charm as well. The commentaries provide some background to the stories as well as effects in the wizarding world.    The length of the book is a little disappointing. It comes in at just over 100 pages, but considering the large font, the double-spacing, and the introduction/charity notes, it's no more than an hour's read for most readers. It is an enjoyable hour, but a few more stories could have made this seem like a better investment. The actual book has a classic children's book feel, with a hardcover and no slip cover, and it seems extremely durable with little room for wear and tear.     Overall, it will get a 4/5 from me and a recommendation for any HP fan as a Christmas gift (great stocking stuffer at the size and price) or just as a quick read. A good choice for library takeout too, easily able to be finished in one lending period. I would recommend it to a non-HP fan only in the sense of getting a handle of Rowling's writing style to see if the series would be a fit. Otherwise, non-HP fans will gain just as much from a book of classic fairy tales or fables. A few more stories and a second source of commentary may have pushed it to a five.
B0017R5UAA|3.0|The music and the vocals are great on this album, it's somewhat pleasant to listen to, but that being said, it gets old quicker than you'd like.  This is a flashback to the sound of the 60's, which can be all-right, but like most music from that era I can only listen to it for a short while before getting.....bored.  Better bands are Patience Gloria and Sigur Ros.  I'd check them out first.
B0014DZ2VO|4.0|THE QUANTUM OF SOLACE serves well as a sequel to the remake of CASINO ROYALE.  It answers some questions and brings closure to certain subplots.  It also boasts a thrill-a-minute spy-story.  The action is almost a constant with very little of the slowing down and development that brought such great balance to the previous Bond film.  However, Bond's bond with \\"M\\" is a little further developed.  (Sorry, about the pun, but I couldn't find any other way of saying it.)    Critics and fans alike have chastised this film saying it's a Jason Bourne clone.  And I don't know enough about spy thrillers in general to say if it is or isn't.  The fight sequences are super-fast just like the last two Bourne movies.  But BOURNE IDENTITY filmed the fight sequences much differently.  It was more like one take instead of the constant cut.  So for that matter, I agree it is much like the last two Bourne films, but I wish it was more like the first Bourne film.  At least one other scene was way too over-the-top for me.  In the film Bond and Camille bail out of an airplane and after a long free-fall their parachute opens about 20-30 feet off the ground.  And they're fine!    Still, though before CASINO ROYALE I never was much of a James Bond fan, Daniel Craig is the James Bond I've been waiting for.  I hope he will do another, and I look forward to seeing it.  I'd prefer to give it 3.5 stars, so four stars it is.
B001GKYBXA|5.0|Really a departure for Paul.....I can't get enough of it...they've made kind of big deal about the first song...\\"Nothing To Much Out Of Site\\"  But I find it to be my least favorite on the cd....and it aint bad!  The man is a melody machine!!!  Tom Hebbeln
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|I remember the night I saw this film for the first time, I left the theater catching my breath because it was a tour de force for the mind! I am not sure if Heath Ledger surpassed Jack Nicholson as The Joker but he at least equaled him in my opinion!    Aaron Eckhart's performance as Harvey Dent/Two-Face was definitely an improvement from Tommy Lee Jones' version in \\"Batman Forever\\" though to be fair, TLJ had a lousy script to work with! Michael Cane and Morgan Freeman were their usual solid selves as Alfred and Lucus Fox respectively.    The only performances that I thought were just okay were Maggie Gylanhal's performance as Rachel Dawes and Christian Bale himself as Bruce Wayne/Batman! I actually thought Bale was better in \\"Batman Begins\\" and Katie Holmes was better as Rachel in that film as well.    I loved the plot and the way it was just relentless with only a few breaks in the action. The only part that I have a bit of trouble with is the ending. But then again, this is another interpretation of Batman and may not be the Batman we are used to so I will respect what Christopher Nolan has put together.     Other than that, I think this is a great blend of action/drama/adventure but I will say that this Batman adventure might not be suitable for young kids. I know if I had children, they'd have to wait to see that one.     Now, as for the extras on the two-disc set, I purchased the Blu-Ray version and this is what I found:    Disc 1 - The movie itself is on this one. This also has The Dark Knight IMAX scenes that you can watch along with the film or seperately. They are Prologue, Hong Kong, Armored Car Chase, Lamborghini Crash, Prewitt Building and Final Montage.    Disc 2 - I am going to break down what's on here:    Batman Tech - Originally seen during the Summer of 2008 on The History Channel, this special discusses the weapons and technology that makes Batman the comic legend he is and shows which gagets are actually possible in real life!    Batman Unmasked: The Psychology Of The Dark Knight - This was also on The History Channel during the summer and it discusses the psyche of Batman as if he were a real person with both comic writers and psychologists! Batman's enemies such as Two-Face, The Riddler, The Penguin, Catwoman and The Scarecrow are also discussed. Bats' greatest enemy, The Joker, gets his own segment and is discussed as well!    Gotham News - Six segments which are done in the style of newscasts and discusses a lot of things not seen in either Batman Begins or The Dark Knight. It also makes things in TDK a lot clearer as these \\"news segments\\" take place after B.B. and before TDK.    My Blu-Ray experience was crisp and clean! An awesome experience with an awesome movie! The only stories that I ever saw that made me feel like this was the animated feature \\"Batman Beyond: Return Of The Joker\\" and The Passion Of The Christ. When a film can have me that mesmorized and have me nearly out of breath watching, then its a damn good film! High recommendation!
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|I felt like dancing in the aisle and singing along as I watched the movie at the theater and every time I think of the movie and the songs it makes me smile. I laughed alot during the movie and felt really happy as I walked out of the theater. I'm not a critic but I do know what I like and I'm buying the DVD. There aren't enough movies in the world that make us laugh and smile, this is one of them and will be added to my \\"feel good\\" movie collection.
193413712X|5.0|[[ASIN:193413712X Tinkers]]<br />From the first sentance of the first paragraph you will not be able to stop reading this book.  It is a simple story with breathtaking passages that will make you pause to take in what you have read. It is highly descriptive, imaginative and constructed word, by sentance by paragraph into a compelling story about a family through one man's eyes.  All the intergenerational complexities without the baggage.<br />Buy one for yourself, give one to your friends and bring one to your next book club meeting.  You will be able to then say.  I discovered this new writer who is going to be one of the best in the new century.
B001GZ6QC4|3.0|5 STARS for the movie. This is THE GREAT movie of 08. But I'm VERY disappointed in the transfer on the DVD. Muddy picture quality and digiatl artifacts abound. No bonuses what so ever besides the film itself. A modern movie should look much better than this. Warner's quality standards are very poor.  Be warned it is not for young children at all.
B00011F5DK|4.0|This is a fun and challenging game but is best if played with 4 people.  It can be played with fewer people but is not nearly as much fun.  The only downfall is that sometimes people get a little upset when you block them.  Otherwise it's fun and easy to understand.
1416534822|1.0|Unlike Stephen King novels.  I usually get right into his storylines.  I couldn't get past the first few chapters when I just completely gave up.  Maybe the story gets better but it was soooooo boring.  On the basis of the beginning of the book - BORING.  If you can get past that then maybe it gets better, don't know and will never read the rest to find out.
B0015D3Z4O|3.0|I'm just not sure what the angle was for this album? Is she a boxer, a dominatrix, and how does candy tie into everything? I know that her goal was to just create a fun-filled \\"dance\\" album, but this one seemed rushed together.<br /><br />I'm really surprised she actually went on tour for this one because I didn't sense that she authentically cared about any of these songs.<br /><br />\\"4 Minutes\\" was one of my favorite singles that she's released in recent years, but the rest of this album is generic, forgettable, and sometimes even annoying.<br /><br />\\"Voices\\" is a rare gem, and \\"The Devil Wouldn't Recognize You\\" is also very good. \\"Miles Away\\" managed to grown on me and \\"Give It 2 Me\\" became likable thanks to constant play in gay clubs.<br /><br />It's because of those songs that I gave this 3 stars. But the rest? Well, they sounded all about the same and seemed like a desperate plea to reach young audiences.<br /><br />Sorry, Madge.
B00005JM02|4.0|Seller shipped the item promptly.  The only discrepency we had was that the item was advertised as being in \\"very good\\" condition.  However, when the item arrived it was in \\"good\\" condition at best.
B001GQACGO|3.0|Not sure if I'm feeling this one like I felt the others. One of the things that disappointed me was the use of profanity on some of the tracks. Seriously, Beyonce, was it necessary? Not really feeling the seperation in music either with the two disks. Liking the first more than the second. But I will say that Single Ladies and Video Phone are my favorites, and I haven't felt like that since Ring The Alarm dropped last year. Don't know what happened on this one....better luck next time.
B001DCQIAU|5.0|I am stunned at what DG has put into one box here, and I have already recommended it to friends galore.  We have in one box the complete symphonies of Beethoven, Brahms, Tchaikovsky, Schumann, Mendelssohn, and Bruckner, and a selection of the best of Haydn and Mozart.  You can make a very convincing argument that the Beethoven, Bruckner, Mendelssohn, and Schumann sets in this box are the best complete sets ever recorded by anyone.  And the remainder are never anything less than compelling.<br /><br />Let me talk just about two of the sets that I'm most familiar with here, the Beethoven and the Bruckner.  I have always favored Karajan's 1970s Beethoven set, with its exceptional performances of 5, 7, and 9, and excellent performances of the rest, including #6--which is surprising because I don't think this is a symphony Karajan was especially responsive to.  I have not heard his 1950s EMI set, but I've always thought that his 1970s recordings (in general) were Karajan's golden era, and his Beethoven from this period was special.<br /><br />And with regards to the Bruckner set, what more can I add to the tremendous accolades this set has received?  It's the greatest of all time.  I do not think any conductor will ever achieve in a complete cycle what Karajan achieved with this amazing set, of the composer whose music means the most to me of all. I disagree with others' assessments that #2 or #6 are weak links.  In my opinion, #2, and #4-9 are all EXCEPTIONAL performances.  I do not listen to Karajan's #1 because on its own, it's not convincing, but more importantly, because Jochum's #1 with the Berlin Philharmonic is one of those rare \\"definitive\\" performances that makes you not want to hear any others.  And with regards to #3, I don't listen to it because I prefer the unedited original version (which Tintner does best), rather than the most heavily truncated, third version which Karajan records here.  One other comment about this Bruckner set:  The playing of the Berlin Philharmonic has to be heard to be believed.  I have never, ever, heard such consistently incredibly playing in any music.  The orchestral balance is perfect, all the instrumental voices come through, the instrumentalists \\"sing,\\" and this is the orchestra's finest hour ever, in my opinion.  The playing alone is worth the price of admission.<br /><br />If you haven't figured it out by now, I can't recommend this highly enough.
B00006CXSS|5.0|What a deal on this set!  I purchased two sets last Christmas.  One for my husband and the other for my parents.  My parents just loved it so very much.  My dad is a retired SMSGT in the USAF and enjoys watching military movies.  I didn't think I would get into it so much but I was pleasantly surprised.  My husband and I enjoyed it very much as well.  Very moving and well done!
B001GAPC1K|5.0|Get this in the blu ray version.  It looks alot better than the other version and this is great movie.  Everyone in it does a fantastic job<br />that makes this a awesome movie that is everything a blockbuster should be: Entertaining, fine acting, a solid story,  brilliant effects ,<br />and it has characters that are well rounded.  And jeff bridges who makes a fine villian in this story.  He was always underestimated as a actor and this movie lets him create a believable slimy villian who might be working in any organization.  The movies have finally caught up to my old 1960's comic books in their ability to depict great fantasy heroes.
1576754499|5.0|Free-market advocate Paul Polak is an atypical poverty expert. He compellingly argues that handouts do not alleviate poverty and might make it worse. Instead, he insists, the true solution to poverty lies in unleashing the poor's entrepreneurial power. Polak says successful entrepreneurs like him are the ones who can help the poor make more money. His company designs cheap water pumps and irrigation systems that sell for a profit while helping subsistence farmers make more money. Although he frequently repeats the same points, Polak's treatise is a lively read. getAbstract recommends Polak's point of view to readers who seek a contrary - and practical - perspective on the problem of global poverty.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|What a great movie with a perfect ballance of action and story that does not seem overbearing in any asspect.  Would deffenilty reccomend to buy and watch over and over.
B00011F5DK|5.0|This is a great game! Our 10 year old boy, 12 year old girl and my husband all like the game, but I think my husband and I like it best. The kids don't quite get the strategy, but they still enjoy playing. My husband and I would play it over and over again, though. So, I would say this is good for kids and great for adults.
0060245867|1.0|This story revolves around a mouse who demands ever-increasing amounts of consumer items from an ever-increasingly exasperated boy.  Cute pictures hide a terrible message of selfishness and class warfare boiling beneath American society.  The whole book devolves into a crude political cartoon, where the boy symbolizes an innocent and hard-working tax payer while the mouse typifies a vile depiction of how the wealthy (or at least those who perceive themselves as wealthy) view the poor and needy.  While the boy gives more and more to the mouse the mouse in turn asks more and more of the boy.  It paints the situation as unjust and the mouse having little reason to ask for these handouts.    Terrible book.  Don't read it to your kids.
B0018CWEYY|2.0|OK, first of all, I thoroughly love the show itself, but I'm reviewing the packaging of this season. FOUR episodes with audio commentary???????  Four out of an already short 14 episode???????    I WILL NOT preorder the next seasons, if I wanted the episodes themselves, I'd go to the ABC online episode viewer.  I was paying for the extra stuff.  Previous seasons had a lot more audio commentary and that's what I was expecting.  Silly me.
B001GQACGO|3.0|I don't know why many have a problem with Beyonce's latest. The \\"I Am\\" disc is a little boring for me. I like the \\"Sasha Fierce\\" side. Yes, it's mostly the same Pop/R&B sound, but it sounds good, and that's what sells. My favorite songs are:<br /><br />1. Ego (Jazzy, soulful sound. Haven't heard a song like this before)<br /><br />2. Video Phone (Pure club/dance jam)<br /><br />3. Diva (Controversial! Club music. But she has every right to be a diva!)<br /><br />4. Single Ladies (When I first heard this on BET with her video, I LOVED the video but did not like the song. When you listen to it with earphones, instead of hearing it on the TV or radio, it sounds better. Now I actually like it)
B000UO4F8E|2.0|I first watched Saw III as the regular version on DVD..  I recently watched it on the Directors Cut.  Everything is the same until the ending.  and the ending for SAW is always the most important.  in the Regular version DVD or Saw III the ending was SWEET.  in the directors cut the ending was Terrible.  If you enjoy the SAW movies, make sure you do NOT get the Directors cut.  It will ruin all of SAW III..  ONLY get the Regular Version and maybe the Unrated, im ordering the Unrated now so i can see if it has the Good ending, or the crap ending.  The rated version is the best so far.   Its all about the endings in SAW.  so Avoid the Directors Cut. It destroys the ending.
B000ZTMXVA|5.0|This review is for the Heritage Press edition of Travels with a Donkey in slipcase dated 1957.    Stevenson's journey in 1878 into the remote Cevennes mountains of France is remembered - not simply for his complicated relationship with his donkey Modestine - but because the trip yielded an important book in the history of travel writing in general, and outdoor literature in particular.    A charming book from Heritage, small but not too delicate, bound in nubby burlap with a light green slipcase.    Illustrator Duvoisin spent a whole summer in the Cevennes, sketching and photographing in order to prepare for the formal work of illustrating the book. Something like 35 black and white and 15 color illustrations appear in the book.    With an introductory letter by Stevenson and and introduction by Andrew Chamson. 154 pp.
B0000024IE|5.0|I really hate rap nowadays. It's the same \\"LOOK YALL IM SO GANGSTA I GOT MA MONEY AND BITCHEZ AND HOEZ\\" stuff. But back in the 1990s, there was one rap band who made very true political statements and had songs with meaning: Public Enemy.<br /><br />This is a fantastic album, and I'm surprised I'm saying that. This contains great, catchy beats, very interesting lyrics, and a good message. It does take a nation of millions to hold these brothas back!<br /><br />Like I mentioned: this has excellent lyrics. Very metaphorical and meaningful. A few examples:<br /><br />WELCOME TO THE TERRORDOME<br /><br />\\"Crucifixion ain't no fiction<br />So called chosen frozen<br />Apology made to who ever pleases<br />Still they got me like Jesus<br />I rather sing, bring, think reminisce<br />'Bout a brother while I'm in sync<br />Every brother ain't a brother cause a color<br />Just as well could be undercover<br />Backstabbed, grabbed a flag<br />From the back of the lab<br />Told a Rab get off the rag<br />Sad to say I got sold down the river<br />Still some quiver when I deliver<br />Never to say I never know or had a clue<br />Word was heard, plus hard on the boulevard<br />Lies, scandalizin', basin'<br />Traits of hate who's celebratin' with satan??\\"<br /><br />911 IS A JOKE (funny song):<br />\\"Everyday they don't never come correct<br />You can ask my man right here with the broken neck<br />He's a witness to the job never bein' done<br />He would've been in full in 8 9-11<br />Was a joke 'cause they always jokin'<br />They the token to your life when it's croakin'<br />They need to be in a pawn shop on a<br />911 is a joke we don't want 'em<br />I call a cab 'cause a cab will come quicker<br />The doctors huddle up and call a flea flicker<br />The reason that I say that 'cause they<br />Flick you off like fleas<br />They be laughin' at ya while you're crawlin' on your knees<br />And to the strength so go the length<br />Thinkin' you are first when you really are tenth<br />You better wake up and smell the real flavor<br />Cause 911 is a fake life saver\\"<br /><br />POWER TO THE PEOPLE:<br />\\"Let's get it together make a nation<br />You can bet on it, don't sleep on it<br />'Cause the troops cold jeepin' it pumpin<br />(Power to the people)<br />Turn us loose we shall overcome<br />They say where you get that bass from<br />Hey ohh people, people as we continue on<br />Come along, sings this song, are you ready for '91<br />Rhythm nation pump that bass an<br />We like to know from Chicago, New York and LA<br />Are y'all ready, cause the plans in the jam\\"<br /><br />Anyways, this is a fantastic album and one of the few rap albums I can actually listen to.ep on it  'Cause the troops cold jeepin' it pumpin  (Power to the people)  Turn us loose we shall overcome  They say where you get that bass from  Hey ohh people, people as we continue on  Come along, sings this song, are you ready for '91  Rhythm nation pump that bass an  We like to know from Chicago, New York and LA  Are y'all ready, cause the plans in the jam\\"    Anyways, this is a fantastic album and one of the few rap albums I can actually listen to.
B000OKWPZE|5.0|This review is for the Heritage Press edition of Travels with a Donkey in slipcase dated 1957.    Stevenson's journey in 1878 into the remote Cevennes mountains of France is remembered - not simply for his complicated relationship with his donkey Modestine - but because the trip yielded an important book in the history of travel writing in general, and outdoor literature in particular.    A charming book from Heritage, small but not too delicate, bound in nubby burlap with a light green slipcase.    Illustrator Duvoisin spent a whole summer in the Cevennes, sketching and photographing in order to prepare for the formal work of illustrating the book. Something like 35 black and white and 15 color illustrations appear in the book.    With an introductory letter by Stevenson and and introduction by Andrew Chamson. 154 pp.
1577312082|5.0|You must get the audiobook and put it on your MP3 player. I listen to it almost everyday for the past five months and I always hear something new or should I say, I am finally present to something that I never heard before. It is for the seeker in all of us and don't be suprised if you become a finder in the process. I recommend this for someone who is having a crisis in their life of any sort, who has had a crisis, or knows someone who has had a crisis and not for someone who thinks everything is just great.
B000MT2IV8|5.0|This review is for the Heritage Press edition of Travels with a Donkey in slipcase dated 1957.    Stevenson's journey in 1878 into the remote Cevennes mountains of France is remembered - not simply for his complicated relationship with his donkey Modestine - but because the trip yielded an important book in the history of travel writing in general, and outdoor literature in particular.    A charming book from Heritage, small but not too delicate, bound in nubby burlap with a light green slipcase.    Illustrator Duvoisin spent a whole summer in the Cevennes, sketching and photographing in order to prepare for the formal work of illustrating the book. Something like 35 black and white and 15 color illustrations appear in the book.    With an introductory letter by Stevenson and and introduction by Andrew Chamson. 154 pp.
B001EYGOG0|5.0|Purchased Swingin Christmas on 12.09.08. Classic Bennett. He still has that powerful voice. If you like big bands, and the great Bennett voice, this is for you. I disagree with the reviewer who said his voice is not up to par. I feel just the opposite. This is one of the best Christmas CDs in my collection.
B0010ZTL9K|5.0|This review is for the Heritage Press edition of Travels with a Donkey in slipcase dated 1957.    Stevenson's journey in 1878 into the remote Cevennes mountains of France is remembered - not simply for his complicated relationship with his donkey Modestine - but because the trip yielded an important book in the history of travel writing in general, and outdoor literature in particular.    A charming book from Heritage, small but not too delicate, bound in nubby burlap with a light green slipcase.    Illustrator Duvoisin spent a whole summer in the Cevennes, sketching and photographing in order to prepare for the formal work of illustrating the book. Something like 35 black and white and 15 color illustrations appear in the book.    With an introductory letter by Stevenson and and introduction by Andrew Chamson. 154 pp.
0545128285|5.0|In The Tales of Beedle the Bard, JK Rowling returns to the world of Harry Potter. Though the tales themselves do not have characters from the series, the terms and style of writing will be familiar to fans of her previous books.<br /><br />The tales themselves range from simple and good hearted to a tad gruesome - notably \\"The Warlock's Hairy Heart.\\" \\"The Tale of the Three Brothers\\" is of course already known to readers of the series.<br /><br />Those tales are entertaining enough, but what truly makes the book enjoyable is the commentary after each story. Presented as notes from Albus Dumbledore, those take the reader further into the rich backstory that Rowling has created for her world.<br /><br />An interesting addition to the commentary are a few footnotes from JKR herself - given as if she were interacting with the characters on a direct basis. So with that in place, you have several levels of hierarchy for the authorship of the book - from the \\"original\\" Beedle, the \\"translation\\" by Hermione Granger, the \\"commentary\\" by Dumbledore supplemented by additional \\"notes\\" by Rowling.<br /><br />Certainly entertaining, this quick read has the added bonus of benefiting a very worthy children's charitable organization.
B001KHZHJG|5.0|This review is for the Heritage Press edition of Travels with a Donkey in slipcase dated 1957.    Stevenson's journey in 1878 into the remote Cevennes mountains of France is remembered - not simply for his complicated relationship with his donkey Modestine - but because the trip yielded an important book in the history of travel writing in general, and outdoor literature in particular.    A charming book from Heritage, small but not too delicate, bound in nubby burlap with a light green slipcase.    Illustrator Duvoisin spent a whole summer in the Cevennes, sketching and photographing in order to prepare for the formal work of illustrating the book. Something like 35 black and white and 15 color illustrations appear in the book.    With an introductory letter by Stevenson and and introduction by Andrew Chamson. 154 pp.
B001EN71CW|2.0|I love the series but this Blu-ray looks terrible! The worse BR i have looked at, so far. It has an insane amount of film-grain effect added to it. I am sure they thought it made it look grittier, but c'mon! This extra noise makes the compression look poor (because image noise kills compression algorithms.) Using an Oppo player on the original DVD's gives me a better viewing experience and only a bit less detail. If you want to squeeze every bit of detail out of the image, get them; if not, stick to the DVD set and use a good DVD player with HD scaler (like the amazing Oppo!)
B000YC0C02|5.0|This review is for the Heritage Press edition of Travels with a Donkey in slipcase dated 1957.    Stevenson's journey in 1878 into the remote Cevennes mountains of France is remembered - not simply for his complicated relationship with his donkey Modestine - but because the trip yielded an important book in the history of travel writing in general, and outdoor literature in particular.    A charming book from Heritage, small but not too delicate, bound in nubby burlap with a light green slipcase.    Illustrator Duvoisin spent a whole summer in the Cevennes, sketching and photographing in order to prepare for the formal work of illustrating the book. Something like 35 black and white and 15 color illustrations appear in the book.    With an introductory letter by Stevenson and and introduction by Andrew Chamson. 154 pp.
0312360266|2.0|i bought this book because I thought it would be suspenseful like twilight. But clearly, it wasn't. I forced myself to read the book mainly because i spent money on it. Dont waste ur time with this book!
B0012HIVMY|5.0|This review is for the Heritage Press edition of Travels with a Donkey in slipcase dated 1957.<br /><br />Stevenson's journey in 1878 into the remote Cevennes mountains of France is remembered - not simply for his complicated relationship with his donkey Modestine - but because the trip yielded an important book in the history of travel writing in general, and outdoor literature in particular.<br /><br />A charming book from Heritage, small but not too delicate, bound in nubby burlap with a light green slipcase.<br /><br />Illustrator Duvoisin spent a whole summer in the Cevennes, sketching and photographing in order to prepare for the formal work of illustrating the book. Something like 35 black and white and 15 color illustrations appear in the book.<br /><br />With an introductory letter by Stevenson and and introduction by Andrew Chamson. 154 pp.
B001GQACGE|1.0|With the exception of Erika Badu's New Amerykah CD that came out earlier this year, this was absolutely horrible!  Beyonce should stick to what she does best, which is booty-popping type songs, because she really CAN'T sing ballads.  Mariah Carey, Jennifer Hudson or even Whitney Houston at this point, she is NOT!  Everything sounds the same, even the upbeat club songs sound just like the ones on B-day.  How many songs can you make singing oh oh oh!!!!  Give me a break and get some new material.  Better yet, grab Kellie and Michelle (she was horrible in Chicago's version of The Color Purple) and start over!!  They could use a little DESTINY right about now!!
B001E75QGG|1.0|As much as I (have)liked Harrison Ford, this film just goes to prove that action stars do get old.  Keep your dollars, if you absolutely must see it, just rent it.
0143034901|3.0|Reading The Shadow of the Wind was both rewarding and frustrating.  Rewarding since the writing is so wonderful (Lucia Graves, the translator, did an outstanding job).  The setting of post-Spanish Civil War Barcelona was very exotic, and the characters were nicely drawn, esp. the eccentric ones that reminds you a lot of Dickens's eccentrics.  You cannot read this book and not be impressed by the ability of this writer.<br /><br />Having said this, however, the plot is rather weak, full of B-movie plot points such as crisscrossed lovers, unrequited love, celestially beautiful aristocratic girls, brother-sister incest, and shameless cheats (at one point, the narrator tells the reader, \\"I'll be dead in 7 days,\\" and then doesn't die due to a ridiculously transparent plot contrivance).  And after you finish figuring out the mystery behind the mystery, you'd be liable to say, \\"Is that all?!\\"  I really wanted a plot that was up to the writing--like say, the plot in Caleb Carr's The Alienist--but instead the best Carlos Ruiz Zafon could come up with is this pseudo-Harlequin-Romance dreck.<br /><br />So . . . a mixed bag.  I enjoyed the novel and so therefore shall give it a 3- instead of a 2-star review.  Read and savor the novel's descriptions, turn your brains off when \\"appreciating\\" the telenovela plot.
B000OONQ9O|5.0|The high-definition Blu-Ray cut of this movie has been changed to include a new intro, comic-book overlays/dissolves and comic-book like scene transitions, which quite frankly ruin the film for me. It takes you out of the film, giving it a fairy tale quality rather than a simple gritty gang war in the 70s. I don't know if this is just the \\"Ultimate Director's Cut\\" that has these changes, but I know for certain that the Blu-Ray release has them so I assume it affects all ultimate director's cut releases. If you want to enjoy this classic film from the 1970s, you're better off with the 2001 release DVD.
B0000CDL93|3.0|As someone who experienced the assassination of President Kennedy as an 11 year old, I found myself rather engrossed in Oliver Stone's JFK.  I knew more about the assassination than the later trial in New Orleans.  Frankly, that whole episode seemed like a political side show.  However, I'm glad to have found out more about Garrison's investigation.  My own personal opinion of the assassination was that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone.  The surge of conspiracy books and theories was overwhelming in the years after 1963.  I recall an earlier film that I believe was titled \\"Executive Action\\" which starred, among others, Robert Ryan and Burt Lancaster.  An impressive part of that film was the closing list of all the people directly or indirectly involved in the investigation who had died under unusual circumstances.  Frankly, it was the enormity of those who believed in a conspiracy that gave me the greatest assurance that there was none.  After all, how would you keep such an elaborate scheme such a secret over so many decades?  People eventually talk and the theory that those who knew were eliminated ignored the presumed fact that this would merely end up involving more and more people.      As a practical person, I found myself caught in between my self-assurance and the suspenseful creation of the conspiracy in \\"JFK\\".  I decided, for the sake of art appreciation, to just let myself enjoy the movie...and I did.  My one objection to the movie was the depiction of Garrison's family life.  It slowed down the movie, distracted us from the suspense, and unnecessarily made a bigger hero out of Jim Garrison than the movie required.  If it were all true then what did his homelife matter?      \\"JFK\\" excels because even non-believers can set reality aside and enjoy an excellent suspenseful drama.  The acting, directing, writing etc is all very well done.    As a side light to \\"JFK\\", the next movie I watched was \\"The Paralax View\\".  I had no idea that I was watching essentiallythe same political assassination theme.  This one went out of its' way to be out on the fringe.  It's concept of assassination for assasination's sake made me realize that Oliver Stone knew that the greater the dose of reality, the more engrossing the suspense.  I got to thinking that too much of this sort of movie could be a bad thing.  As a public service, I offer the suggestion of watching \\"The Conversation\\" as an antidote.
0307383415|5.0|I purchased the book on CD read by President Elect Obama.  I could not have made a better decision.  The book is well written and holds you from beginning to end.  Having read it, I have a greater appreciation for the work that God is doing in the life of this young man and the lives that will be touched while he is on his journey.  As an Afrikan female, the book made my longing for a piece of my own history more of a passion for me.  I highly recommend the book.
1843106698|5.0|With kind and thoughtful words, Tony Attwood has removed an unbearable burden from my heart.  My son aged 32, was recently diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome.  Mr. Attwood's book cannot retrieve or relieve my son's childhood, but he does help us see a brighter future.
B00139W3NE|3.0|I generally liked the beginning of this film that had a premise that all humans have their own \\"demons\\".  Demons grow as the soul of their owners grows.  They are also the opposite sex of their human counterparts (i.e. girl would have a male demon and vice versa) and take animal form.  In the beggining young adults have spirit that is free and uncompromising; but the local \\"ministry\\" wants them to obey and conform unconditionally.  So this is a universal battle of good and evil in its psychological form.  There is also a metaphysical component of the movie where narrator mentions parallel universe and people form the parallel world that are connected by the universal \\"dust\\". I liked the fact that the main character of the film is a girl - that premise gives some hope to humanity of this little made up universe.  Also the visual effects are great.  Most \\"demons\\" are such fantastic animals full of personality and charm.  cast is definitely superior, but by the middle of the film - story starts to fade and becomes boring.  It is probably a moment where reading the book would be more interesting than watching this story unfold.  I cannot tell you how this film ends because, unfortunately I fell asleep at the end of it. Younger audiences amy find it more difficult to follow since most actors (young and old) have very strong (australian) accents.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|suffers the same sort of crap given to the 2-disc special editions of \\"I Am Legend\\" and \\"Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix\\".  There are only two documentaries, not even 30 minutes in total.  The most intriguing one for me was one devoted solely to Hans Zimmer's composition of \\"Why So Serious?\\", the nine minute Nine Inch Nails-like song, \\"anthem\\" or \\"theme\\" for the Joker.  The other is an entertaining look more at the physical aspects of the costumes and the Batpod and such.<br /><br />There's absolutely no insight into the making of the movie, the sort of things Heath Ledger went through to get into the role of the Joker, a memorial for Heath Ledger, designing such things as the Joker's face and Harvey Dent's \\"Two-Face\\" face.  I would have loved to see a documentary devoted solely to designing Two-Face's injury, and the complexities that would have been involved in getting the CG eye to move with Eckhart's real eye flawlessly.<br /><br />No deleted scenes either, and I already felt that we didn't get anywhere near enough of the Joker already.<br /><br />A questionable addition is the inclusion of several movie scenes and sequences filmed in Imax format included on the DVD.  From my view, the only difference in Imax is that its resolution is apparently far more gigantic than normal DVD.  Unfortunately for me, I don't own a gigantic screen, and I usually don't watch it on screens larger than 20 inches, so this is a useless addition for me.<br /><br />I don't yet throw this into the \\"waste of money, eff you studio\\" category yet because it does include six episodes of \\"Gotham Tonight\\" fictional news segments on the movie.  They don't seem too boring, but all together it seems like it would be enough content to spare a second disc to include.<br /><br />However, in totality (made up word?  Maybe), this \\"special\\" edition is not very \\"special\\", and gives us no insight into the film or its production beyond the two documentaries listed.  There's not even director commentary, a heavy disappointment for me after the great commentary track Christopher Nolan did for \\"Memento\\".<br /><br />I already reviewed this movie (under the DVD version) but I must review the Blu Ray specs:<br /><br />The picture quality is indeed an immense improvement, to a degree that I wonder if they intentionally \\"sabotaged\\" the DVD's picture quality just to get people to buy the Blu Ray.<br /><br />The Blu Ray is immediately a superior choice due to extra features not included in the DVD version.<br /><br />The video does indeed switch from 2:4:1 to 1:78:1 at random intervals (as in some of the widescreen shots fill the entire screen of a widescreen TV, whereas others widen it further so as to leave black bars).  This is the result of some scenes being Imax included into the full film.  This is in no way as distracting as you would think.<br /><br />Most important to recognize: This Blu Ray version does not have a main menu.  Nuh uh, uh huh, nope.  There is no main menu.  It starts the movie immediately.  I don't know about most Blu Ray players, but mine has a \\"Pop-up Menu\\" button, so I can use that.  It has a pop-up menu you bring up during the movie (though you can pause the movie from the menu) to access special features or other scenes or audio controls.<br /><br />Final comparison:<br /><br />The DVD is definitely better suited for the more \\"stable\\" viewing, in that it has a main menu to go to and access everything directly, and the screen's resolution stays the same size all throughout.<br /><br />The Blu Ray is definitely better suited for higher picture quality, though it could certainly jar some people with the constant switches from the two variations on widescreen.  The special features are the same as in the DVD version, and have a bonus documentary and bonus features via BD Live.me after the great commentary track Christopher Nolan did for \\"Memento\\".            I already reviewed this movie (under the DVD version) but I must review the Blu Ray specs:    The picture quality is indeed an immense improvement, to a degree that I wonder if they intentionally \\"sabotaged\\" the DVD's picture quality just to get people to buy the Blu Ray.    The Blu Ray is immediately a superior choice due to extra features not included in the DVD version.    The video does indeed switch from 2:4:1 to 1:78:1 at random intervals (as in some of the widescreen shots fill the entire screen of a widescreen TV, whereas others widen it further so as to leave black bars).  This is the result of some scenes being Imax included into the full film.  This is in no way as distracting as you would think.        Most important to recognize: This Blu Ray version does not have a main menu.  Nuh uh, uh huh, nope.  There is no main menu.  It starts the movie immediately.  I don't know about most Blu Ray players, but mine has a \\"Pop-up Menu\\" button, so I can use that.  It has a pop-up menu you bring up during the movie (though you can pause the movie from the menu) to access special features or other scenes or audio controls.      Final comparison:      The DVD is definitely better suited for the more \\"stable\\" viewing, in that it has a main menu to go to and access everything directly, and the screen's resolution stays the same size all throughout.    The Blu Ray is definitely better suited for higher picture quality, though it could certainly jar some people with the constant switches from the two variations on widescreen.  The special features are the same as in the DVD version, and have a bonus documentary and bonus features via BD Live.
0575081406|5.0|Thanks, Pat!    Love this book. Reads very quickly, which is not so good considering the fact that I didn't want it to end.    A lot of fun, well told, engaging characters, and a cool storyline. What more do you want? It's not overly intricate, but it's not at all simplistic or elementary. It's like the baby bear's porridge, juuuust right.    For any fiction reader, not just fantasy. My wife is not a fantasy person...at all. Period.  She blew through this book. Loved it.    Can't wait for more.    Oh yeah, and the author is a cool dude.  Check out his website...Pat's Blog is way cool.    Pros: Tons of awesomeness (I'm in my 30's, don't know why I'm surfer dude today????)    Cons: It's over and the new one isn't ready...    Worth the cost of admission and the time it takes to read.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|If one were to try and describe each Pixar movie with one word, I would describe Wall-E with the word \\"soul\\".  No other animated movie, and few movies overall, come so close to describing the human condition as this one, and yet most of the major characters are not even human.  I first saw this movie in the theaters, and now own the DVD.  A careful watch of this movie reveals scene after scene that capture and expresses various facets of the human condition.  For example, take Wall-E's care of his pet cockroach; his finding twinkies for him to sleep are oddly reminiscent of the care many humans take of their dogs and cats.  Compare this with the condescension the Axiom's autopilot has of the ship's captain.  The power behind the throne, Pixar style!  Another revealing persona is M-O, the small cleaning robot.  I look at him, and reminisce about that one guy in the office who's always stuck refilling the printer paper, and instead of throwing away old printouts by other people, carefully stacks them by name besides the printer.  Or take Wall-E's courtship of EVE.  There have been many movies about the guy from the wrong side of the tracks hooking up with the girl from the right side, but surely none as innovative as this one, with as many ooh's and aah's.  Maybe the best is the portrayal of the future.  Probably no other movie so captures mankind's future as this movie, and for an American-made movie, Wall-E portrays the future of the world in which the American culture of consumerism and corporate-sponsored governance has become dominant.  Notice the fact that Buy N Large's CEO also happens to the last President of the world.  Could this be a take of George W. Bush?  Or maybe humanity's escape from a world it destroyed.  Could the world portrayed in Wall-E be be the equivalent of inner-city Detroit's destruction by neglect writ large oversaw by a people who'd rather satisfy their personal desires than their society's health.  Few other movies have provided such a strong yet nuanced criticism of modern society as this CGI masterpiece.  For those who say modern Hollywood does not produce great movies that are also great works of art, I recommend they watch this triumph by Pixar.  This is a must for any DVD collection.
B000063JZQ|4.0|Mr. Youchum's Senior English Class.    This film adaptation of William Shakespeare's timeless tragedy, Macbeth, has been crafted in such way as to transform the ancient text into a movie that flows and progresses with such ease that even the most outspoken of Shakespearean critics will come to enjoy it.  Each individual element is portrayed crystal clear as the playwright would have wanted.  The darkness and violence shown in the play is perfectly captured in the film and does justice to the original motifs and thematics.  Such an example are the witches, shown so evil and conniving in the film that the viewer can't help but feel as if the written work were the sole screenplay for the movie.  It is very much refreshing to see a film adaptation match it's creative origin so closely in the age of hollywood blockbusters that strip books of their original context and power.  Well done to the filmmakers for capturing Shakespeare's true intentions with Macbeth.
B000009MF7|5.0|This is an exceptional disc; Zimerman's phrasing, clarity and control is unbeatable, his complete grasp of the idiom and coloring are without peers. In fact, this is in most - if not all - respects perfect Ravel playing. I am actually hard pressed to find anything whatsoever to criticize (or anything less than perfect) in Zimerman's approach to the G major concerto. It's lucid, balanced, note-perfect (but not mechanical). Quite simply unbeatable. The left-hand concerto is on a similar level, although - just maybe - not as playful as one could imaginably desire.    Boulez and the Cleveland Orchestra furthermore provide the best possible partners, and the same artistic virtues that characterize Zimerman's playing in the concertos are eminently present in the Valses nobles. So is the recording - clear, dynamic and beautiful. In short, as close as you'll ever get to a perfect disc.
031606792X|5.0|I loved the way that she ended this series... I've actually read this last book several times... loved it!!!!
B001GZ6QDS|3.0|Don't get me wrong on the 3 star rating, I love this movie.  The reason I knocked it down is because the special edition version is a total waste of money.  I could never have imagined such a total lack of effort for such a major movie as this when it comes to special features.  Hell, there isn't even a director's commentary on the single disk version, so what do you think you're getting on the second disk.  Yes, the two little documentaries are interesting, but are not worth the extra money.  I am extremely disappointed in whoever put this thing together, my copy of Dr. Strangelove from the 1960s has more special features than this, what were they thinking.
B001GKO45K|5.0|Set aside your preconceptions, notions of political correctness, kick back with some nachos and enjoy the spectacle, pageantry, patriotism and just plain ole unmitigated evil of a bygone era. Yes, this is the \\"documentary\\" of the events of the Sixth Nuremberg Nazi Party Congress in 1934, featuring a cast of thousands, mind blowing special effects, and show stopping musical numbers, as well as (of course) Hitler, Himmler, Goebbels, Hess, Goering and assorted other Nazi superstars of the day. Get caught up in the wackiness as Hitler and Goebbels lead the German people around like neutered sheep on thorazine with an economy artificially over-inflated by military spending, appeals to mean-spirited patriotism and pathological xenophobia, and cheap military victories against third-rate opponents. The brilliant camera work and editing ratchet up the tension incrementally from the opening marches and speeches to the closing speeches and marches, creating a yearning and semi-religious awe for the realization of the full spectrum dominance of Nazi ideology. The legendary cinematic genius Leni Riefenstahl creates in the viewer an irresistible excitement over the images of mindless obedience to patently psychotic leaders and vulgar nationalistic narcissistic myopia. But politics aside, one can't help but admire the energy and skill that went into this classic; the sweeping vision, the epiphanic insight and the joy of marching along in human herds. In most versions, the \\"I'll See You In Poland, Baby\\" musical climax number has been left out of the final cut, but \\"Triumph of the Will\\" still pays off in sheer entertainment value despite the cliff-hanger ending.
B001FBSMW6|5.0|I really think that this is their best album so far. For all of you that don't think so, listen to it again... give it at least three tries and you will see what Keane did this time. They are seriously growing up and getting through their \\"prettiness\\" (don't get me wrong I was fine with their prettiness), but their lyrics have so much more meaning. Those are not love songs any more. In addition, you have songs like Perfect Symmetry, Better Than This (my personal favorite) or Love Is The End that express Keane's musical genius. They really made it count this time.
1932100385|5.0|This is a wonderful reference to back up the claim that we should be eating a predominantly plant-based diet.
1401923119|5.0|Finally, science to back what many healers and Buddhists have been saying for decades.  Perhaps spirituality will soon not be seen as strange and foreign, but a normal course of life.
078324228X|4.0|Please don't get me wrong with this review.  I am not trying to troll Denzel or this movie.  But face the facts: Carter is guilty.  That's all there is to it.  This movie greatly distorts the truth and greatly embellishes a lot of his, how do you say, \\"better qualities\\".  That being said, however, the film is still enjoyable to watch.  If you ignore the complete inaccuracies in the film and treat it as a fictional film instead of a movie mostly based on the truth then I find that you might enjoy it more.    Like I said, it's a great movie with good lessons, but it's just a shame that they glorify a murderer.  The film itself is very solid, but I give it four stars simply for the fact that they are completely outrageous in their dramatic license.  I know that every film uses dramatic license to an extent, but this was just ridiculous.    This review sounds negative, but I don't mean it to be.  I just wanted to warn people that what they are seeing is not the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
1594200823|4.0|I loved how the author took you step by step through the problems in today's food industry and spelled out why you can't just go to the store, buy food, and think that your decisions not only impact your health, but the environment as well.  If we want America to be healthy, we must be more conscious of our eating habits and decisions.
B001FSDOZO|1.0|Howdy folks! I LOVE rock n roll more than most people do and I just wanted to say that Ive been a Dedicated Nickelback fan since the days when they used to play for 5 bucks at the local high school :) But anywho, Nickelback definitely deserve to be in the rock n roll hall of fame... they have been pumping out GREAT albums , 1 after another, for over a decade! I think Nickelback has done more for rock music than any of those old junkie bands from the 60s and 70s...  Remember folks, support Nickelback, and avoid stupid bands like AC/DC , Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Jimi Hendrix, Boston, The Eagles, Kiss, Bob Seger, Dire Straits, Cheap Trick, and Santana!!!!!!
B001GKJ2E8|2.0|Ok.     I knew that this was an R rated movie, I new that it was going to be violent and I new that it had was supposed to have sexual content. But I had no idea that it was going to be a mindless flick so overwhelmed by vulgarity. With the big name stars packed into this movie and the amazing special effects I expected more.    Question...    Why did it have to be so vulgar? Why did it have the senseless sex scenes which had no bearing upon the plot of the movie?     Answer...    This movie is another reminder of the sewer pipe running out of modern day Hollywood. What I was assaulted with completely ruined the entire movie. Any entertaining parts were overwhelmed by the foul language and graphic sex. I am by no means a prude and will drop the \\"F\\" bomb from time to time. Hey I've been in the military for almost 20 years... but I have a mind. I have intelligence. I have standards. I have a since of morality.    Listen up you Hollywood hacks... I am not stupid. I demand intelligent entertainment for my hard earned money. I do not want this rampant immorality and mindless crap that passes for movies today. Go ahead and strike.... Who the heck cares.... With this sewer line garbage you call art/acting or what ever you care to name it, you will not be missed. The people who pay the millions to fund your projects and over inflated egos will not stand much longer for this garbage you are producing. Go on and strike and use the time to rethink your life and try to figure out what happened to the talent that made Hollywood famous.
006051048X|5.0|Please note that this product is the AUDIO version of the Coraline chapter book. I enjoyed reading the book, and have given it a five-star review under the book version. Listening to the CD read by the author, Neil Gaiman (GAY-MIN) was delightful. It is a story that is really meant to be read aloud, after all. I won't repeat the review of the story, or the book itself (the first three reviewers here did an excellent job), just want to add my voice about the CD version. Mr. Gaiman has a great voice--his English accent is charming, too, but not too many Briticisms to confuse those of us on this side of the pond. The tone of the reading is interesting but not overdone. It was fun to get to HEAR the mice chorus of voices doing their weird songs, too!    Recommended.
B00009N83Y|5.0|I'm not sure what people expected of this movie, but if you forget about who the actors are in this movie and just watch it for fun, it's a hoot!  Sure, the plot's a little thin, but it's a comedy, who cares.  Enjoy, it's fun and funny.
B001KO3FFW|5.0|I love every song on this album, I really didn't know what to expect especially after reading the reviews from several critics but Cook didn't disappoint me at all. Each song tells a different story, raw, honest and emotional, and his voice is simply awesome. Permanent is one of my favorites, an emotional ballad he wrote about his brother Adam. I've been listening to this album over and over since I bought it and trust me, it does not get old :) Buy it now people!! :p
B001F2W4Y2|5.0|The only new fans this album will bring will be people who were not already familiar with AC/DC, which at this point is probably limited to children under the age of 8. Anyone who appreciates AC/DC for the classic hard rocking bar band they are will love this album. Most of the less successful AC/DC albums (Flick of the Switch and Fly On the Wall, for example) still had great songs, they were just lost in the terrible production. This album has great songs and the best production since Mutt Lange was at the helm. While I personally liked Ballbreaker, I think this is a much better album than Stiff Upper Lip. I think that album was forced, and that may be why they took the long break before this one. Whatever the case, they're back, and this album rocks!
0956010903|5.0|This is by far the most money I've ever spent on one book, but it is well worth it if you're a Harry Potter fanatic!       Not only are you supporting a wonderful charity, you are receiving something special and unique.  The prints, the case, the little velvet bag, the book itself, and the notes from Dumbledore all add up to create a very cool experience.  And of course, the stories are a delight to read.      Overall, this adds a terrific dimension to the Harry Potter series, provides new insights for \\"The Deathly Hallows,\\" and is just plain fun.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Director Christopher Nolan and star Christian Bale continue to keep the Batman franchise strong in the highly anticipated summer blockbuster \\"The Dark Knight\\". With the help of Lieutenant James Gordon (Gary Oldman) and District Attorney Harvey Dent (Aaron Eckhart), Batman (Bale) seeks to take down organized crime in Gotham City. Batman soon finds himself facing a psychopathic criminal mastermind known only as the Joker (Heath Ledger) who unleashes a wave of terror that plunges Gotham City into fear and chaos. \\"The Dark Knight\\" is a thrilling and fully engrossing comic book spectacle that ranks as one of the best films of 2008. With its well crafted storyline, serious tone and strong moral dilemmas, director Christopher Nolan delivers an exciting thrill ride that truly redefines the standards of the comic book movie. The action sequences and visual effects are excellent. Christian Bale and Heath Ledger give memorable performances. The cast also includes Maggie Gyllenhaal, Eric Roberts, Nestor Carbonell, Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine.<br /><br />Warner Bros. certainly put some effort in the Blu-Ray release of \\"The Dark Knight\\". The 2008 record-setting comic book blockbuster is presented in its theatrical 2.40:1 anamorphic widescreen format. The picture quality is truly exceptional. This is one great looking Blu-Ray. Its 5.1 Dolby TrueHD sound is very dynamic. \\"Gotham Uncovered: Creation of a Scene\\" is an extensive behind-the-scenes featurette that offers abundant information in the development of the movie. Other special features include two in-depth featurettes, six short clips of the fictional newscast \\"Tonight in Gotham\\", picture galleries, theatrical trailers and TV spots. Though an audio commentary track would have been a good addition, \\"The Dark Knight\\" really shines on Blu-Ray and scores an \\"A\\".
0142412147|3.0|To get into the holiday spirit, I just read Let It Snow, a collection of three holiday romance stories.  Though technically romance stories, they are actually really funny and would appeal to some guys as well.  Each of the three stories centers on one town where a train has been stopped on Christmas Eve due to a terrible snowstorm.     The first story is about a girl who was going to Florida on the train, but got stranded in this small town.  At the Waffle House she meets a guy who invites her to spend Christmas with his Jewish family.    The second story is about three friends who are trying to make their way through the snow to the Waffle House for hashbrowns and cheerleaders...     The third story follows a girl who spends her holidays heartbroken after breaking up with her boyfriend and then having him stand her up when she tried to apologize.  Characters and places in all three stories intersect.    Though I enjoyed the stories, they were really \\"winter stories\\" rather than holiday.  Didnt get me into the holiday mood, but I did have fun and a few laughs reading the book. Recommended for ages 13 and up.
B000P12LWY|5.0|Captivating.  Enjoy watching over and over again.  Can't wait for second season to arrive.
1401302378|4.0|This book is a must-read for everyone who wants to understand<br />how the internet has changed our economy since 2000 and the change<br />it will cause in the dacades to come.<br /><br />The Long Tail explains why everyone today can be producer of music, videos<br />and books. The internet as a new distribution media opens new opportunities in lots of market niches. This is for me the conclusion of this book.<br /><br />This book gives also insight into following e-commerce<br />companies and websites:<br /><br />Google<br />Rhapsody<br />Netflix<br />Amazon<br />Itunes<br />Ebay<br />Wikipedia<br />Lulu.com<br />technorait.com<br /><br />The above mentioned sites are compared to conventional (bricks and mortals) shops:<br /><br />Wal Mart<br />Britania encyclpedia<br />Barnes & Nobles<br />Tower Record
B000TZUSOY|5.0|The black, white and pink neo-film noir cover of this album does an excellent job of representing the prevailing mood within. Smoky, subtle and supremely hip, tenor saxophonist Ike Quebec's swan song BOSSA NOVA SOUL SAMBA is as classy a session as you can get - and you get it beautifully on this expanded and remastered edition.<br />  Quebec's mini-comeback on Blue Note Records, for whom he recorded five truly superb albums in 1961 and '62 while slowly losing his battle against the cancer which would kill him in January 1963, is one of those happy accidents made all the happier by its tragic brevity. Chances are the great player would be all but lost to the sands of time had he not rejoined the BN roster in 1959; and the label would never have produced some of the finest music of what was unquestionably its finest era.<br />  BNSS is the final piece of this short but significant association, and like all of Quebec's other sets of the period it benefits from a spare and innovative backing, an inspired solution of original and covered material and above all the vast emotional expanse of the leader's famously \\"big\\" sound. With Kenny Burrell on guitar and Willie Bobo at the drums, Ike was well-equipped to take on the bossa nova craze and the inspired performances here, individual and collective, do nothing less than create a gorgeous little world for three quarters of an hour - one we are fortunate indeed to have preserved on tape. Bassist Wendell Marshall and BN house percussionist Garvin Masseaux, heard here on chekere, acquit themselves equally well. This is possibly the essential late night album and even superior, in my own opinion, to the previous year's duly celebrated BLUE and SENTIMENTAL.<br />  The relative brevity of most of BNSS's cuts is undoubtedly one of the sources of its strength. Tight, tasteful workouts - nine of them, compared to the more usual six or seven, as well as three alternate takes - force the best from Ike and his sidemen in efficient fashion. The atmosphere, however, though ceaselessly tweaked, never slips. Make no mistake: this is the sort of date that distinguishes the best from the merely great, and anyone with the least interest in mood music - or in moods, period - is urged to add it to his or her Christmas list.The atmosphere, however, though ceaselessly tweaked, never slips. Make no mistake: this is the sort of date that distinguishes the best from the merely great, and anyone with the least interest in mood music - or in moods, period - is urged to add it to his or her Christmas list.
B000ADWDF2|4.0|The debriefing and psychological evaluation of returning prisoners of war<br />seems entirely lacking in the Danish army.<br />A Danish major is held prisoner for months in near isolation and<br />made to do things he has trouble living with.<br />The resulting disaster when he is turned loose on his unsuspecting family<br />is heartbreaking.<br />The acting is very good and the script nails the return of the dead angle.<br />Those who are easy to disturb or get too emotionally involved in a plot<br />shouldn't see this film.
0545128285|4.0|I always (probably because this book's release date was pushed back several times) felt that JK Rowling was rather rushed to get this book out. And, reading it, I get that feeling even more. There are five short, but entertaining moralistic fairy tale-like stories. Would've made a great book if there were 10-20 more. After each story is a little commentary by \\"Albus Dumbledore\\". Although I find the Dumbledore yarnings interesting - as they relate to the Harry Potter series - and entertaining, they seemed like \\"filler\\" to stretch out a really short book. Still, I really enjoyed this...really quite funny as well... just wish there were more. All the proceeds go towards helping less fortunate children, it's a decent price.... it's all good.
B001EYGOG0|5.0|This just may be the perfect CD to pop in during the holiday season when half of your family is still arguing about the Presidential election and you can feel those tensions rising.    Because, as we know...not everyone likes creamed onions or mashed rutabagas on the holiday dinner table, but *everyone* loves Tony Bennett!    This is just a lovely Christmas CD that will appeal to everyone who will be celebrating the holidays with you.    It rocks, it swings in that Basie way, and I'm quite sure you'll be pulling this one out well after the holidays are over.    Enjoy it!
B00018D3RI|5.0|Starsky and Hutch Is My Favorite alltime show.That was Back when people knew how to make tv shows.
1400082773|5.0|Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance is the recounting of his life up until the time just before he began law school. It covers the time he spent community organizing. It is an honest riveting account written in a descriptive entertaining writing style. Thoroughly enjoyable, this book gives great insight into the man and his actions.
B001GQACGO|5.0|I am very impressed with the album.  The vocals on disc one are unmatched by any of the contemporary popular female artists of today.  I especially like Halo, Disappear, Ave Maria, If I Were A Boy, and Broken-Hearted Girl.  In my opinion, the first disc is beautiful and relaxing.  On the second disc I like Single Ladies, Ego, Sweet Dreams, Radio, and Scared of Lonely.  I've listed almost every song and its rare to find an album that has that many tunes that you like to listen to over and over.  It's hard to compare the album to her others because I think it's so different from the first two.  This one is more experimental and is more diverse.  As a person who enjoys several genres of music, I love all of the directions the album takes you in.  It comes back to the vocals though and I feel that disc one displays Beyonce's vocal abilities more than any of her previous recordings.  Great Job!
0385340567|4.0|The center of gravity for the reviews on this one - currently at 2.5 stars - is just off. I was shocked - shocked, I tell ya - to see the fairly low rating when I went to post this one.<br /><br />As long as Jack Reacher doesn't jump the shark on us, it's at least three stars right out of the shoot and \\"Nothing to Lose\\" was fully entertaining as Reacher uncovers the layers of evil in Despair, Colorado. I will take a star off for sheer suspense being a bit watered-down. But that's only by comparison with others in this series. Other than that, a terrific thriller, tightly plotted.<br /><br />Everything else is here. The girl. The impossible odds. The coffee. The mathematical analysis. The goon. The relentless mind. And no question about who will win. Reacher is a stretch. He's got one foot on solid ground and one in fantasyland. He's out-sized. He's too good, too smart, too sharp, too strong, too tough, too calculating, too moral, too loving, too scarred, too inscrutable and, on top of everything else, he's too good at absorbing caffeine. Who doesn't want to be with him? Who doesn't want to see what mountain is next to climb. I loved the way \\"Nothing to Lose\\" started out--simple, quiet and serene--and built into an almost James Bond finish in the rain and the mud and impossible hurdles to surmount. Once you grow used to Child's comma-loathing style of writing, you have to admire how the little bricks of prose add up to a solid and sometimes over-the-top lean style of descriptiveness. The pleasant little redundancies: \\"Nothing was missing. Everything was there.\\" The fun, noir-ish moments: \\"It was the middle of the night in the middle of nowhere.\\" The useful volumes of trivia about mechanisms or technology, in this case some interesting stuff about how cell phones relay and how many seconds the process takes.<br /><br />Don't read too much about the plot in other reviews, just let it unfold straight from the page to you.
0439023483|5.0|Young adult novels have always had a dark side, so to speak; a sub-genre that eschews peer pressure and turbulent relationships for death, despair, and destruction. This is not a recent trend. For every [[ASIN:142151883X Death Note]] you find today, you can find an equally disturbing [[ASIN:B000WN33YA Z for Zachariah]]. While much of today's dark teen novels lean towards the supernatural, you will occasionally find one that ventures into more classical science fiction territory. Suzanne Collin's newest YA novel, The Hunger Games, does so quite successfully. The setting is grim and oppressive, the characters are desperate and hopeless, and the specter of death hangs over every page. And every page will drag the reader eagerly to the next.<br /><br />Strong and positive female leads are important in young adult novels, and The Hunger Games has the perfect hero in Katniss Everdeen. She is tough, resolute, intelligent, and able. Yet, she still struggles with the same confused feelings and emotions that young girls need to cope with, even when not fighting to the death in a government sponsored reality show/snuff film. As she struggles to survive the deadly prime-time death match she has been unfairly thrust into, she deal not only with these typical teenage dilemmas, but also greater issues concerning government, society, morality, and honor.<br /><br />All of this might seem like a lot for one book to handle, but Hunger Games manages to do so without coming off too preachy or instructional. Granted, the Hunger Games themselves (which are very reminiscent of previous books like Stephen King's [[ASIN:0451197968 The Running Man]], or Koushun Takami's manga series [[ASIN:156931778X Battle Royale]]), as well as the post-apocalyptic dictatorship Panem that holds the event, might not hold up under the scrutiny that hardcore science-fiction novels sometimes demand. But for a young adult science-fantasy novel like this, demanding one-hundred-percent social-political realism seems a tad unfair. What matters is that the characters and setting support the characters and subject matter, and manage to do so with the captivating suspense of any mainstream paperback thriller.What matters is that the characters and setting support the characters and subject matter, and manage to do so with the captivating suspense of any mainstream paperback thriller.
B001GZ6QDS|1.0|This is by no means a review of the MOVIE itself, this is a review of the packaging of the movie.  The movie would rate 5 stars no sweat and Heath Ledger's Joker easily finds a spot in my top 5 movie villians.  Unless you need a digital copy of the movie, there is NO reason to waste the extra $$$ for this movie.  Stick w/the single disc version.  There is no film maker or cast commentary, no deleted or extended scenes and the documentaries included are really lackluster.  For all the box office, why so chintzy here? Why include IMAX footage, i don't know anyone that has IMAX capabilities in their home, let alone the glasses to make it work.  The gotham city news episodes, you're kidding right? If they're staying away from the behind the scenes stuff out of respect to Mr. Ledger's family, fine, but don't rip off the fans that launched this movie into the stratosphere.  This is a blatant gouging of the fans to capitalize on the holiday rush and par for course from Warner Brothers, who have gotten better w/the Harry Potter stuff, but still are a little clueless when it comes to their bonus dvd packaging.
B001GZ6QDS|2.0|Okay, I didn't actually fly, that opener was just to impress the girls. Actually, I had way too much popcorn and Pepsi before the movie and my stupid cousin got mad because I wouldn't share. He shoved me off my buttery seat and into a rapid backflip and I landed on my neck. But I've always been publicity-shrewd, so when the entire audience, including the ushers, cheered and formed lines for my autograph, I naturally signed my name \\"Val Kilmer\\". I later told my mom that I had slept through nine-tenths of the movie. It was so dark and long!<br />The Dark Knight (Two-Disc Special Edition), unlike the motion picture, is no landmark release. One of my disks was cracked, and in an effort to fix it, I went through a tube of epoxy and a half a bottle of Windex and then had to have my stomach pumped. I have an old, wood paneled TV (isn't that crazy?) and had a bit of trouble with the horizontal hold when the Joker made his grand entrance. That guy really hopped.<br />Although the packaging is mediocre, I was surprised to find a set of bat ears inside, but was crushed when my dad came home drunk and took them away from me and told me to shut up about it. When it arrived in the mail, my dvd case appeared to have been tampered with. There was no plastic wrap and I found a small brown curly hair in the crack of the damaged disk. Stuck to the case was a note that read, \\"Just forget it, kid\\". (I've called and called about exchanging it with no luck. Wal-Mart has terrible customer service.)<br />I'm hoping for a new [insert dvd title] for Christmas.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|One of the great movies of all time.  A great cast and performance by Heath Ledger that should earn him an Oscar.
0553801503|3.0|I have read this novel, it is merely ok. It took me 3 attempts to get through it. The gem of it is the story line with the female knight, if you can find it among the hundreds of story lines he maintains in a single novel. Mr. Martin's greatest strength, interweaving multiple story lines into a complete story is also his greatest flaw. There is too much. To many threads in the tapestry, and too many of those threads get cut too quickly. I can understand going for realism, but realistically, this is a fantasy story. We don't read such books for realism, we want a fairy tale. If I want a realistic depiction of the War of Roses or the Hundred Years was, I can go to my library and get hundreds of novels on the subject. Mr. Martin needs to read The Hero with a Thousand Faces by Joseph Campbell and remember what a STORY is all about.<br /><br />He has lost sight of his own story and become too aware of his own success and apparent greatness. I am seriously considering not reading any more of his stuff. He has gone the way of Lucas and Star Wars. I understand that it is his story to tell, but he has shared that with us, given it away(for $25 bucks a pop, but still given it away) for the world to share. It is not just his anymore, it is ours.<br /><br />Someone needs to tell him to stop parading around the county on book tour after book tour, after speaking engagment like some strutting peacock and write the next book already. Otherwise I won't be the only fan he loses.
B001ACH4DS|3.0|I think David Cook has a great voice andcan sing a wonderful song.  The problem for me is the sameness of the songs on this cd.  I like Dave Matthews band and Melissa Etheridge, in part, because they have a variety of styles. They are never boring.  I think David Cook has the ability to grow and vary his style.  I just hope he chooses to do so.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|I will admit, I am one of those who hated The Strokes, despite really giving them a chance.  After hearing \\"Someday\\" on the radio...I had to give in.  Prior to hearing this single, I went to see Weezer, where The Strokes were scheduled to open.  At the time, I was stoked that they canceled so I didn't have to sit through them.  Now...I am very bitter with myself and the circumstances.    With that said...I enjoyed the first album.  I was excited for Room On Fire to be released.  The moment I popped into my car stereo, I fell in love. \\"Under Control\\" was such a pleasant suprise.  I love Julian's crooning.  Every other song is fun and upbeat.     To me, this is essential pop rock.  I'm not an 80's New York post-punk fan by any means, so the comparisons mean nothing to me.  I am a huge Head Automatica fan, though.  If you are also a fan of Head Automatica (and not soley a fan of Daryl Palumbo), do yourself a favor and buy this album.
B001GZ6QEC|2.0|If it weren't for the fact that this movie was so amazing, this DVD would have received 1 star. In addition, some Focus Points were very very interesting. However the overall extras and special features were extremely dissapointing. I'm sure most people bought this movie hoping to see some tribute to Heath Ledger's amazing turn as the Joker, infused with perhaps some of Bale's own thoughts on returning to this role and how he felt facing this new enemy, and the rest of the cast coming back for a 2nd run.<br /><br />Not to mention, I was also hoping to see some features regarding Nolan's own personal thoughts on re-creating the two villians which have been very differently portrayed before, and some narration perhaps on why he chose these two villians or this particular darkness,<br /><br />Instead, we get a whole bunch of NOTHING. Just a non-stop parade of psychologists and comic historians going on and on about the history of Batman and the internal struggles of the characters as if we were listening in on a therapy session. SOOOOO not worth the price if not for the fact that this movie was so brilliant.<br /><br />Very dissapointed.
0060765798|5.0|My students and I read this as a \\"just for fun\\" class novel. WE ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT!  The multiple voices really made the story come alive.  It felt like we were actually in a theatre. I have this entire series on audio; this one is tremendously superior.  While all have voice performers, the others are merely \\"read\\" in comparison; this one is \\"acted.\\"  We read along with a lot of audio books in my classroom; it is very effective for accommodating multiple learning styles.  I received the greatest student response and more positive feedback regarding this audio book than any other (and we have read some phenomenal books).  The only problem I had was that it was SO FUNNY that I had to repeatedly remind my students that we had to \\"laugh respectfully\\" so we did not disturb our neighboring classroom; that's actually a compliment to the awesomeness to this recording.  I utterly captivated a classroom of co-ed fifth graders.  I wish the other book in this series were equally as superbly, fantabulously terrific.
B001GZ6QC4|4.0|Has anyone noticed that the \\"Batman\\" movies are a perfect mirror of the social mood at their release dates?  If you watch them, in sequence, you will get a clear picture of the changing social climate of mainstream America over the last few years. And it looks like times are pretty grim at this point, folks, judging by the weighty darkness of \\"Dark Knight.\\"  This last offering is brilliantly directed, of course, no question.  I was unimpressed with the audio, as there were times when the dialog was not completely understandable.  This was very minor, and probably overlooked by most viewers, since the action was all-consuming and overpowering (in true tradition of the comic book genre). The outstanding acting was a very pleasant surprise, the best to date so far in the \\"Batman\\" series. This movie HAS to be viewed two or three times to truly appreciate how good it really is.     And the Joker?  Well, he really SCARED me...and that was no joke. This is not your father's Joker, to be sure!!! While the character was uber-well-developed and impressively acted by Ledger, he just wasn't the \\"Joker.\\"  He was more the \\"Bizarre Schitzo.\\"  Nitpicking aside, he was a perfect fit for the script, and it all works. So I will try to lay my comic book down, stop comparing, and just enjoy this exceptional film again...and again...
B001CDLATE|5.0|Looks fantastic in HDTV, and if you have the 120hz option, even better. Hard to believe this was shot almost 15 years ago! Looks amazing. A must own.
0670020745|5.0|I'm still early in the book, but it is fascinating to hear from a stroke survivor what was going on, what she perceived, how her brain was functioning, and how others responded to her.    I believe it would be a great read for anyone who encounters or may encounter stroke - for potential patients, a guide to what it can feel like.  For caregivers and counselors, a guide to how patients perceive.  Her statements, \\"I'm a wounded animal, not a stupid one\\" and \\"I'm not deaf!  Slow down, enunciate\\" really bring her reaction home.
B001FSDOZO|1.0|I previewed this CD from the local library. When the first song's subject is about oral sex, you know it's time for the band to start looking for new material. Geez, Chad & Company! That's the best you've got? I listened to the rest of the CD and found nothing outstanding or worthy of further attention. This isn't rock-n-roll or metal or (fill in the blank). It's four junior high school guys standing behind the gym smoking cigarettes, testing out the latest swear word, thinking they are cool. Chad, dude, you don't sing with any feeling. (Perhaps you are singing with something in YOUR mouth?) Your technique is a \\"one trick pony\\": heard it once, unique; heard it through a whole series of albums, roll my eyes and move on. BORING!! I listened to the previous releases, too. Same old story. YAWN....    This CD is \\"wooden\\" as in dead, stiff, not living, beyond revival. The biggest rock band in the U.S.? Yeah, sure, and so was Boy George at one time. There's no accounting for taste with some folks.
B001EL6EH2|4.0|Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, C  Aspect ratio: 1.37:1  VC-1 BD-25 / Advanced Profile 3  Running time: 1:42:34  Movie size: 15,49 GB  Disc size: 24,28 GB  Total bit rate: 20.15 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 17.92 Mbps    Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             French          192 kbps        1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             Spanish         192 kbps        1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbps    Subtitles: English SDH / French / Spanish  Number of chapters: 32    Disc 1  ******    Introduction  Audio Commentaries  Documentary: Bacall on Bogart (SD - 90 minutes)  TV Special: A Tribute to Casablanca (SD - 30 minutes)  Featurette: The Children Remember (SD - 12 minutes)  Deleted Scenes (SD - 12 minutes)  TV Excerpt (18 minutes)  Audio Archive  Production Research Gallery (SD)  Theatrical Trailers (SD)  Collectible Packaging    Disc 2 - DVD Single layer disc  ******    Documentary: Jack L. Warner: The Last Mogul (SD - 104 minutes)
B00000G2V4|4.0|These Are Special Times is one hour, eight minutes, and eighteen seconds and was released on October 30, 1998. These Are Special Times reached #1 on the U.S. Billboard Top Holiday Albums and #2 on the U.S. Billboard 200 Album chart and has since gone 5x Platinum. These Are Special Times is at best a decent cassette. Two of the songs are duets: The Prayer with Andrea Bocelli and I'm Your Angels with R. Kelly. The last song on side two is completely in French; Les cloches du hameau; whatever that means. So unless you understand French, good luck in trying to figure out what she is singing. I didn't think it was a bad cassette, nor is it a great one either. These Are Special Times by Celine Dion gets a B+.    Side One  Thirty-five minutes and eighteen seconds    O Holy Night  Don't Save It All for Christmas Day  Blue Christmas  Another Year Has Gone By  The Magic of Christmas Day (God Bless Us Everyone)  Ave Maria  Adeste Fideles (O Come All Ye Faithful)  The Christmas Song    Side Two  Thirty-three minutes    The Prayer (with Andrea Bocelli)  #70 U.S. Billboard Hot Singles  #32 U.S. Billboard Hot Digital Songs  #29 U.S. Billboard Hot Digital Tracks  #50 U.S. Billboard Pop 100  Brahms' Lullaby  Christmas Eve  These Are the Special Times  Happy Xmas (War Is Over)  I'm Your Angel (with R. Kelly)  #1 U.S. Billboard Hot Singles (six weeks at #1)  #1 U.S. Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks (twelve weeks at #1)  #28 U.S. Billboard Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks  #2 U.S. Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Sales  #5 U.S. Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks  #17 U.S. Billboard Top 40 Mainstream  #21 U.S. Billboard Top 40 Tracks  #1 U.S. Billboard ARC Weekly Top 40  Feliz Navidad  Les cloches du hameau
0792839730|5.0|Based on the Ryan book, Richard Attenborough's epic war movie is the largest of it's kind since THE LONGEST DAY.  However, this was a totally different chapter from WWII with vastly different results.  Operation Market Garden, an ill-conceived Bernard Law Montgomery plan to seize the bridges leading into the industrial Ruhr Valley of Germany by using paratroopers to take and hold the bridge for British armor that would smash it's way into Germany.  No one realized that two SS Panzer divisions had been placed in the area for R&R before the intended battle with Patton's 3rd Army.  Great cast: Sean Connery, Michael Caine, Laurence Olivier, James Caan, Dirk Bogarde, Anthony Hopkins, and many others.
0956010903|5.0|I actually planned to sell this as soon as I got it. I had buyer's remorse. Being a single mom, I really can't afford a $100 a few weeks before Christmas. So I was either going to return it or sell it. Well, it came today and instantly, I knew I couldn't let it go! I wanted to keep it, but couldn't afford it. My mother saw it and told me to just keep \\"the damn thing...its beautiful\\". I told her I need to spend that $100 on my daughter, not me. So she handed me a $100 and told me \\"Merry Christmas, now keep it.\\"  As all the other 5 star reviewers said, the book feels like it was plucked right out of the novel/movies. The attention to detail is amazing! I am very glad I own it!
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|I usually scribble out a few thousand words for the bulk of my reviews, but I really don't feel it necessary for this film. I'll try to be brief.<br /><br />I'll be honest and admit that several times during the film, I considered that it wasn't as good as the first film, but then the longer it progressed, the more I began to wonder if I was being dragged into a bear-trap device against my will. What I mean was that, somewhere, I suspected that something darker was going on below the surface, which wasn't obvious - which is a good thing, because by the time the ending wrapped up I got that incredibly overwhelmed sensation of tingling run down my spine like a chill realizing that I - only now, fully understood. And I think that was the way it was meant to be grasped. I also think that's what a lot of other folks saw in this film as well.<br /><br />Watching, I wondered what a lot of the elements had to do with each other, why did we have to wrap up business with `The Scarecrow', why did they have to keep mentioning `Falconi' and his influence, why did Bale's Batman now seem completely detached, emotionally void and at times robotic? Why were some of the fight scenes `rough' and lacking flair, looking too much like a `real' fight scene? Why was Bale growling his dialogue and now gaunt, unlike the fleshy faced Bale of `Begins' and `The Prestige'?<br /><br />Then as everything came to a close, again, I understood. I understood just what was going on with the actual development of the character and not just artificial development that comes off as trite, like Tony Stark sobering up from a long night of partying, no ... nothing like that at all. This was actual real, flesh and bones story-telling of some of the best caliber.<br /><br />Christopher Nolan goes against the grain by offering up something as grand as this in a serialized, comic-book action movie and making something vastly superior to a lot of other `dramatic' films in the market. With an intensely obscene budget of $185 million, the film pulls no punches.<br /><br />But maybe like Gordon said, maybe this is the Batman that's needed for these times and in this circumstance. Not a hero, but a protector, a guardian ... a dark knight.<br /><br />Some are upset, again, that Christopher Nolan fails to deliver a Director's Commentary, but I don't think he ever will. I firmly believe `The Prestige' is a modern day masterpiece much in the same line as Blade Runner, and we were left dangling without a commentary on that, I didn't expect to see one here, but I guess a lot of other people did.<br /><br />Last -- The Blu-Ray version of this movie is everything that modern technology have it hyped up to be. The image is superior and superb. The sound is magnificent, devilish and crisp. And if you're not satisfied, adjust your set or your receiver because it seems no expense was spared in the mastering of this product. It's the pinnacle of viewing at this point.<br /><br />... ...pulls no punches.    But maybe like Gordon said, maybe this is the Batman that's needed for these times and in this circumstance. Not a hero, but a protector, a guardian ... a dark knight.    Some are upset, again, that Christopher Nolan fails to deliver a Director's Commentary, but I don't think he ever will. I firmly believe `The Prestige' is a modern day masterpiece much in the same line as Blade Runner, and we were left dangling without a commentary on that, I didn't expect to see one here, but I guess a lot of other people did.    Last -- The Blu-Ray version of this movie is everything that modern technology have it hyped up to be. The image is superior and superb. The sound is magnificent, devilish and crisp. And if you're not satisfied, adjust your set or your receiver because it seems no expense was spared in the mastering of this product. It's the pinnacle of viewing at this point.    ... ...
0743289412|1.0|I've been an avid fan of King's work from the start, but it seems to me that he may be running out of creative inspiration.  His last books have been less masterful than the earlier ones and this one is just awful.  It's the only Stephen King book that went straight to the Goodwill box instead of being lined up with all the others on their own special bookshelf. Let's hope he gets himself together before the next one comes out.
B00004XPPC|5.0|Col. Saito, commandant of the work camp in the Burmese jungle, doesn't particularly like the English.  According to him, they have dishonored themselves by surrendering,  \\"I hate the British!\\" he screams.<br /><br />Saito hates them but finds himself in the difficult and humiliating position of needing the stiff-necked Colonel Nicholson's assistance to build his train track and his bridge.  He threatens and tries to break Nicholson, all to no available.  Nicholson would literally prefer death to compromising on his principles.  His principles?  That officers not work along with enlisted personnel.  Officers are for leadership and command not menial labor.<br /><br />Without Nicholson's cooperation, Saito will fail, his bridge will not be built and he will be obliged to commit suicide.  Saito blinks and gives Nicholson what he demands.  Nicholson and many of his officers and men--in an effort to maintain discipline and purpose--throw themselves fully into the project and build a bridge far better than the Japanese ever would have.  Nicholson has, in fact, become an unwitting collaborator with the Japanese.  Nicholson is a heroic figure but his courage doesn't mitigate the fact that he is helping the enemy.<br /><br />'Bridge on the River Kwai' is a terrific film.  It was adapted from the book by Pierre Boulle...a man who, himself, wasn't in love with the British...as a matter of fact, he may have detested the Brits as much as his character, Saito.  To Boulle, Nicholson is the archetypal British colonial officer, brave, stubborn and arrogant in equal measure.  His attitudes are those of colonialism...the White Man's Burden and all that.  This is not the way Lean formats this film but, nevertheless, both the book and movie are terrific.<br /><br />Ron Braithwaite, author of novels--\\"Skull Rack\\" and \\"Hummingbird God\\"--on the Spanish Conquest of Mexico
0545128285|5.0|The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a most welcome addition to the Harry Potter universe. The collection of children's stories was introduced in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows when Dumbledore bequeaths his copy of the book to Hermione. Only one of the five tales - \\"The Tale of the Three Brothers\\" -  figures prominently in Deathly Hallows. Beedle's tales makes the third book mentioned in the Harry Potter series that's been published separately (the first two volumes are Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and Quidditch Through the Ages). More than the school texts, these five tales bring some extra depth and richness to J. K. Rowling's fictional world. Reading the book feels a bit like holding a relic from another time. The style and tone of the tales immediately recall classic fairy tales, particularly reminiscent of the Brothers Grimm since like the Grimm stories, Beedle's stories don't shy away from a little violence. Reading Dumbledore's insightful commentary after each story reminded me of the Folk & Fairy Tales class I took in college (only in that class, Bruno Bettelheim's commentary replaced Dumbledore's *wink*). I also loved J. K. Rowling's selected illustrations included in the standard edition. Not only do they reveal her talent as an artist, but they help give this book a different \\"feel.\\" As a reader of the American editions of Harry Potter, Mary GrandPre's illustrations played a critical role in forming my view of Harry's universe. Rowling's illustrations for Beedle's tales set this book apart just enough that it genuinely feels like it comes from a different time within that magical world. This little book is an incredibly fast read, but as is the case with the Potter books, it leaves this reader wanting even more. I'm still hoping that Rowling will eventually write Hogwarts, A History.
1592289444|5.0|I've given this book 5 stars not because I regard the story as totally true but because it is entertaining.  I don't know whether the author did any of these things or not but a Rhodesian friend told me that the author is a cook in London and was never in the Gulag.  Me, I simply don't know.  I do know, however, that the story is a terrific yarn even if some of the details strain credulity.  The ordeals thru snows, deserts and over the Himalayas to India don't seem literally possible.<br /><br />Like another reviewer I am an outdoorsman and it's difficult to understand how weakened bodies could tolerate 25% of these things.  By the way, I've spent some time in the Gobi and never saw anything like the plague of snakes the author describes.  As a matter of fact, although I saw abundant wildlife, I never spotted a snake despite the fact that the weather was perfect for them.<br /><br />Another reviewer has compared this story...unfavorably...with the 'true' story of the Shakelton expedition told in the page-turner, 'Endurance'.  I'm even skeptical of some of the 'Endurance' details.  Shakelton's men supposedly survived weeks on the Anarctic ice sleeping in constantly wet sleeping bags.  Iron men and wooden ships.  I think I would have died miserably in only one night in a wet sleeping bag during a blue-cold Antarctic night.<br /><br />Ron Braithwaite, author of novels, 'Skull Rack' and 'Hummingbird God'--on the Spanish Conquest of Mexico
B00144VBBS|5.0|Lots of great songs on here, easy to play over and over and remains enjoyable.
0545128285|5.0|This is a charming book of fables, all held together by the spine of Rowling's code of values: bigotry of any kind is stupid (and doesn't pay); courage and kindness, on the other hand, pay off in every way conceivable.     The commentary by Albus Dumbledore is very clever, as are Rowling's explanations for those immersed too deeply in the muggle world.     But I read it in 40 minutes. And while I'll go back and revisit these again, the price tag is a bit steep for 40 minutes of pleasure, which would enact the dreaded one star penalty.    I understand that when Rowling wrote it, she didn't necessarily see it becoming this final product. But once it became a book with a large audience and a reasonably hefty price, it could have been expanded/enriched.     Still it's such a worthy cause...I put the star back.     I guess I really like J.K. Rowling's values more than anything else.
0545128285|3.0|The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a 2008 book written and illustrated by J. K. Rowling. Set in the Harry Potter world (although it features none of these characters), it includes five fairy tales about witches and wizards. These are nothing special, and some are blatant adaptations of old fairy tales. This is hardly enough to make a book, so Rowling has added Professor Dumbledore's commentary (which is just as long or longer than the stories) following each tale. This is an attempt to humorously add moral and sociopolitical significance to these stories. This doesn't work as well as it should have, in large part because it doesn't feel tongue-in-cheek enough. Rowling did the illustrations here herself, but she's no great artist, to put it kindly.<br /><br />The cumulative effect of this is the distinct feeling that Rowling thinks very highly of herself, and can do whatever she wants. Which she has done, and by doing so created a very so-so work. It's remarkably short, too - yes, it's 100 pages, but that includes illustrations, double-spacing (at least) and vast margins. Most people will read this entire book in 30 to 60 minutes. It's not for the tiniest children, either - Rowling uses an adult vocabulary, and several of the stories are fairly violent (much like many classic Grimm tales).<br /><br />Proceeds from the sale of this book benefit Rowling's charity, the Children's High Level Group. Which is well and good, but the way Rowling has written her introduction, the reader might well think this charity is fictional.<br /><br />Ultimately, on many levels, The Tales of Beedle the Bard is nothing short of mediocre.
B001B7CNXI|1.0|In the classic John Candy/Steve Martin flick \\"Planes, Trains and Automobiles\\", John Candy's character says \\"Love isn't a big enough word\\" to describe how he feels about his late wife.    Well \\"SUCK\\" ain't a big enough word to describe this gawdawful bomb from hell.
0061438294|4.0|I enjoyed this book very much. It gives you a perspective on certain key signs that we all do daily to what is going through our mind. Although the author clearly states what he has learned is not 100% accurate, a good portion is VERY accurate. I was with friends in a restaurant watching football this past sunday and observed two couples near me and noticed the woman giving all signs of being agitated (things not obvious unless you read this book). Five minutes later, I noticed she was the one geting the bill with her credit card!
B001MYIXAW|5.0|Let the Right One In, or Lt den r&auml;tte komma in, is a film directed by Tomas Alfredson (Four Shades of Brown).  The story is based on a novel of [[ASIN:0312355297 the same name]] by John Ajvide Lindqvist, who also penned the screenplay.  It is about an unpleasant and tender, but relatable twelve year old boy named Oskar.  It deals with his many problems; from his careless and divorced parents who neglect him, to his classmates who mentally and physically abuse him.  Oskar has angry tendencies but you can hardly blame the poor guy.  As the film unfolds Oskar finds some light in the dark cold nights of Stockholm.  He forges a profound bond with a lonely and desheveled girl around the same age as he is.  Her name is Eli and she is a vampire.<br /><br />This is not your normal horror movie fare, nor is it in any way reminiscent of mainstream vampire fiction that I can think of.  It is afterall, first and foremost, a romance story and because of that the moments of horror were only in the back of my mind, and they work far more convincingly than I expected.  Continuity is also rare in horror films and the consistency of the characters and the performances of the actors who played them only worked to enhance the film overall.<br /><br />An aspect of Let the Right One In that seemed exceptional to me can only be explained by mentioning a scene.  As retributive as it may sound, some of Oskar's bullies get their due in brutal yet satisfying fashion.  The scene is incredibly violent and is done underwater, but within the context of Oskar and Eli as characters, and at that point in their relationship, the scene works to be equally as beautiful as it is horrifying.  In the end I pity Oskar, but at the same time I'm not sure he has known any relationship better than one with Eli, and he probably never will.  There is a bittersweet feeling throughout.  I can't think of any film that brings a sense of romance to such extreme horror but this one pulls it off quite nicely and with little direct effort.<br /><br />There has been talk about an Americanized remake of this movie but it will actually be another interpretation of the novel so I expect something dramatically different.  Either way, see this one whether in it's limited release here in the states or when it comes to DVD and Blu-Ray.<br /><br />Let the Right One In left an impression on me that no horror film has since perhaps [[ASIN:B0000524CY The Exorcist]] and it is probably, along with Hertzog's [[ASIN:B00005YJMX Nosferatu: Phantom Der Nacht]], the most compelling portrayal of the vampire myth that I've ever seen in film.  This is an amazing movie and I cannot recommend it highly enough.ct effort.      There has been talk about an Americanized remake of this movie but it will actually be another interpretation of the novel so I expect something dramatically different.  Either way, see this one whether in it's limited release here in the states or when it comes to DVD and Blu-Ray.      Let the Right One In left an impression on me that no horror film has since perhaps [[ASIN:B0000524CY The Exorcist]] and it is probably, along with Hertzog's [[ASIN:B00005YJMX Nosferatu: Phantom Der Nacht]], the most compelling portrayal of the vampire myth that I've ever seen in film.  This is an amazing movie and I cannot recommend it highly enough.
B001HXG8PK|3.0|I was very excited to receive this set. I do not own the previous versions of the soundtrack, since I heard about this one being the definitive release.<br /><br />The 10 extra tracks that complete the score and the 4 bonus remixes are nothing short of great. I love them all. This is a very good score, and I hope it wins at the Oscars and Golden Globes.<br /><br />However, I feel that the packaging is very lacking here. The gray slipcover case is very nice though. The artbook I receive that houses the discs seems to have a week spine and a few of the pages are barely staying in place thanks to a weak black string that ties every page together. Also, and this is the most important part, the indentations for where you place the discs are HORRIBLE. There are these odd clear rubbers stoppers where you place the open circle of the discs in, and it NEAR IMPOSSIBLE to get the discs to fit perfectly back in once you take them out the first time. I have to force them in every time fearing that I'll break them.<br /><br />You do eventually get the discs in with some effort, but honestly, I shouldn't have to try this hard to do so. If nothing else, buy this to support this great music, but know that the packaging seems to have been an afterthought in terms of practicality and usability.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|Let the Right One In, or Lt den r&auml;tte komma in, is a film directed by Tomas Alfredson (Four Shades of Brown).  The story is based on a novel of [[ASIN:0312355297 the same name]] by John Ajvide Lindqvist, who also penned the screenplay.  It is about an unpleasant and tender, but relatable twelve year old boy named Oskar.  It deals with his many problems; from his careless and divorced parents who neglect him, to his classmates who mentally and physically abuse him.  Oskar has angry tendencies but you can hardly blame the poor guy.  As the film unfolds Oskar finds some light in the dark cold nights of Stockholm.  He forges a profound bond with a lonely and desheveled girl around the same age as he is.  Her name is Eli and she is a vampire.<br /><br />This is not your normal horror movie fare, nor is it in any way reminiscent of mainstream vampire fiction that I can think of.  It is afterall, first and foremost, a romance story and because of that the moments of horror were only in the back of my mind, and they work far more convincingly than I expected.  Continuity is also rare in horror films and the consistency of the characters and the performances of the actors who played them only worked to enhance the film overall.<br /><br />An aspect of Let the Right One In that seemed exceptional to me can only be explained by mentioning a scene.  As retributive as it may sound, some of Oskar's bullies get their due in brutal yet satisfying fashion.  The scene is incredibly violent and is done underwater, but within the context of Oskar and Eli as characters, and at that point in their relationship, the scene works to be equally as beautiful as it is horrifying.  In the end I pity Oskar, but at the same time I'm not sure he has known any relationship better than one with Eli, and he probably never will.  There is a bittersweet feeling throughout.  I can't think of any film that brings a sense of romance to such extreme horror but this one pulls it off quite nicely and with little direct effort.<br /><br />There has been talk about an Americanized remake of this movie, but it will actually be another interpretation of the novel, so I expect something dramatically different.  Either way, see this one, whether in its limited release here in the states or when it comes to DVD and Blu-Ray.<br /><br />Let the Right One In left an impression on me that no horror film has since perhaps [[ASIN:B0000524CY The Exorcist]] and it is probably, along with Hertzog's [[ASIN:B00005YJMX Nosferatu: Phantom Der Nacht]], the most compelling portrayal of the vampire myth that I've ever seen in film.  This is an amazing movie and I cannot recommend it highly enough.ct effort.      There has been talk about an Americanized remake of this movie, but it will actually be another interpretation of the novel, so I expect something dramatically different.  Either way, see this one, whether in its limited release here in the states or when it comes to DVD and Blu-Ray.      Let the Right One In left an impression on me that no horror film has since perhaps [[ASIN:B0000524CY The Exorcist]] and it is probably, along with Hertzog's [[ASIN:B00005YJMX Nosferatu: Phantom Der Nacht]], the most compelling portrayal of the vampire myth that I've ever seen in film.  This is an amazing movie and I cannot recommend it highly enough.
B001GZ6QDS|1.0|Total zero. Another of those DARK DARK movies used to cover up the lack of a good clear plot and script. To long, to complex, to confusing, to many scenes with yet another fight where Batman lives. Try to ID the bad guys, it keeps changing. The scenes were all Black and white and to fast paced. Seems aimed only at the youth and pre-teen market who will think it is something new and spectacular because of the high sound volume and lots of useless killing. I tried to give a \\"0\\" rating but the system required at least 1 star which it does not deserve
B001GZ6QC4|3.0|that must have been the studios motto when they made the standard dvd. This has to be the worst transfer I have seen in modern film making. I am absolutely perplexed why this film was not made in DTS except as others have pointed out that perhaps they are trying to push Blu Ray.  Its a great film ( I saw it three times in IMAX) but this dvd is a disappointment. We deserved better.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|I'm buying the collectors edition. Maybe if enough people do so, they'll bring the TV series back!!
0743289692|5.0|This is easily one of the greatest books I have ever read. Hirsi's personal story is incredible and awe-inspiring. The book is not only provocative and at times painful, but it is extremely insightful and compelling. Hirsi is a true hero, a beacon of light. This book is a gift to humanity.
1400156335|4.0|Pride and Prejudice has long been my favorite, and most read, book, so I am completely familiar with the text.  I consider it to be the greatest romance ever written and Jane Austen's wry sense of humor shines.<br /><br />With the caveat that I haven't heard other audio versions of P&P, I thought that Josephine Bailey did a creditable job of reading this classic.  Her male voices were less than convincing but P&P mostly has female dialog and those voices were fine.  Her narrative voice, flow, and pace were excellent.<br /><br />A technical note:  This Tantor eBook CD includes an MP3 version of the audio book as well as the entire text in Adobe PDF format, so that one can follow the text while listening.  It totals about 628 MB in size, nearly all of which is the MP3 audio book.  However, the written PDF text on my disc includes a duplicate of Chapter 33, listed as \\"Chapter 34\\".  After that, the remaining chapters are off by one number.  Nevertheless, the entire written text is present and this flaw is not found in the MP3 audio book, where the chapters are entirely correct.<br /><br />Because of this technical mistake in the PDF text, I gave this eBook only four stars.  But for an enjoyable audio version of Jane Austen's masterpiece, this disc is a fine purchase.<br /><br />I'd like to put in a plug for what I consider the best screen adaptation of Pride and Prejudice, the 1996 BBC/A&E version:<br />[[ASIN:B001E2JNA6 Pride and Prejudice [Blu-ray]]]<br />[[ASIN:B00005MP58 Pride and Prejudice - The Special Edition (A&E, 1996)]]<br />[[ASIN:B000F0UUT6 Pride and Prejudice (10th Anniversary Collector's Set) (A&E, 1996)]]<br />If there are any fans of P&P who haven't already seen this excellent screen version of the novel, I would highly recommend doing so.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|[[ASIN:B001GZ6QEC The Dark Knight (+ Digital Copy and BD Live) [Blu-ray]]]    I will recommend buying the Dark Knight in the Blu-Ray Format. The picture quality was amazing and it has some IMAX spots as well. It felt like I was in the movie theater with the amazing picture quality and incredible sound. The Sound Quality was also done very well. If you play it on Surround Sound, it will be really, really, really good. The Chase Scene on the BD Format is very nice.   The BD also includes a Digital Copy, so not only will you have 2 BDs, but you'll have one on your computer. Basically, you're getting 2 Dark Knight Movies for the Price of One, except the Digital Copy, of course, won't be in HD.  I highly recommend this to anybody looking for a great high-def experience.
1423113497|5.0|Rick Riordan's series is just the right medicine for those suffering from Harry Potter withdrawal. This series kept my children's noses (aged 10 to 17) in the pages and provided a great introduction to Greek mythology. The books are fast-paced and suitable for adults and children over the age of ten.
B001LMT50W|5.0|By the way, the $1 deal for the Prospekt's March album expired anyway so you save if you buy this. Great album!
B000YENUI6|3.0|Though it gets off to a very slow start, this Russian mafia tale finishes fairly strongly and you will be entertained. Some scenes are not for the sqeamish, and the blood letting begins very early. If you don't blanch at neck slittings, finger snippings and the sight of someone plunging a knife into someone else's eyeball, then you will get through this. Also, there's a rough scene of Viggo Mortensen in mortal combat while nude. It's funny, sort of. This is really a small movie in the end, and in no way the equal of the far superior \\"A History of Violence\\" by the same director. Still, worth watching.
0316035904|4.0|I've heard some great things about David Sedaris. I've seen some interviews with him that were painfully funny and I've been enjoying my audiobook of Barrel Fever, though I'm only one hour into the three hour book. This is a long way of saying that Holidays on Ice was the first book I've actually read by David Sedaris.    So did it live up to the hype? Well, it depends on which stories you're talking about. Santaland Diaries? Hilarious! Season's Greetings to Our Friends and Family? Eh. Christmas Means Giving? Unbelievably funny.    Basically, Holidays on Ice is like any other story collection: some stories are better than others. Some had me laughing out loud multiple times, others had me impatient to get to the next story. What's unique about it is David Sedaris' sense of humor. He has that biting and witty character that makes you want to keep reading, yet you almost feel bad for laughing. (At times, you definitely feel bad for laughing - some of the things he say are so wrong. But so funny!)    Sedaris is definitely not for the easily offended. He sometimes uses crude humor. But the bottom line is that he really is very funny. Books don't make me laugh out loud very often, but Sedaris has me cracking up left and right. Like I said, not all the stories of all the same quality, but generally they are very funny. This holiday collection is great for any Sedaris fan, or for anyone who wants a short introduction to his work. Holidays on Ice is small and very easy to read, so if you are trying to decide whether you want to give his larger books a try, this is probably a good book to pick up!    A big thank you to Miriam @ Hachette for sending me this book to review!
0545128285|4.0|An instant bestseller at Rubachem Systems ! I lent it out and have no idea where it is now. What a writer!
B000FVQLQQ|4.0|A fascinating movie with interesting plot twists.  I'm not sure I would use the adjective beautiful to describe his mind.  At least there's a happy ending.
0545128285|5.0|J.K. Rowling is the most talented world builder since Tolkien and Lewis, and the Tales of Beedle the Bard is a fine addition to the Potter omniverse. The stories are brief and delightfully enhanced by the commentary and critique of Albus Dumbledore.    I am thrilled, but not surprised, that this book became available to the masses following Ms. Rowling's gift of the much lauded seven handmade copies. This book is suitable for all ages, and true Potterphiles will appreciate it.    Now if only Ms. Rowling would provide us older readers with a cookbook of Rosmerta's and Molly Weasley's recipes.
B001FSDOZO|1.0|Quit producing songs about the same topics. Now granted drugs and sex are huge topics, but no one needs to hear an entire album based around it. The only good songs on it are \\"If Today Was Your Last Day\\" and \\"I'd Come For You\\"(which sounds eerily similar to Jimmy Wayne's \\"I Will\\"), other than that everything is annoying and at times sounds like previous songs. The only reason why this doesn't get a 1/2 star is because Amazon won't let you.
B000ZN802W|3.0|Why did this kid kill himself? He was mentally ill. But the film amps up the imagery and the idealogy into something about rebellion from the kid's parental upbringing. The book does a better job on this story, and the film grows a bit tedious long before the ending.
0743496736|4.0|\\"In nineteen minutes, you can mow the front lawn; color your hair; watch a third of a hockey game. In nineteen minutes, you can bake scones or get a tooth filled by a dentist; you can fold laundry for a family of five. . . In nineteen minutes, you can stop the world; or you can just jump off it. In nineteen minutes, you can get revenge.\\"    NINETEEN MINUTES is the first book that I read of Jodie Picoult's that was recommended to me by a friend, and I knew from the first paragraph of the book that I was going to be hooked.  Picoult's book are generally marketed toward the more mature teen audience, but can easily be picked up by an adult of any age. This chilling book is a tremendous example of jealousy, love, deceit, and revenge.    What makes the story of NINETEEN MINUTES so unique is that it is pretty much two stories in one. One story is about a school shooting where a boy by the name of Peter Houghton comes to school one day equipped with several guns. He goes into the school and appears to blindly shoot and kill eleven students, only for the reader to later find out the true intention of each of the murders. The main difficulty with the story was that although Peter killed eleven students and wounded many more, it is hard not to sympathize for this boy. On his very first day of school, Peter was already bullied; his lunch box was thrown out of the school bus. However, his best friend at the time, Josie, was instantly there to protect him.     This is the part when the second story comes into view. After Josie defended Peter repeatedly in Elementary and Middle school, things started to change when they got to Sterling high school: Josie became a member of the \\"IN\\" crowd of popular kids at their school and Peter was the one still being bullied.  To make matters worse and to make the reader empathize for Peter more, the people that bullied him most were Josie's boyfriend, Matt, and her own group of friends. Therefore, to stay popular, Josie had to pretend that shedidn't like Peter and that they were never even friends to begin with.    The two main questions that Picoult's novel brings up are, \\"Do we ever really know a person?\\" and \\"Is everyone really what they seem?\\" The answers to these questions can never truly be answered, which is why the book is so touching and why it really makes the reader think about their lives and how they treat the people around them. Bullying is such a tough subject and everyone has been a victim of being bullied. Peter, for example, was the lowest of the food chain. He was only the one being bullied and there was no one below him for him to pick on, which is one of the main reasons he has to resort to such extremes as to killing his bullies.    The reason that I would recommend this book to a reader of the same age group as me, around 16-22, is that we have already experienced the hardships of high school and understand how difficult it is to fit in and not be the target of the bullies. This book, NINETEEN MINUTES, truly shows every emotion that a reader can expect to have; there is a school shooting which provokes confusion and hatred, then there is a soft love story in the background that brings about a relief to the stress and anxiety of the murders.     The only problems that I have with this book are the court scenes. These are only a problem because Picoult uses Law terms that I have never heard before. At one point, she brings in a character to explain Peter's case to the jury, but I, as an uneducated reader, seem to get lost during this part. I understand the general idea of the passage, but it is hard to completely follow the terminology and intricate details of the case. However, it is still very vital to the book, so I do not think that the author should change anything about it.    Picoult's book has truly pulled on my heart strings. I no longer look at certain people the same way because I now know to expect the unexpected. I now understand that no one is how you perceive them tobe, and this book truly explains that by taking usual thoughts and morphing them to present the unusual.  All in all, NINETEEN MINUTES was the first Jodi Picoult book that I have read, but it certainly will not be the last.
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|Two facts MOST theater-lovers know early on:     1) Mama Mia on Broadway is the BEST time ever!  2) Movie adaptations of live theater are never as good.    That being said, I have a fresh idea about the recent movie version of ABBA's Mama Mia- FORGET ABOUT THE BROADWAY SHOW! Comparing the stage \\"Spectacle\\" and the movie is like comparing a big chocolate cake U can eat, to a picture of a chocolate cake you cannot. The picture of the cake will still make you smile, even if U cannot sink your teeth into it.     I thoroughly enjoyed the movie version of Mama Mia. Essentially a story about a young woman getting married, it becomes a delicious twist of family secrets and revelations.  After she reads secret information kept by her mother, Donna, Sophie devises a plan she does not share with her mom.  She invites 3 strangers to her wedding, These men are all from her mom's past, a past Donna wants to keep distant. Sophie does share this plan with her 2 best friends and her fiance, BUT only after she sends the invitations. This sets in motion a madcap string of events with short and long-term effects. The audience can now sink their teeth into some fun escapades, as Sophie attempts to keep Donna in the dark as long as possible.      The cast of this movie is a dream. Taking some of Hollywood's Elite adds to the universal appeal to basically a niche(musical)movie. Even those people who are not fans of musicals can enjoy this movie for its star quality.     Meryl Streep, in the lead role of Donna Sheridan, is fantastic. She shows the struggle of a single mom, trying to make ends meet by running a hotel in Greece,  very authentically. The range of emotion the part of \\"Donna\\" requires, is second nature to Ms. Streep. And, while a complete shock to me, she must have known that her vocal ability was as on par as was needed. She was right. Her version of \\"The Winner Takes it All\\" is quite moving. Her transformation from serious, all-work-no-play, hard-nosed Donna to full of Life Donna is fun to watch.    As Sophie Sheridan, Amanda Seyfried, is both dainty and emotional. A relative newcomer(at least compared to the others in the cast) Ms. Seyfried commands the screen whenever she is the main focus. Her scene on the boat with her \\"fathers\\" is very moving. She also can carry quite a tune. \\"Slipping through my Fingers\\", the duet she shares with Ms. Streep is really fantastic.    The actors playing the 3 potential fathers are not quite up to the task in one way or another. The best of the bunch is Colin Firth, who plays Harry Bright.  His voice is quite good, although he has no real solo in the film. He does however have a big secret reveal towards the end of the film that was the one big plot line difference between stage musical and movie. It's a fun scene to witness.     Stellan Skarsgard, as Bill Anderson, is very funny in some scenes, touching in others. His voice is adequate, I guess. \\"Our Last Summer\\" is a song he sings with the other \\"fathers\\".    Then there is Pierce Brosnan, as Sam Carmichael. As far as acting goes, he is really good. The scenes he shares with Ms. Streep are really well-acted. HOWEVER, his singing is terrible. I mean REALLY BAD. Certain times, I thought a cat was being harmed slightly off camera. Some people were surprised to learn that Mr. Brosnan could sing, then they found out HE CANNOT!!!!!! But he was Bond...James Bond, so cut him some slack.    Two other big names round out the main cast of \\"Mama Mia\\". Christine Baranski, as Tanya, a many-times divorced boozer, is one third of Donna and the Dynamos, a girl-group from years ago. Ms Baranski is always a scene-stealer in any movie she is in. During one scene in \\"Mama Mia\\", Ms. Baranski tries to avert the advances of a friend of the groom-to-be. She sings \\"Does Your Mother Know\\" as a way to both flirt and repel this \\"YOUNG man\\". As a veteran of Broadway and the silver screen, Ms. Baranski's acting and vocal talents are very well perfected.    As \\"Rosie\\", Julie Waltersis the second third of the group. Younger audiences know Ms. Walters as Mrs. Weasley, from the Harry Potter movies. \\"Rosie\\" is a semi-famous cookbook author who seems to fall hard for Stellan Skarsgard's \\"Bill\\". \\"Take a chance on me\\" is her play at a life with Bill. Both are fantastic.     So, Mama Mia, the MOVIE, is a fantastic time. Is it the same as seeing it on Broadway? Certainly not. But for reaching a far more widespread audience, this movie is perfect!
159102594X|5.0|The only criticism I have of this book is that it was so good that I gulped it down without taking time to savor it.  I've just ordered \\"Before They are Hanged\\" and \\"Last Argument of Kings\\".  I plan to devour them quickly as well and then reread the entire trilogy, slowly.
B001HYY35G|4.0|I waited quite a long time for this CD/DVD to come in, and I was definitely not disappointed. The DVD is something I'll have to get used to, but is presented in such a crazy way that I know I'll love it (just like Daft Punk's Electroma). It has some performances of the songs here that you definitely can't miss.    And the CD? PRICELESS. This is the live album I've been hoping would happen ever since I hopped onto YouTube and heard Justice cover Daft Punk's rendition of \\"Crescendolls\\" going into Boys Noize \\"Frau.\\" Every track is remixed and sounds even better live, and listening to the album, you definitely get the feeling were treading the line between electro and rock. Personally, I like the combination!    The booklet in this CD/DVD is also worth having, and contains pictures mostly submitted by Justice fans. I can't say enough that this is an album worth having!
B0015DYIH2|1.0|Charlaine Harris .  If you want a good vampire yarn, you need to read her Sookie Stackhouse series, If you have seen (and not liked) HBO's Trueblood, don't let that put you off. I don't like the show but  loved every book in the series. Are they suitable for young teens? Probably not, but then neither are the last 2 books in the Twilight series.  Twilight was entertaining and a &#34;guilty pleasure&#34; for many grownups. It was never quality literature, but entertaining in the beginning. that quickly went downhill and by the second book Bella has become annoying enough to make you want  to stop reading - although I did complete it. I bought the 3rd book (on my Kindle) simply to skip to the end to see what happened to the characters. By the last book I resorted to spoilers for the same reason - severe irritation with Bella anf by now with Edward and Jacob too.  I tried to read both before resorting to these other means, made it a third of the wat through Eclipse and only the first chapter of the final book. Truly, was there ever a more annoying heroine than Bella? Poorer writing claiming to be literature or outdated and vaguely disgusting values aimed at ANY (never mind young) readers? This is an intriguing concept extremely poorly rendered.  So that was WAY more than two words but i return to my opening statement... try Chairlaine Harris.
B001EN71DG|1.0|I just got back from the future and you know what. They're still waiting for a proper release of these films in 5050. And Lucas is still sitting tight for right time to give the public what it wants. Who knew holding your breath could make you live so long.     Let's see...  2017 The DVD market has almost dried up since \\"Ultra Memory Stick\\" was released so Lucas issued the old laserdisc version of the Star Wars trilogy Boxed Set. \\"Just to test the waters...\\" Lucas said.    2077 the 100 year anniversary edition was released on \\"Memory Foil Deluxe\\" since the \\"Ultra Memory Stick\\" was discontinued. (Bummer) This was nothing more than the 2004 boxed set edition.     Then in 2177 the Bicentennial edition was released in the \\"Ultra Reality Edition\\" this was the first release in 200 years that actually had some new material. This holographic edition introduced \\"Indiana Jones\\" as Han solos Twin brother. Indiana Jones replaced Chewbacca. (Bummer) Lucas said \\"I always wanted Indiana Jones in \\"Star Wars\\" but the technology just wasn't there to make it possible.\\" also saying \\"now we're halfway finished with what I envisioned years ago\\".    2977 The \\"Millennium Edition\\" was released reverting back to the First DVD release. The \\"Ultra Reality Edition\\" was not reissued because it caused too many heart attacks so Lucas said \\"this is just a commemorative edition.\\" Plus he said \\"I can't afford to lose another trillion in lawsuits.\\"     2978 The \\"Un-Millennium Edition\\" was released with the Millennium Falcon removed from every shot and replaced with black and white shots of Lucas' fist. \\"Just for fun\\" Lucas said.    3177 Lucas decided to listen to complaints about the \\"Un-Millennium Edition\\" and replaced the shots of his fist with all new shots of the Millennium Falcon for the \\"Re-Millennium Collectors Edition\\".     3977 The \\"Second Millennium Edition\\" with new material. Each boxed set contains Mr. Lucas' Finger and Toe nail clippings. This was in the \\"Airborne Format\\"  (Pan and Scan)only.  Lucas said \\"Pan and Scan is the way to go...I love it\\".    5048 Lucas told \\"Parade Magazine\\" he is about to give Star Wars fans what they want. \\"It will be the most comprehensive edition of the Star Wars saga ever released. It will be released in 5051 and will contain hours of unreleased material, about 20 hours to be exact, all material will be digitally re-mastered and THX sound. I'm very happy with what it's going to be...I haven't been this excited since 1976. Most of the scenes no one knew existed. Like a scene when Luke and Ben get drunk at Mos Eisley and go bantha tipping...\\" sound like lots of fun.    5050 Bad news....A disgruntled employee at Lucas films Deleted all digital footage of Star Wars, just 150 years after the last bit of celluloid had disintegrated at Lucas' home.  That employee was promptly executed.      So there have been 1138 releases of Star Wars, so now we know. Procrastination Killed Star Wars.     RIP
1577314808|1.0|I bought this book mainly because my boss at the time recommended the book and then asked incessantly if I had bought it, and then when I had bought it, if I had read it.    This book is, for your mind, similar to what a fast food burger is to your body. This is the second `life-coach' type book that I have read and I must admit both of them (the other being by Tony Robbins) I could not complete. I find the phenomenon of these `life coaches' fascinating particularly because we are now living in (in the west) societies where `true' (as in not this life coach nonsense) religion and it's values are being pushed out of society. Personal selfishness is increasing. People are dying in shops, being trodden to death, not because of poverty, but because of greed!    This book claims to get some of it's spirituality from the Buddhist scriptures - so why can one not just read the scriptures? Why do people waste time looking at this guy, who in 50 years time no-one will give a damn about, when we have the Christian, Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist, Jewish etc. religious books that have been around and will be around for a lot longer? Part of it is the fault of religious people. The New Testament (a book never seen by Jesus) is a mish-mash of semi-historical accounts which makes it a difficult read for people wishing to better themselves. `Islam' (my religion) has been corrupted by religious hierarchies who have sought to `re-interpret' the Quran through the `hadith' which are a collection of non-sensical books, especially when compared to the Quran. In fact, if you have a good literal translation of the Quran, there is a lot that speaks to you as an individual and about how to conduct your life, how to react to things and then clear messages about why we are here, the true purpose of life and how to obtain success in this life and the next (and even how to be successful in this life and not the next).    So, this book appeals to YOU as an individual. It does not seek to castigate you for bad behaviour but tells YOU that YOU have the power to  unlock YOUR inner potential by stopping doing something YOU were doing TOO MUCH of.     The entire plot of the book (repeated at a snails pace ad nauseam) is this: You need to forget the past and start living for the present. You need to turn off the voices in your head that are asking you questions because this creates strife in your world. Of course, there are many problems with such an obviously flawed philosophy (e.g. would you want a surgeon to have such beliefs!) and he does make some exceptions.    `Too much' of `things' are bad. Cancer is an example he names, where there are just too many cells (has he heard of the immune system/mitosis etc.?). He refutes the French philosopher Descartes, `cognito ergo sum'. He proclaims that people are thinking too much! It is unlikely that most of his readership even know who Descartes is. This irritated me tremendously. He goes on and on with these stupid ideas which anyone with a reasoning brain could, in one second, see the fallacy.     I came to this book with an open mind. I saw the number of positive reviews and thought it must be a good book. However, this is most likely due to the `preaching to the converted' phenomenon. In the negative reviews, I remember reading one about how he had described menorrhagia as being due to some mental deficiency of women. I initially thought the reviewer had made this up. However, I the bit of the book I read he did start talking about the flow of thoughts women had during menstruation and promised to come back to it. Therefore, I can only presume this was not a lie.    In summary, this is clearly a horrific book. If you, in any way, value your brain, please do not buy it.
B000MR9D5E|3.0|When reading over all the fine reviews of this series, I am kind of struck by the fact that nearly all of them speak of the DVD format rather than the subject itself.  Yes, this is a beautifully photographed series and yes, it will look great on your wide screen TV (or your Dentists).<br /><br />But after watching over half of the episodes, I am still wondering what it has to say, or to add to all of the other nature documentaries I have seen in my life.  Frankly, I was rather disappointed by the content. I'm not certain that there was any 'vision' from the producers, other than to make a visually stunning film - which I acknowledge, they did very well.<br /><br />But really, I had hoped for more that just another film with Gazelles and Apakas. You would think that most life on Planet Earth were mammals from watching.  So little of the birds, nearly nothing about insects or reptiles, etc.  So many interesting stories to tell, so why settle for such standard fare?  And whatever happened to the Australian continent?<br /><br />I would not necessarily recommend you avoid purchasing, but just keep in mind that these stories, while BEAUTIFULLY photographed in widescreen and with a non-stop music score and narration, are kind of the tip of the iceberg so to speak.  They could have done so much better I think.<br /><br />Very nice to look at for an hour or so, but ultimately a little boring.
B000000OQF|5.0|Slash is my guitar hero of all time. Unexpectedly Buckethead is just as great as he is, or even better. Try one of Buckethead's albums, you will fall in love with and finally get addicted to his underestimated talent. Buckethead can play any style as well as guitar god Jeff Beck. \\"Chinese Democracy\\" is definitely the best rock album since 1991. It got what the other great rock bands like Metallica, AC/DC, etc. are always missing: beautiful melodies. In fact, Axl's new album is way way better than any Slash or Duff's solo projects. If your religion is rock music, then Axl Rose is your God and his albums is your Bible. Buy more copies of this masterpiece for your family and friends to do them a huge favor!
0226264211|5.0|This is a wonderful and timeless book that I recommend to any person interested in politics, economics, finance, ethics or current events.  Friedman possessed a brilliant mind and the world is better off for having him.  That being said, one must read this book with skepticism.  In general, I identify with the fundamentals of the libertarian stance as applied in both a fiscal and social viewpoint.  In a liberally structured utopia the philosophy of Friedman is magically flawless.  Anybody who appreciates the absolute balance of risk to reward, credit to debit, or right to wrong would certainly appreciate the rational of Friedman. Unfortunately we do not live in such a world.  The world we live in as a whole is messy.  Nothing is as precise as we'd ideally like it to be.  So, although I appreciate Friedman's philosophy, I find it hard to imagine its application - in entirety - on a macro level.  Nevertheless it is a goal worth striving to achieve.
B001GZ6QEC|2.0|It was a fantastic movie for Batman, the Joker and the D.A., and Batman's ill-fated fan-girlfriend. However, either the theater employees turned up the volume on the music, or the music track played way too loud so that the dialogue could not be heard. What was said at the end of the movie was lost in the loud music. The loud music ruined hearing the last words. I hope that the last dialogue of the DVD is not spoiled like it was in the theater. (Repetition for emphasis) I may rent The Dark Knight first, before I buy it, to make sure that the dialogue is not overpowered by the music score.
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|This movie is just plain old fun.  I've never listened to critics anyway, because most of them are so highbrow they wouldn't know a wonderful movie if it bit them on the nose.<br />I went to this movie with 16 women and 5 men of all ages, and we all loved it. I went to see this movie several times and every time I went I had more fun.  Everyone I went with danced,and sang along with this movie and we all felt energized when we left the Theater.  We all agreed that this was one movie we are going to spend the money to add to our personal libraries. (That honestly doesn't happen often- we never all agree)<br />If you want to have fun then I highly recommend this movie.  Don't worry about popcorn, but do bring on the drinks, because you'll be laughing, dancing and singing along with this one-all that work makes a person thirsty.  Have fun with this one.
B000000OSG|5.0|Slash is my guitar hero of all time. Unexpectedly Buckethead is just as great as he is, or even better. Try one of Buckethead's albums, you will fall in love with and finally get addicted to his underestimated talent. Buckethead can play any style as well as guitar god Jeff Beck. \\"Chinese Democracy\\" is definitely the best rock album since 1991. It got what the other great rock bands like Metallica, AC/DC, etc. are always missing: beautiful melodies. In fact, Axl's new album is way way better than any Slash or Duff's solo projects. If your religion is rock music, then Axl Rose is your God and his albums is your Bible. Buy more copies of this masterpiece for your family and friends to do them a huge favor!
B000AJIF4E|5.0|The Sony MDR7506 Studio Headphones have become the standard in film and television field sound recording as well as studio recording. I've been a film sound recordist for 20 years and prior to using the 7506 phones, and their predecessor the MDR-V6 [[ASIN:B00001WRSJ Sony MDR-V6 Monitor Series Headphones with CCAW Voice Coil]], I used what all the other location sound mixers used, the Beyer DT 48.<br /><br />The sound in the 7506 is clean and clear. There is a low end accentuation which you have to get used to. This bass boost helps me hear rumble and low end hum better in a noisy environment and I see it as an asset. If you are recording, just remember not to roll too much bass off because of it.<br /><br />The main reason these have become so popular with film and tv sound mixers is that they not only sound decent but are CHEAP! Compared to the Beyer DT48s which cost around $400.00 now, the Sony 7506 phones work just as well. I can buy four sets for the cost of one DT48. I've never had a failure in the 20 years I've used them and I've got some that are still working from way back then. They aren't pretty anymore, but they still work. All you have to do is purchase the lambskin replacement earpads and your 7506 phones look nearly new again. Sony's quality and fit and finish are high and the phones are dependable.<br /><br />Stats and features:<br /><br />* Rugged metal design<br /><br />* Folding construction<br /><br />* 40mm driver unit<br /><br />* Closed ear design<br /><br />* Gold connectors<br /><br />* Black matt finish<br /><br />* Oxygen free cord<br /><br />* 10Hz to 20kHz Frequency response<br /><br />* Stereo Unimatch Plug - 1/4 in. and 1/8 in. applications<br /><br />* Soft Case<br /><br />* Weight: 8.1 oz.<br /><br />* Sensitivity: 106 dB/W/m<br /><br />* Impedance: 63 Ohms<br /><br />* Power Handling: 1000mW<br /><br />* Headphone type: Sealed-ear, dynamic<br /><br />Now these are barebones headphones. They come with a screw off adapter to use for either 1/4 inch or 1/8 inch jacks. The cable is tightly coiled and is connected to a single side. The driver housing is thin aluminum. The ear cushions are lambskin and very comfortable. The over the head connecting rod is covered by padded vinyl. The phones are of the surround the ear design but do little to isolate your ear from outside noise, the way the DT 48s do. In fact, the 7506 phones conduct outside noise very well, especially wind noise. If you find yourself in an outside windy situation, you must cup your hands over the phones to see if your mic is clean from the wind. This is hard to do especially if you are booming too. I'm getting close to designing some windjammer style muffs to pull over each phone to cut the wind noise.<br /><br />I can't say that these phones are sexy looking, but they don't look ugly or stupid like many on the market today. And they have a very low profile so you aren't ripping your ears off everywhere. For what I use these phones for, the critical listening of field recording for film and television production, these are a GREAT deal. Again, I would have to pay nearly $400.00 for one set of Beyer DT48 phones and those clamp your head so tightly you get a headache a couple of hours into the shoot. Plus, if you kill or lose one of these sets, you're only out a hundred bucks!<br /><br />Bottom line is you can hardly go wrong with the Sony MDR 7506 Studio Headphone, whether it's for work inside a studio, or recording and mixing in the field.ther 1/4 inch or 1/8 inch jacks. The cable is tightly coiled and is connected to a single side. The driver housing is thin aluminum. The ear cushions are lambskin and very comfortable. The over the head connecting rod is covered by padded vinyl. The phones are of the surround the ear design but do little to isolate your ear from outside noise, the way the DT 48s do. In fact, the 7506 phones conduct outside noise very well, especially wind noise. If you find yourself in an outside windy situation, you must cup your hands over the phones to see if your mic is clean from the wind. This is hard to do especially if you are booming too. I'm getting close to designing some windjammer style muffs to pull over each phone to cut the wind noise.<br /><br />I can't say that these phones are sexy looking, but they don't look ugly or stupid like many on the market today. And they have a very low profile so you aren't ripping your ears off everywhere. For what I use these phones for, the critical listening of field recording for film and television production, these are a GREAT deal. Again, I would have to pay nearly $400.00 for one set of Beyer DT48 phones and those clamp your head so tightly you get a headache a couple of hours into the shoot. Plus, if you kill or lose one of these sets, you're only out a hundred bucks!<br /><br />Bottom line is you can hardly go wrong with the Sony MDR 7506 Studio Headphone, whether it's for work inside a studio, or recording and mixing in the field.
B001GZ6QDS|4.0|Just got this and while it's one of the most amazing movies in recent memory, I have to say that the extra features are a big let down.  All of the Batman DVD's so far have had some rather meaty bonuses, but the Dark Knight deserves much more attention than what is given it on this release.    Two relatively brief documentaries which seem to smoosh all the normal extras (costumes, stunts, music) into bite sized portions that leave you hungry for more.  The Gotham Tonight spots are kind of interesting and flesh out some back story, but this is the kind of thing that's usually put last on the list of DVD Extra Features.      I wanted a LOT more JOKER!  Obviously, WB didn't want to draw criticism for exploiting the death of Heath Ledger, but it's such an iconic character and performance that I think he would approve of a little more credit where it's due.      So that's why I'm giving this movie only four stars.  The movie alone almost makes up for the crappy second disc because I know that I'll watch it over and over again.
B001FSDOZO|1.0|I cannot believe my ears. Nickelback is my favourite band. They outdid themselves every time. Song-wise, it started with \\"This is How You Remind Me\\" which lead to \\"Someday\\" and then they left us with the treasure known as \\"Saving Me\\". So when I entered my music store and saw this new CD on sale with the great song \\"Just to Get High\\" playing in the background I bought it without thinking twice. But you know what? This is one of the purchases I regret the most in my life. I always loved how they could combine mainstream melody and hard rock creating a unique sound but the melody is almost gone now. There doesn't seem to be that wonderful intertwining of style, it's either one or the other. The only song which comes close to how they sounded like is \\"Just to Get High\\". Apart from that it's either super mainstream stuff like \\"Never gonna be alone\\" or metal like \\"Shaking Hands\\".<br /><br />But it's their song writing which really suffers here. The lyrics are pathetic. They were never the best at rhyming but it was this more simple side that enchanted me at first like in songs like \\"Photograph\\". Their last album, \\"For all the right reasons\\" had a song called \\"Animals\\" which I really found dumb and just plain useless. Too much info kind of song with absolutely no substance. Well it seems like this is the song I should have paid closest attention too if I wanted to know where they'd go next. You've got some really horrible songs here such as \\"Go the Next Round\\". It pretty much describes having sex in many different positions. A hardcore song about hardcore, guess that's appropriate, just not to my taste. The worst part is that this is the same model used for \\"Something in your mouth\\" (I'll let you guess what that refers to), \\"Shaking hands\\" which talks about a girl who got far by not just \\"shaking hands\\" (gee, I wonder what that means) and a song called S.E.X. (Self EXplanatory). I know men are known to have one thing on their mind (I'm a guy, I know what's on my mind), but come on, how much of this do I need to hear?<br />The CD mostly lacks emotion. Songs like \\"Too Bad\\" seem so far away, if it wasn't for the voice, I'd never know it was the same band. Actually the voice is the only redeeming factor. I always loved the roar of Chad's voice, but that's not enough when both the music and lyrics sound so pathetic. For the past years, I've been waiting for a new Nickelback album, and I still do, because the Nickelback I know isn't playing in Dark Horse.<br /><br />Piece of advice, try out the CD before you buy it, listen to the track samples amazon privides, if you like it, then by all means, don't let me stop you :), how much of this do I need to hear?  The CD mostly lacks emotion. Songs like \\"Too Bad\\" seem so far away, if it wasn't for the voice, I'd never know it was the same band. Actually the voice is the only redeeming factor. I always loved the roar of Chad's voice, but that's not enough when both the music and lyrics sound so pathetic. For the past years, I've been waiting for a new Nickelback album, and I still do, because the Nickelback I know isn't playing in Dark Horse.    Piece of advice, try out the CD before you buy it, listen to the track samples amazon privides, if you like it, then by all means, don't let me stop you :)
B000000P17|5.0|Slash is my guitar hero of all time. Unexpectedly Buckethead is just as great as he is, or even better. Try one of Buckethead's albums, you will fall in love with and finally get addicted to his underestimated talent. Buckethead can play any style as well as guitar god Jeff Beck. \\"Chinese Democracy\\" is definitely the best rock album since 1991. It got what the other great rock bands like Metallica, AC/DC, etc. are always missing: beautiful melodies. In fact, Axl's new album is way way better than any Slash or Duff's solo projects. If your religion is rock music, then Axl Rose is your God and his albums is your Bible. Buy more copies of this masterpiece for your family and friends to do them a huge favor!
B000E1ZBGS|2.0|This version of the Pride & Prejudice is not worth owning....rent and watch the movie, you'll know what I meant. I would strongly recommend the other version with Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle being the actors/actresses of Mr. Darcy and Ms. Bennet in the movie. I daresay, this version is very well presented.
B001EN71CW|5.0|Its incredible how a firefly still maintains to come back even after it was canceled after only just one season.    but this is one of my favorite sci-fi tv serials.With an excellent cast and story.This will keep you glued to the screen.    The blu ray does do justice to the firefly,but the video quality falls a little short.And audio is top notch.    Dont miss this great serial    watched it on 32\\" LCD samsung, and onkyo 606 with 5.1 polk audio speakers
B001ACH4DS|5.0|This is exactly what I expected from David Cook and even more. I love this CD. Every single song on here is amazing. But his tribute to his brother \\"Permanent\\" tugs at the heartstrings no matter how many times I hear it. Beautiful!  This CD is in my player all the time. Love each song so much I can't decide which is my favorite!
B000000OSE|5.0|Slash is my guitar hero of all time. Unexpectedly Buckethead is just as great as he is, or even better. Try one of Buckethead's albums, you will fall in love with and finally get addicted to his underestimated talent. Buckethead can play any style as well as guitar god Jeff Beck. \\"Chinese Democracy\\" is definitely the best rock album since 1991. It got what the other great rock bands like Metallica, AC/DC, etc. are always missing: beautiful melodies. In fact, Axl's new album is way way better than any Slash or Duff's solo projects. If your religion is rock music, then Axl Rose is your God and his albums is your Bible. Buy more copies of this masterpiece for your family and friends to do them a huge favor!
B000Z27HLS|5.0|One of the very best of Austen's movies......got to watch and see the movie. You will not regret owning this video.
B0002KQNJU|3.0|Roman Polanski's first big-budget studio picture in 1966 was this gallimaufry of a spoof of (and homage to) the vampire films of Hammer Studios and what seems to be the tradition of Yiddish comic theater and literature. The comic characters are all broadly delineated and seem very familiar: the elderly nutty professor (Jack McGowran, sporting an Einstein wig); his timid \\"little guy\\" assistant (Polanksi himself, uncredited); the lecherous peasant innkeeper; his fat suspicious wife; and their luscious naive daughter. The scenes seem set up for laughs (there's much physical humor), but what transpires is never very funny; no one in the cast seems to have any comic spark. The film works much much better as an homage to Hammer Studios, but with even more atmospheric sets and beautiful camera sequences. Some of the horror sequences (the beginning chase of Polanski's sleigh by wolves in the moonlight; the great entrance of the head vampire through the innkeeper's bathroom skylight; the final minuet of the vampires) are absolutely astounding, and show where Polanksi's heart truly lies. The two most memorable performances are by Ferdy Mayne as a very aristocratic and commanding vampire of the old school (he's the one who makes the entrance through the skylight), and Sharon Tate as his lovely prey. Clearly this was a real labor of love for Polanski, and it's worth seeing just for the sets and the great short scare sequences, but the slow pacing and lack of laughs can be a real drag.
B001IF266C|5.0|Alison did it again.   After an incredible \\"de luxe\\" package for \\"Supernature\\", she achieved the same for \\"Seventh Tree\\" !   The cd comes with a 40 minutes DVD with incredible content: Goldfrapp playing live + video + tv appearences. Excelent purchase !
B00003003R|5.0|Slash is my guitar hero of all time. Unexpectedly Buckethead is just as great as he is, or even better. Try one of Buckethead's albums, you will fall in love with and finally get addicted to his underestimated talent. Buckethead can play any style as well as guitar god Jeff Beck. \\"Chinese Democracy\\" is definitely the best rock album since 1991. It got what the other great rock bands like Metallica, AC/DC, etc. are always missing: beautiful melodies. In fact, Axl's new album is way way better than any Slash or Duff's solo projects. If your religion is rock music, then Axl Rose is your God and his albums is your Bible. Buy more copies of this masterpiece for your family and friends to do them a huge favor!
0800141660|3.0|The adaptation of this movie is very good but not perfect. The characters portrayed their roles very well, but the eldest Ms. Dashwood in the movie looked a little bit older in her role. Overall, the movie was alright.
B001GZ6QDS|3.0|This film and Wall-E are the best of 2008 so far, in my opinion. They're certainly the only two I thought were worth going to the theater to see and the only two worth owning. Having received my copy of Wall-E, I still feel that way about that film. As for this one - not so much.<br /><br />\\"The Dark Knight\\" is a very inventive film, though somewhat misnamed. I didn't think that Batman was that dark. That title goes to Batman's nemesis, \\"The Joker\\". A much talkier Joker than Jack Nicholson's 1989 incarnation, we see this Joker as someone who just enjoys destruction, a truly dark figure indeed whose jokes had me feeling uneasy with myself for laughing at them where Nicholson was obviously just trying to approach dark camp in his version. I doubt it will even get nominated for Best Picture - doubtless it will be nominated for those awards reserved for action films that the Academy doesn't deem worthy of its highest honor - Best Sound, Best Art Direction, etc. However, I hope that Ledger's Joker does not get overlooked. The greatness of his performance is not being overblown due to his untimely death. It just marries a great tragedy to a performance that I thought could not have topped what he accomplished in \\"Brokeback Mountain\\", but at least tied it.<br /><br />Now for the DVD. Warner Bros. usually puts out much better DVD presentations than this. This is exactly what you are getting in the two disc edition:<br />Disc 1: The film and nothing else.<br />Disc 2:<br />1. Gotham Uncovered: Creation of a Scene- How Christopher Nolan and His team developed the new Bat-Suit and the amazing Bat-pod, AND Composer Hans Zimmer on musically characterizing the Joker's Reign of Chaos.<br />2. The Dark Knight IMAX scenes - view these 6 action-packed sequences - shot on the largest format possible - in their original IMAX framing, just as they were intended: Prologue, Hong Kong, Armored Car Chase, Lamborghini Crash, Prewitt Building and Final Montage.<br />3. Gotham Tonight - 6 Episodes of Gotham Cable's Premier News Program<br />4. The Galleries - Poster Art, Production Stills, Trailers<br /><br />Thus there is no commentary on the film at all and not much in the way of extra features. I can figure only two explanations for this:<br />1. Warner Home Video is channeling MGM/UA for some reason and has suddenly forgotten that presentation matters.<br />2. Warner Home Video feels like they are doing all of us non Blu-Ray customers a favor by even giving us a standard DVD presentation and this is all part of an effort to push us towards buying overpriced Blu for everything all of the time.<br /><br />My recommendation: Rent this film, do not buy it, especially if you are a standard DVD customer.<br /><br />I arrived at my score of 3 stars as follows:<br />5 stars for the film<br />2 stars for the presentation<br />Average = 3.5<br />I round down to 3 because it couldn't have been that hard to put meaningful extras on such a recent film that Warners knew was likely to be a blockbuster.ws Program  4. The Galleries - Poster Art, Production Stills, Trailers    Thus there is no commentary on the film at all and not much in the way of extra features. I can figure only two explanations for this:  1. Warner Home Video is channeling MGM/UA for some reason and has suddenly forgotten that presentation matters.  2. Warner Home Video feels like they are doing all of us non Blu-Ray customers a favor by even giving us a standard DVD presentation and this is all part of an effort to push us towards buying overpriced Blu for everything all of the time.    My recommendation: Rent this film, do not buy it, especially if you are a standard DVD customer.     I arrived at my score of 3 stars as follows:  5 stars for the film  2 stars for the presentation  Average = 3.5  I round down to 3 because it couldn't have been that hard to put meaningful extras on such a recent film that Warners knew was likely to be a blockbuster.
1594201749|4.0|This is a book that truly inspires. I think the author wants to deliberately focus on the Rugby World Cup of 1995 and the rapprochement that it wrought between ordinary black and white South Africans. He chooses to completely disregard the Inkatha-ANC violence in the context of a power shift and focuses on how Mandela won the white South Africans over to the idea of a \\"rainbow nation\\". Reading these books makes you want to cry out for the same sensibility in other societies torn by violence and hatred.    I think this group of folks who formed the first government of post-apartheid South Africa were an absolutely exceptional group. Walter Sisulu, Bishop Tutu, Cyril Ramaphosa, Uncle Thabo et al are very good folks compared to the surrounding statesmen of Africa. Of course, Mandiba Mandela's role was the key to the thaw in relations between the various white and black communities.    Back to the book at hand. It is a truly inspiring work that seeks to look at various personalities at all levels of society in South Africa and explains their transformation in their own words.    Read this and go to sleep dreaming better dreams. Tomorrow will look rosier...
B0000TLA9G|5.0|Slash is my guitar hero of all time. Unexpectedly Buckethead is just as great as he is, or even better. Try one of Buckethead's albums, you will fall in love with and finally get addicted to his underestimated talent. Buckethead can play any style as well as guitar god Jeff Beck. \\"Chinese Democracy\\" is definitely the best rock album since 1991. It got what the other great rock bands like Metallica, AC/DC, etc. are always missing: beautiful melodies. In fact, Axl's new album is way way better than any Slash or Duff's solo projects. If your religion is rock music, then Axl Rose is your God and his albums is your Bible. Buy more copies of this masterpiece for your family and friends to do them a huge favor!
B00005MP58|5.0|This movie is highly recommended to watch and own.....the actors and actresses were very good in each of their own parts. Very well portrayed. I'm sure you will love this movie. The best of the very best!
B000002TQV|5.0|I like experimental, but this is just a classic, easy-access album that truly has endeared.
0545128285|5.0|No doubt about it.  JK Rowling is a literary genius.  This book is great on many levels, being a collection of magical fairy tales that will entertain young and old alike.  Dumbledore's commentaries that follow each tale are aimed at a slightly more mature audience, but in a way that young readers will have no problem comprehending.  The tales themselves are perfect for bedtime stories (with the possible exception of 'The Warlock's Hairy Heart', since the bloodshed at the end might upset kids under ten) for the little ones.  I, as a grown-up mother of three, read the whole thing cover to cover in a few hours time, loving every word, as I'm sure my 13-year-old son will.    The five tales each have a valuable moral lesson as well as being fun to read.      Highly recommended.  Harry Potter fans are sure to love it, and I can't think of a reason anyone wouldn't like this book.
B000000OQY|5.0|Slash is my guitar hero of all time. Unexpectedly Buckethead is just as great as he is, or even better. Try one of Buckethead's albums, you will fall in love with and finally get addicted to his underestimated talent. Buckethead can play any style as well as guitar god Jeff Beck. \\"Chinese Democracy\\" is definitely the best rock album since 1991. It got what the other great rock bands like Metallica, AC/DC, etc. are always missing: beautiful melodies. In fact, Axl's new album is way way better than any Slash or Duff's solo projects. If your religion is rock music, then Axl Rose is your God and his albums is your Bible. Buy more copies of this masterpiece for your family and friends to do them a huge favor!
B00003JRCQ|2.0|I haven't read the book but this movie is not very well presented. A very poor adaptation of the said movie with very lousy actors and actresses portraying their roles. Rent the movie for viewing. Not worth owning it.
0956010903|5.0|I'm a gigantic Harry Potter fan, so when I saw that Amazon was offering a collector's edition of \\"Beedle the Bard,\\" I knew I had to have a copy. I was a bit offset by the price, especially since I'm an only an 18 year old with bills of my own to pay and not a lot of extra cash, but based on the photos and description I knew that I needed a copy.    I got standard shipping on mine, so I was able to read the reviews of many people who had gotten their books earlier and had experienced some problems with the condition of their book. I was worried about how my copy would look, but when I got my copy last night, all worries were pushed aside. My copy was in perfect condition, and looked amazing. I was thrilled with the larger, \\"tome\\" outside copy, and was ecstatic when I opened it and pulled my copy of the actual book out of the velvet case. The detail on everything is beautiful, and the whole package is just gorgeous. Throw in the art prints, and you've got yourselves one great Harry Potter collectible.    I only had one problem with both the book and the seller, respectively. I felt that the text in the book was a bit annoying if you actually planned on reading your copy. It's done with the \\"Tim Burton's Nightmare\\" font (otherwise known as the font from \\"The Nightmare Before Christmas\\"), which is sort of distracting and makes it more annoying to read. I realize that if you bought this copy you're probably keeping it for more of a collectible than for actual reading material, but just be warned that if you're buying this with the intention of reading it, that you might just want to buy a copy of the standard edition to do your reading instead. I found the normal text in the standard edition much less distracting and more easier to read than the text in this edition.    As for the seller, the only problem I had was with the way that Amazon packaged this. The book arrived in a box that was almost twice the size of the book itself, and the only protection for the book wasa slide-over cardboard cover that was wrapped in plastic; there was no bubble wrap, no packing peanuts, no shipping paper - nothing - else that was protecting the book from the rest of the box, meaning that there was a heck of a lot of extra room for the book to move around in. I can only imagine how many times my book was thrown against the sides of the box, and I'm guessing that's why some people had the imperfections on their books that they did. However, as I said, my arrived in fine condition, so I wouldn't give it any less stars for that.    Overall, this is definitely something that every Potter fan should add to their collection. The book itself is gorgeous, and something that is well-worth the price!
0956010903|5.0|I got this today (on my birthday, no less), and it was better than I'd really expected.  After seeing the cheap build quality of things like the Harry's trunk from the complete book series, I had my doubts.  As soon as I saw the special Amazon box, I knew it was going to be good.  The outer book is great quality, although I was hoping it would match the first additions in size, not a big deal.  The inner book presentation is amazing.  The materials are excellent, and its got a nice, heavy feel in your hand.  Leather, metal, paper: all great.  Much closer to the original than I thought.  Other people who say the quality is not as high, I'm not sure what more they want.  There is not a thread out of place, no glue coming out of seams, nothing to detract at all.  As mentioned, even all the special Amazon packaging makes it feel like it's worth the money.  Overall, I could not be more pleased.  If I had one gripe (although not a surprise), I was hoping it would be copied page-for-page from the original, i.e. copies of the handwritten pages, but it is in fact typeset after the first couple pages.  If you are a fan of the books, don't let this pass you by.  It is as much a part of the HP lexicon as years 1-7. There are millions of fans who won't be able to get their hands on this, but someday my kids will be able to open this great package the way I did today.
0060853972|5.0|A book about Angels, Demons, An 11 year old Anti-Christ, Armageddon and the end of the world. It's sacrilegious & hilarious, with startling moments of insight about human nature and, through no fault of their own, theological truth. (Oh, not about the end of the world, but most definitely about the ineffable ways of God.)<br /><br />Did I mention it's hilarious? I too literally laughed out loud while reading this book!<br /><br />The story starts out at the very beginning when an Angel and a Demon hold a conversation about the ousting of Man and Woman from the Garden of Eden. It then jumps ahead thousands of years to present day.<br /><br />The Angel Aziraphale is still around, awaiting the final days as a part time antique book collector. The Demon- once known as Crawly because of his part in the fall of Man- has changed his name to a more palatable Crowley and is doing his part to irritate the sons of man by screwing with traffic and tying up phone lines. Crowley has just been notified that its time. The Anti-Christ- that much prophesied Son of Satan- is about to be born and it's time for Crowley to step up and make sure the spawn of the devil is sent to the right home.<br /><br />Only Crowley isn't so much interested in ending the world. He likes it here. And so does the Angel Aziraphale. But they go about their business anyway, because after all, that's what they were created to do, setting things into motion that will bring about the final battle of good and evil. Yeah, Crowley messes it up, but somehow, like much of the things that happen in this book- and in life, really- it was all part of the Grand Scheme, anyway.<br /><br />I loved this book! My favorite bit was how these authors bring the notorious characters from Revelations into the 21st century- the four horseman in particular! (I.E. Famine invented starving yourself to be fashionable, nouvelle cuisine, & fast food chains.  Very Clever!)<br /><br />This book came to me as recommendation, - so I'm passing it along to you! If you haven't read it yet, you MUST!ng it along to you! If you haven't read it yet, you MUST!
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|First off, I love coldplay, I got everyone of their albums. But simply put, this is dissapointing.   Brian Eno wrecked Coldplay, He destroyed any song form and tried to make a soft prog rock, why? cuz he thinks its coming back into style. They were just trying to stay ahead pf everyone instead of just making good music. They have some many fans because they make really good pies,..why would they stop making them?
0545128285|5.0|I pre-ordered item and I got it on the release dated. I was worried shipping would have it hear after, Great shipping by Amazon.  Book really for children not like the Harry Potter series but fun to read, Since it was sealed in J.K.'s muggles do not open or sell before December the 4th, box, I had to buy another.
0060589280|4.0|As a pretty, young teenager in Brasil, Maria, partly by accident and perhaps partly by design, gets recruited for a prostitution ring in Europe. She works in a restaurant/bar with other prostitutes, earns some money, gains some independence but feels yearnings toward greater things. She becomes torn between someone she loves and someone who offers a strange,fascinating but dangerous area of sexuality and sensation. Ultimately she must choose. The book is based on conversations Coelho had with a woman who led such a life and the book reflects this authenticity and avoids the sensationalism of the subject for more thought-provoking ideas.
031606792X|5.0|After reading some of the critiques here, I was almost afraid to read this book.  But the magnetic pull of Meyer's writing had me read it anyway - and I am glad I did.  I loved this story.  Thats what it is - a story.  This isn't great literature, it is fiction.  There are people who read for enjoyment!  This was a very enjoyable story to read, in fact it is the only one of the books that I have considered re-reading.  Don't be afraid!  Also, for those who might think that there are gratuitious sex scenes - there are not, just the reference to passion and sex itself, and it is only after Bella and Edward are married.
6305327041|2.0|Ted the Bellhop: I'm in a situation I can't begin to explain<br /><br />Four Rooms is a project where four directors each write and direct a segment, all dealing with Ted the Bellhop (Tim Roth) in a hotel on New Year's Eve. In this case, old acquaintances should be forgot, and the Bellhop is not getting a tip. Though Tim Roth is a good actor, he couldn't save this project, and with four directors, four directions, it was a case of too many cooks spoiling the broth. In Tarantino's segment he refers to the movie \\"The Bell Boy,\\" and Jerry Lewis' performance in which he never uttered a single word. Genius it was, but Tim Roth is no Jerry Lewis, nor is he a Charlie Chaplin, or even a Johnny Depp playing a lost soul with a Buster Keaton fixation such as he did in \\"Benny and Joon.\\" The role was created with Steve Buscemi in mind, but even he couldn't have saved this project.<br /><br />Since the duties were split four ways, the blame can also be divvied up, but Quentin seems to be the chief instigator, and he had the audacity to not only write, direct, and star in his segment, but he was annoying in all three capacities. Though it went nowhere, the first segment was entertaining for a few brief seconds, just because it featured a bevy of beauties, Madonna, Lili Taylor, Ione Skye, Amanda De Cadenet, etc., as a coven of witches; and Alicia Witt as Madonna's bratty young punque roque girlfriend. I heart Alicia Witt, because she is a smart and sassy red head. Kathy Griffin, another sassy red head, is also wasted in \\"Four Rooms.\\" Flashdancer Jennifer Beals appears in two of the four rooms, but even though my niece said it was the best movie ever, I say it was just an excuse for a bunch of actors and directors to goof off.<br /><br />Directed & Written by<br />Allison Anders  (segment \\"The Missing Ingredient\\")<br />Alexandre Rockwell  (segment \\"The Wrong Man\\")<br />Robert Rodriguez  (segment \\"The Misbehavers\\")<br />Quentin Tarantino  (segment \\"The Man from Hollywood\\")<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00005JM8K Gas Food Lodging]] (1992) ... Directed by Alison Annders [Ione Skye was Trudi]<br />[[ASIN:B0001Y4MPE 13 Moons]] (2002) ... Directed by Alexandre Rockwell [Jennifer Beals was Suzi]<br />[[ASIN:B0000A2ZTY El Mariachi (Special Edition)]] (1992) ... Directed by Robert Rodriguez<br />[[ASIN:B000UAE7O0 Grindhouse Presents, Planet Terror - Extended and Unrated (Two-Disc Special Edition)]] (2007) ... [Quentin Tarantino's segment \\"Death Proof\\" Robert Rodriguez's segment was \\"Planet Terror\\"]<br />[[ASIN:B00009OWJX The Rachel Papers]] (1989) .... Ione Skye was Rachel Noyce [Amanda De Cadenet was Cathy]<br />[[ASIN:B00008G7UK Say Anything]] ... (1989) .... Ione Skye was Diane Court [Lili Taylor was Corey Flood]<br />[[ASIN:B000053VAX River's Edge]] (1986) (as Ione Skye Leitch) .... Ione Skye was Clarissa<br />[[ASIN:B00005JKG5 Flashdance]] (1983) .... Jennifer Beals was Alex Owens<br />[[ASIN:B000085OY0 Dogfight]] (1991) .... Lili Taylor was Rose<br />[[ASIN:B000059MQ1 Playing Mona Lisa]] (2000) .... Alicia Witt was Claire Goldstein<br /><br />Kiva: You're not my mother.<br />Elspeth: Yes I am.<br />Kiva: Then why are we sleeping together?odging]] (1992) ... Directed by Alison Annders [Ione Skye was Trudi]    [[ASIN:B0001Y4MPE 13 Moons]] (2002) ... Directed by Alexandre Rockwell [Jennifer Beals was Suzi]  [[ASIN:B0000A2ZTY El Mariachi (Special Edition)]] (1992) ... Directed by Robert Rodriguez  [[ASIN:B000UAE7O0 Grindhouse Presents, Planet Terror - Extended and Unrated (Two-Disc Special Edition)]] (2007) ... [Quentin Tarantino's segment \\"Death Proof\\" Robert Rodriguez's segment was \\"Planet Terror\\"]    [[ASIN:B00009OWJX The Rachel Papers]] (1989) .... Ione Skye was Rachel Noyce [Amanda De Cadenet was Cathy]   [[ASIN:B00008G7UK Say Anything]] ... (1989) .... Ione Skye was Diane Court [Lili Taylor was Corey Flood]  [[ASIN:B000053VAX River's Edge]] (1986) (as Ione Skye Leitch) .... Ione Skye was Clarissa   [[ASIN:B00005JKG5 Flashdance]] (1983) .... Jennifer Beals was Alex Owens   [[ASIN:B000085OY0 Dogfight]] (1991) .... Lili Taylor was Rose   [[ASIN:B000059MQ1 Playing Mona Lisa]] (2000) .... Alicia Witt was Claire Goldstein     Kiva: You're not my mother.   Elspeth: Yes I am.   Kiva: Then why are we sleeping together?
B0018QCXGY|5.0|Seriously, this movie is great. The first time I saw it in theaters, I was on the edge of my seat. The hand held style of filming really draws you in to the action. I felt and cared for the characters. The monster looks really cool. Its got action, adventure, horror, romance, and some funny moments. The sound in the movie are realistic, clear, and of top notch quality. I highly recommend watching Cloverfield. You will feel like you are with the characters trying to get through a dangerous situation. It has become one of my favorite movies.
B001DHXT20|5.0|Great freakin movie. Goes right with Iron Man. It's worth your money. The last Hulk movie put me to sleep. With it being as long as it was and there being very little action, who can blame me? Even though I think all of the extended scenes should've been kept in the movie. Enjoy!
6301934229|5.0|One of the best from the 80's.    Rutger Hauer is great as the psycho.    Screw the remake,go out & rent/buy the original,trust me,u will love it.    o.k. laters.
B000UGG39Q|5.0|Pretty much the perfect mixture of both NOLA and II. II was kinda off because the whole band was doped up on some kind of drug. But this one is a good time. It's good to hear Phil still scream and what not. My personal favorites are Three Suns and One Star and I Scream. Good tunes. If you like southern rock/ metal, Down is your band, and this is a great album to add to your collection.
1595141715|5.0|Clay Jensen comes home to find a package, he opens it and finds cassettes.  On the first side labeled one, on the flip side labeled two all the way up to 13.  Clay plays the tape and side labeled one, he can't believe that its Hannah Baker talking.  Hannah had just committed suicide and Clay finds out that there is 13 reasons that Hannah decided to do what she did, and he's one of them.  On one night Hannah takes him around the town and Clay finds out what it felt like for Hannah.<br />The book was amazing, it starts on pretty much the first couple of pages and it doesn't slow down.  I never wanted to stop reading.  And you learn that even if you think you didn't do anything wrong or you think its funny you might really being making a difference.  The whole book is kind of sad.  I'd highly recommend to 8th grade and up!
0060832819|1.0|This is by far one of the worst books I have read. I was determined to see it to the end and finished it in 3 days. I gave Coelho a chance, seeing how he seems to be a prominent new author. Not only is his writing style poor, uninspiring and most of all DRY, his characters lack life, direction, meaning, depth, and float in this hazy nonsensical world he creates without any intention to deliver a real message. I am disappointed to say that there is nothing in this book worth reading or raving or recommending. Move on and find something better.
B000028U0Y|5.0|The accoustics in my home make Johnny Cash and Folsom bounce off my 12 foot ceilings in a eerie lifelike sensation. Even as a \\"Rock\\" fan I got this thru \\"pepsi points\\" and have really enjoyed it.The sound effects are really cool along with the songs; only Cash could do these songs justice. \\"hear that whistle blowin\\"  oops it was just my tea kettle. You can really have a ball with this recording and  just a little imagination.
1416595546|5.0|British non-fiction writer Simon Montefiore has leveraged much of the research he did for his two Stalin biographies and his personal experience in the \\"new Russia\\" to create a panoramic historical novel about the birth, life and aftermath of the Soviet Union, as seen through the life of a true believer, Alexandra Samuilovich Zeitlin, known by her diminutive \\"Sashenka\\".<br /><br />The story is told in three lengthy vignettes - the first of which takes place in 1916-17 in St. Petersburg, recently renamed Petrograd, as World War I takes place.  Sashenka, a 16-year boarding school student and daughter of a wealthy oil baron, lives a secret life as a Bolshevik-in-training, led on by her maternal uncle Mendel, a fictional member of the Central Committee.  Sashenka grows up fast, as does the revolution around her--the masses take over the instruments of government and the Tsar abdicates long before the determined, yet idealistic band of Bolsheviks (led of course by Lenin, who was in Geneva at the time of the uprising) believe such an event to be possible according to Marxist theory.<br /><br />In chilling Part II, Sashenka reappears as the model Soviet wife, married to a Chekist (precursor to KGB) and herself the successful editor of the Ladies Home Journal of the Soviet Union, \\"Soviet Wife and Protelariat Housekeeping\\".  It's 1939, just after \\"The Terror\\", a Stalin-led spate of paranoia that resulted in the execution of many party loyalists. However, their dedication to the Soviet cause has allowed them to survive and earned them both a city apartment and a comfortable dacha in the forest.  They also have two beautiful young children, on which they both dote. Their life is the Soviet ideal - in fact, even Comrade Stalin pays an unexpected and pleasant visit to their home during one May Day celebration.<br /><br />As for intrigue, let's just say that Sashenka's inability or unwillingness to completely cloak her sexuality in drab Soviet-made gray, plants the seeds for a thorny future.<br /><br />Most chilling are Montefiore's descriptions of the both clinical and brutal techniques employed by the Cheka to coerce \\"confessions\\", and their scorched earth policy regarding \\"Enemies of the State\\" - uninvolved family members, even young children, were afforded no protection or leniency in most cases.<br /><br />Flashes of humanity illuminate the grim story, leaving some hope for its conclusion, which takes place in modern-day Russia.  Young history grad student Katinka is hired by an aging woman (whose son has struck it rich as an oligarch) to research her 20th century family history in hopes of identifying her birth parents.  This is apparently a common predicament of Russian citizens in their 60s and 70s, whose parents may have been killed or exiled as \\"Enemies of the State\\", leaving the children to state care or adoption.  The Russian government has opened the Soviet archives (in their idealistic fervor, the Soviets kept detailed notes), which provides the historian with many clues but few answers.<br /><br />Montefiore does great work in conveying the setting and frantic mood of St. Petersburg at the eve of revolution.  He also captures the struggle between secrecy and ideological purity, and humanity and family that plagued everyday Soviet citizens, even those as dedicated to the system as Sashenka.  The third sections focus on the genealogical mystery leaves us a little less steeped in the lives of modern-day Russians.<br /><br />Sashenka's story is compelling in vignettes one and two.  The focus of the third vignette, historian Katinka can't quite measure up to Sashenka, though she probably shouldn't.<br /><br />Five stars for an energetic read, for a look at three critical segments of Russian history, and for important messages on the nature of humanity.  It probably helped me to have read several books with Soviet themes (\\"Young Stalin\\", \\"The Gulag Archipelago\\") so recently, but I think that anyone who enjoys historical fiction would enjoy \\"Sashenka\\".<br /><br />One last note - the book sent to be by Amazon Vine was anything but a pre-publication ARC.  It was a beautifully bound edition with appealing cover art, apparently identical to those that will hit the shelves when Simon and Schuster try to sell Montefiore's book in earnest.  Thanks S&S and Amazon Vine!Amazon Vine was anything but a pre-publication ARC.  It was a beautifully bound edition with appealing cover art, apparently identical to those that will hit the shelves when Simon and Schuster try to sell Montefiore's book in earnest.  Thanks S&S and Amazon Vine!
B001KPYNR0|5.0|What more can be said but that Enya has done it again...a wonderful album with a nice mix of Christmas theme and wintery songs....this is probably her best release since Watermark...every song is beautiful and flows nicely...    Highly recommended...you'll love it...and download from Amazon...
B00003CXZ1|5.0|If you are a fan of the Tomb Raider games, Angelina Jolie, or action movies where you don't need to think, then this is the film for you. I absolutely love this movie as well as the second, although I believe this one has a better story-line. This is a great action flick and Angelina Jolie performed well. She did all her own stunts which makes the movie more believable. It's a great film for anyone from the age of a teenager on up.
B001N0E40I|5.0|Like the young heroine of [[ASIN:B001ICBI5U Coraline]], Neil Gaiman holds a peepstone that illuminates the gems of reality hidden in the shallow constructs that pass for modern children's literature.<br /><br />This was a terrific choice for my 13-year-old daughter: imaginative and creepy enough to demand her attention for a full day; satisfying and redemptive without a shadow of moralizing; and chock full of original and compelling imagery.<br /><br />Don't tell your child that Coraline isn't really the scariest [children's] book ever. That honor belongs to [[ASIN:0671042858 The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon]]. But King's masterpiece is really too edgy and painful for a thirteen year old.
B00177YA1K|5.0|I loved this movie. Will Smith is hilarious in it, as is Tommy Lee Jones. It is great for everyone, even the younger crowd. This version is the basic version meaning: no special features. If you are okay with that, or don't want to spend more money, then I would recommend this version. However, there are a lot of pretty cool special features including the music video by Will Smith on the 2-disc version which I would recommend buying instead. I bought this and am satisfied with it although it would have been nice to see the behind-the-scenes stuff.
031606792X|4.0|I came late in the whole Twilight - actually a week after Breaking Dawn came out. But I feel in love instantly with Bella and Edward. It was a great romance story. Girl moves to town that she hates, finds town has a couple secrets, falls for one of those secrets, secrets saves her in the end. And add that the secret is that he is hundred year old vampire is not sure if he wants her or her blood more, and you have a great love story.   The thing is Twilight could stand on it own as a great romance story, reviling that of Pride and Prejudice and Romeo and Juliet. All in all it's a great fairytale. Meyers took that fairytale and in her next three installments gave it reality. She made it into a story about a relationship - just that it's between vampire and girl - in all the problems that are in one.   Do I think Breaking Dawn is a good book - not on its own. The plot is somewhat odd to begin with. Where New Moon was the transition from that fairytale to the reality of a relationship (we do stupid things when we are in love). Eclipse dealt with the issues surrounding those mistakes (Jacob issue, the leaving issue, Bella now has to become a vampire issue or she will be killed because Edward jumped to a conclusion). Breaking Dawn is attempt to make the characters tie up lose ends. But I really felt the person who voice should have been the major player, and never was, was Edward.   Edward had a lot happening that I think should have be addressed more - much more than the other characters. First all was the dilemma of turning Bella into vampire. It something he both wants more than anything and doesn't agree with (talk about major conflict there), second during the pregnancy him dealing with the thing that is killing Bella (Ness) is his doing, his family wouldn't help him or listen to him about it, and add the one guy he can't stand, is protecting his family you have a very good story and at the end become friends. We never see much of Edward, and I think he gets lost, screaming out that he had more emotional things happening to him than Bella and Jacob. Bella has won, she got what she wanted at the end of Eclipse (Edward and vampire). Jacob is bitter, but not falling apart - we believe he will go off and imprint on some luck girl when he less expects it which goes into my next grip about the book.   The second thing I think Breaking Dawn lack is a closure for Jacob. To me, his imprinting on Ness was a cop out. It was like Meyers couldn't handle one of her characters not having a happy ending so just pulled something out of her hat. Jacob is not my favorite character; mostly I found him immature and whinny for my taste. If you are going to have romantic rival, they need to be a rival, not someone who is as annoying as your kid brother. But, I did felt bad he was still left dangling - let's let him fall in love with the baby and call it a day. No sorry, he should have fallen for Tanya or Kate, released that vampires have feeling too and apologies to Edward and Bella for being such a bigoted.  I personally thought the battle was good, not all wars are won with blood shed and most of them would have died, for just standing up saying the kid wasn't evil. And I love it that Bella went from the weakest player to the strongest player in the story. Even Edward accepted her like that - which is a great nod to feminist everywhere, that you can have a sexy, knight in shining arm that will let you slay the dragon too. She puts fear into the Volturi.  Plus if she ever wants to continue the story on, she left a very good plot wide open. Personally I think a series about Nessie and Volturi going after her would be great. Kill Jacob, add a new romantic interest - maybe a human and put a spin on the whole damsel in distress thing. Sorry Jacob.     As for Bella going vampire - it had to happen. She couldn't stay human forever, and what better way for her to show how much she loves him than to give up her life (so to speak) for him.   All in all I found the book good. It had a happy ending where two of my favorite literature couples are happy; they see hope and the world is right.   Do I think most teenage girls would understand it, nope - but I think in ten years when they experience their first real love, their first real heartache and their first stupid mistake while being in those relationships. I think they will appreciate what the books are about.
B000B8QG4A|5.0|I grew up watching and rewatching this movie. I absolute adored this story and the film as a child and I had to buy it when it came out on DVD. I still watch it to this day. I highly recommend this for families. Children will love it and adults will love it. An all around fantastic disney movie for the family.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|I first heard about this movie on Rotten Tomatoes where they displayed the red band trailer.  The blurb was that Guillermo Del Toro gave the film his seal of approval or something to that effect.  Instantly I thought \\"This must be good!\\"  Turned out to be one of the most satisfying, disturbing, shock and awe movies I had ever seen.      I dare say this movie might just be better than The Dark Knight as my fav movie of '08 for the simple reason that John Ajvide Lindqvist, Tomas Alfredson, and their band of merry cast and crew achieved the same shock and awe that Nolan did with TDK on only 2% of the budget.  Speaking of Christopher Nolan, he used to be a low budget master as well and there's no reason for Alfredson and his cast and crew of this film not to follow his path to greatness if they keep at the craft.  The story will blow your mind, the camerawork is phenomenal, the acting is spot on, and the soundtrack is sorrowfully gut wrenching.      I regret to say that this movie had such a limited release, and on top of that, Twilight stole most of LTROI's thunder in the states.  Not only that, but my other big regret is that this is one of those stories where it's so damn good, you wish there will be a sequel and yet know deep in the back of your mind there probably won't be one given that the actors won't be able to stay young.  That's the big reason I'm rooting for a US remake while others are booing it: It's the closest we'll get to a sequel.  There's plenty of good remakes out there if you open your eyes a little.  I just hope Matt Reeves treats the story with the same care and respect that Alfredson did.
B0000640SA|5.0|This is a unqiue film and can be confusing at times because everything happens backwards. So I highly suggest watching the special features first because it helps explain the movement of the film and gets you prepared. Otherwise, the viewer may get lost. The story is about Leonard, so traumatized by a blow to the head after his wife's rape and murder, that he has lost his short-term memory sohe  takes Polaroids of everyone he meets and writes notes on them so he can remember them later. He also has tattoos all over his body which are all reminders as well.<br /><br />This film was meant to be somewhat confusing for the viewer because it is confusing for the main character as well, who is our guide throughout this film.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this film and it is definitely worth the buy. I would highly suggest getting the two-disc limited edition because it has some helpful extras which make the movie a little easier to understand for the viewer
B000089J0R|4.0|Power metal is a genre that favors the bold and the fast, and this debut effort from Liverpool's finest established a new mark for fluent, technical metal that still delivers the heroic lyrics.  Definitely music to ride into battle to, with clean vocals you don't need the liner notes to decipher (yeah, I'm a wuss like that sometimes).  An entirely worthy beginning to the Dragonforce phenomenon, and a damn fine album in its own right.
B001LJZ3AG|5.0|[[ASIN:B001DO2WT4 Nikon Coolpix S560 - Cherry Blossom]]I'm 59 and am still mesmerized by their music. I can pick it out any time it's played anywhere. I have to refresh my collection though, because my records just don't do the justice anymore! (that should tell you how long I've listened to this great group even amongst it's controversy)
0439023483|5.0|When I started to read this amazing book I couldn't put it down. I had read Stephen King's review on it after I had finished it. It's such a mind blowing book but with a nature of kindness. What Katniss goes through is just a brought on adventure. I'm waiting very \\"patiently,\\" for the next book Catching Fire that I hear will be released in September 2009. That date is not coming fast enough but thankfully I have Just After Sunset to read and other books. But I love this book and have recommended it to many people. (:
B000SXOGW2|3.0|The lyrics were definitely worthy of true Pink Floyd, but the music lacked the traditional \\"out of body experience\\" that other albums have provided.
B00177Y9ZC|5.0|He can instantly beam (\\"jump\\") from one side of the world to the other, and take things and/or people with him. A totally amoral guy with superpowers, confronted by enemies driven by some kind of bible stuff morality.     The best shot in the movie is when he \\"jumps\\" one of London's double decker buses and aims it at his enemy. A highly enjoyable silly movie! (Silly because the bad guys are there only to give some sort of a plot to the whole madness). I have watched it twice, and will end up watching it again one of these days.
B000RJW1Y2|3.0|I paid $49.99 plus shipping from Amazon.com. First thing of note is that this wheel is notably small at 8\\" compared to the Logitech Momo and G25 (11\\"). That being said, I got use to the feel of it. The Bungie Cord system brings the wheel back to center every time. It auto installed and auto-calibrated itself on my Windows Vista computer, so those of you who have Vista need not wonder if this wheel will work for you. Due to my desk dimensions, I used Velcro Tape to secure the wheel to my desk and the pedals to the bottom of my desk and they are stable. The 8 programmable buttons plus D pad are a God send because the right side upshift lever broke after 25 hours of use, so be prepared to remap up and down shifting to the two top buttons on your wheel when this happens. Once I adjusted to shift re-mapping, everything was fine. Have only had it for 5 days, so we will see if it holds up over the long haul.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|This is another of my retro reviews for a product that has been around for quite awhile but I have never turned my attention to,until now.<br />First off I cannot believe the price drop that has occured since its' initial release;a drop of about $60-70.00....amazing.<br />This is a set NO Alien fan should be without.This is the WHOLE enchillada,and then some.What you get here are all four Alien movies,presented in their original widescreen formats and in two forms;in their original theatrical presentation AND in new director cuts.The most material added was in Aliens by director James Cameron and the least in the last,Alien Ressurection.I have viewed all movies in both versions and after viewing the directors' editions I have never watched anything else.The bonus footage is definitely a plus.<br />I have owned this set almost since its' inital release and I cannot tell you how many times I have watched and rewatched this series and it always keeps me coming back for more.Each film has been transferred wonderfully and everything,picture and sound wise,is as it should be.There is included here an extra disc with a multitude of fascinating extras and all in all the back slip cover tells us there are nearly 50 hours total worth of extras throughout the entire series discs.Just phenomenal.<br />Opening the set itself can be a bit unwieldy at first and takes time to get used to.It is folded into two large sections and when you take them out of the protective large cover/box it is in you lay them down and they fold out into two main parts.Each in turn folds out about three times in opposite directions so if you want to open the entire set you need ALOT of space underneath it.I would only recommend opening one section at a time.I found it a bit of a bugboo intially  but the more you play with it the more you get the hang of it.<br />\\"Alien\\" was a groundbreaking picture in its' day and the rest of the movies have kept that tradition alive and well and each new director/movie has expanded on that idea(with their own sense of vision) while keeping faithful to the Alien dictum.<br />20th Century Fox did a superb job on this set in its' release year of 2003 and did the franchise proud in doing so;easily standing the test of time.That is why it is so unfortunate to see the franchise being dragged down by Foxs' AVP series,especially the latest offering \\"Requiem\\".Whether Fox has the where withall to stop this slide is problematic.<br />However we do have this set to remind us(and Fox) what exactly the Alien franchise is all about/should be all about;good actors,good acting,good scipts,good direction,good special effects and an unerring sense of the essence and spirit of the Alien universe.These films in this set are the foundations of the series and are a must see/have for all Alien and Sci-Fi fans everywhere.At this price there is no time like right now to get your set.t idea(with their own sense of vision) while keeping faithful to the Alien dictum.  20th Century Fox did a superb job on this set in its' release year of 2003 and did the franchise proud in doing so;easily standing the test of time.That is why it is so unfortunate to see the franchise being dragged down by Foxs' AVP series,especially the latest offering \\"Requiem\\".Whether Fox has the where withall to stop this slide is problematic.  However we do have this set to remind us(and Fox) what exactly the Alien franchise is all about/should be all about;good actors,good acting,good scipts,good direction,good special effects and an unerring sense of the essence and spirit of the Alien universe.These films in this set are the foundations of the series and are a must see/have for all Alien and Sci-Fi fans everywhere.At this price there is no time like right now to get your set.
B001ED7C58|5.0|This CD is in my car stereo and is always ready for me to listen to it. This CD has so many good songs from popular artists as well as some that you have never heard of. It has helped me to expand my music library and I now have a few new favorite bands. So much good music.
B0017DJ3UW|5.0|Mariah sings some classic Christmas songs with great emotion and a fabulous voice.  I particularly love All I Want For Christmas!!!!  The best!
B001JNNDE2|5.0|After watching this movie with my hubby this movie was a totally eye opener since we both have been trying to expand our family ...this movie helped me understand what teenager are going through today ...their struggles and whats on their mind ...and napoleon wow a handsome young man i hopr my are as handsome and polite as he is .....LOVEd IT
B000000W5N|5.0|what can i say about this classic STONES CD? it gets no better than this with Mick & the boys... SOMEONE WITH \\"STICKY FINGERS\\" stole my CD & i purchased another one on Amazon.com...GREAT CD & LOVE \\"STICKY FINGERS\\"... ROCK OUT!!!!
B000R7HY0K|3.0|Tarentino created this movie as an homage to the old '70s exploitation films, including the bad editing and corny dialog. Some of these reviewers are lambasting the movie due to its lack of character development. Sheesh - its a Grindhouse movie, do you remember them. This film is an accurate copy of one of those films, so it works on that level.
B00005JPO1|3.0|Young biker Mutt Williams (to Indiana Jones): \\"So, what are you, like 80?\\"<br /><br />Some SPOILERS in this.<br /><br />See Indy battle the KGB!! Thrill to his sidekick's simian exploits!! Witness Chris Carter calling his lawyer!!<br /><br />Trying to be fair. Trying to be fair. But I guess I'm sipping a bit from a bottle of hater-ade right now. Firstly, by no means is this a terrible film, not with Spielberg at the helm. Any other picture, and I may even think it a four star film. But the Indiana Jones franchise should be held to a much higher standard. Only, I guess George Lucas wasn't satisfied with mucking up the Star Wars universe. Dude looked around, gazed at his belly button, and then arrived at the big epiphany: \\"Hey! Indiana Jones and space aliens!!\\" Spielberg and Ford should've flung him off a cliffhanger. INDIANA JONES AND THE KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL just goes to prove that it's better to strike when the iron's hot. Did it really take this long to come up with a working storyline? And then this is the best that could be worked out? I am hugely bumming right now. This fourth entry effectively takes away from the luster of the Indiana Jones franchise. STAR WARS EPISODE I: THE PHANTOM MENACE and STAR TREK V: THE FINAL FRONTIER are snickering at THE KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL. They might even be pointing fingers.<br /><br />It's been 19 years since INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE. With Harrison Ford now in his mid-60s, it's unrealistic that the film would have him still gallivanting in the World War II era, fighting Nazis. Truth is, I was actually looking forward to seeing our favorite archaeologist in a 1950s backdrop, which is more age-appropriate to him. The film touches on that decade's nervous tropes - the McCarthy paranoia, the fear of the atom bomb, the Cold War... And for villains, Indy gets the KGB, which is a fine institution for nefariousness, except that these guys aren't as classic or as contemptible as the Nazis; so, right there, something is diminished. On the other hand, the film does capture that vintage 1950s look. There's a fun scene in which Indy instigates a rumble at a vintage diner (to the tune of \\"Shake, Rattle and Roll\\") and then motors thru the college campus.<br /><br />It was George Lucas who came up with introducing a 1950s sci-fi B-movie element into the storyline, even though you can tell in the bonus features that Spielberg wasn't too enthused about it. But, moving on, there's always a fun pulp adventure element in the Find-the-Relic game in which Indy so often finds himself playing. The McGuffin here happens to be an ancient crystal skull, the return of which artifact to the fabled city of Akator (a.k.a. El Dorado) will, if the legends are true, grant unimaginable power to its bearer. So it's another race against time around the globe, with Indy this time going up against the psychic female KGB agent, Irina Spalko (Cate Blanchett, who is having fun).<br /><br />It sucks that Sean Connery insisted on staying retired, rather than reprising his role as Indy's dad. But at least Karen Black returns as the always feisty Marion Ravenwood, so there's still something of the familiar in this new continuity. Decades later, Marion and Indy still have unresolved issues. Shia Labeouf enters the franchise as the scowling, leather jacket sporting, hair-greased-back biker Mutt Williams -and I didn't like him much. There's a revelation about him later on which fails to stun anyone. Ray Winstone is here, as well, as Indy's untrustworthy ally, and John Hurt also, as a demented professor.<br /><br />Harrison Ford, despite the creakiness, only lets up a little with the action sequences, and reportedly, he performed a fair bit of his own stunts. Even in his dotage, Indy can still take infinite amounts of punishment. There's still very much a sense of those 1930s cliffhanger serials in this film. The movie starts out with a nifty set piece in a musty, gigantic military warehouse in Nevada, with Indy held at gunpoint and instructed to seek out a stowed-away relic. Longtime fans will recognize this warehouse, of course, and there's even a fond nod to the Ark. It's pretty cool, also, the clever manner in which Indy tracks down that relic. And when the guns start blazing, Indy demonstrates that he's still pretty spry for a sexagenarian, knocking heads and swinging thru the air with his trusty bullwhip. This extended sequence culminates with Indy silhoutted against a nuclear mushroom cloud. A pretty cool image.<br /><br />I used to think that THE KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL was a dumb title, until I heard the other ones being passed around (INDIANA JONES AND THE SAUCER MEN and INDIANA JONES AND THE ATTACK OF THE GIANT ANTS). One writer for the film, joking around, actually came out with my favorite, INDIANA JONES AND THE SON OF INDIANA JONES. Ah, well. There's bits of humor scattered throughout, including a very funny revisiting of Indy's ophiophobia. The action sequences are predictably dynamite stuff, with plenty of cliffhanger moments, that is, until they're undermined by a dose of silly buggers. One such is introduced in the elaborate Jungle Chase Which Takes Forever, which features Mutt precariously dueling with the KGB villainess on speeding vehicles and then swinging vine to vine with CG-created monkeys, at which point I threw up my own imaginary fedora in disgust. Also offputting is the tonal shift from occult in past films to sci-fi in this one. So, just when I thought I was done nitpicking, not only is the climax somewhat reminiscent of NATIONAL TREASURE 2, but its trite X-Files overtones has the film officially jumping the shark for me. George Lucas tried to hedge it, stating that, nuh-uh, these creatures weren't at all extraterrestrials, but, rather, interdimensional beings... who just happened to look like aliens. Ooookay.<br /><br />Two discs in this package. Disc one has the feature film, as well as two special features: \\"The Return of A Legend\\" (17 minutes long) and a pre-production segment (12 minutes). On Disc 2: an in-depth six-chaptered Production Diary (around 79 minutes, and you get your money's worth); \\"Warrior Makeup\\" - a segment about the extensive makeup process for the keloid-decorated jungle warriors and the mud warriors (5 minutes); the legend of \\"The Crystal Skulls\\" is explored and also how the production crew manufactures their likeness (10 minutes); \\"Iconic Props\\" - concerning the props used in the film (10 minutes); \\"The Effects of Indy\\" covers the CG f/x and the model work done, including the desert test town that gets blown up (22 minutes); \\"Adventures in Post-Production\\" covers Ben Burtt's sound design and John William's scoring of the film (12 minutes); \\"Closing: Team Indy\\" is a shout-out to the film crew's principals (3 minutes); Pre-Visualization Sequences - pre-vis is a rough animated storytelling device which, in this case, preps the crew for 3 action sequences (the Area 51 get-away, the jungle chase, and the ant attack; totalling 14 minutes); 5 galleries and 2 trailers; and a game demo of LEGO Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures, XBOX 360.<br /><br />There's a sense of trying too hard in this picture. I got the sense also that it was trying really hard to sell Mutt Williams to the audience, to the point where I felt threatened for the Indy character. So, while I'm so glad to see Indy still very much doing his thing, this movie leaves me feeling robbed. It's good that John Williams' theme song is along to make things feel more canon. I, for one, wouldn't mind another Indiana Jones film, if only so that Indy could bow out on a higher note. Harrison Ford may be past his prime as an action hero but, for his age, he still carries himself well, so another adventure is still do-able. But if Ford wants to retire Indy, then I hope the movie studio isn't contemplating plonking a fedora on Shia LaBoeuf's noggin and handing him a bullwhip. Because there will be an uprising.eld at gunpoint and instructed to seek out a stowed-away relic. Longtime fans will recognize this warehouse, of course, and there's even a fond nod to the Ark. It's pretty cool, also, the clever manner in which Indy tracks down that relic. And when the guns start blazing, Indy demonstrates that he's still pretty spry for a sexagenarian, knocking heads and swinging thru the air with his trusty bullwhip. This extended sequence culminates with Indy silhoutted against a nuclear mushroom cloud. A pretty cool image.<br /><br />I used to think that THE KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL was a dumb title, until I heard the other ones being passed around (INDIANA JONES AND THE SAUCER MEN and INDIANA JONES AND THE ATTACK OF THE GIANT ANTS). One writer for the film, joking around, actually came out with my favorite, INDIANA JONES AND THE SON OF INDIANA JONES. Ah, well. There's bits of humor scattered throughout, including a very funny revisiting of Indy's ophiophobia. The action sequences are predictably dynamite stuff, with plenty of cliffhanger moments, that is, until they're undermined by a dose of silly buggers. One such is introduced in the elaborate Jungle Chase Which Takes Forever, which features Mutt precariously dueling with the KGB villainess on speeding vehicles and then swinging vine to vine with CG-created monkeys, at which point I threw up my own imaginary fedora in disgust. Also offputting is the tonal shift from occult in past films to sci-fi in this one. So, just when I thought I was done nitpicking, not only is the climax somewhat reminiscent of NATIONAL TREASURE 2, but its trite X-Files overtones has the film officially jumping the shark for me. George Lucas tried to hedge it, stating that, nuh-uh, these creatures weren't at all extraterrestrials, but, rather, interdimensional beings... who just happened to look like aliens. Ooookay.<br /><br />Two discs in this package. Disc one has the feature film, as well as two special features: \\"The Return of A Legend\\" (17 minutes long) and a pre-production segment (12 minutes). On Disc 2: an in-depth six-chaptered Production Diary (around 79 minutes, and you get your money's worth); \\"Warrior Makeup\\" - a segment about the extensive makeup process for the keloid-decorated jungle warriors and the mud warriors (5 minutes); the legend of \\"The Crystal Skulls\\" is explored and also how the production crew manufactures their likeness (10 minutes); \\"Iconic Props\\" - concerning the props used in the film (10 minutes); \\"The Effects of Indy\\" covers the CG f/x and the model work done, including the desert test town that gets blown up (22 minutes); \\"Adventures in Post-Production\\" covers Ben Burtt's sound design and John William's scoring of the film (12 minutes); \\"Closing: Team Indy\\" is a shout-out to the film crew's principals (3 minutes); Pre-Visualization Sequences - pre-vis is a rough animated storytelling device which, in this case, preps the crew for 3 action sequences (the Area 51 get-away, the jungle chase, and the ant attack; totalling 14 minutes); 5 galleries and 2 trailers; and a game demo of LEGO Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures, XBOX 360.<br /><br />There's a sense of trying too hard in this picture. I got the sense also that it was trying really hard to sell Mutt Williams to the audience, to the point where I felt threatened for the Indy character. So, while I'm so glad to see Indy still very much doing his thing, this movie leaves me feeling robbed. It's good that John Williams' theme song is along to make things feel more canon. I, for one, wouldn't mind another Indiana Jones film, if only so that Indy could bow out on a higher note. Harrison Ford may be past his prime as an action hero but, for his age, he still carries himself well, so another adventure is still do-able. But if Ford wants to retire Indy, then I hope the movie studio isn't contemplating plonking a fedora on Shia LaBoeuf's noggin and handing him a bullwhip. Because there will be an uprising.
B000LPQ6DE|1.0|As a young man in High School, I had to read a novel for Lit Class.  It was the first \\"classic\\" that I ever read and it has stayed with me for over 20 years.  I was so excited to see that Masterpiece Theatre had done a version!    I was sorely disappointed.    At first i thought it was going well.  Yes a few minor things left out but then, few adaptations of books are wholely complete. Understandable.  But by the time Jane takes her position, Rochester shows up and it's downhill from there.  He is too gruff, vuglar and no where in the book could i find that he calls her a Witch.  I found this unexcusable.  And that scene by the river - that never happened in the book.  He is is almost abusive to Adele in a way that was replusive, and again, that was never the impression one gets in the book.  He is almost sadistic in his treatment of Jane when they talk for the first time.      And, as sad as I am to lower myself to this - i found Toby Stephens, as Rochester, to be extremely unattractive.  And whoever did the make-up did a poor job.  Ruth Wilson is not unattractive, but they did such a poor job on \\"making\\" her look plain, that she just ends up look like a teenage boy dressed as a girl.      I one thing I did like, Ruth Wilson is wonderful in her acting abilities and she played Jane very well.  She was direct, sure, confident, but demure and very controlled.  Kudos Miss Wilson.    In the end, I couldn't watch past the first 45 minutes.  I so WANTED to love this but I just couldn't.  I would rather watch the 1938 version with Joan Fontaine and Orson Wells then this - AND THAT WASN'T EVEN FAITHFUL TO THE BOOK.    I will now watch the 1983 version from BBC.  I hear that is VERY close to the book.
B0015D3Z4O|1.0|Madonna's attempt of regaining some commercial popularity in the US creates a messy album that is not enjoyable by her \\"traditional\\" fans nor by the people that dictate who tops the charts in our country nowadays. She is not good at this and looks and sounds awkward....she should stick to what made her the queen of pop and abandon her ambitions to please the hip-hop crowd in order to sell more records.
B001F290E4|5.0|I purchased this CD and all I can say is \\"I'm in Love\\" with this CD and is now a Seal fan for life.  I purchased 5 more today to give as x'mas gifts, I will also purchase me another CD (just incase something happens to the 1st one).  I don't think anyone who purchase this cd will be disappointed.
031606792X|1.0|Sorry about the length of this, but I am absolutely livid about this book. I am angry at myself for reading the trash, but exponentially more furious at Stephenie Meyer for writing it. This book is an insult. If you are a fan of the series, over the age of 12 and/or have an IQ above 50, then DO NOT READ THIS BOOK. PLEASE listen to me. Thank God I didn't spend a penny on it.    Everything that made the romance between Edward and Bella so great has absolutely been destroyed. Gone are the cute, innocent teenagers who fall into an impossible romance in the cafeteria. I don't think I can ever read or watch Twilight again. I mean, I always slightly cringed when it was obvious that a modern teenager had nothing to do with any of these books. (ex. \\"Holy Crow?\\" Even my GRANDMOTHER doesn't say that.) Or the sometimes over-the-top sappy exposition and dialogue. But I could deal. But this BOOK. It was like watching my childhood stuffed animal get... um, defiled. It was that horrifying.     I understand the concept of author's prerogative, but ANY author has a responsibility to 1) Keep leaps of logic to a minimum, which definitely excludes some weird, mutant child of the corn, 2) Keep the plots and characters consistent throughout the series within the framework which the author has set up, and 3) Follow basic rules of writing and editing a novel designed for an intelligent audience. All 3 of which were shockingly snubbed in Breaking Dawn.     Please, please, please. Do yourself a favor and stop reading at Eclipse, or better yet, at New Moon or Twilight, and fill in the very few blanks for yourself. I will never criticize an author for having an ambiguous ending again. Just click on \\"Most Helpful Reviews\\" and you will see the many, many people who feel the same way.     *SPOILERS AHEAD, but you should probably read this part anyway to realize just how awful this book is*    Here are a few of the many, many problems I have with this book:    1) So Edward and Bella get married andthat part's pretty cute, even though I think it would have made more sense to transform her first, since that's how they're planning to spend their marriage. They get married at the very beginning of the book, and Bella doesn't even really want to. She agreed because she wants to get laid. Wow, warms the heart.  Then begins the vomit-inducing 700 pages.     2) Edward and Bella have sex. A lot. Effectively ruining the innocence of their cute romance and turning it into some trashy, thinly-veiled-porn novella you buy at the airport. Sex is at the very least alluded to in almost every scene they have together. They like it. We get it.  But that's not the worst part. Even while she is HUMAN. Um, Edward is a creature who literally turns iron into dust and moves as fast as a speeding car without breaking a sweat. And she wants him to have SEX with her as she is?! How the HELL would that be 1) Enjoyable for him, and 2) Not life-threatening for her?! Not only does Bella whine, manipulate, and cry her way into doing this outrageously stupid and selfish thing (totally decimated my respect for her character), but then Edward, totally out of character, gives into her crap and agrees to TRY. TRY?! Why don't I just TRY to juggle chainsaws?! And for what? So she can GET SOME a little bit ahead of schedule? She can't bear to have her first time unless she's worried about Edward breaking her in HALF?! If I was Edward, had Bella even suggested such a thing I would have first laughed myself silly, then run screaming in the other direction from such a reckless lunatic. That whole thing really pissed me off.    3) Pregnant. 17-year-old vampire Edward and 18-year-old human Bella. Ew. Ew. Ew. I can accept the marriage, because Edward will never get older, and they love each other. But when I got to that part, and both of their reactions to it, I wanted to scream I was so angry. It is just so small and stupid, so out of place in the story, and CONTRIVED. Ugh! As so many other people said,I thought it was Fanfiction I was reading, not a published work, let alone from the actual author. I'm curious as to what Meyer was smoking when she thought this was an appropriate plot line. But it got worse. What suspension of disbelief I had left broke, and I became permanently removed from the story. I began to hate Bella, and resent Edward's cardboard characterization.     4) Their weird mutant spawn literally kills Bella slowly. And she couldn't be more thrilled about it.   The fact that Meyer had made the ridiculously immature, but lovable and relatable teenager Bella PREGNANT was bad enough. But then it is with some weird, unknown mutant parasite, that saps all her strength, breaks several of her bones (including her SPINE) and causes various bruises, and makes her drink HUMAN BLOOD. During Bella's pregnancy, I was literally shuddering with disgust on almost every page. That is not an exaggeration. And I'm 19.   No joke, I was rooting for the wolves to attack the Cullens and kill the thing. Bella and Edward's characters fly so far off their character rails that you can't even see them any more. Bella whole-heartedly embraces the thing while it slowly kills her, and Edward does nothing but hopelessly mope about it.     5) The birth and Bella's transformation.   UGGGGHHHH. This was hands-down the most disturbing passage I have ever read. I had to put the book down to take some deep breaths several times out of anger and disgust, and then wrestle with myself about whether or not to keep reading multiple times on one page. My Edward and Bella. Who fell in love as lab partners, and cutely fought because of their stubborn personalities.     Here, Bella, dieing and screaming in agony, vomits blood while the mutant baby inside of her destroys her body, internal organs and spine. Edward uses his teeth to bite the baby out of her uterus. Bella dies and then Edward injects vampire venom into her heart with a syringe.    This is how Bella starts her new life with him.TOTAL Slap. In. The. Face.     I was ready to drive to Arizona, find Stephenie Meyer's house, and burn it down.    6) Renesmee. This is what Bella names their child. Ruh. Nez. May. A combination of Renee and Esme. Seriously?    Seriously, Stephenie Meyer?     Why didn't you just sell a book that just says, \\"To all my fans: F%*# YOU.\\"    When Bella tells her father that the baby's middle name is Carlie, I thought, \\"well, that's not so bad.\\" Then she says that it's a combination of \\"Charlie\\" and \\"Carlisle.\\"     Again, I considered driving to Arizona.     7) Bella as vampire. One of the things that made this series so great was how seemingly-impossible and different the relationship with her and Edward was. She literally had to give up her humanity, her family, and her whole life, in order to have a future with him, but she decided that the love of her life was worth it. It's a difficult, heart-breaking choice and I really liked that. But no. All of a sudden, Bella has it all. She is infinitely more beautiful, graceful, powerful, inexplicably becomes supermom at 18, and still retains all the parts of her humanity she was afraid to lose. She has a child, she stays in Forks, and tells her family. There are mentions of her carrying wads of five thousand dollars like it was chump change, which is BEYOND out of character. Waiters \\"gasp\\" at her beauty. She also becomes sickeningly vain. Then they run off to a little storybook cottage her new family has just given her for free, and Edward and Bella \\"make love\\" in it like rabbits every chance they get. If Bella had any relatability left, especially for teenagers, she lost it. This also applies to the believability of the story as a whole and the complexity of the Twilight characters.    8) Jacob and Renesmee.   Jacob, the cute and friendly guy (but also rapist-in-training in Eclipse) who is painfully in love with and loyal to Bella, imprints (falls in love with) on her newborn BABY. This is beyond sick and pedophilic. But it'sok. He's willing to \\"share\\" the baby with Bella and Edward. Bella and Edward quickly realize this whole thing is great. WHAT the F#*%?!    If it weren't bad enough that this annoyingly perfect child that absolutely everyone in the book ADORES exists, she is destined to be with JACOB. At the end of the book, Edward calls Jacob SON. I just shuddered again WRITING that.     9) The climax, or lack thereof.  After several stupid and pointless pages, and GIANT letdowns with weak plotlines about secret messages and hidden motives that go nowhere, nothing happens. Bella puts up her magical, super-scary mental shield around everyone and all of a sudden the infinitely powerful and wizened vampire royalty runs away, peeing their pants.     In conclusion, Breaking Down is not only literary trash that should have returned from the editor's office soaked in red ink, but it also completely destroys the story as a whole. It makes me sick to my stomach what this book did to Edward and Bella in my mind and everyone else's. I will never read a single page of this absolute rubbish again, and hopefully I'll forget about it in a few years. I pray this book will never make it into theaters.     Do yourself a favor and don't buy this.
B001DU8T6I|5.0|I know. Another Disney star, most likely subject to the demands and whims of a cookie-cutter producer who wants an attractive teenager squeeling along to a series of over produced computerized dance beats serving as a backdrop to a processed voiceover,just another Flavor of the month only to be forgotten next year? WRONG. Guess again. This cd is KILLER. It rocks along to live instruments, Demi has a terrific voice, and it is NOT a cd that you will listen to once, and shelve. She co-wrote the songs with the Jonas Brothers(again, I know..I was suspicious when I heard this too). But don't let any of this deter you. Not only will you be pleasantly surprised with the aggressive catchy songs and powerful production, YOU WILL LOVE IT. To think that this is the girls debut release. Can't wait for the next one! Standouts include La La Land, Get Back, Don't Forget, Trainwreck. Don't let this one pass you by. Pick it up!
B001ED7C58|4.0|Since it is a movie geared towards mostly teenagers, I was surprised that I actually liked most of the tracks on this album.  I love books but didn't have high hopes for the movie or the soundtrack, but I loved both.  I like almost all of the tracks on the album with the exception of Paramore.... Also, I wish Bella's Lullaby hadn't been instrumental, but whatevs.  All in all, mostly good.  :)
B001GKJ2E8|4.0|My biggest beef with this story was that Angelina Jolie got top billing and as far as I'm concerned, she was just a secondary character. I guess her status gets her top billing even if she has a three-second walk-on. She has a substantial part, no doubt, but James McAvoy is the real star here, and he did a pretty decent job.<br /><br />The story was certainly not what I expected! I thought it was going to be a conventional cops-chasing-the-bad guy type of thing, but instead it was about super assassins, with Matrix-like super powers. That being said, the movie was a lot of fun.<br /><br />Though I like Angelina Jolie, I don't like the fact she got top billing while the real star of this movie was tucked in there behind her name. This is the nature of marketing and show business, I guess. Overall, still a good movie and a great vehicle for James McAvoy. Recommended.
B001DPHDCY|5.0|Anticipating a silly children's film, I was so pleasantly surprised after watching this one.  This film follows the traditional Dr. Seuss tale of the \\"whos\\" and their elephant friend.  The story is of an elephant named Horton who finds a tiny civilization on a \\"spec\\" and the story is of how he returns them to a safe environment.   Jim Carrey is very good, useually all of his work is the same, but this animated film really brought a different Carrey to light.   Also featured is Steve Carell, who is quickly becoming a favorite of mine. He plays the voice of the Mayor of Whoville.  In animated films, I feel that success is truley acheived when the cartoon and the voice become one.  I was continually reminded of this concept during this feature.  A great family film!
B000063DI8|4.0|Iron Maiden through the 80s progressed more and more towards a very epic, almost symphonic metal sound, while still being dark and heavy.  Even comparing their first release in 1980 to the scene of the time, there was a striving for complexity and magic that set them apart.  \\"No Prayer For The Dying\\" was described as a \\"back to the roots\\" album by Steve Harris, but to me it seems more of a step sideways.    The polished sound of their previous albums (augmented by guitarist Adrian Smith's excellent musicianship) has been traded in for a raw, garage-band sound.  Interestingly enough, it actually makes them sound less heavy to me - instead of soaking in the notes and magical metal music, I'm reminded that these are just guys playing guitars through amps.  That said, it does have a nice rockin' energy - just a different type of sound (this pretty much defines their sound on the Dickenson albums to today).  New boy Janick Gers is much more straight-forward than previous guitarist Adrian Smith - Adrian's trademarks of thoughtful and melodic guitar solos and orchestrated second-guitar parts are replaced with Janick's raucus noise solos and playing the same rhythm guitar as Dave Murray.  This album is also lacking the drawn-out instrumental sections Iron Maiden was known for - as a result, it's got the shortest songs of any Maiden album (it's the only one they've done with no songs over 6 minutes).  Similarly, Bruce has traded in his epic soaring vocals for a raspy hard-rock voice.  The overall effect is instead of Iron Maiden reminding me of a heavy metal Beethoven, they come across as AC/DC with epic tendancies.    The songs I think come out best are \\"The Assassin\\" (which everyone else seems to hate!) and \\"Mother Russia\\" (which, although not really that long, has a great epic feel and some seriously rocking guitar-solo sections), but most of the album still works as great heavy metal - if this was by any other band, I'd think it was the greatest thing since - well, IronMaiden!  \\"Bring Your Daughter To The Slaughter\\" is a little more Alice Cooper/Ac/DC than Iron maiden, but it's a great catchy song and you still get plenty of songs based on war, history, etc. rather than sex/drugs/rock'n'roll.  There's plenty of great guitar work on it, some good songs, and it rocks.  So, not Maiden at it's best, but good metal.
B000ZOXDFA|3.0|I anticipated the arrival of this DVD very much after I ordered it.  Historically correct, with a few tweaks, this film gives a very insightful view of England's \\"virgin Queen\\".   The film only captures a very short amount of the life of Elizabeth, and provides a very dry love story, but I must say that the costumes and make up in this movie are fabulous, fabulous.  All in all, it was very entertaining, I'm proud to own the DVD, but I will probably only pull it out about once a year or so.
B000063DIH|4.0|The problem with Iron Maiden in the 90's was that they had been so brilliant in the 80s!  If you were a fan of Judas Priest, 80's Deep Purple, and such classic metal, you'd be ecstatic when you heard this.  Unfortunately, Iron Maiden did something so wonderful in the world of metal during the 80s that their early 90s albums are just seen as a step back.    Taken as it is, this is Iron Maiden's most diverse sounding album - differing from the classic Maiden in the rawer overall sound and Bruce's raspy voice (although he's more the Bruce we know than on the previous album).  There's bits that sound like AC/DC (\\"From Here To Eternity\\"), Zeppelin's \\"Kashmir\\" (\\"The Apparition\\"), and other classic stuff.  We also get Maiden's first genuine power ballad (\\"Wasting Love\\"), as well as some other songs that are a bit of a departure (although still very much hard-rock/metal).  There's plenty of stuff that has various aspects of Maiden's classic speed- and epic- metal sounds mixed in as well.  \\"Childhood's End\\"  in particular sounds rather like classic Maiden, while \\"Be Quick Or Be Dead\\" is a fast, nasty metal song, \\"Afraid to Shoot Strangers\\" has an unusual (for Iron Maiden) but effective slow beginning, and the title track is a classic Iron Maiden epic that's become established as a fan and band favorite.    While not the sound that made Iron Maiden one of the pillars of metal history, this is a fine metal CD.  I kind of place it with Deep Purple's \\"Battle Rages On\\" and Judas Priest's \\"Painkiller\\" as part of this unexpected little classic metal golden era that happened around the time hair metal gave way to grunge.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|I usually am cautious about buying movies, because I don't want to be stuck with a bad movie.  This was recommended by others, so I gave it a try.  I have no regrets over buying Amazing Grace.  It was quite good. This is one movie I am proud to own.
0449227421|4.0|In my opinion, this was one of Ken Follet's best books.  Unfortunately, the title of the book gives away the whole story.  Why, oh why, would you put a spoiler in the title.  Strange things are happening.  The lead character can't figure out why this guy is friendly and interested in her romantically one minute and then the next time he comes over he acts psycho.  Oh wait, the third twin...
0061120081|5.0|I read this book while recovering from surgery.  I loved it immediatly.  It's an amazing story and the main character, Scout Finch, is incredible.  I even named my kitten after her :).  For those of you skeptical about reading this book (some of the many reasons why I decided to read this book had to do with negative feedback about it), I hope this will clarify its contraversial content.  The concept of rape in this story is necessary, given that it takes place in the south during times of racial injustice.  Not many people see past the crime and ignore the purpose it serves in the story. The point of this story doesn't have much to do with rape, but the prejudice that comes with the accusation.    Another strong point in the story is towards the end, Scout questions her teacher when she condemns Hitler for the Holocaust, but at the same time discriminates against African-Americans.  Harper Lee, I believe, put that in there to point out the hypocrasy of racists.    This is a must read and I'd recommend it to everyone.  It immediatly became my favorite book and I hope you consider reading it too.
B0011Z3334|5.0|This album rocks, and rocks hard.  Paramore is my No Doubt replacement (they haven't released a new album in, what -- 7 years now?), and I love them.  Riot! has some amazing songs, especially \\"Fences\\" and \\"Crushcrushcrush.\\"<br /><br />The overall feel for the album is high energy rock, with very few downbeats.  The lead vocalist has an enchanting voice, and she delivers the songs as only a top quality rock singer can.<br /><br />I cannot recommend this album enough!
B000000H42|4.0|When listening to Mercyful Fate's \\"Don't Break the Oath\\" the first thing that immediately jumps out at the listener is the unusal vocal stylings of the infamous King Diamond. Shrieking in a Chipmunk falsetto while occassionally grumbling or wailing in a drunken growl that is anything but intimidating, he is almost impossible to take serious.  Than there are the cheesy horror movie lyrics, storm effects, \\"evil\\" laughing, and the faux choir arrangements...    However what the King may lack in artistic taste he makes up for in character. While bands like Maiden were often aware of how silly some of their songs were and had fun with it, King Diamond sounds like a true believer and the way he holds his ground even during some of the album's more laughable moments helps one suspend their belief just enough to be seduced by this high pitched prophet of the \\"Dark One.\\"  At his most effective he comes across as a weird Satanic jester taunting the listener with his tales of the occult and all things evil; demanding your attention or perhaps your very soul even if you don't want to give it. You aren't going to find anything else this bizzarre and there is a certain appeal to that, Diamond is truely one of a kind.     As for the actual music and compositions they are all beyond exceptional, vastly superior to anything you'll hear from Metallica or even Maiden during this decade. \\"My Satan!\\" these are some of the greatest guitar riffs in metal history.  Dark neo classical workouts as well as raunchy head banging grooves dominate the album while the audible bass and energetic drumming gallops away like a marching war horse.  The music is heavy and aggressive but also convincingly urgent and suspenseful. Shermann and Denner's dueling guitar solos are flashly but also surprisingly sincere and emotive, at times very melancholy and curiously tragic sounding. \\"...Oath\\" is certainly an essential for guitar lovers.  The arrangements are also creative and involving with excellent timing,for instance the epic \\"The Oath\\" pulls you in from the opening charge and holds your attention through numoerous tempo changes and interludes until the final climatic descent into hell to hear Diamond tell it anyway. You can't help but be dragged along for the ride even as you smirk and roll your eyes at how silly it all is.  So what can you say, this is heavy metal in all its glory; the bad and the good.
B0018CWEZ8|1.0|First, this blu-ray isn't worth the money. The combination of budget cuts and the writers strike reduced season four to only 14 episodes. And yet this blu-ray is priced at the same rate as a 26-episode season. Its ridiculously overpriced considering the limited content available. The company itself seems to have realized the problem in that they padded out the package to five discs when it could have fit on something far smaller.     They could have made up for the lack of episodes versus the cost with extras. But they didn't. They didn't even take advantage of the basic features of the blu-ray to do the extras right. The \\"flashbacks in order\\" content could have been done technically in a much more sophisticated way then how they did it. They could have thrown in maps or uncut music or still photos or photos of props or almost anything. It would have cost little and somewhat made up for the content vs. price problem.    As to the show itself, the network made a decision after Season 3 to dramatically cut the budget for the show and its very apparent in Season 4. The sets often look extremely cheap or flat-out ridiculous.     In the ridiculous catagory is the set for the trial of \\"kate\\". The series has established her as a fugitive who murdered her father in Iowa, committed insurance fraud, was involved in a shootout with the police and has numerous crimes to her name. The trial should have been one of the dramatic high-points of the series. But it falls apart. First is is inexplicably set in California. Next they didn't bother to locate reasonable courtroom set. They dressed up what looks like a vacant floor in an office building or a cafiteria as if its court. And the trial itself featured some of the worst writing and plot I can remember on a series that was known for good writing. All those crimes and years of being a fugitive magically go out the window when kate uses another woman's child to emotionaly blackmail her mother. Oh and she is a celebrity too which means they have to drop most of the charges against her. Makes perfect sense.    The series also introduces three new major characters who amount to expositional props. We have the \\"science\\" prop, the \\"ghost\\" prop and the \\"dharma\\" prop. They seem obivouisly written into the show as vehicles to allow the writers to explain things that cannot otherwise be explained. The characters have no particular depth or interest to them.     Three characters are also written out of the show late the season in a rather useless way. After building them up for three seasons, it was like \\"ok now that we have had the tender emotional reunion shot, we don't know what to do with this character anymore so lets off them\\".       The whiny/weak michael character comes back after a seasons absence and spends a few episodes whining before they get rid of him again.     They also got so low on ideas this season that they dragged out the old saw of the \\"medical emergency\\" in the jungle complete with long drawn-out surgery and excessive angest.    The flashforwards didn't pan out for the show either. The problem was that they didn't focus on the characters getting on with their lives in the real world or having changed from being on the Island. All the humanity of the characters was thrown away in favor of a shocking future plot twist per episode. It got old real fast.    And how does the season end? It ended with one of those specially written cliffhanger endings to deal with a cast member whose contract is up and entering a renegotiation phase.     In summary, the blu-ray edition is overpriced and the season itself suffered from bad writing and serious budget cuts. The writing had created an expansive plot world of well-designed characters for three seasons. But the fourth season seemed to be about reductions and cutting things off moving toward an ending. Its hard to say where they show goes from here. But what I can say is that companies like ABC/Disney are going to poison the market for blu-rays if they keep producing overpriced editions with as little content as this one.
B001GZ6QEC|3.0|There are aspect ratio errors all over this DVD.  I first noticed them on the scene with the two ships and then again towards the conclusion of the film.  I watched the blu ray on an LCD TV through my PS3 and I know it wasn't a hardware or settings issue.  The movie would jump from filling the edges of my screen, to letter box.  The quality was excellent but that really bothered me. I mean i've never seen any other blu ray or DVD screw up so badly on the aspect ratio.  These companies get paid millions to author a blu ray and they can't do it right. Its not like they're changing anything from the film they're simply burning it onto a disc.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This is an absolute must watch series and this is coming from a person who never had any interest in anything dealing with war. This might come as a surprise considering that I serve in the U.S. military, but never took the time to honor those that served before me...up until now.     WWII is an almost forgotten part of U.S. history that the younger generation doesn't seem to appreciate. The same could have been said about me (and I'm 34), but thanks to this well made series, it has opened my eyes to why we enjoy the freedom that we so much take for granted today.     Band of Brothers is an enjoyable history lesson at the expense of retelling the tragic events of WWII as seen through the eyes of real men, who put their lives on the line for a common good. It's amazing how the series progresses with such realism as if you were in the middle of the action. Many times I would get goosebumbs and found myself shaking my head in disbelief knowning that these guys were all real courageous volunteers, who could have backed out of a redicoulousy difficult boot camp, but refused so that they could go to war and fight the enemy. These are the real heroes that you don't come across very often these days.     The blue-ray disc offers some great visuals, but has a grainy washed out look that fits the atmosphere of war, so don't expect a crystal clear picure. The BR set also has commentary by some of the remaining survivors, that makes the series worth watching again, as they offer a haunting retelling of what when on during the time-line. It's also notable that at least one of the members pasted away in recent years, which makes hearing their interviews that much more special.     So to sum up...it's a great history lesson, on a well made film, put together in a great looking package, with nice bonuses. It make this Airman here that much more proud when I put on my uniform every morning and makes me even more proud of my son who is now in Army boot camp training to me an AirborneRanger. I plan on sending him this video set when he completes his training, so that he can also value the importance of U.S. military history.
B001GZ6QDS|3.0|First off, let me get it out of the way that i think TDK is a great film and is definitely worth the purchase.That aside, the extras on this 2-disc dvd were absolute b.s. I didn't expect Nolan to do a commentary but there wasn't even a real making-of feature aside from twenty minutes about the batpod, the batsuit, and the Joker theme. I have a feeling the douches over at Warners purposely with held extras from the dvd to some how get more people to buy the blu-ray, which apparently has a much wider range of extras.
B001GKJ2DO|4.0|I was never an Abba fan. But let me tell you, this movie made one of me. Its an exhuberant, joyful, silly a times, and gloriously entertainig. Saw the movie 7, yes 7 times, and every time, and i mean every time, found somenting new to enjoy and laugh about. Including the audience who sang and danced.   Maybe the critics didn't like it, but I you don't see it, you will be missing one of the cinema (high brow term) joyous moments. Can the cast sing??? The answer is YES. Meryl Streep sweeps around \\"The winner takes it all\\" and she delivered and dance with Dancing Queen one of the best moments in the movie. Go go go see it, buy it and enjoy it again and again.  rafael reyes/panama city, panama
B0017ZB8M6|2.0|Heard one song by her & liked it so I bought the album. Big MISTAKE. This album shows just how low people's standards have become. Well produced but nothing else. This recording just shows cute doesn't make you good. I would love to see a review by somebody who gave this recording 5 stars a year from now when it's been moved to the back of the stack of disposable music & people are saying \\"Katy who?\\".
B001H5X7I4|4.0|I was iffy on this movie till I watched it but seeing all of these actors making fun of themselves and other Hollywood stereotypes made this really worthwhile and funny.    Tom Cruise really steals the show.
